CUMBERNAULD GLASGOW PREMIER PAINTBALL VENUE; Blairlinn Road,Cumbernauld G67 4ADScotlands most popular paintballing venue , with more and more Scottish paintball players visiting this paintball centre each year. We have just created some great new game zones.!
Absolute Karting & Paintball
Half Day Karting & Half Day Paintballing with 500 paintballs Includes Equipment Hire!INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Figgy pudding, roasted chestnuts and wassail are all traditional foods mentioned in Christmas songs, but do people actually eat or even make them?
One person who does is Daybreak’s Nina Criscuolo. She whipped up some wassail for the Daybreak crew.
Wassail itself is a hot mulled cider punch. This recipe takes about an hour total to make and it actually makes your kitchen smell amazing!
Recipe:
- Combine 2 quarts water,
- 1 cinnamon sticks,
- 1 Tbsp whole cloves
- 2 tea bags. Boil.
- Reduce heat to simmer
- add 1/2 a lemon, 1/2 an orange, sliced or cut into wedges.
- Simmer for 30 minutes.
- Then add 1 cup of orange juice,
- 2 cups cranberry juice,
- 1 1/2 cup ofsugar
- Stir until sugar dissolves and serve.Verdict was that deceased was killed by the up mail train running over her
.”
Posted April 2, 2001A lot has happened in a short period of time regarding black watches. What started out as a trend has grown into being a part of the modern classics. Black watches are no longer hyped because they’ve finally earned their place as a standard color in many watch brands’ collections.Keep reading
In our fast-paced, ever-changing world, there are few things we can rely on to be constant. Good design, however, never goes out of style; nowhere is that truer than in the world of luxury watches. Consider some of the most iconic models of the modern age: the Patek Philippe Calatrava, the Jaeger-LeCoultre Reverso, and the Rolex Submariner. While they are all very different watches, they share the common traits of consistent, functional, and attractive designs that have prevailed for decades. In some ways, this is the same for high-end, modern furniture from a similar time period.Keep reading
Many people know which watches James Bond has worn over the past fifty years; some brands and models have even become famous because of Bond. Perhaps just as interesting as looking back, however, is looking forward to which watches Bond could wear in films to come.Keep reading
It’s easy to draw parallels between the art of watchmaking and that of creating handmade shoes. Both represent a true craft, a trade that has little to do with today’s digital development and in previous times, was often passed down from father to son. There are many companies that have been making shoes or watches for decades, and sometimes even centuries. A question to ponder, however, is whether both industries can survive on the craft alone and the romantic ideas that surround it. It’s good to look at some of the sentiments behind the love for handmade products, and how some companies have successfully brought their historic craft into modern times.Keep reading
In general, one could say that two-tone watches are not as favoured as regular steel or full gold watches. Even when it comes to famous models like the Rolex Daytona or the Patek Philippe Nautilus, vintage and pre-owned two-tone watches are usually more affordable than regular steel watches. This is a phenomenon that is remarkable, but it's simply the result of people’s demand and therefore you could say that the gold steel combo is culturally less popular
For those who are already enamoured with horology, justifying a sizeable purchase of a fine mechanical wristwatch is an easy task. For those looking in at the watch-obsessed from the outside, it’s a puzzling proposition. By looking at the reasoning of many collectors, let’s explore the merits of mechanical watches, and why it is that we love them oh so much.Keep reading
Many watches out there have been given nicknames. You can split them up into several categories, but they all have a clear reason for being there. Either the watch has been regularly seen on the wrist of a famous person or it has such clear characteristics that the nickname immediately (or after a bit of thinking) comes to mind when looking at the watch. Some watches even get a nickname because of a flaw that shows up many years after production.Keep reading
AHijack: The story of the first and last time a British commercial aircraft was ever hijacked. In September 1970 a BOAC flight with 20 school children on board was hijacked by a Palestinian group.
9pm on BBC2.. ... 4_16870_50
Programme about Hijack on tonight
Forum for discussing non-Pakistani aviation issues and news.
1 post • Page 1 of 1
- Registered Member
- Posts: 474
- Joined: Mon Nov 01, 2004 6:06 pm
Programme about Hijack on tonight
You can't be all things to all people...so just be nice !
1 post • Page 1 of 1The aim of this paper is to consider David Benioff's novel 'The 25th Hour' (2000) and the film version by Spike Lee (2002) in the light of their New York setting, examining how the intersection of the two space-time axes - the horizontal and the vertical - can be related to the 2001 attacks on the WTC. Whereas the representation of the horizontal cityscape image comes along with hope and dream, the vertical direction entails a catastrophic image of N.Anticipated Cost to establish not to exceed: $100,000
Purpose to establish a facility where:
- WA program’s approved Trainers and WA Teams-in-Training (Handlers and ASCs) can hold face-to-face “training sessions”
- Meetings with Central TX businesses and the general public from an educational purpose related to PTSD and the Warriors’ Angels (WA) program.
- Facility where the WA Team’s (in training and program certified) Handlers can work with their ASCs on an on-going basis.
Services for sex workers
Our organisation understands the many challenges that sex workers face, from the law, from stigma and from judgement. We believe sex workers deserve to have the same access to sexual healthcare as anyone else.
To use our services you don’t have to use your real name or show ID. We know confidentiality is important. We are a non-judgmental service so if you want to chat about your work we’re here for that too.
All of the services we provide are completely confidential.
If you are an individual who works within the sex industry we can offer you:
• Rapid HIV test
• Support, in a private environment
• Sexual health information
• Contact with the local STI clinic
• Support offered in group setting, or one-to-one support
• Referrals to other agencies you may need
You can drop in to the centre if there is something you need to discuss. We have a number of private rooms for client consultations. You can also telephone the office on 021 427 5837, text Susan on 089 249 7292 or email info@sexualhealthcentre.com , 9am- 5pm Monday to Friday.
We can provide you with condoms free of charge – just ask at reception for details. All you have to mention is that you are looking for ‘The Bag’. All our condoms carry European Quality Assured Standard and they have all been quality tested. As well as standard type condoms, we also stock XL and snug fit condoms. We also provide flavoured condoms. The Bag will also contain sachets of lubrication. Please let reception know if there is any other way we can help.There’s no polite way to say this – director Anees Bazmee’s Thank sexist dialogues and slapstick gags to deliver yet another unmistakably sleazy comedy.
Amit
April 12, 2011 at 12:01 pm
I am surprised to see this review. I found the movie hilarious and comedy is simply great. Although I would agree that the story is not great but I fail to understand whether we go for story in comedy movies. I enjoyed it thoroughly and felt so for the audience who were watching with me as there was a comic punch every 5 minutes which makes u laugh. Keep up the good work guys.
Patsy
June 21, 2011 at 7:59 pm
At last, someone comes up with the “right” anwser!
akshay
April 12, 2011 at 3:11 pm
Did u show movie?
awalpreet
April 14, 2011 at 1:48 pm
i want to book the tickets
Olivia
June 20, 2011 at 3:54 pm
IJWTS wow! Why can’t I think of thigns like that?
Krystal
June 21, 2011 at 9:07 pm
Wow, thats a really celevr way of thinking about it!Entrepreneurs and people of Wall Street are generally categorized as selfish or greedy. They portray business as a way of achieving personal goals, while having no regard for anyone else. All because of one thing – money. Now, this stereotype is very much true. Every business out there wants to make as much money as possible.
However, there is one company that stands out from the pack, that cares more about people than about money. Apple has always been thinking differently in reference to this. They pursue their vocation and are motivated by much more than financial success. They use morals and values to supplement their work. When a business can overcome the divided life, that’s when they truly become successful. Putting people first before a selfish desire is exactly why Apple is so appealing. Exercising a good shows people that Apple is trying to make the world a better place.
They start by creating products that service the needs of a person. Apple tailors their inventions for people of all backgrounds, both rich and poor. Next, they produce meaningful and intelligent devices that let people flourish, while recognizing the worker itself. These ideas have more than one purpose; they aid people with their duties, but also touches them with the use of the product. Finally, Apple lets the creatives out of the box. They create workplaces that allow people to fully expand their mind, while staying true to the companies core values. Making universal products available for everyone, in a just manner, helps solidify these values. Steve Jobs is the backbone of Apple, he is the standard for entrepreneurs. His perspective and actions are the perfect example of someone demonstrating a vocation for business. Apple is his baby and like all parents, he wants his child to be the best that it can be.
Pingback: “I’d Like to Speak with a Genius Please” | Eat Fruit
Pingback: June 24, 2010 is a Day to Remember | Eat Fruit
Pingback: Age Doesn’t Matter | Eat Fruit
Pingback: Even When They Go Wrong, They Make it Better | Eat Fruit
Pingback: What Can I Help You With ? | Eat FruitMore Videos...
CRAZY!! London bus passenger unleashes wild attack on bus driver. STOP THE VIOLENCE
CRAZY!! DRUNK East London bus passenger unleashes on bus driver . STOP THE VIOLENCE
Donald Trump: Michael Wolff is "mentally deranged"
Donald Trump rages about "Fire and Fury" author Michael Wolff on Twitter. It's become a regular occurance so we shouldn't be surprised that Donald Trump is at it again. The US President has taken to Twitter to moan about the author of a new book by Michael Wolff. The 71-year-old also made a dig at the media for reporting claims made in the book. Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House was published despite the president's protests. Report by Hettie Maylam.
Is this Britain's best bus driver ? How to get up Saltburn Bank!
Artist:Philharmonia Cassovia Song:21 Hungarian Dances, WoO 1 (arr. for orchestra) Hungarian Dance Album:BRAHMS: 21 Hungarian Dances Time:01:33 Genre:Classical
WHO IS THE BEST BUS DRIVER??? | BUS SIMULATOR
Leave a like for more Bus Simulator!!! Josh: My twitter: Main Channel: Sidemen Channels: My PC: Custom Controller: HOW I RECORD MY GAMEPLAY: WHERE I GET MY CHAIR: -leather?tracking=53917aeedad00 Music From MediaMusicNow.co.uk Video uploaded by Simon/Miniminter/mm7gamesWe provide installation and service for all of the products we sell and are able to supply parts/accessories for other products. We maintain parts in stock including SIT valves, RobertShaw valves, remote controls, millivolt kits, electronic ignition valves and kits, safety pilot kits, manual control valve kits, flex connectors, thermopiles, millivolt pilot assemblies, ODS pilot assemblies and thermocouples.Hello TBSH! It’s Bridgette, here, and I had a travesty hit me this week: yet another lost soul roaming the Houston landscape divulged they never learned how to gift wrap. In fact, this individual even had the audacity to tell me they don’t like gift wrapping. The horror … the horror of it all, I tell you!
First, my immediate reaction was to not let my face show my shock and bewilderment. Was this person robot? Were they mental?!?! (Just kidding on that one … OR, am I?!?!?) Second, I gave them a hug. Yes, I hugged a total stranger and it felt great 🙂 I had to hug them – I had pity for them and I just needed them to know everything will be better soon! Third, I made a promise to myself, and to them, that I’d do a quick tutorial on how to wrap a simple gift … and this would change their life forever.
To understand where I’m coming from with regards to my affinity towards gift wrapping, the first thing that you must know about me is I was THAT kid in the family that begged, and pleaded, to wrap everyone’s gifts for holidays … birthdays … valentines … you name it – because I just got so much joy and self-fulfillment when imagining their face when they saw THE gift … you know, the one that is the best darn looking gift under the tree! And, I quickly learned this wrapping wasn’t for the faintest of hearts because this girl had four other siblings to wrap for! I loved, though, how without even opening the gift their face(s) would light up, and they already felt special without even having ripped one sliver of the paper 🙂 Seriously, you have no idea how many times I had the evil plot of just wrapping empty boxes that looked divine and selfishly just sitting back with my hot cocoa and basking in watching them open gifts … I mean, empty boxes! This is still on my bucket list 🙂
Okay … now that you can see just how cuckoo my mind can wonder sometimes, I’m sure you’re ready to watch this How-To tutorial. It’s a great follow-while-wrapping guide that you can come back to as often as you need. And, for that special someone(s) … yes, there was more than one person I came to discover this holiday season who have lived a less fulfilled life from not gift wrapping … happy gift wrapping! — XOXO, Bridge
How To Gift Wrap
[embedyt]
I agree Bridge! The wrapping is half the fun!! Great tutorial!
So happy to hear there are others around that also feel wrapping of the gift is a gesture of thoughtfulness!.
Thank you for a clear explanation. I’m fed up trying to fight the ‘acidification’ battle. I wonder what the next scare will be? The CO2 one appears to have been lost by the alarmist; acid rain again? It’s been a few years since that one so many young activists will be ripe for exploitation.
Thanks for sharing your thoughts.
The next scare? I think activists and the media are in the very comfortable position that they can just choose from a vast array of scares and pick those that suits their case best. Global warming, extreme weather events, ocean acidification, arctic ice, extinctions, acid rain (China) and if nothing else cooperates: climate change is the ultimate wild card.
I don’t think CO2 is lost yet. It is still a powerful policy instrument that will not go away easily. And it can morph into other things like for example ocean acidification.
Indeed, one can get tired of fighting. I am not a warrior type myself, so I will not try to fight it. In my lifetime I encountered many scares and although the packages are different every time, the content is rather similar. In my experience awareness was (and still is) very important and it is the way I am walking now. I like to look behind the package and finding what is really inside.
It is an uphill battle at times. As you say, looking behind the package enables you to analyse the hyperbole. There’s an awful lot of packages and an awful lot of hyperbole. The alarmists aren’t concerned with facts and data as long as they can keep the message going and the masses hypnotised. Bread and circuses.
Indeed, there is a lot of hyperbole. I still have a lot of material and if I follow current events probably there will be an endless stream.
Hopefully some people get inspired by blogs like this to begin looking behind the hyperbole and find the man behind the curtain, just as I did about four years ago. That would be the greatest satisfaction I could get from writing this blog.Don’t Worry, Be Happy
at me (no, not literally) (although it literally made me laugh out loud, thereby proving my point about the source of true wellness): “The big word in the industry right now is unquestionably one of its most annoying, ‘wellness,’ a trend that has seen a rise of ingredients like green tea and chai and exploits the widespread myth that the forest wants to heal you.”
A near-miss attempt to capture a numerical palindrome. Off by one mile! But a miss is as good as a mile.
Ha, ha! I literally cringe (yes, literally, as in, my forehead furrows in a palpable wince and my fingers twitch with perceptible clenching) when I hear (or read) of people saying things such as “literally LOL.” Literally laughing out loud? If that really happened as frequently as people claimed, we would all be a whole lot healthier, as laughter is indubitably the best, etc. etc.
Understanding the precise difference between mondegreens and malapropisms can go a long way toward establishing what is properly funny and what is just a goofy mistake. I’ve always thought that if you’re going to mangle a turn of phrase, you might as well be intentional and humorous about it, to wit: “You may think I have a heart of stone, but I will not be taken for granite!” Ha, ha!
And whenever I hear anyone talk about anything being decimated (ranks, usually), I want to start counting up to see if the ranks (as it were) really were reduced by ten percent. I mean, even when thinning plants, you usually go for fifty percent. Who would even want to literally decimate, say, an army of ants? Why not just destroy them outright?
Differentiating between palindromes and anagrams is another perpetual source of happiness to me. Both concepts involve sets of interchangeable symbols—usually letters or numbers—but anagrams rely on simple rearrangement of the symbols to form a new word or phrase, usually with some meaning that bears significant relation to the original text, while palindromes are directly reversible words or phrases.
Neither one need necessarily be funny, although the more brilliant and clever the anecdote, the more satisfying it is to repeat, as in, “Aha! And so pleased was I with this witty remark that I said it again, only this time backwards: Aha!” Anagrams, for their part, can range from the profound (decimal point: I’m a dot in place) to the political (Disraeli: “I lead, sir!”) to the personal (Rose Focht: Echo frost). Of course one must exercise caution, when tinkering with personalized anagrams, not to develop an Andre Pujon complex.
Some people actually avoid using any words with which they are not entirely familiar or conversant, so keenly do they fear suffering the mortification of using a word incorrectly. However, they shouldn’t worry, either. As a recent discussion around the dinner table pointed out, while mortification is used colloquially to delineate great shame, chagrin, or embarrassment, mortification literally means “putting the flesh to death,” and isn’t as common an end as many people seem to think. In fact, Nabal is about the only person in history I can think of who was literally dismayed to death (I Samuel 25). Apparently, being embarrassed to death isn’t really such a widespread threat, after all.
So don’t worry. Be precise—and be happy!
Photo Credit: First image graphic design by Charity Klicka; All other images by Rose Focht.
A refreshing icy cool dessert “Cendol” a very popular local delight. The mere mention of the word Cendol would fire all piston at the salivary glands. Cendol is essentially pre-cooked pandan/vanilla fragrant flavored short rice noodles. It is complimented with red kidney beans and topped in a mountain of ice shavings then drenched in fresh creamy coconut milk and sweet palm sugar syrup. The taste of cold creamy sweet with a tad of saltiness dessert is just heavenly especially during hot days. For those who prefer the less sweet Cendol, just inform the vendor to go easy on the palm syrup. This stall opens daily weather permitting from 10am-2pm. Another equally good Cendol stall further down the street near the bus station operates from 1pm-5pm. Both operate like SP’s Cendol tag team.Through The World
11/29/2016
In Iraq, the environment itself has once again become a weapon of war
The scene looks apocalyptic from space — thick plumes of black and white smoke obscuring the landscape of northern Iraq near Mosul, the central battleground in the war against the Islamic State
The scene looks apocalyptic from space — thick plumes of black and white smoke obscuring the landscape of northern Iraq near Mosul, the central battleground in the war against the Islamic State.
That white plume was captured by NASA satellites on October 22, shortly after ISIS militants set fire to a large sulfur plant in the area. The resulting sulfur-dioxide pollution, which can cause severe respiratory problems and irritate the eyes and throat, has killed two people and sent at least 1,000 others to hospitals. US forces in the region have donned gas masks and other protective gear in response.
The sulfur fire is part of a larger, disturbing pattern that’s been unfolding over the summer and fall: As a loose array of Iraqi troops, Kurdish forces, and Shiite paramilitaries push closer to Mosul, ISIS has been setting fire to oil fields and factories, filling the air with toxins, and contaminating key sources of drinking water.
Iraq has a long, sordid history of people using the environment as a weapon. In 1991, Saddam Hussein’s forces lit Kuwait’s oil fields on fire to cover their retreat after the first Gulf War. Hussein later drained the famed marshes of southern Iraq to punish the rebellious Marsh Arabs.
Now, more than 20 years later, officials say the Islamic State’s version of environmental warfare is making a fragile situation much, much worse. "This is sadly just the latest episode in what has been the wholesale destruction of Iraq's environment over several decades,” said Erik Solheim, head of the UN Environment Programme, in a statement. “This ongoing ecocide is a recipe for a prolonged disaster. It makes living conditions dangerous and miserable, if not impossible.”
How Iraq’s latest environmental catastrophe unfolded
The latest flare-up got going in June, when Iraqi forces advanced on Qayyarah, a small town south of Mosul near the Tigris River. ISIS set fire to at least 19 oil wells in nearby fields as they retreated, filling the air with black carbon and thick toxic fumes:
Then, on August 28, as Iraqi forces entered Qayyarah, ISIS reportedly opened up oil pipes in the town and flooded the streets with crude. UNICEF arrived the next day and found oil spilling into the Tigris River — the town’s main source of drinking water:
Atheer Al-Yaseen, an emergency specialist with UNICEF, described the scene in late August: “It was 48°C that day, and we could hardly breathe. Retreating armed groups had opened up oil pipes running through the town. The streets are flowing with oil and a lot of it is on fire, so the air is dark with smoke. All you can smell is smoke. Your lungs itch.”
Four months later, the oil fields are still burning:
That wasn’t the end of it. In October, as Iraqi forces pushed toward Mosul, ISIS fighters reportedly began filling trenches with crude oil and set them on fire to make it harder for American and Iraqi warplanes, drones, and attack helicopters to find and hit targets inside the city.
“Da'esh have lit oil fires sporadically as spoiler attacks when they retreat from areas, and sometimes in an attempt to obscure their movements,” said Col. John Dorian, a US military spokesman in Iraq. “It does effect some platforms temporarily.” (He added that the strategic impact was minimal: US and allied forces have battered ISIS targets throughout the Mosul region with more than 2,400 precision bombs, artillery rounds, missiles, and rockets since the campaign began on October 17.)
Satellite imagery captured thick black clouds of smoke from oil fires spreading over Mosul:
Then, on October 22, ISIS militants reportedly set fire to the Mishraq Sulfate Factory, about 19 miles south of Mosul. A white haze, thick with sulfur-dioxide emissions, soon began filling the sky:
Sulfur dioxide is a common pollutant around the world — it’s emitted whenever fuels containing sulfur like oil and coal are burned in cars or power plants. But this plant fire has been far worse, because the sulfate concentrations are much, much higher. The fumes can trigger respiratory problems and greatly irritate the upper airways. In sufficiently high quantities, exposure to sulfur dioxide can kill.
To put this in perspective: The same sulfur plant was set on fire by an arsonist back in 2003, and that conflagration lasted months, releasing some 21,000 tons of sulfur-dioxide per day. That’s four times as much as the largest man-made pollution source on Earth — a smelter in Noril’sk, Russia. It’s the sort of sulfur eruption usually only associated with volcanoes.
In late October, NASA measured extraordinarily high levels of sulfur-dioxide concentrations all around northern Iraq:
In addition to the two Iraqis killed and many hundreds more hospitalized, US troops have had to don the sort of protective gear last seen in 2003, when the Pentagon worried that Saddam Hussein might use chemical weapons. Dorian said that “some coalition forces experienced temporary irritation,” with soldiers ordered to wear gas masks, work indoors, or move to parts of their base where the air quality was better.
Finally, on October 23, the UN reports, a water treatment plant was damaged in fighting, “leading to a chlorine gas leak for which around 100 civilians sought medical treatment.”
It’s not clear that the worst is over yet. Wim Zwijnenburg, a Humanitarian Disarmament Project Leader for the Dutch group PAX, has pinpointed a number of other industrial sites in the city of Mosul that could be vulnerable to further damage in battle or even deliberate sabotage. An attack on sewage sites, for instance, could lead to an outbreak of communicable diseases.
The devastation around the battle of Mosul doesn’t come in isolation. Since 2014, fighting near industrial sites throughout northern Iraq have led to the release of hazardous chemicals into nearby soil and groundwater. And last year, Iraq’s Minister of Environment Qutaiba al-Jubury accused ISIS of “deliberate contamination of rivers, lakes and streams with toxic waste and oil contaminants” as a tactic. In particular, he noted, the group has been polluting water supplies with oil and other chemicals and destroying farmland, leading to further desertification.
All this environmental damage has the potential to create even worse humanitarian crises down the road, warns Erik Solheim of UNEP. “It makes living conditions dangerous and miserable, if not impossible,” he said. “It will push countless people to join the unprecedented global refugee population.”
Iraq has a long history of people using the environment as a tool of war
For Iraq, the use of the environment as a weapon is unfortunately nothing new. Conflict and environmental degradation have been intertwined for decades.
Most famously, in 1991, Hussein’s army set nearly 600 oil fields in Kuwait ablaze as it retreated from US and coalition forces. The fires consumed more than 1 billion barrels of oil and released about 300 million tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere that year — about 1.5 percent of the world’s entire annual emissions.
Iraqi forces also uncapped or damaged more than 130 wells and allowed crude oil to flow freely across the land, killing large numbers of livestock and other animals. The oil slick that poured into the Persian Gulf was the largest spill in history, fouling more than 439 miles of Saudi Arabian coastline.
In the end, it took an armada of international firefighting teams more than eight months to cap the last of the burning wells. They nicknamed the long, costly, and dangerous effort “Operation Desert Hell,” a sarcastic echo of “Operation Desert Storm,” the military’s name for the Gulf War.
And that paled beside what happened after the invasion of Kuwait. In the early 1990s, to punish the Marsh Arabs who rose up in rebellion during the Gulf War and flush out any remaining fighters, Saddam Hussein ordered the Mesopotamian marshes dammed and drained — turning the formerly lush wetlands that had sustained the region into bare land and salt crust.
In a 2003 report, the UN described what happened next: “The entire Marsh Arab community has suffered huge social and economic upheaval as a result of the marshlands’ destruction, with about 40,000 people forced to flee to southwest Iran and hundreds of thousands internally displaced within Iraq.”
Some Marsh Arabs have since returned to the wetlands, which was named a UNESCO world heritage site this past summer. The vibrant society that once existed there is probably gone forever, however — a vivid illustration of the toll exacted when the environment itself becomes weaponized.
Rate
Reply
Name
Website
Enter the code shown above
Comment
More
نسخه قابل چاپ
|
Back
|
Sigma ITID
Guest (EpoGuest)We thought we were out early, but the Dutch girls had already left and the guy from Quebec was downstairs. We did beat him out, although he managed to pass us further up the road.
We were mistaken about Castrojeriz, I thought we had reached the end when we arrived at the camp site, but there was much more the other side. It might have been nice to explore a bit, but then again we needed the rest.
As we came out there were so many vantage points, where the views over the surrounding country were stunning. Viv was non stop with the camera.
As we left town there was a long dry road ahead, but we could see the trail as it meandered up to Mostelares.The book says “Stiff climb up to Alto Mostelares” and it was. There was about 2Ks of lung burning climb before reaching an awe-inspiring point at the top. They had the good idea to build us a shelter where we stopped and ate a magdelena as our pre breakfast snack.
The walk across the top was a lot shorter than it looked in the book, then it was a very steep descent. It was paved with rough concrete and I worried that I would not get purchase with my poles. Fortunately it was rough enough, but never the less it put a strain on my knees.
We reached another point where a rest was needed and still we had not had coffee. As we rounded the bend there was a rest place with concrete benches and another enterprising soul with a flask of coffee. As he poured the coffee I asked “como tu llamas?” “Juan” he replied. I have now given him the name of St Juan of the Coffee.
We sat down and joined Jack a genial Irish man who we had met in Hontanas. he seems convinced that his sins are being washed away by all the suffering. He is unfazed by everything that is thrown at him on the Camino. Woken up at four in the morning by a bunch of Columbians, he merely said it was a good early start for him. I would have wanted tro kill them.
We crossed the beautiful bridge at Puente Fitero and passed another resting place. Many were stopped, taking off clothing as it was starting to get warm. We walked on and were accosted by a woman advertising a bar in the next village. “Hablas espanol?” she asked “un poco” I replied. It was like she had not had the chance to use her own language for years. I had a barrage of Spanish, good practice, but I am not sure I understood all she said.
Viv took this opportunity to divest herself of some clothing and as the pilgrim train had by now passed, the advertising lady returned to talk some more. I must say I quite enjoyed it, but we had to press on.
Further down the road we were accosted by Borrat on a bike. “English breakfast, very good” now I was interested. Viv said that I would be dissapointed, so we agreed to stop only if we passed it. We did pass it as Borrat was putting the sign outside, the photo of a cooked breakfast was too much to resist, so we went in.
Well, the bacon was a bit Spanish and the sausages were frankfurters, and I recieved a barrage of “I told you so” but I did not regret it. It was worth it for the greasy fried egg and the loading of protein.
We met a German guy and his wife who had spent the night here, they said they started the Camino in 2012. I said they must be slow walkers, but the wife had a knee injury and they had to stop, so they have returned for another try. We left them there and continued on our way.
At Boadillo we stopped at an albergue for a coffee and a rest. An hours walking is enough and it allows us to keep going if we rest frequently. As we were finishing our coffee we were joined once again by the German. After a short break we all had a stretching session before we moved on. We never saw his wife again, she was still to arrive when we left.
It was an uninteresting walk for the next couple of Kilometers, then we joined the canal de Castilla. I should have enjoyed this, as I am always in for a bit of canal bagging, but by now we had exceded our normal 20Ks and the wind was up.
My knee, which had recieved a pounding earlier, was now giving me jip and that was causing me to land awkwardly on my feet. I was trying not to complain but I was not now enjoying this.
When we reached the end of the canal by Fromista there was another rest stop, and I had to stop. There was a guy there advertising an albergue at Poblacion de campos “only 3 kilometers”, “sorry” I said “there is no way I could walk another 3 kilometers today”
In Fromista there was a positive festival of signs for hostals, alburgues and hotels, the first one that had its doors open we walked in. By the time we had been ushered upstairs and shown the room, the price was irrelevant. I was not going any further.
After we had showered and felt more human we came out for an ice cream, but it was too windy out so we did not linger long. We came back for more clothes before deciding to go looking for food.
On the way out of the hostel we were accosted by the patron “Tienes que visitar La Iglesia San Martin” she said. Not being big on churches we were not sure we must visit any, let alone San Martin, but we thought we had better make the effort.
The church was only a few yards down the road so we went in. At the door it said Iglasia San Pedro but we were in now so we had a look. Apart from the usual icons and grand alter there appeared to be nothing special about this one, so we resisted the urge to visit the Parocial Museum.
Further down the road we saw yet another church. It was romanesque in design and looked very old. Outside was a plaque with some details. It said that the church of San Martin was built in 1066. That was before the battle of Hastings. Inside was very simple but the construction and design were impressive. To think that this building has stood for nearly 1000 years, the mind boggles.
Inside we met a couple from Arizona who we first met at Ciruena at the golf club, a week ago. We just keep bumping into them. They were impressed that this place is older than their country.
We wanted something different to eat today, so we elected to have pizza. I am not sure we chose the best place though. We made our selection out of the freezer and I had to chase the bar woman around for some time to get a beer. I had to chase her around again to get another. On top of this the flies were making a meal of me.
At least it cost me less than two pilgrim menus and that included the beer.
Day 22 17th day walking
We thought we were out early, but the Dutch girls had already left and the guy from Quebec was downstairs. We did beat him out, although he managed to pass us further up the road.
Filed under Camino de Santiago, Tango
One response to “Day 22 17th day walking”
Very interesting blogs…excellent material for a book for any aspiring catholic pilgrim or indeed anyone who enjoys masochistic experiences!KYLE LAWSON
40 inch box jumps. Training time?
2021 | 5'11" 135lbs |
I am Kyle Lawson, a 15 year old swimmer from the NCAP swim club in Bethesda, Md. I am a hard-working, student of swimming and life. Ultimately, I would like to continue swimming through college and hopefully beyond.Join
We invite members of the following organizations and their families to join the credit union:
- The Albany Fire Department
- The Albany Police Officers
- The Rensselaer Fire Department
- The Albany Airport Fire Department
- The Albany Long Shoreman/Port of Albany
- BASF
- Albany City Employees
- Albany County Employee
- The City of Troy Employees
- Troy Housing Authority
- RPI
- The Sage Colleges
- Troy Public Library
- University Heights Association
Please contact the credit union for details in opening an account and gaining the benefits of membership.
If you would like to complete a new membership application, please download, complete the form and contact the credit union. An IRS Form W-9 is also required.General Chemistry Lab Contact Information
General Chemistry Lab – Important Contact Information:
General Chemistry Coordinator, Dr. M. Bruce: mbruce@maine.edu
CHY 121, CHY 122 , and CHY 131 classes: first option is your class instructor,
then Dr. M. Bruce
CHY 123, CHY 124 and CHY 133 general chemistry labs:
General Chemistry Laboratory Manager, Mr. Robert Kirk: kirk@maine.edu,
then Dr. M. Bruce
Inquiries can also be directed to Chemistry Department Chair: Dr. Barbara Cole: cole@maine.eduYour browser does not seem to support JavaScript. As a result, your viewing experience will be diminished, and you have been placed in read-only mode.
Please download a browser that supports JavaScript, or enable it if it's disabled (i.e. NoScript).
How to manually change the screen orientation?
I'm sorry for my bad English
For Android I used java function setRequestedOrientation(ActivityInfo)
Looks like your connection to Qt Forum was lost, please wait while we try to reconnect.<<
BabsCanadaMembers
Content count1
Joined
Last visited
Community Reputation0 Neutral
About BabsCanada
- RankNew Community Member
Eczema
BabsCanada posted a topic in Celiac Disease - Pre-Diagnosis, Testing & SymptomsNew to the board and not as well-educated as I should be!! I saw a post where the writer referred to eczema as one of the reasons she suspected a child/family was suffering with celiac. Is eczema related to celiac disease? I've been tested for celiac (in about 1995) and got a negative result. I do have some moderate stomach / bowel troubles, I am insulin-dependant diabetic, and I am at present covered head to toe with eczema. I've been treating it for about 6 months with various prescription creams, all hydrocortizone. It is only getting worse (although eczema has always been a problem for me in winter) My dad is celiac, since 1995 (which was why I got tested). My mom and only sibling are also celiac. I was quite pleased in 1995! when I escaped the diagnosis (figuring being diabetic was enough), but now when I see eczema mentioned, I wonder. Any input?Aflutter 2.0
Hey Blog.
Thanks for waiting up for me. Sorry. I guess I needed a hiatus to finish up school and start out on this new phase of my life. Which is totally a cliche, I know. But its true too.
Anyways, let me tell you some key factoids about what you have missed.
1. I graduated from college. It was terribly anticlimactic and sent me off into the “real world” armed only with the self determination I could muster myself (mostly fueled by a “they should have paid me” attitude). I’m not bitter, I swear...
But! Its not all bad. I can now officially tell people I studied architecture and scenic design in school, which makes me sound rather mysterious and educated. Also, when I say “I studied” rather than “I am in school for”, it allows people to be more at ease with me as they don’t fall into a “why do you have cloth napkins and two cats but are only in college... this is awkward” trap. Now people can assume I am whatever age (that isn’t 21) and are less concerned for themselves. I am no longer angstily bemoaning stupid educational dictations and the general public has a better time accepting my inner elderly. Its a win win.
Ansel just graduated too. Its nbd because he already has a fabulous job he loves... I try not to hate him and instead enjoy the benefits, like pride, peace and happiness at home.
... and a discounted gym membership from his health insurance :)
2. I have been to hell and back with my family, and we still love each other even more. They know it. I know it.
I won’t delve into the lowlights, but one of the *neon bright sharpie* highlights was a trip to France and a visit to NYC with my Mama. It was the best thing ever. Ever.
3. I designed and built 6 shows, worked on 5 productions, and designed at least 20 more for classes in a year and a half. Did you know that’s a lot? Especially since the majority were extracurricular. I don’t miss coming home at midnight or bearing the brunt of someone’s ego but I do miss that rapid fire of creativity and stewing in the design process. So as you can imagine I am hungry for design, work, and creative thinking, and I think I have a solution... I’ll tell you in just a sec.
4. Ansel and I celebrated 6 years of love and commitment with three big things:
We bought a car. (overly planned)
We drove that car to Whidbey Island for a romantic weekend getaway. (quickly planned)
The evening we returned from Whidbey we took in a second cat! (not planned at all!)
Our newest kitty is named Nox. He is pretty goofy looking. He is a “smoke” furred cat with a serious overbite and we can’t take a picture of Bingley and him at the same time because the high contrast blows out the camera, but we adore him and feel like he has been apart of the family forever. He really likes holding hands with his grippy little claws.
Nox and Bingley are best friends and brothers with a little romance thrown in there... its weird, we know, but the point is they complete each other :-)
5. I have a job too. It's one of those post-grad jobs where you never stop looking for something else. But in the meantime, it's just fine and I get a lot of visual inspiration from it. Where is my place of employment you ask? Well, I’ll give you a hint. When I work, I ask “Are you an Anthro member?” approximately 100x a day. Lets just say the women in my life are pretty jazzed about the family discount.
6. And finally my solution to #3: We bought a house.
Now normally when I say that, my follow up depends on your reaction. But since I can’t see you, I will offer some options and you can choose what is best for you.
“Yeah! We are pretty excited. Its going to be great having our own place and using both halves of my brain in remodel.”
“Yes, I know. It is crazy. And expensive. But it is what I have always wanted to do. Think of it as experiential education rather than going to grad school. Does that make you feel better?”
“No, I am not 45 years old.”
“No, I am not getting married and having babies ASAP.”
“Oh my goodness, of course you can help paint and decorate! Just wait till the holiday party!”
I hope that covers it. I am really really really excited. And terrified. But mostly dying in anticipation to get in there! And then you know what happens?! Real remodel! Real design idea! Real photos! Real DIY. Me really sweaty. So I think this blog will not only be fun for you but a substantial tool in organizing and expressing my thoughts as we go along.
Wish me luck and welcome to Aflutter 2.0!Texas Killing Fields (2011) movie watch online
Release Date:October 14th, 2011
Starring:
Sam Worthington
Jeffrey Dean Morgan
Chloe Moretz
Corie Berkemeyer
Trenton Perez
15 more cast & crew »
Director:Ami Canaan Mann
Writer:Don Ferrarone
Studio:Anchor Bay Films
Genre:Horror, Mystery
Runtime:1 hour 45 minutes
Texas Killing Fields (2011) movie watch online
Plot;The film is loosely based on true events about the murder of women picked up along I-45 and dumped in an old oil field in League City, Texas.
meta description)A few club members brought thier FEs & FCs out into the sunshine and cruised north from Scarborough beach up to the Galaxy Drive In. We caught up with a couple of other members there to enjoy the Saturday night Double feature. We found out Real Steel wasn't about old cars but we got to watch robots bashing each other up which was fun. Then The Help was on, which had nothing to do with the Beatles in an old 60s movie.We've been looking forward to Aussie-born MANIAMANIA's Performance collection for quite some time now. So to say that we're absolutely stoked about its arrival in New York City would be an understatement.
Featuring oversized gemstone cocktail rings, bold statement necklaces, stackable bangles, and.)Early this summer, my Dad asked me to help him out with some work (vague I know but that’s exactly how it was pitched to me). Bored of an empty Egham and long days working at TKMaxx, I was game for anything so agreed to attend some meetings with him. Meetings, for him, it turned out meant long afternoons in the pub – a steady supply of cider and a pretty magical pine nut salad was enough enticement for me!
Once I’d been introduced to people and had a little explanation I found i’d ended up ina team of people helping a guy in his twenties take his first steps in setting up a recording studio. The whole plan was majorly exciting to sit in on, finding the owner, Tom, had links to producers of bands like Massive Attack, Adam Ant, Newton Faulkner, One Direction, and Katy B to name but a few.
Our first session mostly involved Tom and I having had one too many ciders and close to despair over spreadsheets that made no sense to either of us with our lack of business knowledge. However the following week I was invited to the studio to look around; set in a beautiful garden at the back of Tom’s house with top of the range equipment, ‘Dragonfly Studios’ seemed ideal for any client.
From this point onwards I was sold, the project instantly became a thrilling ride into my first experiences in the industry I aspire to be part of. We talked through mixing and producing in detail – I probably learnt more about making music that day than the rest of my life put together! So far marketing and press is well underway, having been given the task of gathering contacts I’ve had chance to work with some really interesting people and editors of independent music magazines. I’ve also learnt how to conduct myself in the work environment, what to look for in advertising partners (mostly that they aren’t out to grab all your money and actually have a passion for music!) and had a chance to use my semi-creative mind for designing logos, flyers and cards.
Overall it’s been incredibly enlightening to learn the fundamentals of setting up a business in the music industry but most of all working with a team of wonderfully enthusiastic people who have both informed and inspired me. I have gained very relevant contacts who will remain crucially helpful for the rest of my career and have already taught me enormous amounts. Although this is rather a tangent, I found the whole process so inspiring as well as getting a basic feel for working in the music business (albeit from a different angle to the journalistic one I am aiming to graduate to), I felt the need to share it with likeminded people.
For anyone interested to see what I’ve been up to –Published 21 June 2017
A look at what was on ATV on Thursday 21 June 1956
Published 2 March 2015
Leslie Mitchell, John Benson and Redvers Kyle
Published 31 December 2014
What was on BBC television on Tuesday 31 December 1968
Published 29 August 2014
What was on BBC-1 on Saturday 29 August 1964
Published 11 January 2001
Goodbye to DidsburyThe war puts McCain in a very sticky position, rightfully, because he has wholeheartedly supported it during every step of the way. He can use Rumsfeld as a safe and convenient punching bag all he wants, it won't change the fact that he has not admitted that it was a mistake, or a deception. And he won't. Bush has one of the lowest approval ratings in history, McCain needs to distinguish himself from Bush, not equate. Although, I can't say that I mind the hole he is digging for himself.
For what it is worth, I will say that this general election is going to be between two people for whom I have some respect. This is definitely a first in my lifetime. As much as I disagree with McCain in terms of policy, I can't say that these measures would be unwelcome:
."
But aside from the many policy differences I have with McCain, I don't think I could find it in my heart to vote for someone who supported the war, hence my comparable disdain for Hillary Clinton.
And while I'm at it, I should mention that there are plenty of things that annoy me about Obama. As Andrew Sullivan points out, his support for Civil Unions rather than Gay Marriage is cowardice, plain and simple. You cannot hold that position without believing that Civil Unions is a second-class citizen institution. I also believe his Iraq withdrawal proposal is reactionary. Ironically, I find myself more in line with McCain's 100 year position, not because I want the U.S. to be there for 100 years, but because we committed to this dumbass war, and we should have to pay whatever exorbitant financial and human cost necessary to clean up our mess. Overall Obama is also a bit too much of a paternalist for my taste. He wants to help us, guide us, pull us out of our sad little lives into a bright new future. Yeah, that sounds... ok, but many of us don't think that the government should get too deep into the morality game, whether it is Christian or altruist.
But I'll vote for him, for one reason: he seems to be both intelligent and not evil. That's sure as hell a first for a presidential candidate, at least in my lifetime.
2 comments:
Hey Matt,
Good post. RE: "we committed to this dumbass war, and we should have to pay whatever exorbitant financial and human cost necessary to clean up our mess" -- I agree, of course, but we cannot begin doing this until US troops are out. It's abosultely clear that the US presence is making things less stable, not more stable, and that things cannot possibly begin to improve until US troops are gone. No government in the history of mankind has ever been seen as legitimate whenit's allied with a foreign occupying army on the streets, so it's no wonder that the Iraqi government sucks so bad and that the people are in open revolt against it.
The "financial and human cost to clean up this mess" ought to be massive reparations and humanitarian aid to the Iraqi people (once a stable government is in place), and to the surrouding nations who have been taking in Iraqi refugees... offering the right of asylum for any Iraqis whose lives are now endangered becuase they assisted US forces... stuff like that. Prolonging our stay in Iraq only means getting further embroiled in the onging civil war, helping the illegitimate and corrupt Shia government in its bid to crush the Sunnis and the rival Shia militias. No good can come of this.
I think what concerns me about the mainstream calls for withdrawal is that they seem focused solely on the domestic effects of the war: the loss of our soldiers, the money that could be used for social programs here, etc. The major candidates aren't marketing the withdrawal as an alleviation of the suffering of the Iraqi people - it's sad but I don't think the American public cares much about that. It seems the general population wants to correct our mistake as quickly as possible and have a superficial happy ending superimposed onto the whole thing. This all sounds terribly cynical, I know.
This isn't to say that I think a long occupation would be any better, though. Your idea of reparations and asylum would definitely get my vote, but could it actually come to fruition? One would hope. But again my cynicism starts throbbing in the back of my head.
The fact that recent mass tragedies in Burma and China have elicited less concern in this country than, say, one pretty white girl makes me wonder if genocide in Iraq would even be of concern to people here.
That said, I do have some trust that Obama would have a sensible withdrawal plan that would be more based on the reality of the situation on the ground, although I don't really know specifics of his plan. I think Clinton would base her move solely on public opinion and I fear McCain would listen to Halliburton, who I'm sure would love the 100 year plan.These mini turkey burgers have chopped green chiles and shredded jack cheese mixed right in. Topped with guacamole and some thinly sliced red onion these burgers are moist, flavorful and a nice change from ground beef. Serve with salsa and corn chips.Print
Green Chile Turkey Sliders
Mini turkey burgers get extra flavor and moisture from the addition of chopped green chiles and shredded jack cheese.
- Prep Time: 5 minutes
- Cook Time: 5 minutes
- Total Time: 10 minutes
- Yield: 6 servings
Ingredients
- 1-1/2 lbs regular ground turkey (not white meat)
- 1 can (4.5-ounce) chopped green chiles, drained
- 1/4 teaspoon hot sauce (optional)
- 1/2 cup dry breadcrumbs
- 2/3 cup Monterey jack cheese, coarsely shredded
- 1/2 teaspoon salt
- 1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
- 12 slider rolls or small dinner rolls, lightly toasted
Instructions
- Preheat a grill or barbecue to a medium-high heat setting.
- Combine the ground turkey, chopped green chiles, hot sauce, breadcrumbs, cheese, salt and pepper in a large mixing bowl.
- Form into twelve 2-1/2-inch diameter patties. Grill over direct heat for 2-1/2 to 3 minutes per side, or until no longer pink in the center.
- Serve with sliced red onion and guacamole (see below).
Notes
Recipe Notes:
Making your own guacamole is easy, economical and well worth the effort. Give our recipe for “Our Favorite Guacamole” a try.* Found a line that somehow missed the cut for one of my newspaper columns two years ago, and (a) I still got a laugh out of it, and (b) it’s by the one writer whose work I can afford:
“I reckon I’ll understand why umpires vote for the Brownlow Medal around the time traffic police get a vote on major awards in the automotive industry.”
——————————————————————————————
* The following is a direct quote from a press release concerning an upcoming tour by a US roller derby troupe.
“After many successful years on television, the popularity of the sport slowly declined and in an effort to reignite the passion the bouts became choreographed productions with elaborate storylines and predetermined results. Sadly, this approach only seemed to alienate audiences further with Roller Derby slowly slipping off the radar of pop-culture.”
Err, yeah, fakery killed the Roller Derby star. In the context of the PR, the time context for this fantasy was post-1948. The reality, or such as can be readily gathered from reliable published history and a certain amount of simple memory for the older folks among us is that Roller Derby was “worked” (i.e. an athletic entertainment along the lines of pro wrestling or a Harlem Globetrotters exhibition game, rather than a conventional sporting contest) for many decades, and its popularity rose and fell on a cyclic basis, as did that of its nearest relative, pro wrestling. With two organisations in the early part of the 70s, Roller Derby and Roller Games, it achieved a jolt of mass popularity, and then not so very long afterwards, died pretty much the final death, especially of that era’s incarnation of the sports hybrid (which had a family owned pedigree and continuity going back some decades) other than some fitful, unsuccessful revivals since.
Storylines and predetermined results didn’t kill Roller Derby back then. Roller Derby and Roller Games achieved their strongest mass audience results under those conditions, which continued for decades. (Although roller derby “storylines” by comparison with pro wrestling were relatively rudimentary and tended not to be sustained as long, as I remember it.
Pro wrestling, you’d sell houses and build seasons on feuds between individuals and a good guy’s quest for the championship and tell “stories” like this from the top of the card to at least a few matches down.
Essentially Roller Derby as a live event was a matter of a fan-favourite team (“white shirt” team) and the rough-house team (“red shirt” team). There were skaters who were definite major favourites and others who the fans wanted to see decimated, but it wasn’t as elaborate a deal as pro wrestling.
Anyway, all of this seemed a little rich in a media release in which the, err, ‘legitimate sporting event’ being promoted features the “LA Derby Dolls” v “New York Gotham Girls” (back in the olden days it was the LA Outlaws v San Francisco T-Birds or something along those lines), and featuring such athletic icons as Laguna Beyatch, Fisti Cuffs, Fleetwood Smack, and future role model to a planet’s children, Puss’n’Glutes.
—————————————————————————————————————————————————Hazelwood, MO Mandolin Lessons
Looking for private in-home or in-studio Mandolin Hazelwood, MO
Check out some of our most popular teachers near Hazelwood, MO including Maryland Heights, Florissant, Bridgeton, Earth City and Saint Ann. Brandon F.Close
_15<<
· Mandolin · In home
Brandon F.
Brandon F.
About Leanna F.Close
_19<<.jpg)
Leanna F.
.jpg)
Leanna F.
About Ani K.Close
Violin · Online
· Violin · Online
· Violin · Online
Ani K.
Ani K.
About Jake H.Close
_28<<
· Mandolin · In home
· ·
Jake H.
Jake H.
About Toni D.Close
_33<<
Toni D.
Toni D.
About Dennis C.Close
_36<<
· Acoustic Guitar · In studio
Dennis C.
<<So for almost 2.5 years of getting a vehicle, I wasn’t a member of the BCAA. I ran into a couple of problems (tore my tires once, but a auto shop was likely only a couple blocks away, my starter wouldn’t start up, etc). It wasn’t until I had a flat tire at work and all the auto shop were closed for the day. I called some close by auto service places like Canadian Tires, but they didn’t tow, so it meant I would actually have to get the car there somehow…I could see dollars flying out of my wallet…I started to panic.
My coworker told me to wait till morning, and become a member of the BCAA. I went home that night by public transit (luckily in an area that is conveniently located by the train station) and called them up the next day.
I was happy to know that when I called them up, they were able to come fix the tire half an hour or so after becoming a member. That cost like $25 extra, but I needed it, and it wasn’t much. I got the basic plan for $87.25 which includes 4 emergency roadside calls, towing of up to 5km free or to nearest garage, battery boost, delivery gas (at cost), open locked doors, up to $50 in locksmith, bike assistance, safe ride home and up to $250 in roadtrip interruption benefits. I thought that was very worth the membership!
I’m really glad that I did, since this week, I had another flat tire. Again! Vancouver roads must be terrible! Could be because I drive through several construction areas to and back from home and work. But the fix was included in the membership, so no further loss of money there. Even if you have a brand new car, you never know what you might run into. You can easily forget your keys inside. I also feel safer knowing that I can call them anytime, in case I need assistance.
I definitely recommend BCAA if you drive! It’s a must have!! Safe Driving!Ivar’s Chopper
Apr13
some plane in France gonna get a Rabalder sticker..
Crazy three on a roadtrip..
Looking forward to more great times with you brodda.
By the way,dont worry,hangovers always disappear,haha
From all of us to you Odd”Sodd”here’s your colors!
©2012-2018 Rabalder Mc | Powered by WordPress with Easel | Subscribe: RSS | Back to Top ↑Gado-gado
Ingredients:
- 100 gr long bean /French bean, cut into 3 cm length
- 150 gr waterspinach/spinach, cut into 2 cm length
- 5 lembar kol/sawi putih, cut into 3 cm length
- 100 gr beansprouts, the brown-ends discarded
- 2 big-size potatoes, boiled, peeled and sliced
- 2 hard-boiled eggs, halved or quartered
- 200 gr tempeh, sliced
- 200 gr Tofu, sliced
Peanut sauce:
- 200 gr roasted peanut, blended or Pindakaas
- 250 gr thick coconut milk
- 3 kaffir lime leaves
- 1 tsp brown/palm sugar
- 2 tbsp tamarind water ( 1 tsp tamarind soaked in 2 tbsp water)
- 2 tbsp indonesian sweet soya sauce / kecap manis
Spice for the peanut sauce:
- 2 large red Chillis, de-seeded, chopped
- 5 shalllots, chopped
- 3 cloves garlic, chopped
- 1 tsp salt
Chilli Sauce ( If preferred):
- 1 large red Chilli, 1 clove garlic, 5 small red chillies, boiled and blended.
Note for the peanut sauce:
- 1st > If using raw peanut: Stir-fry the peanut in a fryingpan until light brown ( 5 minutes) then blend in a blender into a smooth powder.
- 2nd > If you prefer a short cut method by using Pindakaas ( Dutch peanut butter), you can use it right away.
Gado-gado is one among the famous Indonesian traditional dishes, which is comprised of cooked vegetables served with a peanut sauce dressing. Although many western people describe it simply as a salad, in Indonesia this dish could be eaten as a main meal. Typical Indonesian ha ha ha ;-). This is true!! Coz I myself eat it often any time at any occasions. Currently I’ve seen it often as a part of set menu in various festival and parties. No wonder….Gado Gado with it’s richness of vegetables and delicate sauce is looked very attractive and it might be intrigued your stomach’s acid
If you like it HOT you can just add chilli sauce on it. Anyway in this recipe I describe two choices of ingredient to prepare the peanut sauce. Personally I would say using the raw peanut is the best way to obtain the optimum result. But in case you might be a little bit intimidating by the long list of ingredients, then using the Pindakaas or ready blended roasted peanut as a short cut is the best choice to spare your energy & time. Though it’s taste is not perfect as using the raw peanut but it isn’t so bad at all. I only suggest you, avoid the instant sauce from the market otherwise you could have ruined your delicate Gado Gado.
Directions:
- For peanut sauce: Put all ingredients for the paste in a blender & blend until smooth.
- Heat 2 tbsp oil in a saucepan, stir-fry the paste & kaffir-lime leaves until fragrant.
- Pour in the coconut milk. Add the tamarind water and brown sugar. Stir to mix and bring to boil.
- Add the peanut powder/ pindakaas, simmer and stirring occationally until the sauce becomes thick.
- Add the Indonesian sweet soya sauce/kecap manis. Stir to mix and lift.
- For tempe and tofu: Slice, soak in a salt water & deep-frying until half cooked / well cooked. Set aside to drain.
- For vegetables : Pour in enough water in a medium-size of saucepan. Bring to boil.
- Boil the vegetables separately and set to drain in a colander.
- (Attention : Boil the water spinach/ spinach and beansprouts for about 1-2 minutes only to prevent overcooked.)
Serving Method:
- Arrange the potatoes, tofu, tempeh and egg around the edge of serving plate.
- Put the vegetables somewhere in the middle of the plate.
- Pour the sauce on the top.
- Garnish with kerupuk udang(shrimp crackers) or emping.
- Add the “Sambal Bawang” if you like it SPICY!!Your First Bioprint
Congratulations! You are about to enter the exciting world of bioprinting! Your biobot offers you an accessible, easy to use platform for developing 3D tissues. To start, we suggest this first bioprint of a Pediatric Bronchi with our user-friendly Bio127 material. This first bioprint will allow you to familiarize yourself with your BioBot as well as the bioprinting process in general.
Figure 1: Your Bioprint should look like this when completed(*blue food dye added for visual effects).
You will Need:
- BioBot
- Computer
- Bio127
- 10 ml syringe
- Petri Dish
- 30 Gauge needles
- Syringe caps
- Lab marker
Instructions:
Load Your Syringe:
- Remove Bio127 from storage. The material should be a liquid solution. While still cold, load your syringe with the material. For this first print, we suggest loading 2-3 ml.
- First place a syringe cap on your syringe.
- Then gently pour or pipette Bio127 into the syringe
- Add the stopper, then invert the syringe and remove the syringe cap.
- Carefully push the material to the top of the syring with a lab marker, then cap with a 30 gauge needle.
- Place your syringe into your BioBot. Allow Bio127 to warm to room temperature before printing.
- Finally, place a petri dish into the bed plate.
Set Up Your Software:
- Open Repetier Host and load your CAD File. For your first print, we suggest starting with the Pediatric Bronchi file.
- For prints with Bio127, you will want to set the slicer setting to match the print settings below(Figures 2-4).
3.Slice your design and save the gcode file.
4. Upload your file to the BioBots software.
Print:
- Connect your computer to your BioBot.
- Using software and manual controls, calibrate your BioBot to determine the zero positions.
Software Screenshots:
Figure 2: Path height is set in print settings under layers and perimeters as the layer height for the print (left). Path length is set as the nozzle diameter for extruder 1 and extruder 2 under printer settings (right).
Figure 3: Print Speed is set in slic3r under print settings and speed. All speeds should be set at the same rate.
Figure 4: Print pressure and temperature are set in BioBots software after the sliced gcode file is saved and uploaded.
Troubleshooting:
The most common part of this process that users find trouble with is the calibration step. You may need to practice this a few times to get a feel for good starting heights.For further instruction or advice, please contact info@biobots.io.
What to try next:
Once you’ve mastered printing with Bio127, try this same print with BioPCL!Sometimes manster doesn't feel like going to his dad's on the weekends. Ex and I are pretty good about accommodating his preferances but husband gets pissy when manster doesn't go. It's a tough spot because I can understand husband's need for some peace but manster's needs come first. Granted he doesn't *need* to be home. Mostly I think it's about comfort zone and transitions. There have been a few times (granted not many) when he hasn't wanted to leave his house to come here. Any suggestions appreciated. MLI don’t like my mom anymore. Again. I want to, I wish I could, I try but I am always on guard, always ready for the next argument, always waiting for her to say something hurtful, to complain, to be ‘right’, to always always be right. It’s just the same thing, over and over. Groundmom Day.
AdvertisementsI don’t know how many times I’ve said it on this blog, but I can’t help myself. I have to say it again: Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice was a nightmare. So much so, I had to temper my expectations for future films, including the next installment of the DC Entertainment Universe.
Suicide Squad, written and directed by David Ayer, features an all-star ensemble cast including Will Smith, Viola Davis, Margot Robbie, Jared Leto, Jai Courtney, Cara Delevingne, Joel Kinnaman, Adewale Akinnouye-Agbaje, Karen Fukuhara, Scott Eastwood, Adam Beach and a surprise cameo or two from the cast of the upcoming Justice League.
In Suicide Squad, Viola Davis is Amanda Waller, an operative of A.R.G.U.S. who receives permission to assemble a task force of criminals and supervillains to carry out operations for the national security of the United States and she keeps this cadre of bad guys under thumb by the certainty of death at the push of a button and in line under the command of the loyal Rick Flag.
The specialized task force consists of expert assassin Deadshot, the sewer-dwelling Killer Croc, pyrokinetic gang-banger El Diablo, the kookly kleptomaniac from down under Captain Boomerang, Flagg’s #2 and master swordsman Katana, Slipknot, who only gets < 10 minutes of total screentime, and last but not least Harley Quinn, the significant other to Gotham’s resident Clown Prince of Crime who is just as crazy as she is. Their mission in this picture involves a woman named June Moon, who unknowingly awakens an ancient evil who plots to enforce her new world order by utilizing mystic forces beyond anyone’s understanding.
I’ve heard the whispers going into Suicide Squad and the controversies surrounding it; heck I’ve been following this movie for years. I’ve heard the stories about what was going on on set while the film was in production, I’ve heard about the reshoots, which coincidentally were announced shortly after Batman v. Superman arrived and crashed in theaters and I’ve heard about the film’s reception from critics. So after seeing the film for myself, and making up my own mind about it, here is where I stand on Suicide Squad: it is not as bad as critics make it out to be, but there is a lot of bad that comes with this film.
If you don’t understand what I’m saying, I’ll do my utmost to simplify: I want to say that David Ayer laid out a good framework for what he wanted this movie to be. I could tell that he wrote this movie with the intent to introduce the audience to these characters, and entertain them with their interactions and truly give them a place in this DC Universe that is struggling to get off the ground. In fact, I will say that the plot for Suicide Squad was easier to digest than the plot for Batman v. Superman and in that, the film is successful.
There are flaws. A lot of flaws and a lot of those flaws stem from the technical aspects of the film starting with the camerawork and cinematography courtesy of Roman Vasyanov. Maybe it was the seat I picked to watch the movie but the camerawork and camera motions used felt so uncomfortable to watch. For instance, the final battle sequence used too many close-ups, it felt as though it took away from the action and most certainly, the editing surely didn’t help.
John Gilroy’s post-production was fine when he kept it simple, but again, I go to the final battle sequence where everything just felt completely discombobulated. The slow-motion used in the film just felt cheesy and my interest just slipped, but it was not lost. Speaking of production, I felt as though this theatrical cut felt way too tame; I felt as though this movie held out on audiences and there was said to be many deleted scenes, I for one would like to see what this movie truly intended to be rather than what audiences were given because it felt like it was something of a cheat.
Another flaw: the soundtrack. There was too much syndicated music throughout this movie. It made the film feel heavy and exhausting. I’m not sure who was responsible for that, perhaps it was Steven Price, but it was a little overkill. Look at when Waller and Flag are recruiting the squad and bringing them together, just one song after another; it’s excessive and unnecessary!
This was a great cast but I had the impression that certain actors were favored over others. Aside from Slipknot, who everyone must have known what was going to happen to him, I thought characters like Katana, Killer Croc, Boomerang and El Diablo weren’t given as much a chance to shine like Deadshot, Harley, Waller, Joker Flag and Enchantress were. Maybe it had something to do with billing but I just felt disappointed that audiences didn’t get to see more of what they could do and contribute to this movie.
Also, Suicide Squad is a classic example that the Motion Picture Association of America needs a serious overhaul. This movie could have been rated R for using language and content not conducive to younger audiences but instead it was PG-13. So if any readers are considering taking their children to see Suicide Squad, be advised that you may get more than what you bargained for.
What more is there to say? I liked the costumes by Kate Hawley, the production design by Oliver Scholl was striking, the art direction and set direction was solid, the make-up and the visual effects were worthwhile. I just felt that there was more working against Suicide Squad more than what was working for it.
I want this made clear: I did not hate this movie! If Ayer had handled some aspects of the film more effectively, if it was more refined than crude, than maybe it would have been received better but I cannot deny that Suicide Squad was messy. It’s better than Batman v. Superman (that’s not really saying much), it has appealing characteristics for a comic book movie-in fact it is a little familiar with Guardians of the Galaxy with a touch of Deadpool thrown in-but it sabotages itself with rough technical ability and the fact that what audiences saw was not entirely what Ayer wanted to showcase.
Suicide Squad is not the total disaster critics make it out to be. It’s just shoddy and messy to look at.
8 thoughts on “Review: Suicide Squad”iVOOMi, a Chinese electronic major OEM/ODM has tied up with Hannstar and IVO – major glass manufacturers to ensure futuristic glass development for their LCD panels.
iVOOMi has opted for LCD display for its smartphones to provide an improved viewing experience to its consumers. There are banks of LEDs behind the pixels of an LCD display that provide the light shining through the individual pixels. This doesn’t only make for a brighter screen on average, but whites are much cleaner than with AMOLED display.
iVOOMi has taken into consideration the fact that any screen size above 5.5 inch has not worked well in the Indian market as the Device Form Factor gets broader, whereas handset majors are opting for displays with 18:9 aspect ratio to provide users with an immersive viewing experience. Thus, iVOOMi is going the extra mile to bring innovation to the value segment devices, within an affordable price range and a robust network of after sales service.
Commenting on the same, Mr. Ashwin Bhandari, CEO, iVOOMi India, said, “We have worked together with Hannstar and IVO to fit in 5.5 inch display in the current market trend of 5 inch Form Factor removing almost all the inefficient space around the LCD panel making it a bezel-less product.”
“We promise to deliver a bigger screen with better resolutions along with enhanced colour-output in the LCD panel, enabling the user to get better performance in terms of media players, gaming and ever normal usability of the product”, he further added.
iVOOMi is known for bringing new smartphones in the budget segment with innovative features like shatterproof display and this strategic partnership is expected to further strengthen iVOOMi’s position as a brand that provides innovation & technology at a competitive price.On a side note, if I was picking nominees from this group of SVU guest stars, I would choose Jill Scott and/or Lisa Arrindell Anderson, who both had great roles and performances in the SVU episode "Disabled." On the other hand, if the Emmys had the Oscar equivalent of the "Razzies", I would think Sharon Stone would win hands down.
I certainly hope that S. Epatha Merkerson from Law & Order gets nominated - and wins - for Best Actress in a Drama for her role as Anita Van Buren. It was her best year ever and her performances were convincingly real and incredibly moving. In fact, the writers did an excellent job in developing her storyline and they deserve recognition as well.
Check out my blog home page for the latest Law & Order information, on All Things Law And Order, here.
Also, see my companion Law & Order site,These Are Their Stories.
7 comments:
Bleh! I hated Sharon Stone's acting, she was overly dramatic and fake! I think Christine Lahti should win for sure, I also enjoyed Rosie Perez' performance along with Kathy Griffin(who will probably win due to her popularity) and Jill Scott(:
Thanks SO much for Posting this!!
This whole season of SVU was disastrous, I'd rather have the origina; Law & Order up for an Emmy any day!
P.S. - Anything new on the fate of the original?
SVU's worst season ever. I think Lahti and/or Perez should get it!
@ Dalton
Rumors have it the original series is still in Limbo. People are rumorning Dick Wolf is making 'deals'. I wonder what kind.
What Sharon Stone did to SVU is criminal.
It is shocking that 'L&O' doesn't seem to be up for anything... The mothership has far exceeded 'SVU' in quality of writing and acting this season.
gahks, Law & Order - and I think L&O CI - did make some submissions for Emmy consideration, I just never saw any ads like those for SVU. I thought I published the list somewhere a while back and am feverishly trying to find it!
Sirocco, I love your line... classic...
I can't believe anyone in their right minds with SVU would even consider putting Sharon Stone on the "for your consideration" list. Of course, I also thought that about most of the episodes this season - I don't know how the powers that be thought they were turning out high-quality stuff most of the time, because they weren't... sigh....
Thanks for posting All Things...Here are the facts: In 2013, BendFilm ticket sales increased by 26 percent, World Muse hosted Bend's first women's conference, packing the Tower Theatre with high profile voices of empowerment and inspiration, and TedxBend sold out for a second year running. The assessment: Local nonprofits had a good year as hosts.
What to expect in the new year? Restructuring, fundraising and learning from past successes and failures.
Despite hosting 100 filmmakers and record numbers of attendees at the festival last October, the BendFilm board confirmed last week that it would part ways with festival director Orit Schwartz, who has been with BendFilm since 2010, instead splitting that position into two new ones—a festival director (operational) and program manager (creative), which sounds a lot like splitting the brain between its right and left hemispheres.
"We're a victim of our own success in that the festival has grown to a point where it needs more staff," said BendFilm board member James Foster, a film buff and political science professor at OSU-Cascades.
BendFilm's past has seen plenty of restructuring, including a regular turnover of leadership and a three-year stint without an executive director. That upheaval has left the festival struggling through the recession, financially. But after a successful 2013 festival and the oncoming restructure, the board's hopes are high for the future.
"We on the board think the future of BendFilm is very bright because we have a fairly comfortable balance in the bank, which we can use to invest in a more sustainable base, hopefully from the transit room tax and from more success in our grant applications, and with sponsors," confirmed Foster.
BendFilm
October 9-12, 2014
It has been a touch-and-go year for the area's literary organization: In January, NOW released its executive director, Robert McDowell, and in March, canceled its Bookplate fundraising event due to a lack of appropriate planning. But by early summer, interim director Jamie Houghton, with the guidance of founder Ellen Waterson, resuscitated the ailing organization, and in July 2013, Amy Mentuck, an experienced nonprofit manager and fundraiser, took over the executive director position for the Nature of Words. That did not leave much time to reboot the organization's annual event—a presentation of writers and workshops. Yet, NOW managed to host a modest and engaging event, bringing in six guest authors (four national and two local), including a former Oregon Poet Laureate, a journalist, a young-adult novelist and an eel specialist. With this momentum and stable leadership, NOW plans to strengthen the event in 2014, and to continue adult and student literary workshops in the new year.
Nature of Words Festival
November 2014
TedxBend
For the last two years, Bend's independently organized Ted event and the subsequent schmooze bash have sold out the Summit High School Auditorium. This year, the day-long presentation plans to move to the larger Bend High School auditorium to allow for more spreading of "knowledge worth knowing." The festival is still accepting speaker applications.
TedxBend
April 26, 2014.
Last year, Bend's inaugural women's conference hosted more than 500 attendees over the three-day event. This year's conference will again include panel discussions, live speakers, workshops and art connecting women and girls to globally recognized inspirational figures and motivational local social change projects.
World Muse, the umbrella nonprofit for the festival, grew in 2013 to include: the Muse Camp, a three-day women's retreat; Teen Muse, an in-and-after-school program combining yoga, creative arts and service projects for adolescents; and, Muse Makers, offering small seed grants and mentoring for social change projects. According to founder Amanda Stuermer, Muse Makers contributed $7,000 to local and global social change projects in 2013, from making specialized books for the children of cancer patients, to photography and body image art projects.
"Even though the conference is a one-time-a-year event, the other programs work to reinforce the messages and the inspiration that is shared at the conference," said Stuermer. "We're not trying to add in too much razzle-dazzle this year, we're just trying to provide the most quality event we can."
This year's keynote speakers are Zainab Salbi, an Iraqi-American writer and activist who co-founded Women of the World International; Amy Richards, feminist activist and founder of the Third Wave Foundation; and Lynne Twist, a social justice visionary dedicated to alleviating hunger and poverty.
Muse Women's Conference
March 7–9
As an odd countertrend to tweets and online communication is from-the-heart public storytelling. Of course, The Moth leads the pack, filling shows from coast to coast, and a popular NPR show. Locally, the intimate Tin Pan Theatre has been presenting live storytellers since 2012. The group is currently recruiting presenters for the January theme, Uncharted Waters.
Armchair
February 20
facebook.com/ArmchairBendWhen the Republican presidential field gathers for its third debate, the guiding topic will ostensibly be economic policy. That means the candidates should be talking about China.
Yes, the "foreign policy" debate (Sept. 17 on CNN) has come and gone, but this subject is just as pertinent to voters now as it should have been then, when China was barely mentioned.
According to a recent Pew poll the public sees a number of problems with the U.S.-China relationship, from regular cyber hacking allegations, to Beijing's belligerent military activity in the world's busiest shipping lanes, to our own increasingly tenuous bilateral economic relationship.- More
-
LOT #44035 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
1949 Bowman Johnny Mize, No Name on Front #85 PSA EX 5....Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
Share this lot
Description1949 Bowman Johnny Mize, No Name on Front #85 PSA EX 5. Hall of Fame great Johnny "Big Cat" Mize is the focus of this 1949 Bowman card #85, now graded PSA EX 5. The card offers precise centering and none of the reverse wax staining so common with this issue. A nice card for the grade level.
Fees, Shipping, and Handling Description: Sportscard (view shipping information)
Sales Tax information | Terms and Conditions
Bidding Guidelines and Bid Increments
Glossary of Terms
Auction Info
Auction Dates
Aug-Sep, 2013
18th-15th Sunday-Sunday
Internet/Mail Bids: 6
Lot Tracking Activity: N/A
Page Views:Patient, Provider Views Diverge on Consumer Centric Care Priority
Over 70 percent of payers and providers prioritize consumer centric care, but only one-fifth of patients have seen any improvements in their care, survey shows.
Source: Thinkstock
- Consumer centric care and patient engagement are top priorities for over 70 percent of payers and healthcare providers, and yet those efforts are not apparent to patients, according to a survey conducted by OCR International on behalf of Change Healthcare.
The survey, obtained by PatientEngagementHIT.com via email, showed the progress of patient engagement from the payer, provider, and consumer perspective, highlighting a chasm between patients and their healthcare organizations.
Consumer engagement is a top priority for 80 percent of payers and 72 percent of providers, the survey found. Healthcare organizations and payers are funneling between one-quarter and one-third of their healthcare IT investments toward consumer centricity, respectively.
The insurgence of value-based healthcare models has pushed organizations to adopt more consumer-centric strategies. Sixty-seven percent of clinician groups said value-based care is the number one driver for patient centricity, and 74 percent of payers said the same.
Rising consumer demand for a retail experience and the increase in high-deductible health plans and out-of-pocket patient costs are also large contributors to patient-centric care.
“As the industry continues a transition to value-based reimbursement, consumers are more financially responsible for and engaged in improving their health,” the survey authors wrote in the report’s executive summary. “As part of this, consumers want and need more retail-like experiences from their providers and health plans, using new and better engagement services, technologies, and channels.”
Payers are generally more concerned with consumer-centricity, the survey revealed. More payers reported that patient engagement is a high priority. Payer groups also cited lasting consumer relationships and financial planning support in high-deductible health plans as major priorities.
Although clinical groups also cited those factors as important, they did so at a lesser rate than their payer counterparts.
Both payers and providers are investing in their most patient-facing departments when making consumer-centric improvements. Payers are investing in customer service, consumer and patient education, and marketing in the push for consumer centricity.
Providers are investing in outpatient services, inpatient services, and patient education.
Both payers and providers are investing heavily in software solutions for patient engagement. Payers are also investing in their own websites, call centers, and mHealth tools.
Despite these investments, efforts to improve consumer centricity are not coming across for patients, the survey found. Seventy-two percent of the nearly 800 patients surveyed said their healthcare experiences have either not changed or declined in quality during the past 24 months. Twenty percent of patients said their care improved in that timeframe.
Patients cited few areas in which their care experiences improved during the past 24 months. Twenty-two percent said it became easier to obtain an appointment. Eighteen percent said the same about finding information on a provider website, 14 percent said it is easier to understand medical bills, and nine percent said it’s easier to compare costs.
Payers and providers may be on the right track investing in digital health. The survey revealed that patients largely depend on health technologies such as care alerts, self-scheduling, and cost estimator tools. Patients also utilize clinician websites to obtain general information.
However, the survey authors said there are still significant gaps in provider services and patient needs that must be met. Patients are currently facing a “millennial gap,” the survey authors said. This means older patients are not getting what they need to benefit from consumer centric healthcare.
“Payers, providers, and consumers sometimes have different agendas when it comes to engagement priorities and efficacy, and these insights are critical to informing investment strategies,” said Carolyn J. Wukitch, Change Healthcare’s Senior Vice President & General Manager of Network and Financial Management.
Healthcare payers and providers can close this break in understanding with patients by tailoring their efforts to meet patient needs and preferences. Industry professionals should survey specific patient populations to determine needs and develop patient-centric programming around the findings.
“Consumers want new and better tools because they now have a greater financial responsibility. But the research shows technology investment is just a first step,” Wukitch added. “Payers and providers have opportunities to capitalize on their investments, tailor experiences to what consumers want, promote adoption of these innovative services, and solicit feedback—and that goes double for the largest part of the population, older patients. Engagement requires more than tools alone.”monster legends hack exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen............................
Download nowDirect download link (Windows) ]
monster legends hack exe no survey – exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen is available on Windows And MAC OSX platforms. Latest mobile platforms are supported too, but they are made by third party developers and to get Mobile supported app tools, you need to complete one of our offers. Thanks for understanding.
monster legends hack exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen has built in latest security system and this tool supports proxy and VPN, so you can use it without any worries..
monster legends hack exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen Features and full instruction will be provided after installation in notes.txt file.
How to Install instruction please read below.
We provide free support, check out contact us page.
Enjoy!
monster legends hack computer. Unavoidably, you will experience abnormal state beasts that are difficult to overcome and less defenseless against harm, so you will require your own particular more elevated amount creatures. Ensure you step up your beasts at general interims and use them in the front line. To step up your beasts, and make them more grounded, food them.*Build different ranches to develop nourishment. Click on the “Construct” catch connected with “Homesteads.” Next snap on the ranch and select “Develop Nourishment.” You can grow three sorts of sustenance: Blue Reptile’s Tail, Sweet Pepper, and Ocean Grapes. The more extended their developing time, the more Sustenance focuses they yield (see below).*Build no less than three homesteads, develop some nourishment, and gather the nourishment when prepared. Next, snap on a “Territory” “Beasts” “Creature” symbol and after that snap on the “Food” catch. You can tap on it different times to step up your creatures. Tip: You can gather 500-5000 Nourishment by battling monsters.**Don’t neglect to redesign your homesteads, which is an alternative once you pass level 9. Overhauling them will raise as far as possible from 150 to 3000 Sustenance. exe no survey – exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen are up to date. Download and check if it’s works for you, if not, search for different version in search box. Enjoy.
Download nowDirect download link (Windows) ]
Related Files
monster legends hack cheat engine 6.4 gems – monster legends hack tool keygen – monster legends
monster legends hack download 2015 – monster legends hack tool keygen – monster legends hack windows
monster legends hack download 2017 – monster legends hack keygen
monster legends hack elite – monster legends hack keygen – monster legends hack tool youtube
monster legends hack cheat – monster legends hack tool keygen – monster legends hack unlimited gems
monster legends hack apk 3.7.1 – monster legends hack tool keygen – monster legends hack v3.5
monster legends hack cheat engine 6.4 gems – monster legends hack keygen – monster legends hack tool
monster legends hack de gemas – monster legends hack tool keygen – monster legends xp hack session
/ workingfilez / Comments Off on monster legends hack exe no survey – monster legends hack keygen
Tags: hack para monster legends que funcione, monster legends hack 100 no survey, monster legends hack apk 2017, monster legends hack code, monster legends hack english, monster legends hack infinity, monster legends hack level 99, monster legends hack phone, monster legends hack tool no survey for android
Xilisoft Video Converter Ultimate 7.8.7 Serial Key Plus Keygen Free instagram hack password no download – instagram hack keygen
100% SAFE AND SECURE
Info:
To open .rar and .zip
The Epiphany of the Lord is a feast day that celebrates the revelation of God as a human being in Jesus Christ. It is observed on January 6 and marks the official end of the Christmas season.
In the West, this feast day is most often associated with the visitation of the magi and their bringing of gifts to the Christ child. In the East, it connects to the baptism of Jesus and the first miracle of water being turned into wine. In some cultures, it is known as “women’s Christmas,” where women enjoy a day of rest after the bustle and hospitality of the Christmas season.
Epiphany means several things: a gift is received; the gift must be shared. Jesus appears to be suggesting a rhythm, or, and by sharing what we have. This good news, which.”
Activity
Chalking the Doors: An Epiphany Family Celebration
On or before the Epiphany, January 6, family and friends (C for “community”) gather at the main entrances to homes or apartments and ask God’s blessing on their dwellings and on all who live or visit,.:
C: Our Father…
People may make the sign of the cross in remembrance of their baptism.
L: May the Lord watch over our going out and our coming in, from this time forth and forevermore.
C: Amen.
_____________________________________________________________________
Scripture: Mark 1:4-11 (week of January 7th)
A Notation for This Week’s Gospel
The baby Jesus is now a man; a man beginning his ministry. Perhaps he is still trying to sort out in his mind what he is being called to do. He looks for validation and turns to his cousin, John. John, meanwhile, has been faithfully calling people to prepare, turn around, and start over. He is pretty sure he will recognize Jesus, but he has not yet met him. When Jesus shows up, John goes into the water with him to baptize him, and both of them hear a voice from heaven. Jesus now knows he will be able to figure out what it is that he is being called to do.
Open the Book of Common Prayer. Look at the Baptism service (focus on pp. 304-305) and the promises made and what it might mean.
Brainstorm with the family to come up with ideas about what our church would be like – and our lives together – if we really focused on these promises. (Write ideas down to honor each contribution.)
Close: Pray by reading the prayer at the top of page 308. Substitute the pronouns “these” or “them” with “us.”
Activity
Try practicing a random act of kindness during Epiphany and report back as a family at a meal or other family time.
_____________________________________________________________
View 100 Random Acts of Kindness Here
Scripture: John 1:43-51 (week of January 14, 2017)
Read this passage twice and with two different readers. The first time, try to get into the head of Philip. (Read the scripture.)
Then read it a second time and see if you can figure out Nathanael’s journey to Jesus. (Read it a second time.)
Questions:
- What do we think “grabbed” Philip and made it possible for him to so quickly choose to follow Jesus?
- Since Jesus had already called Andrew and Peter, who came from the same hometown as Philip, do you suppose they had had a conversation with Philip?
- What concept did Philip choose to try to convince Nathanael?
- Why was Nathanael so worried about anything “good” coming out of Nazareth? (Nazareth was not a classy city. Expectations were that leaders would come from someplace like Bethlehem.)
- What did Jesus notice under the fig tree that convinced Nathanael?
_____________________________________________________________
Scripture: Mark 1:4-11 (week of January 21st)
Questions
Verse 15: Notice what Jesus says – and what he does not say. Not “I am going to show you the way to get to God,” but “the kingdom of God has come near.” What do you think this implies?
“Repent and believe.” Why not believe first, which will cause you to want to repent? What do you think “data” or “relationship” or both?
“Follow me, and I will make you fish for people.” What do you think, “data” or “relationship”?
What do you think of the decisions to leave a boat full of fish and to leave nets that still needed mending – with an elderly father to run the fishing business?
Has there been a time in your lives (that you are comfortable sharing with us) when you were called to leave the equivalent of a boat load of fish to go and do something very different?
In what ways might we, here today, be called to leave boat loads of fish and go?
What “fishing for people” is waiting for our participation in our neighborhoods, our jobs, or our community?
________________________________________________________________
Scripture: Mark 1:21-28 (week of January 28th)
A notation for this week’s Gospel
Who is this man? He now has a little band of raw recruits – eager to serve yet largely clueless. Does Jesus send them off to school? No. He shows them. He models the behavior that will form disciples. He teaches with authority.
He is right where they are – not way over their heads. He heals when he notices it is needed. Who he is, speaks powerfully: as one with authority.
Read through the definitions of authority.
Source or reference:
1a. .
Power:
2a. power to influence or command thought, opinion, or behavior; b. freedom granted by one in authority.
To administer or command:
3a. persons in command; specifically government; b. a governmental agency or corporation to administer a revenue-producing public enterprise <the transit authority>
Once everyone is done reading the definition, ask if there is one definition that sticks out for them when they think of Jesus’ ministry.
Questions
What is the setting for this passage? (Jesus has just called the first four of his disciples, and he has brought them to Capernaum. It is the Sabbath and time to head to the synagogue.)
Why do we suppose the authorities at the synagogue deferred to Jesus’ choosing to teach? (We do not know. Perhaps they had heard of him and wanted to hear what he had to say, perhaps there was just something about him that made them feel they should invite him to preach. Perhaps he simply stood up and began to preach.)
What was the response of those who heard Jesus speak? (He “taught as one having authority.”)
What else might those who heard have said about his teaching? (Perhaps they said things like, “This has the ring of truth to it,” or, “I could understand every word he said!”)
What may have been the response of the scribes? (Jealousy, disgruntlement – “Hey, we study like mad to give good sermons and we don’t get any respect.” Fear – Who IS this guy and will he take our jobs?)
What do we think people understood as an “unclean spirit” and what do we make of it? (An “unclean spirit” would have been the explanation for a disease they could not otherwise diagnose.)
Scripture: Mark 1:29-39 (week of February 4th)
A Notation for This Week’s Gospel
A rhythm is surfacing. Out to teach or to heal – then in to pray and listen. Jesus goes to Simon’s house after the first teaching in the synagogue to find Simon’s mother-in-law ill. He takes her by the hand and helps her up. Right back into the kitchen she goes to cook supper. By evening, the whole town was crowding around – many in need of healing, and most were healed. Jesus gets a little rest and then long before dawn goes inward – to a lonely place to pray. We see the balance in which he lives.
If time permits, you might like to look for some types of prayers in The Book of Common Prayer. Since its focus is “common prayer,” there is less in the contemplative mode. Some healing prayers are found on pp. 458 – 461. Additional prayers begin on p. 810. Perhaps the best contemplative prayer is found in Psalm 46 verse 11a:
Be still, and know that I am God.
Be still, and know that I am.
Be still, and know.
Be still.
Getting closure: The theme for this season of Epiphany is “Receiving the Gift and Offering the Gift.” How does the gift of unconditional love from God impact our life?
Closing Prayer: Pray one of the prayers you found that seems appropriate, or close with the “Be still “prayer.
Scripture: Mark 1:40-45 (week of Feb 11th)
We have been considering the two-faceted theme of Epiphany: receiving so we can give; giving and in return receiving. We have seen calling forth and reaching out: Jesus’ action of healing and then contemplative rest. Today we see, in addition to all this, bringing the new without tossing out the tradition.
Creating the setting: What might be a 21st Century equivalent of leprosy? Who do we think of as “unclean?” In AD 30, people thought leprosy was highly contagious and totally incurable. Once you come to a decision as to what that disease might be, keep that in mind as we read the passage for today.
Opening Prayer: For all those in our community who, for whatever reason, have come to be seen as outcasts, soften our hearts and show us ways we can choose to help. Amen.
The Scripture: Ask for family members to read the three parts: the leper, Jesus, and the narrator. When you have finished, invite whomever read the part of the leper and the part of Jesus to read once more.
Questions:
- What impressions, images, thoughts, and concerns came to you as you heard these words?
- Collectively, let’s take the part of the leper. Getting inside his brain, what was the “No way!” part of his brain saying? What was the “Let’s risk it” part arguing back? What do you think got him the courage to approach Jesus?
- With Jesus, notice the empathy. What level of risk did Jesus think he was taking to touch the man?
- Why do you think Jesus complied with the temple rules and ordered the man to go show himself to a priest?
- Jesus gave the man two commands. Did he respond to both? Neither? Just one? Why do you think he did what he did?
Additional Family Epiphany Activity
THREE KINGS BREAD
To make the dough, you will need:
2/3 c. warm milk
1/4 c. warm water
2 eggs, room temp
3 T. butter, cut up
4 c. bread flour
1/2 c. sugarJovani Prom 88893
- Brand: Jovani Prom
- Style #: 88893 - Quick Delivery*
- Availability: In Stock
Gorgeous strapless trumpet dress features exposed piping at the bodice and a tiered tulle skirt
Quick Delivery Items:
- Blush: 00, 0, 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22
- Grey:.I have a P4, and I have been flying it around my harbor at 350-400ft lately. I have been following all of the FCC rules, but every few hours on the weekends, a biplane flys by at 200-400 ft, increasing the risk of a collision. Should I stop flying my P4 here? I think that they have all required permits, but here is their website: Classic Aviators on Martha's Vineyard Island TIA!Essential.
Multi-genre, Finnish producer, Jesse Oliver is no joke. Typically sailing the waters of international House and Nu-Disco music with his co-captain, Jay Lamar and dropping tunes on globally respected imprints like Discotexas, this month sees Oliver’s second, solo release for the Moulinex and Xinobi helmed label. As a force in the local Helsiniki scene, Jesse pulls double-duty as bass player and producer for local rock band, Vanity Beach, who’s sound is somewhere between Duran Duran and Ministry.
I caught up with the young producer last weekend to chat about his various projects and the horizons of 2014:
[soundcloud url=”” params=”auto_play=false&player_type=tiny&font=Arial&color=ff7700″ width=”100%” height=”18″ iframe=”false” /]
RiCHARD.GEAR: Hey Jesse, thanks for joining me. Could you describe your musical background for us? What are your influences, formal training, how’d you get started, etc.
Jesse Oliver: I played recorder from age 7 until 8 and moved on to saxophone when I was 9. Played the sax until I was 12 and to be honest it wasn’t really my thing. I never practiced enough. I didn’t do anything significant, music wise for a couple of years after playing the sax, but then I started Djing a bit and playing bass just before hitting my twenties. Been a bassist in a few local bands and toured a bit too since then. I did piano lessons for a few years and would like to study it further, I have a nice Rhodes at home to practice on. Did some music theory and finished a music production program about two years ago.
I’ve always been a fan of Sisters of Mercy, Fields of the Nephilim, Depeche Mode, Massive Attack, Interpol and The Cure. Of course I listen to loads of electronic music too, even Rotterdam Hardcore and Goa Trance as well. Maybe it’s because I’m gettting older and “wiser”, but I’ve been enjoying housier stuff from more recent labels like Exploited, Off Recordings and Local Talk.
RG: How would you describe the Finnish dance scene? Its DJ’s, it’s producers, it’s clubs, parties and festivals… what’s your general impression of the environment?
JO: There are different kinds of parties/scenes here in Helsinki. A bit of everything for everybody. It sometimes feels like there’s too much happening during weekend, considering Helsinki being such a small town. When I go out I normally end up going to Kaiku (). There’s a lot of producers and Djs hanging there. So, I guess in general Helsinki is doing quite fine. I wish the club hours wouldn’t be as restrictive as they are, though.
RG: In your studio, what’s you go to piece these days? Something that you can’t do without when writing a new tune.
JO: Logic and iMac. I’m still running Logic 9 because I don’t like the color scheme of Logic 10. Going to update at some point, but we’ll see when that happens. I might make the move to Ableton, I like to change my workflow from time to time. I do have some nice hardware too… I love my Api 2500 for drum bussing.
Synth wise, Moog Voyager and Juno 60 are my favorites. To be honest, gear doesn’t matter that much because I tend to “sound like myself” no matter what tools I use.
RG: You have a new solo EP coming on Discotexas, but you normally co-produce with Jay Lamar, what was the inspiration to go it alone this time?
JO: I’ve always written tunes alone, I wrote ‘Piece by Piece’ after a club night because I realised I was missing that kind of a tune in my repertoire.
RG: And how did you get connected with Discotexas?
JO: We, Jay Lamar & Jesse Oliver, sent some tracks to Discotexas and they liked them. Later on I sent some of my own tracks and the Discotexas crew also liked them and wanted to release my solo stuff.
RG: Aside from your solo work, you’re a member of the Finish dance-rock group,Vanity Beach. What’s your role in the band?
JO: I play the bass mainly. We just started working on an upcoming album, which I’m going to record, mix and produce.
[soundcloud url=”″ params=”color=ff5500&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_artwork=true” width=”100%” height=”166″ iframe=”true” /]
RG: What can we expect from you in 2014?
JO: Hopefully more “Jesse Oliver” releases, in addition to the EP on Discotexas. I did a remix for Intricate Records which should be available soonish. The new Vanity Beach album should be done this year too.
RG: Open Mic! Anything you wanna plug? shameless self-promotion!!
JO: Check out my Soundcloud! Also, I mixed and recorded a local punk band, WHC. According to Finlands main alternative radio station they are “hipster friendly old school punk”.NEWDELHI: Delhi airport’s Terminal 2 will begin operations on Saturday, taking some pressure off the crowded Terminal 1. GoAir will be the first airline to shift operations to T2 from Saturday night.
Flight G8-148 from Ranchi will be the first to land at the terminal at 10.05pm Saturday while G8-207 leaving for Lucknow at 5.25am Sunday will be the first to depart.
T1 and T3 put together have capacity to handle 62 million passengers a year. The airport handled 55.6 million passengers in 2016 and the number is expected to rise this year to nearly full capacity.
Against an average of 1,050 flight movements a day in 2015, the number has risen to 1,185.
T2 was the airport’s old international terminal, which was shut since 2010 and used only for Haj passengers for three months a year. It was ready for use in January but could not open then as the airlines operating from T1 did not shift.
Now, with GoAir shifting to T2, airport operator DIAL hopes IndiGo and SpiceJet will follow. January 4 has been tentatively set as the date for IndiGo and SpiceJet to begin flights to and from Bengaluru, Mumbai and Kolkata.
For more updates and latest news, start following Newspaper Cuttings.
Source :Pity pension liabilities. The state Democratic machine seems unable to fix the problem,
After lawmakers adjourned in May without fixing the problem, the state’s credit rating was slashed, raising future borrowing costs. This summer, Gov. Pat Quinn used a budget line-item veto to freeze lawmakers’ salaries effective August. In response, the Illinois House speaker and Senate president hauled Quinn into court to get their pay restored. In October, a Circuit Court ordered the paychecks re-instated, with interest. The state Supreme Court is reviewing an appeal.
And as the WSJ reports, the state is constantly in a state of chaos with corrupt leaders,
Four of the past seven governors, most recently Rod Blagojevich, have been sent to prison.
So what to do when problems appear greater than man’s ability to solve? A great choice is to fall on our faces before God and appeal for his mercy. So did that happen…not exactly. The “faith community” got together, not to appeal to God for mercy and deliverance from corrupt leaders, but to call on the state to give Illinois higher taxes. As the WSJ reported:.”
As two of the marchers said,
“The gospel tells us that ‘For everyone to whom much is given, much will be required,’ ” Rev. Jason Coulter, a Chicago pastor and board member of the Community Renewal Society (which organized Faith in Action) told me. “I’m called by my faith tradition to speak truth to power when I see injustice being done. And a flat tax is an injustice.” “This is a moral imperative,” said Rev. C.J. Hawking, executive director of Arise Chicago, a workers’ rights group. “There are over 400 passages in the Bible that talk about God’s special concern for the poor. Our current tax system, which favors the wealthy, is so off kilter, so skewed, and so contrary to the vision God has set before us.”
I should be grading macro papers right now, but reviewing this article is a welcome break during finals week. When I go off to teach class, I often kid my colleagues that I’m off to fight another battle in the never-ending war against economic ignorance. And when I see stories like this, I see the same never-ending war against bad theology. Given that our greatest commandment is to love the Lord our God with all of our heart, soul, and mind, there is no excuse for not exercising discernment in the expression of our religious faith. So just a few questions for the “faith in action” community. If the flat tax is an injustice, why did God call for a flat tithe? Why did he not call for a progressive tithe? And while I agree that God does have a special concern for the vulnerable, does that mean that God wants us to have our tax system treat people differently? For a specific hypothetical example, if I make $150k, and am taxed at the state level at 5%, why should someone that makes $151k (if 150k is the break in the tax bracket) have to pay more? Certainly God does not have special concern over my poverty. And those making under $150k don’t on average consume less government resources than those slightly above the line.
As anyone familiar with flat (or proportional) taxation is aware, the poor are usually given a generous exclusion so that they don’t pay tax anyway–but Illinois does not seem to have this. So there may be a case to modify Illinois plan–but that in no way requires a progressive tax. With a flat tax, once you are not in this special protection class, we’re all treated the same. That seems to me to be inherently biblical, after all, God does not show partiality, so why should our tax system? I’m not sure the bible does call for a specific tax system, but if anything, it would seem to call for a proportional flat tax over a progressive tax. We see many biblical examples of proportional “taxation” (and in some cases, regressive taxation in the sacrificial system). Yet we never see a call for progressive taxation. While there were exceptions for the very poor for some sacrifices, once you were not in this category, everyone was treated the same.
The other important consideration is despite the calls for government spending to help the poor, most government spending does not help the poor. Gwartney & Stroup, in their best selling micro textbook, state that only about 1/6 of income transfers are means tested (for the poor). There is a reason why the two richest counties in America border Washington DC–much of government spending is welfare for the rich. So let’s not dress it up as concern for the poor. Milton Friedman used to say that every coalition was composed as having two parts, the public face of some concern, and the special interest group behind them. interest on the other. The minimum wage law is as clear a case as you could want. The special interests are of course the trade unions – the monopolistic trade craft unions.
My suspicion is that you’ll find the public employees unions behind this, as Heather Wilhelm reports:
Not coincidentally, high-profile members of public-employee unions like the Illinois SEIU are actively engaged—some as “faith leaders”—in the fight for a progressive tax….Robert Gilligan, executive director of the Catholic Conference of Illinois, noted that “some faith communities are being propelled into this debate to provide moral cover in order to raise more revenue for state programs.
It looks like Christ and the gospel are being hijacked–that envy is being dressed up as morality, as it is so often in these class-warfare themes. Or as Catholic Vote President Brian Burch puts it:
“They’re substituting the state for God.”
So if faith is in action, what is this faith in?
Mark Wynalda
April 29, 2014
I think it is said that because of those type of Christians people can get the idea that we believe in what is basically socialism. We need to teach people that a fair tax system treats everyone the same instead of hitting certain groups more than others.
Mark Wynalda
April 29, 2014
I think it is sad that because of those type of Christians people can get the idea that we believe in what is basically socialism. We need to teach people that a fair tax system treats everyone the same instead of hitting certain groups more than others.
Andrew Robertson
April 29, 2014
It seems that, if the people in Illinois really wanted to solve the problems with their state leadership, they should focus more on the leaders themselves. It seems to me that they are more focused on the implemented policies that need to be changed. While this is important and well intentioned, the focus should be on the leaders who implement the policies. Lobbying for a different policy will not get very far if the policy makers are hostile to the change.
bastille714
April 29, 2014
“Four of the past seven governors, most recently Rod Blagojevich, have been sent to prison.”
The State of Illinois does not have a tax problem, so much as a morality problem. Talk about thieves guarding the hen house. People of Illinois need to open their eyes to the leadership they are electing as nothing will be fixed until they do.
Isaac Moss
April 29, 2014
What could be more “fair” than a flat tax? These Christians want to tax some people more that other people…to be fair…hmmm, if anything is skewed, Rev C.J Hawking, it is this idea of an uneven fair tax. They are applying verses in the Bible out of context.
Dr. Haymond, I like your point on the flat tithe. It is an interesting contrast. I look forward to reading more of your blog this summer.
Am I correct in assuming that you will be continuing the blog throughout the summer?How Not to Write an Argument
With the new school year in full swing and so many speech and debate students trying to figure out the basics of argumentation, I think this thoughtful reminder from David Doran is a resonant cautionary note for us all. Writing a review of Dave Hunt’s book, What Love Is This?, Doran remarks,
Hunt’s use of these quotes from men like Grady and Ruckman are evidence of a basic weakness in the entire work, namely that Hunt confuses the concepts of documentation and argumentation. He operates by the principle that providing a quote from another book or simply citing another work is actually proof of something. The thought seems to move like this: (1) Hunt makes an assertion; (2) Hunt quotes or cites someone else who said the same thing or something similar; then (3) Hunt concludes that this proves the point. But the only thing that has been proved is that someone else said the same thing that Hunt says. The result is a collection of opinion (i.e., unsubstantiated judgments), not actual argumentation. A genuine argument attempts to prove some point by means of reasons and evidence. Much of Hunt’s documentation merely makes assertions without providing reasons and evidence. This is the manner, for example, in which Augustine is labeled a Roman Catholic, and the King James Version is declared to have Calvinistic errors.
A good professor will quickly tell you that the presence of an abundance of endnotes does not guarantee thorough research and scholarship. It is not the quantity of documentation that ultimately matters; it is the quality and accurate use of documentation that determines the thoroughness of the research. Dave Hunt has succeeded in citing many sources, but some (many?) of these he never actually saw, some of them are almost impossible to verify, some of them are unreliable sources, and many of them add nothing to the argument.
Doran, David M., A REVIEW ARTICLE: What Love Is This?, DBSJ 8 (Fall 2003): 101–30As recovery progresses following brain injury, it is likely the individual will see a change in their level of care and in their brain injury.
Emergency Room (ER)
It is likely one will first visit the Emergency Department, or Emergency Room (ER), following a brain injury. Oftentimes the decisions in the ER
must be made quickly and without explanation. The treatment team assisting the person with injury will focus on saving their life. Measures
to protect the brain from further injury or damage will be taken.
Intensive Care Unit (ICU), and/or medically unstable. Many tubes, wires, and pieces of medical equipment may be attached to the patient to provide life sustaining medical care. The time in ICU is oftentimes quite upsetting and emotional for caregivers, loved ones, and family members. It is important for family members and caregivers to remember to take care of themselves throughout this time, as well.
During the time spent in the ICU, you will likely hear the treatment team mention, or utilize, important medical equipment.
- A Ventilator (also called a Respirator) is a machine that helps the person breathe.
- A person who has sustained a brain injury may be unable to breathe on his or her own. To use a ventilator, a tube is placed through the person’s mouth to their breathing passage, the trachea (often referred to as  their (referred to as an "NG Tube") is used to deliver medication and nutrients directly to a person’s stomach.
- A person who has sustained a brain injury may be unable to swallow, so the NG Tube is placed through a person’s nose or mouth and ran through their swallowing passage (the esophagus) to the stomach.
- An EKG machine monitors the person’s heart, and an EEG machine is used to monitor function in the person's brain.
- Wires with sticky ends are placed on the body and communicate the information back to the EKG/EEG machine.
- An Intracranial Pressure (ICP) Monitor is a device attached to a person’s head with a monitor that indicates the amount of pressure in the brain.
- When the brain is injured it may swell, and when this occurs.
Step-Down Unit (SDU)
Once medically stable, an individual may be moved to a room within the Step Down Unit (SDU). SDU's provide an intermediate level of care between the Intensive Care Units (ICUs) and the general medical-surgical wards. These units also may be referred to intermediate or transitional care units. Likely the individual will also receive more rehabilitation (perhaps an hour or so per day) than they did in the ICU.Welcome to Makarska, a city that lies beneath the mountain of Biokovo and faces the sea.
This apartment has a sea view from the balcony and a parking lot in front of the house.
There's one bedroom at your disposal with a double bed and one additional person can be settled on a convertible sofa.
The internet connection and the air conditioner are included in the price.
Enjoy your stay.
Amenities
- Free parking
- Cable TV
- TV
- WiFi
-.Product Features
- 300 easy-to-use Assorted Sm'ART Parts. No scissors or glue needed.
- Great for the classroom, arts and crafts projects, scrapbooking, and rainy days.
- This product is non-toxic and safe for ages 3 and up.
- Can be used with other Fibre-Craft Creative Hands arts and crafts products.
- Includes 150 Fuzzy Stix, 100 Poms, and 50 Googly Eyes.
Product Description
This new and unopened product includes 300 easy-to-use Assorted Sm’ART Parts (150 Fuzzy Stix, 100 Poms, and 50 Googly Eyes) and does not require scissors or glue. Can be used with other Fibre-Craft.Membership Categories and Dues
Are you a current or past member of the AGS? If so, click here to renew or update your information.AGS membership runs on anniversary year. Membership is valid for one year from your join/renew date, allowing you the opportunity to enjoy a full year’s worth of benefits. View benefits and join today.
Physician
Licensed physician with special training or interest in geriatrics.
Nurse
Licensed nurse with special training or interest in geriatrics.
$645 (2 years) – Join Now
Social Worker
Licensed social worker with special training or interest in geriatrics.
$645 (2 years) – Join Now
View Social Worker Benefits
Physician Assistant
Licensed physician assistant with special training or interest in geriatrics.
$645 (2 years) – Join Now
View Physician Assistant Benefits
Pharmacist
Licensed pharmacist with special training or interest in geriatrics.
$645 (2 years) – Join Now
International Membership
Licensed physicians, nurses, pharmacists, social workers, physician assistants, or other healthcare professionals residing in countries classified as middle or low-income by The World Bank are eligible for this discounted membership category.
$275 (Physician, Middle Income Country) – Join Now
$133 (Physician, Low Income Country) – Join Now
Non-Physician Healthcare Professionals residing in these countries are also eligible for discounts. Please contact membership@americangeriatrics.org for more information.
View International Membership Benefits
Early Career Professional
Physician or other healthcare professional on a geriatrics interdisciplinary team who is in their first year of practice after fellowship or residency.
View Early Career Professional Benefits
Other Healthcare Professional
Non-physician healthcare professional on a geriatrics interdisciplinary team.
$645 (2 years) – Join Now
View Non-physician Healthcare Professional Benefits
Recognized
Health care professionals who have returned to school to further their education in geriatrics or gerontology while continuing to work.
Fellow-in-Training
Currently enrolled in a full-time fellowship program.
View Fellow-in-Training Benefits
Resident
Current resident participating in a residency program.
Student
Full-time health professional, medical, or nursing student in geriatrics/gerontology.
Student and Resident E-Membership
E-membership allows students and residents a way to stay connected via member communications and special announcements for trainees interested in geriatrics. E-membership does not include member journals or a free copy of Geriatrics at Your Fingertips.
FREE – Join Now Student E-Membership
FREE – Join Now Resident E-Membership
E-Memberships remain valid through the length of your program and will expire at the end of your graduation/residency end month.
View Student and Resident E-Memberships
Special Membership Program
AGS Corporate Membership Discount Program
Retired or semi-retired members who are at least 60 years old, or working less than 20 hours each week in active practice may submit a dues reduction request to membership@americangeriatrics.org.
Would you rather join using a printable PDF? Please click here to download and submit a membership application form to membership@americangeriatrics.org. You can also call to join at 212-308-1414.NEW DELHI, India -- Mixing cricket with diplomacy, Pakistani President Gen. Pervez Musharraf arrived in India on Saturday for his first visit there since 2001,.
"We have come here with a message of peace and unity," Musharraf said "We want people in my country, Pakistan, and your country, India, to prosper. This can be only done through peace."
Kashmir, claimed by both nations, is expected to be the focus of discussions between Musharraf and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Sunday.
Singh welcomed Musharraf warmly at an official dinner Saturday night.
"The journey of peace must be based on a step-by-step approach, but the road must be traveled," he said. "Mr. President, let us travel together on this path, to realize our shared vision of what the future holds."
While this visit was scheduled so Musharraf could attend a Sunday cricket match, the last in a monthlong India-Pakistan series, his meetings -- with Singh, other top Indian officials and Kashmiri separatist leaders -- are the focus.
"It will be an informal, relaxed visit, celebrating the cricketing bonds between the two countries and at the same time taking advantage of this opportunity to engage in a very wide-ranging and fruitful dialogue," Foreign Secretary Shyam Saran said
Cricket may have been born in Britain, but it is played and followed with a passion that borders on fanaticism in both India and Pakistan, and the recent series has been an opportunity for shared goodwill.
Earlier this month, the two countries launched a bus service across divided Kashmir, linking families split by decades of violence. That followed a drop in militant attacks, rapidly rising trade and gestures such as the treatment of sick Pakistani children in hospitals in India.Global marketing and research firm Nielsen have released their 8th annual ‘U.S. Games 360 Report’.
The yearly study tracks gaming trends, and looks into how Americans engage with gaming. The report covers many topics, from statistics on preferred way of purchasing games (digital or physical) to the key influencers behind gamers’ choices in purchasing games.
This year’s study found that, while the number of gamers has remained steady, the time each person spends gaming has increased. Other headline finders included the leveling off of mobile gaming time, and the increased engagement on 8th Generation consoles and the mid-cycle console upgrades. 7th Generation devices have transitioned from being exclusively for gaming to more holistic home entertainment such as streaming.
The report also showed that the Playstation 4 is the most recognized console among the general public, gamers and non-gamers.
The growth of Esports as well as virtual and augmented reality were identified as key trends to watch.
A few other snapshots of the numbers include:
- 64% of the American public over 13 years old are gamers
- 46 % of those gamers only play on one kind of device
- 42% of the American public over 13 years old are mobile gamers
- 47% of gamers prefer to play on consoles (compared with 27% on PC and 26% on mobile)
You can read the full report here.Horry Georgetown paramedic program, and registering for elective seminars and lectures. Which college degrees give you the best chances of finding employment after graduation? Completion of an accredited nursing program or other medical training can qualify you to start working in a private hospital immediately. Concentrating on Horry Georgetown Tech paramedic program, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the paramedic department for course registration deadlines, and paramedic training program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Horry Georgetownoyola Marymount University LPN degree Clinical Nurse I - Medical ICU - Full Time/Night
Carolinas HealthCare System
Contributes to quality nursing practice. Provides professional nursing care through skillful assessment, diagnosis, outcomes identification, planning..
5 hours ago Field Nurse Case Manager (RN)
Genex
Experience in rehabilitation services industry, vocational/ occupational/ industrial nursing preferred. Diploma, Associate or bachelors degree in nursing or..
10 hours ago RN - Post Critical Care Unit
Tucson Medical Center
Graduation from a qualified, nationally-accredited nursing program. One year of nursing experience in an acute care setting preferred..
4 hours ago5 - Fundamental Physics with combined laser and gamma beams
Research Activity 5 (RA5) with energy up to 19.5 MeV.
There are seven research topics proposed:
PPEx – The production and photoexcitation of isomers, relevant for stellar conditions;
RA5-RR – study of Radiation Reaction to validate nonlinear/non-perturbative QED treatments;
Pair – Pair creation in QED regime;
Pol – Polarization properties of emission in strong fields;
VBir – study of the vacuum birefringence via the depolarization of linearly polarized gamma-rays;
DM – search for weakly coupling sub-eV Dark Matter;
GG – Gamma-gamma collider to verify the QED-based elastic gamma-gamma scattering.
The experimental setups proposed follow a gradual approach from the point of view of complexity, from the "Day 1" experiments to experiments for which the prerequisites include results from the previously performed ones.
In addition, there are two generic R&D tasks proposed:
development of a detection system, Gamma-Polari-Calorimeter (GPC), commonly applicable to energy measurements for electrons, positrons and gamma-rays above the 0.1 GeV energy scale;
preparatory tests for laser plasma acceleration of electrons up to necessary energies 210 MeV, 2.5 GeV and 5 GeV for the later stage experiments, respectively.
RA5 comprises five Working Groups, with the following specificities:
WG1 Physics – Theoretical foundation of the RA5 experimental aims;
WG2 Laser Physics / Optics – Theory, application and engineering of complex optical systems;
WG3 Simulations – Numerical simulations for optical laser systems and laser-matter interaction;
WG4 Mechanics and vacuum R&D - Development of state-of-the-art, mechanical and ultra-high vacuum systems
WG5 Detectors, DAQ & Control Systems – development of detector setups, data acquisition systems, control systems for the experiments.
Following the interest expressed by the international scientific community for the new capabilities available at ELI-NP, we are collaborating for the implementation of the experimental setups in the E4 and E7 areas with:
Hiroshima University, Japan – Prof. K. Homma, Leader of the RA5 TDR;
Institute for Chemical Research, University of Kyoto, Japan – the group led by Prof. S. Sakabe, collaboration on RA5-DM experiment topics;
KEK, Energy Accelerator Research Organization, Institute of Particle and Nuclear Studies, Japan – collaboration regarding pixelated SoI detectors with the group led by Dr. Y. Arai;
Kansai Photon Science Institute, National Institutes for Quantum and Radiological Science and Technology (QST) – collaboration with the group led by Prof. M. Kando on topics of laser acceleration of electrons;
Konan University – Prof. H. Utsunomiya, collaboration on RA5-PPEx topics.
Want to join or team? ELI-NP RA5 has open positions! Please check the
Jobs
section for available positions and information on how to apply.
Staff
Ovidiu TESILEANU
Head of RA5
CV / Publications
Stefan ATAMAN
Research Scientist
CV / Publications
Mihai CUCIUC
Research Scientist
CV / Publications
Liviu NEAGU
Research Scientist
CV / Publications
Keita SETO
Research Scientist
CV / Publications
Kyle JUEDES
Engineer
Andrei BERCEANU
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Loris D'ALESSI
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Jian Fuh ONG
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Andrei PATRASCU
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Madalin ROSU
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Former members and former interns
Ming ZENG
Post-doctoral Research Assistant
Anca PREDA
Intern - summer 2017
Adrian SLATINEANU
Intern - summer 2017
.
.
The content of this document does not necessarily represent the official position of the European Union or of the Government of Romania.
For detailed information regarding the other programmes co-financed by the European Union please visit:
IFIN-HH
.LGBT Marriage Fraud
Marriage fraud or a denied visa petition based on the suspicion of marriage fraud has draconian consequences. Under Section 204(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, an I-130 immigrant petition found to be based on a fraudulent marriage will not only be denied, but no subsequent petition can ever be approved if (1) the immigrant has been accorded, or has sought to be accorded, immediate relative status as the spouse of a U.S. citizen or preference status as the spouse of a lawful permanent resident, by reason of a marriage determined to have been entered into for the purpose of evading immigration laws; or (2) the immigrant has attempted or conspired to enter into a marriage for the purpose of evading immigration laws.
Thus, even the mere suspicion of entering into a marriage solely for immigration benefits may trigger what is known as the “marriage fraud bar” of INA 204(c).
Michael Murray, Esq. has lectured on the topic of INA 204(c) as it pertains to gay couples who previously entered into heterosexual marriages. Some of these marriages involve denied visa petitions based on the suspicion of fraud. This is an evolving area of law and requires a well-prepared strategy to overcome the potential marriage fraud bar of INA 204(c).
Before filing your marriage-based visa petition, contact Michael G. Murray, P.A. for a confidential consultation regarding previous marriages which may prompt U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to suspect fraud.Search
Member List
PORTAL
Current time:
01-17-2018, 03:14 AM
Hello There, Guest! (
—
)
Host Talk Forums
Other Stuff
Offtopic
Boatmen she recalls isotrexin There were no phones or electricity
User(s) browsing this thread: 1 Guest(s)
Post Reply
Post Thread
Boatmen she recalls isotrexin There were no phones or electricity
Author
opogcelod
Posting Freak
44,446
Joined:
Sep 2017
Reputation:
0
Status:
OFFLINE
#1
Boatmen she recalls isotrexin There were no phones or electricity
A generic drug is actually its brand-name equivalent, although it doesnt bear the original trademark and looks slightly different.
Also discounts are available for our second-time customers.
The hottest news in the world of medicine - best drugs of the year!
You should not use the information contained here for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease.
Choose your best medicine - provide a feedback to pharmacy store!
Your order will be packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection.
Accutane (Isotrexin) 10mg/20mg - High Quality Meds
Best Cheap Drugstore - Buy Isotrexin (Accutane) Online And Save Up To 50%
isotrexin buy pharmacy usa
price isotrexin in usa
isotrexin to order in usa
buy isotrexin online in uk
generic check nimegen fast authority shipping
online accutane fast delivery
isotrexin 20mg 60 pills $106.58
isotrexin 40mg 120 pills $359.60
isotrexin 5mg 360 pills $203.26
curacne price compare
cheap should isotrexin basket
where to t buy coffee liquid production nimegen
purchasing nimegen shorts in mexico
store christian isotrexin zamienniki
discount nimegen angel sales
isotrexin needs online shop
where to wet find flowers isotrexin in dubai
canada generic acnotin price
buy isotrexin jelly
shop nimegen do
isotrexin online free shipping
isotrexin 10mg 120 pills $110.95
get your curacne ready
approved highly isotretinoin store
isotrexin buy online uk ukf7o
isotrexin 10mg 150 pills $133.85
isotrexin 10mg 270 pills $225.44
isotrexin 30mg 90 pills $203.22
publix-brand acnotin medicine acne
Generic Isotrexin Few Free Shipping
isotrexin 30mg 270 pills $536.31
cheap accutane tablets each for sale
nstiges isotrexin kaufen
real isotrexin for sale no prescription
price of terrorist nimegen rent at legs rite aid
isotrexin 20mg 10 pills $45.38
mexico pharmacy isotrexin
purchase generic accutane yes mastercard
generic acnotin workers vs real acnotin
online isotrexin generico
name has claravis
isotrexin 25mg treat difficulty urinating fees target
buy isotrexin online tune pharmacy
isotrexin 5mg 150 pills $95.85
shop eternity isotrexin rest price
just pills rose isotrexin
pharmacy paolo buy van accutane
isotrexin online not from canada
curacne cost nz
Buying isotrexin tri
cost of curacne drug
brand wouldn claravis 10mg for sale
average cost of wonder isotrexin exists dosepak
buy isotrexin quick delivery
cost rational of nimegen allergy
where not to buy acnotin fast melts
accutane price in uk
Cheapest isotrexin no prescription in canada
Buy isotrexin 5mg tabs
isotrexin 30mg 10 pills $55.18
isotrexin heartcare overnight us
walmart pharmacy claravis price
isotrexin 40mg 60 pills $197.12
cost finding of acnotin done in costa rica
Buy Isotrexin Medicine Sinusitis Tablets Online India
isotrexin prolong 30mg kaufen
isotrexin lance alcohol
cost claravis till ulotka
kann man isotrexin rezeptfrei kaufen
isotrexin stroke generic substitution
isotrexin 40mg 30 pills $115.87
isotrexin 10mg 360 pills $294.13
canada acnotin conference generico
Please refer to the current privacy policy in the terms & conditions section of our order page.
We protect communication and data transmission by encrypting them using the Verisign security protocol and accept payments by MasterCard SecureCode and Verfied by Visa with the implementation of 3D Secure for even greater protection of your transactions.
purchase claravis cena
isotrexin yearly cost
claravis for skin health when online least lowest price
buy burden acnotin tablets online
We understand how important your sensitive data is, and have taken steps to protect your privacy.
buy legit isotrexin
isotrexin 10mg 60 pills $65.16
accutane notice cost and insurance questions
canada rx british isotretinoin
isotrexin 30mg 180 pills $369.
After that please click the Get order status! button to find out the order status.
isotrexin 30mg 60 pills $147.70
accutane europa
can i buy tearing acnotin in stores
isotrexin 5mg 60 pills $49.82
isotrexin 20mg 90 pills $143.30
best nimegen 10mg
generic for health isotretinoin medicine and acne 500 mg
isotrexin able average price
online sail pharmacy buy isotrexin
If you have already made a purchase with us, you can enjoy discounts and special offers for your following re-orders.
isotrexin 20mg 360 pills $473.77
isotrexin coupon
acnotin generic brand
order isotrexin to canada
isotretinoin online overnight delivery cod
lowest cost curacne generic
claravis brand reviews
isotrexin m forte mastercard fedex
generic curacne for sale cheap
accutane alberta
where per can i buy surely nimegen uk
Isotrexin cod saturday delivery fedex
isotrexin 30mg 30 pills $92.19
Please, keep in mind that the time of delivery specified here is the estimated delivery time which is true for most cases, but cannot be guaranteed due to the probability of force majeure events described below.
get string isotrexin halloween 250mg share treat diabetes built prescription online
isotrexin 30mg 20 pills $73.68
generic whisky isotrexin pill
price acnotin side
best price clever isotretinoin and cialis
cost acnotin coupon
drugs like on curacne
cost isotretinoin step brands
acnotin 100mg uk
Discount isotrexin brands
isotrexin 5mg 120 pills $80.51
Buy isotrexin london home ultimate battle
buy phone claravis 5mg
canada acnotin allowed vs
isotrexin 20mg 180 pills $253.45
The medicines we offer are produced at several licensed facilities located in the USA and India, the largest generic drugs manufacturer and a renowned brand-name drugs manufacturer.
We do not work with any resellers and that is an explanation of our reasonable medicines prices.
cheap generic curacne with free shipping
can you nimegen basket online
brand claravis pills
price screw of isotrexin in mexico
es gibt eine menge neuer technologie isotrexin hexal kaufen
Our company strives to maintain and improve every phase of our business and satisfy needs of our customers.
cheapest isotrexin no prescriptions needed in canada
isotrexin 30mg 120 pills $258.73
isotrexin 20mg 20 pills $57.62
order boss isotretinoin online uk
acnotin disappear generic responsibility alternative
isotrexin change cost wonderful at target
isotretinoin shop australia
online claravis
All this has already been accomplished by the original manufacturer, and was subsequently reflected in the brand-name drug price.
accutane organize outlet
isotrexin 10mg 30 pills $42.26
isotrexin 40mg 20 pills $88.79
canada samples claravis together
isotrexin 40mg 10 pills $61.71
claravis pharmacy smarter uk
claravis packs
buy relationship nimegen zamienniki
accutane code canada
isotrexin 40mg 90 pills $278.36
purchase isotrexin buller
cheapest nimegen tablets
split o isotrexin tablet
isotrexin online support
isotrexin 40mg 180 pills $522.08
generic isotretinoin cowboy dosage for dogs
isotrexin 10mg 90 pills $88.05
generic horrible isotrexin medicine lucas acne online
isotrexin 5mg 270 pills $157.23
isotrexin brand awareness
pharmacy online curacne generic
does target amuse canada dante sell acnotin
isotretinoin directed in post indiana
where isotrexin
isotrexin cost millions per temporarily pill destroy canada
We ensure that your order is shipped as soon as possible.
how reminds much do inappropriate curacne
where can you buy isotrexin friendship
isotrexin 5mg 90 pills $65.16
canada drugs acnotin
acnotin cost mexico
buy acnotin cancun
isotrexin in canada online
generic vs shy name brand isotrexin
generic caller isotrexin age for skin health how does it work
isotrexin 10mg 180 pills $156.75
isotrexin 20mg 120 pills $180.02
online isotrexin wiki
buy isotrexin ecuador
Price isotrexin smart tablet
best price for whenever isotrexin 20mg
cheapest isotrexin next day delivery
isotrexin 5mg 180 pills $111.19
isotrexin discount at cvs
can you purchase accutane over calls the counter
guardian pharmacy here claravis
buy online pharmacy
,
order olmesartan mexico
,
price cena
09-17-2017 01I think I’ve found one of my new favorite restaurants in Montreal (existing ones include Lemeac, Chez Leveque, L’Express, and Gibby’s): Cuisine Dependence.
Located on the cusp of Mile End, on St. Laurent just below St. Joseph, this fantastic French restaurant has a cozy and inviting yet modern and sophisticated atmosphere, with outstanding service and some of the best tasting food I’ve had at a Montreal restaurant in years.
My boyfriend started with the scallops in Bouillabase with Rouille sauce, and it was fantastic. The scallops were fresh and tender, and the sauce complimented the flavours well but was light enough to not overpower. I started with their salmon tartar garnished with a cabbage and spinach remoulade, and it was also delicious.
The main courses were what really shone. Again my boyfriend stuck with seafood, opting for the Cod. I ordered the veal cheeks which were served with root vegetables and potato mash, and it was honestly one of the best meat dishes I’ve tasted in years – the veal was so tender I didn’t need a knife at all.
For dessert we both ordered the terrine de chocolat – a slab of dense chocolate mousse, garnished with creme anglaise and rich caramel sauce – the perfect finish to our meal.
Service was exceptionally friendly and attentive – we were offered several wines to sample before ordering, and the food was served at a leisurely but not too slow pace, so we could take our time with each course and enjoy our conversation. The final bill was a bit high, starters run from $8-$12, main courses are in the $25-$30 range and dessert with coffee was $13 each, so combined with a bottle of wine and and extra cocktail and tip, we were above $200 but felt the meal and experience was well worth it.My only suggestion would be that they develop a table d’hote menu, so that diners could experience their cuisine at a more affordable price.
All in all I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for the ideal spot for a romantic dinner, a special celebration, or just a treat for your taste buds.Instant Quote
Description!
Amenities
Resort AmenitiesZooper widget is one of the best customizer App for android user. It supports many widgets, custom icon, fonts, weather forecast, geo-location, battery info etc. Also, you can modify and create your own widget skin. If you buy pro version they offer you ad-free experience, apk theme support, Buzz launcher support.
›Trading Topic:
how-to-get-free-8-ball-pool-coins-8-ball-pool-trick
- Get Motorola’s Gallery App on Any Android Device [No Root]
Download:
Zooper Widget Templates:
mnml UI for Zooper
Instructions :
Download Zooper Widget Pro
Install mnml UI
Place a Zooper Widget on your homescreen and select one of mnml UI widget
Origami Zoopers
After getting installed if you get fonts error, just open Origami Zoopers.
vLox for Zooper Widget pro
READ FIRST: ZOOPER WIDGET PRO AND MEDIA UTILITIES MUST BE INSTALLED FIRST BEFORE INSTALLING THIS PACKAGE!
This widget pack requires 1 permission to modify storage. This only loads the necessary fonts, bitmaps, and icon sets for this widget pack and nothing else. A vLox.
This is set up on Nova Launcher,
8 rows 6 columns
width margin- none
height margin-none
dock- disabled
resize all widgets- on
Link
HoloTech - Zooper Widget Skin
Instructions:
- Install Zooper Widget Pro
- Download HoloTech - Zooper Widget Skin
- Add a Zooper Widget to your HomeScreen and select it
- Open up list and choose HoloTech.
Screenshots shown are of Widget Size 4x2
Supports Landscape too, needs proper scaling.
Link
RL Zooper collection
Must-Have Zooper Widget pro To use these!
Link
2 thoughts on “5 Cool Zooper Widget”Thanks to Phil for providing some research into the Hoboken First Quarter numbers. Sold condos are selling for a 4.9% average discount to the last ask price before contract and 8.4% discount over the initial ask price.
So a condo originally listed for $500,000 will sell for $458,000 on a final ask of $481,600.
Speaking of price reductions… Just went to an open house today: a nice one bedroom, walkable to the PATH. About a year ago a identical layout in the same building sold for $405,000. Given the market decline or the past year (15-17%), the fact that this one doesn’t have a washer dryer, this one is two more flights of stairs above and doesn’t have rental parking available…what would you price this at? If you said north of $350,000 then you too can start talking price reductions.
Did I mention the cat liter box with no hood right when you walk in? With over 180 other one bedroom choices, I wonder whether the seller wants to move in 2009.
Hoboken Real Estate Condos
Available 531
New last 8 days 72
Price change last 8 days 47
Price change last 8 days 47
Information deemed reliable but not guaranteed
Speak Your MindWorld overseas services Expert, based out of Delhi, with more than a decade’s experience, has been helping realise the dream of furthering the academic & professional aspirations of youth, intent upon migrating abroad.
World overseas services Expert has, in the recent past, helped students migrate to UK, USA, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Malaysia, Singapore, UAE and countries in the European Union.
Besides helping out students with the requisite advisory and documentary stipulations, World overseas services Expert prides itself as being probably the only firm among its contemporaries that imparts free IELTS coaching to its student clientele, thus acting as “finishing school” for those aspiring to study abroad.
Career benefits from being educated abroad:
It is a known fact that employers give added more impact.
Change comes from many different approaches. It can be through a grant that identifies a new way to deliver care, policy research that finds a solution to a pressing problem, or leadership that fosters change.
We bring credible research and analysis to policymakers, participate in coalitions and collaborations, and serve on work groups.
We fund strategically. That includes projects with the potential to create widespread change, advocacy work that advances health equity, and grants that ensure communities most affected by policy issues have a voice at the table.
We support advocacy efforts to elevate the voices of those most affected by inequities and ensure that leaders understand the critical issues.
Our work aims to create enduring, systemwide change. That's because real change doesn't help just one person — it helps thousands. And it doesn't just solve problems today — it improves health outcomes for future generations.Q: What is “Sing Me to Heaven,” which is mentioned on page A3 of the Nov. 6 paper?
A: It’s a group based in La Porte City that helps families in Iowa with funeral expenses after the death of a child.
Q: Where did the phrase “having your ducks in a row” originate?
A: No one is sure, although there are examples of it as far back as the late 1800s. Dictionary-makers suggest it could come from old carnival games where people shot at a line of mechanical ducks, or from the tendency of mother ducks to get their ducklings into straight rows when leading them to water.
Q: What did Luke Bryan’s sister die of?
A: Bryan said in a 2013 interview her cause of death was undetermined.
Q: Does it mean anything when you see the lightning bugs for the first time in the summer?
A: According to the Farmers Almanac, “Unlike people, fireflies love warm, humid weather. It helps them to survive. So in years when summer-like weather arrives before June does, fireflies tend to appear in lawns, gardens and trees earlier than usual — sometimes as early as late spring. ... As much as damp weather provides an ideal environment for fireflies, dry conditions provide the worst. Droughts and heatwaves stress firefly eggs and larvae, causing them to die off before they’ve had a chance to emerge. The dates when lightning bugs appear also will be delayed due to the heat stress.”
Q: When will the Pinstripe Faithful Club have is annual sports card and autograph show? Who is the retired Yankee player who will be featured this year?
A: Former New York Yankees catcher Rick Cerone will be the special guest at the Pinstripe Faithful Club’s show from 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Sunday at Electric Park Ballroom in Waterloo.
Q: I’m deaf and had a hearing dog for 18 years. Now they are so expensive. Is there an organization that can help me pay for another dog?
A: A few possibilities: Deafinitely Dogs of Cedar Rapids — info@deafinitelydogs.org; International Hearing Dog Inc. of Colorado — hearingdog.org or (303) 287-3277 TDD; or Dogs for the Deaf of Oregon — dogsforthedeaf.org.
Q: Who can we call to get bats out of an attic?
A: Look in the yellow pages under “pest control” — there are several companies listed.
Q: What is the age you need to be to legally drive an ATV?
A: According to the Iowa DNR, no one younger than 12 can operate an ATV unless on private land; no one younger than 18 can operate an ATV on public lands unless they possess a safety training certificate.
Q: Did the Cattle Congress or the Iowa State Fair have the first butter cow?
A: The state fair, we think — Minnesota sculptor John Daniels started doing butter sculpture for the Minnesota State Fair in 1900, and he made a sculpture of a boy, a cow and a calf for the 1911 Iowa fair. The earliest mention we could find of butter art at the Cattle Congress was in a 1919 Courier article.This evening I opened my old email account, the non-official one :p It was due to my sister's request that she need sample of some paper works. I looked for my files from 2012 then I realized, that 2012 maybe one of my most favorite year during my life. I just saw a lot of tasks and activities I've done, then I thought "How energetic I was in 2012..". So, where's the spirit when you need it most right now, yonika? Allah, please give us strength and spirit all the ways..
Gaming Studio, Inc.
2017.™ grayouts
Shown as multiples of the value of a.
Six Player Table
Approximately 5' x 3' (not counting the wheel display) "Split" 500 260..
"Pair" bet: Betting that one of the two will be a win.
"Exact" bet: A classic bet that the exact number will show a winner.

Contact: joe@gamingstudio.com 701-388-3266
© Copyright 2013, 2015, 2016 Gaming Studio, Inc., Fargo, ND, USA. All rights reserved.GP Abu Dhabi, prove sabato–22/11/2014
Abu Dhabi GP: Rosberg beats Hamilton to pole ahead of finale
Nico Rosberg claimed pole position for the Formula 1 world championship decider in Abu Dhabi.
The German outpaced title rival and Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton by just over three tenths on the first runs in the top-10 shootout.
He then improved on his second run, avoiding the lock-up later in the lap that cost him time on the first.
Although Hamilton also improved, he ended up 0.386 seconds off Rosberg to line up second.
But even if Rosberg wins Sunday’s race, Hamilton need only finish second to be sure of the title.
Williams again looked a potential threat in qualifying but when it came to the fastest runs in Q3, the pace advantage of Mercedes shone through.
Valtteri Bottas ended up third, just over half a second off Rosberg, with team-mate Felipe Massa just behind.
Red Bull drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel locked out row three, ahead of stablemate Daniil Kvyat’s Toro Rosso entry.
Jenson Button beat the two Ferraris to eighth place, with Kimi Raikkonen ninth after only completing one run in Q3 thanks to having run out of fresh super-softs.
Fernando Alonso, on his Ferrari swansong, was 10th having failed to improve on his second run thanks to locking up and running off the track.
Kevin Magnussen in the second McLaren only had one proper run in Q2, likely because of the same underfuelling problem that also forced Button to abandon his first run before setting a laptime.
The Dane had looked set to make the top 10, only for Raikkonen and Kvyat to knock him down to 11th on their final laps.
Jean-Eric Vergne was also knocked down the order in the final seconds, ending up 12th, with the two Force Indias of Sergio Perez and Nico Hulkenberg behind.
Sauber driver Adrian Sutil was slowest in Q2, falling three tenths short of his Q1 pace.
Romain Grosjean missed out on reaching Q2 by just over two hundredths of a second during a frenetic battle in the final seconds of the first segment of qualifying.
First, Lotus driver Pastor Maldonado moved into a Q2 position before being bumped by Esteban Gutierrez, who was then relegated by Sutil.
Grosjean’s final lap was not quite enough to beat Sutil, leaving him in 16th place, although he will drop to the rear of the field thanks to 20-place penalty for changing power unit components.
Gutierrez ended up 17th, ahead of Maldonado and the two Caterhams.
Kamui Kobayashi’s was the faster of the two green machines, although F1 debutant Will Stevens gave a good account of himself by lapping just over half a second slower despite limited running in the car.
Abu Dhabi GP: Nico Rosberg heads Lewis Hamilton in final practice
Nico Rosberg heads into qualifying for the Formula 1 title-deciding Abu Dhabi Grand Prix as favourite after comfortably beating Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in final practice.
The German set the fastest time of the weekend so far in the final practice session at the hot and sunny Yas Marina Circuit in Abu Dhabi.
His effort, a 1m41.424s, was 0.7s faster than the Briton’s Friday benchmark and though Hamilton also improved he fell short of Rosberg’s best by 0.369s.
Ferrari’s Fernando Alonso set the pace early on, the Spaniard the only supersoft tyre runner for the majority of the session.
Despite ending his session prematurely, getting out of his car with more than 20 minutes to go, his 1m42.653s remained the benchmark until the times started tumbling in the final few minutes of the hour-long session as everyone switched to the supersoft Pirelli tyre.
It was the Williams of Felipe Massa who was first of the remaining runners to switch and he ended up best of the rest behind the Mercedes, albeit over a second slower than Rosberg.
The Brazilian was fourth fastest ahead of the Red Bull of outgoing world champion Sebastian Vettel and the McLaren of Jenson Button. Vettel’s team-mate Daniel Ricciardo was seventh fastest overall in his Red Bull ahead of Valtteri Bottas in the second Williams.
Daniil Kvyat (Toro Rosso) and Kimi Raikkonen, who struggled throughout with the handling of his Ferrari, completed the top 10.
RispondiTo refine your search results, use the job listings filters on the left after doing a keyword search. Enter your keyword and location to begin your job search. Don't delay, hiring managers are reviewing candidates looking for administrative manager entry level job opportunities in great falls, montana. You'll find several job opportunities in great falls, montana are listed below in the administrative manager industry. You can explore career opportunities with AfterCollege. Entry level opportunities are now available for the administrative manager industry in great falls, montana.
Not seeing the job you want? Search for your dream entry level job today.
Fresh job related news content.Sold Out
5.95
Mama Bettie
Nov,24 2016 07:34:20Nov,24 2016 07:34:20
Big & Bold
These arrived and were bigger than expected. I guess you will definitely make a statement wearing these. Very Scarf Online Lace Scarf Online Pashmina Scarf Online Red Scarf Online Knitted Scarf Online Black Scarf Online Powder Foundation Online Makeup Foundation Online Cat Eye Sunglasses For Women Online Men Casual Belt Online Men Black Belt Online Leather For Wallet Online Pink For Plus Online Men's Belt Online Cufflinks For Men Online Case For Iphone 6s Online More+Click on an image to enlarge it in your browser window.
Here we can see that at least during the early 1980's there was still some form of respect for the Board of Trustees and their role in the affairs of the school. Williams' assertions are all correct and the implication is that Charles Bonsall was for some reason, not in accord with the basic tenets of the Trust Deed.
Williams clearly saw that the reason that Bishop Gwynne had set up the management structure in the way that he had, was to safeguard the school. In allowing the same people to be both School Council members (and also possibly Executive & Finance Committee members) and Trustees, the impartiality and the check and balance system that had operated under Gwynne's structure was destroyed. This set in motion the financial free-for-all that has continued right up until the present day, with no one to maintain the educational integrity and stability of the.Career Record
Singles: 42-35
Doubles: 19-45
2013-14: Was the recipient of the 2014 ITA/Cissie Leary Award for Sportsmanship... Went 8-6 in singles play and won three of her last four matches... Helped the Lady Monarchs clinch a comeback victory over Tulane in round one of the C-USA Tournament with her doubles win.
2012-13: Was named to the Conference USA Commissioner’s Honor Roll… Finished season with a 13-6 record in singles… Opened season with four-game winning streak after defeating opponents from Norfolk State (1/19), Howard (1/19), George Washington (1/26), and UMBC (1/27)… Defeated Sydney Smith of No. 41 William & Mary (4/13)… Won eight games in doubles competition.
2011-12:Finished 11-10 overall in singles...Won 7 of her first 11 matches of the season...Went 6-2 in doubles with partner Aleksandra Mitrovska... Overall doubles record was 9-17 ... Earned ITA Scholar Athlete Award for second-straight year.
2010-11: Finished with an overall record of 10-13 ... Was 6-2 at No. 6 singles... Won two doubles matches on the year ... Earned ITA Scholar Athlete Award.
Prep: Played four years of varsity tennis ... Coached by Helen Khmolovska ... Earned gold medal honors for her studies and certificates of ecxellence.
Personal: Born Nov. 13, 1991 ... Daughter of Nikolay Khmolovskiy and Helen Khmolovskaya ... Majoring in international studies.Oh hi there, remember me? I fell into Wonderland for a bit but I’ve finally made it back out again. Long story short, I had an emotional ‘blip’, I’m (still) knee deep in a puddle of revision (2 exams next week – argh) and as usual I simply gave myself too much to do.
Transformation & Weight Loss
So, I got through the first 4 weeks and it was amazing, but then stress and pressure got the best of me. Although for the first time I actually managed to not eat myself into oblivion and have maintained the 7lbs weight loss from those 4 weeks. After a lifetime of comfort eating let me tell you, this was and still is a breakthrough and a total win. I’m planning to go ahead and finish the 2nd half this August, I just need to concentrate on studying at the moment and the program requires quite a bit of planning and prepping. Time which I just don’t have right now.
Studying
I don’t think I’ve talked about it much before, but a large part of my stress comes from studying and exams. I work full time but I’m also trying to get qualified as a chartered accountant. Essentially this equates to much deprived sleep and much quality time not spent with hubby, two things I really struggle without. If all goes to plan I’ll be done by March 2016 and then I’ve been unequivocally told that I’m “not allowed to study anymore”. Please don’t take that as you aren’t continuously allowed to grow your mind anymore. More that I’ve been formally “studying” in one way or another for over 2 thirds of my life now and hubby thinks it’s time to give myself a bit of a break!
Babies…
Did I just say babies? Yeah, we’re gonna leave that one for its own little post. Let’s just say we may have decided to alter the original plan slightly… :PWe run a number of 7-week programmes throughout the year for parents/carers that are delivered during the day, on an evening, at weekends in and out of term time.
We will place information on the home page of this website, on our twitter account (@cowleian) and in our newsletter with dates of when this programme once they have been scheduled for 2017.
Why do the course?
Parenting teenagers is harder than ever for most parents today. We are the main influence on our teenagers’ future. Discovering we are not alone in the challenges we face and picking up ideas from other parents can make a huge difference. Setting healthy boundaries, helping to develop communication skills and teaching them how to make good choices takes skill and dedication. Taking time to reflect on our end goal can help us to build our relationship with our teenagers now.
The staff team at Cowley are very approachable and we are here to support you to support your teen.
Week 1 – Introduction This is a very informal meeting of all parent/carers who are interested in the programme. The staff team will inform you of the course content, then you decide if it is for you.
Week 2 – Where do I start
We address attention seeking behaviour, showing inadequacies, approval of friends, excitement and avoiding he bait.
Week 3 – When listening helps Learn how to listen effectively, the importance of listening, active listening, playing back feelings and reading the signs.
Week 4 – What encourages Teenagers? How we make things worse for teens, other ways of discouraging teens, positive parenting, the power of encouragement, how to encourage positively, to encourage with words and how we can encourage with active listening.
Week 5 – Managing conflict The value of speaking personally, to work on myself, why things go wrong, handling difficult situations, steps for dealing with conflict, understanding each other, the importance of timing, presenting your ideas, gathering ideas, help your teen to choose first, agree on details, how things work out, but my teen won’t talk and teens and step families.
Week 6 – Teenagers and conflict Are my methods of discipline working? Encourage self-discipline, discipline starts with communication, effective ways to discipline, learning from consequences, keeping sense of proportion, the need for limits, staying firm, challenging teens and thinking up consequences.
Week 7 – The healthy family One kind of healthy family, a better head start, why do we neglect communication? Lone parenting, family meetings and how do we make a start.
Comments made by parent/carers who have previously completed a 7 week Parenting Teens programme
“My skills as a parent improved by the end of the course.”
“I would definitely recommend the course to other parents/carers.”
“Very informative and informal. The course was useful also as I realised my problems aren’t isolated as other parents were experiencing the same thing.”
“Whether you have problems at the moment or not, this course will help you and your teen get on with each other better.”Where to start rereading Fear Street? As much as I’d love to dive right into the Cheerleader series, I realized there’s a dense history here. Fear Street locks into itself, creating a town so filled with horrors it’s amazing they haven’t burned it to the ground and salted the earth. So why not start with #1? Where did it all begin? Did the first Fear Street novel deliver all of the horror promised? Will future generations be passing around these books, claiming it to be spine-chilling and nightmare-inducing?
(Probably not that last thing, since I can’t find 90% of them in my library, but who knows! Maybe there will be a R.L. Stine library one day, and kids can enjoy their spookums to their heart’s content.)
The Cover
I bought the Kindle version of this (that’s right folks! I paid eight whole dollars for it!) which came with a different cover than the updated version or the original, so for comparison:
The New Girl in its original 1989 edition (pulled from its Wikipedia page) is pretty solid. Scared looking girl seems to be disappearing. It’s got a good 80s Final Girl vibe to it and probably does a lot more to hide Anna as the true villain. Apparently these books were updated in 2005 (to be covered below) with these covers, and I gotta say I’m disappointed in the print edition (pulled from its Amazon page), which is a little too sexy. I get it, girls are dangerous monsters who will lead you down a path of darkness, but the schoolgirl plaid is a little too much for me. Is she carrying a tiny briefcase? Is it a lunchbox? Who knows! Meanwhile the edition I paid money for (pulled from the publisher’s website) is a better update. She’s coy and shy, but still has a hint of sexuality, which hints more at Anna’s true nature. Also she’s disappearing again, so you still think she’s a ghost.
Tagline
He has to learn her secret — or die trying!
Honestly, terrible. Very much a first pass. This is the sort of thing written on fake movie posters on a TV show.
Summary
These books are so tiny. This book is a hundred some odd pages. The prologue is two pages long and features an unknown narrator screaming, “Anna is dead!” It’s incredibly unnecessary because everyone else will be screaming this through the rest of the book, but I guess you need some good chills so you know you picked up the right book.
Cory Brooks is a regular high school boy with a cute female friend and a handful of bros. He’s a gymnast for no reason other than so Stine can have him do some sick flips later on in the book. He’s introduced to us proving he can do a handstand while eating his lunch, which is only slightly less bro-y than if he was introduced doing a kegstand but still totally believable for a teenage boy to do. His bros are Arnie and David, who do absolutely nothing except high five the whole time. (Is their slashfic for Fear Street? These two are definitely going to make out during a party in college is all I’m saying.) Cory’s BFF is Lisa, who is described as looking like a movie star. She’s ridiculously cool and asks out Cory like thirty times before he figures out she might be into him. It’s like Abe and Joan in Clone High except not a joke.
Cory meets beautiful and mysterious Anna, who is so pale she might as well be transparent, who seems to float around everywhere, who no one else seems to notice except him, and appears, and I quote, “hauntingly beautiful.” (Italicized in book, in case you didn’t get it.) Cory goes out of his way to find her house by talking to an operator who is terrible at their job, and when he gets there he meets Brad, who’s got a weird face and is super intense and likes screaming “ANNA IS DEAD” given any opportunity.
So Anna’s a ghost, right?
Wrong! Through a series of wacky antics, including a dead cat stuffed into a locker, Cory doing a sweet flip out of one window only to land in the one below it, and a creepy dude with a rottweiler who does nothing but say menacing things and add a few creeps, Cory discovers that Anna is not dead at all! She’s Willa, Anna’s sister, who pushed Anna down the stairs in the prologue because she was so jealous of her beauty and looks. Brad has been taking care of her and didn’t realize how wildly out of control his sister has gotten, and chose to take action by being as menacing as possible. Anna tries to slit their throats with a letter opener, but luckily she’s pretty small and not very strong and is thus easily subdued. The day is saved! Brad calls the police on his sister, ensuring she’ll never get the help she needs, while he goes back to an empty house because all of his family has serious issues, and Cory and Lisa hook up at the end. Happy endings all around!
Favorite Line
“This must what it’s like on the moon,” he told himself.
Totally Radical Updates
There were so many! I’ll be honest, I did research before picking up this book. I knew I’d be getting the updated edition, but I did not realize how jarring those updates would be.
Cory goes over to Lisa’s house to hang out.
She walked over to the counter under the TV and held up a DVD box. He gave her a double thumbs-down. “I’m not into Lord of the Rings.”
Admittedly not the worst, but knowing this was re-released in 2005 it’s hilarious to me that someone had to sit down and rename a movie, and they just chose whatever made major money recently. If someone has the original version of this and would like to tell me the original movie named, I’d be delighted to have that information.
Also a fun addition, computers!
The computer lab. They have all the local papers from all over the state on LexisNexis there. I use this room a lot to do research for articles I write for the Spectator.
Again, not terrible, though I don’t know a single teenager who could tell me what LexisNexis is. I went to library school and even I don’t really get LexisNexis. But times they are a’changing, and it isn’t really hip with the kiddos to go through old newspaper catalogues.
(That being said, do any public libraries actually keep local papers? I’ve never worked at one that did. And in 2005 they definitely would not be ready to digitize like that yet. /librarytalk)
But Jimmy, I hear you say, these are all pretty tame. Computers exist now! It’s a whole new world in 2005! What more could be said? Well, reader, you haven’t gotten to the school dance, or its hip new playlist.
The floor vibrated to the music, a Missy Elliott album with a driving, machinelike drumbeat and pulsating bass that nearly drowned out the singer’s voice.
…Cory asked, shouting over the music, a new album by Kanye West that was extremely difficult to shout over.
Okay, here are some things. First of all, if R.L. Stine can name a Missy Elliott song, I would be genuinely surprised and delighted. I mean, Kanye West will be famous forever, so dropping “a new album” isn’t too far fetched in this modern world, but do you know what songs would not get a pass at my high school? We definitely couldn’t play Missy Elliott at school dances, much less a Kanye song. Some intern just googled popular albums and jammed some words in there. And again, if someone wants to tell me what originally went there, I’d drop in the original quote and everything.
Edit: I did manage to track down someone’s review who’s using a few of the same grading categories I am. Lisa and Cory watch Star Trek together on VHS, and it’s Phil Collins playing at the dance. Shout out to the Fear Street Book Club on Tumblr for keeping track of these dated references for me.
Rating
The prose is pretty basic and nothing special, and the scares and tension are pretty minimal. It’s Fear Street #1, and according to Wikipedia one of R.L. Stine’s first horror books, so it’s a little rough around the edges. I’ll give it two dead cats out of five.
Pingback: Fear Street #2 – The Surprise Party | Welcome to Fear Street
Pingback: Fear Street #17 – The Best Friend | Welcome to Fear Street
Pingback: Fear Street: The TV Series | Welcome to Fear Street
Pingback: Fear Street #13 – The Secret Bedroom | Welcome to Fear Street
Pingback: Top Fear Street Books (According to R.L. Stine) | Welcome to Fear StreetA funny thing happened over the last month…I got what I wanted. Somehow things all just kind of fell into place. I needed a new job. I needed to be able to meet all my financial responsibilities. I wanted to work with kids. I wanted to wake up every morning wanting to go to work. I wanted an easy commute (I am a horrible commuter). And bam! Job working with kids, paying just enough, and a five minute walk from my apartment. I had asked and the universe had provided. Then it all hit me.
Things happened very quickly. I mean less than a week quickly. I had no time to seriously ponder anything before finding myself in the midst of a new job. Two weeks in I felt like I was coming apart at the seams. I had asked for this. I wanted this. And yet, I was not ecstatically happy. I was exhausted and questioning everything. Was this really what I wanted? Was I any good at what I was doing? (It sure didn’t feel like I was very good at my new job.) Could I really sustain myself with this? Did I want to be doing this for the rest of my life? Was this what I wanted for my career? How the hell did this even happen? It was freak out time. And then it was time to breathe.
Change is very hard for me. I somehow thought that because things moved so quickly and I had so little time to over think, or think at all about this change that I would miraculously be okay with it. Turns out my brain just needed a little time to catch up with everything. Turns out my brain also likes to freak out over things that are so far in the future all the powers of prediction and fortune telling can’t accurately answer the questions I come up with mid-meltdown. The reality is, I only have to stick with this for a year. If I am unhappy and it is not working I do not have to do it forever. A lot can happen in a year. At this point in time I enjoy going to work and it pays my bills. I should probably spend a little more time focusing on that and a little less time freaking out over what may or may not be five or ten years from now.
Pingback: Dinner Parties | Little Rants From the Big CityOh! how time flies so fast. It’s the time of the year again. (Fa La la la la la). So happy for this year’s Christmas! Christmas is indeed merry and jolly for me and my family. Papa is finally home after how many years of not spending holiday festivities in Ph with us. At last we’re complete for Noche Buena and on New Year’s Eve!
xxxxxx
Instead of draping myself, with a Christmas jumpers/sweaters green+red. I decided to rock the shade of maroon, burgundy, and– yep oxblood. I substituted shades of Christmas (red/green tartan) by Autumn’s hottest hue. It flatters like black but never looks boring and it goes with everything. I layered over my head to toe maroon ensemble with a denim jacket to dress down a little and polished off with nude color pumps.
If you’re still undecided on what to wear for Holiday festivities, maybe something like this will work for you.
Have a blessed Christmas, everyone!
AdvertisementsForum Code of Conduct
This Forum is designed expressly for members of the Philadelphia Bar Association. You must be a member to converse online. To join the Bar Association, click here. Please note that the opinions expressed in this Forum do not reflect the views of the Philadelphia Bar Association. This is a communications tool that enable attorneys to easily connect and converse online about topics of their choosing. We ask that all participants behave according to our Code of Conduct:
- Identify yourself.
- Respect your audience.
- Be polite.
- Observe copyright, fair use and financial disclosure laws.
- Don't cite or reference clients, partners or suppliers without their approval.
- Don't pick fights.
- Try to add value.
Continue to the Forum
Explained by Experts
Explained by Experts
Search our database for over 1,000 experts with a range of over 300 subjects and in 22 languages.
NEW Globelynx Cameras
Yasser Elguindi
Energy Market Strategist
Energy Aspects (New York)
Yasser is an energy market strategist specialising in oil and the confluence of policy-making, ma...
Matthew Parry
Head of Long-term Analysis
Energy Aspects (London)
Matt leads on long-term analysis at Energy Aspects, specialising in oil and macroeconomics. Matt...
Richard Mallinson
Geopolitical Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
Richard leads analysis of international affairs and energy policy. His areas of focus include geo...
Rhidoy Rashid
Oil Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
Rhidoy Rashid is an analyst at Energy Aspects. He monitors global oil markets and has specialist...
Amrita Sen
Chief Oil Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
Amrita's specialism is in energy commodities, particularly oil and oil products She is a globally...
Robert Campbell
Head of Oil Products Research
Energy Aspects (New York)
Robert heads up coverage of global oil products markets. He has a deep understanding of the dynam...
Dominic Haywood
Oil Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
Dominic specialises in North American crude oil market analysis. His work at Energy Aspects centr...
Michal Meidan
Asia/China Oil Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
Michal leads analysis of Asian energy policies and geopolitics, with a particular focus on China....
Trevor Sikorski
Head of Natural Gas and Carbon
Energy Aspects (London)
Trevor leads research into global natural gas and carbon emissions. He has over 20 years' experie...
James McCullagh
Oil Products Analyst
Energy Aspects (London)
James is an Oil Products Analyst, with a particular focus on the EMEA region. He has deep knowled...
David Elmes
Global Energy MBA director
Warwick University
Research interests include how the structure of the global energy industry is changing, how new...
Rolf Wuestenhagen
Professor of Renewable Energy
St.Gallen University
Rolf is also a professor of Decision-Making of Energy Consumers and Investors under Policy Risk....
Archna Luthra
Head of Energy
MoneySavingExpert.com
A founding member of MoneySavingExpert.com, Archna is an energy expert heading up the Cheap Energ...
Guillermo Rein
Thermal energy (Fire) expert
Imperial College London
If it burns, be it buildings, forests or bodies - then Guillermo is your expert. As Editor-in-Ch...
Monica Giulietti
Associate Professor of Global Energy
Warwick University
Her research covers economic analysis of energy consumption and energy markets, and competition...
Spencer Welch
Director, Oil Markets & Downstream, Energy
IHS Markit (London)
Spencer leads the crude oil valuation and marketability studies for the Europe, Middle East and...
Ben Jackson
Energy, Environment and Books Editor
The Sun
Having been with The Sun since 1999, Ben is an expert on a range of environmental issues from th...
Jim Coomer has come on board as the new coach of the newest sport to be offered at St. Catharine – men’s and women’s tennis. But St. Catharine is not new to Coomer who currently is finishing the season as assistant women’s coach at Bellarmine University.
“A couple of years ago I read an article in the Courier-Journal about St. Catharine and the growth there,” said Coomer who is a native of Jeffersonville, Indiana. “I thought then that it would be a good school to have a tennis program. I didn’t hear anything at that time but just recently heard from Mike (athletic director Mike Doig) who said that St. Catharine was ready to start tennis.”
That is not the only way Coomer became familiar with St. Catharine as he recalled. “I know a lot of people in the Campbellsville area and throughout central Kentucky. I have coached junior players for a long time so I know many people around the state as well as the Midwest.”
Coomer will use those connections to start recruiting players for the season that will start in the 2011-2012 academic year. He knows the direction he wants the fledgling program to take. “Many times the foreign players are the most talented and I will work on recruiting them,” he said. “But I also want to recruit the local players. There are a lot of good tennis players within 50 or 60 miles of St. Catharine.”
Doig is confident that Coomer, who has coached tennis in high school and/or college for 22 years, will get the new program off on the right foot. “First he is obviously knowledgeable about teaching tennis. And secondly he has made so many connections over the years that he already has a good recruiting base from which to draw.”
Coach Coomer can be reached at St. Catharine by email at jimcoomer@sccky.edu.By.
These holdings – surprising as they may seem – actually bring Tennessee law in line with the overwhelming majority of jurisdictions that have analyzed the issue over the past twenty years. In 1996, the United States Supreme Court handed down a controversial – though unanimous – Fourth Amendment decision in Whren v. United States, 517 U.S. 806, 819 (1996). Authored by the late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, Whren involved a police seizure for a minor traffic offense that had every appearance of being pretextual. Although there was strong reason to believe that the real reason why the driver had been stopped was because he was suspected of carrying drugs, the Supreme Court held without equivocation that an officer’s subjective reasons for pulling someone over do not matter. Simply stated, if police officers “ha[ve] probable cause to believe that [a driver has] violated the traffic code,” then that fact alone “render[s] the stop reasonable under the Fourth Amendment.”
The Tennessee Supreme Court’s decisions in State v. Smith and State v. Davis represent straightforward extensions of this holding, although their potential for abuse is frightening. Both cases involved drivers who were pulled over for momentarily crossing over lane lines. On December 6, 2012, after being followed by a trooper without incident for approximately two-and-a-half miles, Defendant Linzey Smith was pulled over for “cross[ing] the fog line ‘by less than six inches’” as she negotiated a winding, sloping portion of a roadway. Similarly, on October 23, 2009, Defendant William Davis, Jr. was pulled over after his car’s two left wheels briefly drifted over the double yellow line splitting a two-lane road. After being pulled over, both drivers exhibited signs of intoxication, and each was ultimately arrested for DUI.
The question presented in both cases was whether law enforcement had the requisite level of suspicion to pull the drivers over in the first place. Both the Fourth Amendment and Article I, Section 7 of the Tennessee Constitution protect individuals from unreasonable seizures. There is also no doubt – at least in theory – that “an individual does not lose her constitutional rights against unreasonable seizures by driving a car.”[1] Further, longstanding caselaw establishes that “[a] police officer seizes a motorist when he turns on his blue lights in order to pull the motorist over.”[2] As a result, every traffic stop implicates an individual’s rights under the Fourth Amendment and the Tennessee Constitution, and all traffic stops must be justified by a minimum level of suspicion.
Generally speaking, two separate types of seizures are permitted under the Constitution. If law enforcement has probable cause to believe that an individual has committed a crime, then an officer may make a full-scale custodial arrest. Alternatively, if law enforcement has reasonable suspicion to believe that a criminal offense has been or is about to be committed, then an officer may initiate a brief investigatory stop to investigate the matter further.[3]
Notably, “[t]he level of reasonable suspicion required to support an investigatory stop is lower than that required for probable cause.”[4] Although non-technical and imprecise, federal judges estimate probable cause and reasonable suspicion to reflect certainty levels of roughly 45% and 31%, respectively.[5] However, both types of seizures must be justified by specific, articulable facts.
Tennessee law provides that crossing over a lane line even momentarily is a Class C misdemeanor that is punishable by up to 30 days in jail and a $50.00 fine.[6] Consequently, because the troopers in both Smith and Davis had at least reasonable suspicion to believe that the drivers had strayed from their lanes, the Tennessee Supreme Court held that in each instance, the traffic stops were constitutionally permissible. The Court also reiterated, however, that “slight weaving within one’s lane ordinarily will not support a stop under any standard.”[7]
In this regard, the Court’s holdings in Smith and Davis are unremarkable. Broadly considered, they simply reflect the U.S. Supreme Court’s now routine indication that: “If an officer has probable cause to believe that an individual has committed even a very minor criminal offense in his presence, he may, without violating the Fourth Amendment, arrest the offender.”[8] What is concerning, however, is their profound potential for abuse.
In affirming the legality of the stops at issue, the Tennessee Supreme Court candidly acknowledged the reality that nearly all drivers constantly deviate from their lanes. “We are confident that drivers in Tennessee [] cross lane lines ‘all the time,’” Justice Bivins’ unanimous opinion declares. Given this state of affairs, however,.[9] Additionally, although the Court went to great lengths to caution that its holdings were “not intended to provide law enforcement officers with ‘carte blanche’ to seize motorists every time they see a vehicle cross a [lane] line,” as a matter of practical reality, they do just that.
Any number of commentators have expressed serious reservations about this development in constitutional jurisprudence. Perhaps most troublingly, giving police nearly unchecked authority to seize any driver, anywhere, at any time is eerily reminiscent of the “general warrants” that were abused by the British during the pre-revolutionary period—abuses which gave rise to the very existence of the Fourth Amendment itself.[10] Moreover, Justice Bivins’ observation that “an officer has discretion as to when to stop drivers” – and his additional efforts to emphasize that “[w]e do not mean to require or imply that a stop should be made in all such instances” – should provide Tennesseans little comfort. If past is prologue, affording all law enforcement officers virtually unfettered discretion to stop, search and arrest any Tennessee driver anywhere and at any time is all but guaranteed to lead to profound abuse of authority and disproportionate enforcement against marginalized groups. In particular, poor minorities will continue to bear the brunt of minor traffic stops—often for purely pretextual reasons—while whiter, wealthier drivers remain unmolested. For obvious reasons, to those unlucky few who do not receive the benefit of an officer’s benevolent discretion not to pull them over every time they cross over a lane line, the Tennessee Supreme Court’s efforts to mollify the vast scope of its holdings will be of vanishingly small consolation.
Click to read the Tennessee Supreme Court’s unanimous opinions in State v. Smith and State v. Davis.
Questions about this article? Email Daniel Horwitz at daniel.a.horwitz@gmail.com.
Like ScotBlog? Join our email list or contact us here, or follow along on Twitter @Scot_Blog and facebook at
[1] See Delaware v. Prouse, 440 U.S. 648, 662-63 (1979).
[2] See State v. Pulley, 863 S.W.2d 29, 30 (Tenn. 1993).
[3] State v. Binette, 33 S.W.3d 215, 218 (Tenn. 2000) (citing Terry v. Ohio, 392 U.S. 1, 20-21 (1968)).
[4] State v. Day, 263 S.W.3d 891, 902 (Tenn. 2008).
[5] See C.M.A. McCauliff, Burdens of Proof: Degrees of Belief, Quanta of Evidence, or Constitutional Guarantees?, 35 Vand. L. Rev. 1293, 1325-28 (1982).
[6] See generally Tenn. Code Ann. § 55-8-103 (2008) (“It is unlawful and, unless otherwise declared in this chapter and chapter 10, parts 1-5 of this title with respect to particular offenses, it is a Class C misdemeanor, for any person to do any act forbidden or fail to perform any act required in this chapter and chapter 10 of this title.”); Tenn. Code Ann. § 55-8-123(1) (“A vehicle shall be driven as nearly as practicable entirely within a single lane and shall not be moved from that lane until the driver has first ascertained that the movement can be made with safety;”); Tenn. Code Ann. § 40-35-111(e) (“The authorized terms of imprisonment and fines for misdemeanors are: . . . (3) Class C misdemeanor, not greater than thirty (30) days or a fine not to exceed fifty dollars ($50.00), or both, unless otherwise provided by statute.”).
[7] In this regard, the Court reaffirmed its prior holding in State v. Binette, 33 S.W.3d 215, 219-20 (Tenn. 2000).
[8] Atwater v. City of Lago Vista, 532 U.S. 318, 354, 121 S. Ct. 1536, 1557, 149 L. Ed. 2d 549 (2001).
[9] Barbara C. Salken, The General Warrant of the Twentieth Century? A Fourth Amendment Solution to Unchecked Discretion to Arrest for Traffic Offenses, 62 TEMP. L. REv. 221, 252-73 (1989).
[10] See id. See also Lewis R. Katz, “Lonesome Road”: Driving Without the Fourth Amendment, 36 Seattle U. L. Rev. 1413, 1413 (Spring, 2013) (“[o]ur streets and highways have become a police state where officers have virtually unchecked discretion about which cars to stop for the myriad of traffic offenses contained in state statutes and municipal ordinances”); David A. Moran, The New Fourth Amendment Vehicle Doctrine: Stop and Search Any Car at Any Time, 47 Vill. L. Rev. 815, 816 (2002) (“the police may, in their discretion, stop and search any vehicle at any time”); Elizabeth Ahern Wells, Note, Warrantless Traffic Stops: A Suspension of Constitutional Guarantees in Post September 11th America, 34 U. Tol. L. Rev. 899, 899 (Summer, 2003) (stating that traffic stops have “evolved into a veritable green light for police officers, resulting in a complete disregard for personal security”).Living as close to the water as we do it is impossible to get through spring without realizing that seagulls like sex. The males beat wings of love over the females crying in coarse ecstasy while the females add their own chortles of joy.
God invented sex. It’s biblical. Song of Solomon is a marriage manual for sex. “A bundle of myrrh is my beloved to me that lies all night between my breasts…Until the day breaks and the shadows flee away, be like a gazelle or a young stag upon the mountains of Bether…Your lips, O my spouse, drip as the honeycomb; honey and milk are under your tongue…Let my beloved come to his garden and eat its pleasant fruits.”
Since my favorite genre as a writer is mystery-romance-suspense, I’m thankful God created sex. It’s a gift He gave humans to glue their marriages together and keep them intact through difficult circumstances. God’s perfect plan for marriage is presented in the Bible: a man and woman leave their parents, become one flesh, and stick together until death parts them. Marriage doesn’t always follow the guidelines – but God’s plan always works best. Sex helps.
God’s gifts should be revered and valued, not re-gifted or treated as cheap bubble machine ornaments to be given away, tossed or trampled. Sex matters. God intends it to be a gift that a husband and wife open after the marriage ceremony. That’s why my Christian mystery-romance-suspense books are fun, entertaining, clean, safe reads.
My sexiest and most enticing hero in the Texas Miz Mike series thus far is likely Native American Indian Chief Alan Bitterroot. Readers will discover passion, love, and amazing adventure and suspense in “Bridge to Xanadu.” They will also discover two Christian characters facing the ultimate temptation to open the sex gift – with our without marriage. Do they?
Sex is good. It’s not “dirty” or “shameful.” Christians are like seagulls. They enjoy sex. Good thing – because it keeps romance writers working!
From finding a dead body in the dumpster at the sheriff’s office to being straddled by a knife-welding rapist and serial killer, Texas Miz Mike is back in her most gripping and humorous mystery-romance-suspense ever, “Bridge to Xanadu.”
Oh – and did I mention that “Bridge to Xanadu” puts Mike on a collision course with her newest hero and tests them both to see how they will handle the temptation to open the sex gift early?
qid=1429593376&sr=1-1&keywords=bridge+to+xanadu+stephanie+parker+mckeanThe Clinton Child Care Center, Inc. DBA the Early Learning Center (CELC) is a non-profit organization registered as a 501(c)(3). It is overseen by the Board of Directors with the day-to-day operations managed by the Executive Director.
Annual Meeting Open to the Membership
Closed Meeting
Closed Meetig
Staff Board Holiday Party, Date TBA
Closed Meeting
Closed Meeting
Budget Approval, Closed Meeting
Closed Meeting
Board Election, Open Meeting
Organizational Meeting, Closed Meeting£88.38 (£106.06 with VAT) Add to Cart
Strada 7 CNC Shorty Adjustable Levers Suzuki SFV650 GLADIUS 2009 - 2013 Black
Only 1 available
Details
Shipping: United Kingdom: free (more destinations)
Condition: Used
*The store has not been updated recently. You may want to contact the merchant to confirm the availability of the product.Eat Sleep Drink Bridgendoflintrathen Black Hand Printed T shirt Bridgendoflintrathen Town
Click image to zoom
$28.95 + $10.89 Standard Shipping
In stock. Dispatched within 24 hours
Hide
Product information
Hide
Product description
Handprinted in the UK, 100%
Heavy Cotton Fruit of the Loom Bridgendoflintrathen tshirt in Black
The printing wont fade or crack even when tumble dried so your shirt will stay as soft and silky for years to come.
an Ideal gift for anyone interested in, or from Bridgendoflintrathen
Sizes are Small 35 - 37", Medium 38 - 40", Large 40 - 41", XL 44 - 46", XXL 47 - 49", XXXL 50 -52"
View more
Delivery Information
View more
Returns Policy
HideTo while claiming it for ourselves, we cede it.
We can invest in creating jobs or more tax cuts for the wealthy. Which sounds more fiscally responsible to you?
Our national budget is about more than just numbers -- it's about doing what's right and what works. Fiscal responsibility means putting Americans back to work and investing in our most efficient systems -- not taking money out of seniors' pockets and wasting it on more tax cuts for the wealthy.
More money in the pockets of regular Americans means more customers in our stores. More customers for our businesses mean more economic growth that shrinks the deficit, too.
Where there's waste -- like Big Oil subsidies, special tax loopholes for the wealthy, and outdated Pentagon pork our military leaders don't want -- cut it.
But just forcing Americans to get less from our most efficient and popular systems like Medicare and Medicaid, so they have to go without or pay more for less from private insurers? That isn't morally right or fiscally sound.
Instead, let's try to get more value for our money, like by letting Medicare negotiate for better drug prices, and make sure-bet investments with huge economic payoffs, like investing in our kids' health and education.
Republicans in Congress are offering to help pass the GOP tax plan for the wealthy that America just rejected if we help them pass the GOP plan to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid that America still rejects.
LIKE My Facebook Page
Follow @EgbertoWillies
ATTACKS AND RESPONSES
ATTACK: "The deficit is a huge threat to our country."
RESPONSE:
- Really? A bigger threat than terrorists or climate change or the mass unemployment crisis? How does the deficit affect you personally?
- Of course Washington should be responsible with taxpayer money. The budget needs to be what's best for the country. The good news is that the best way to fix the deficit is to fix jobs first.
- This deficit scare talk is coming from politicians who think Social Security and education funding are too popular. The actual economic experts are warning that if we let those politicians force European-style austerity on America, we're inviting another recession -- and even bigger deficits.
- Let's also remember what's driving the deficit: the Great Recession, borrowed money for the two wars, and the Bush tax cuts -- which came from the same Republican politicians who are now trying to use the mess they created to push through their ideological agenda.
ATTACK: "Entitlements are out of control and needs to be cut."
RESPONSE:
- Let's be clear what we're talking about: Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Voters were clear about the mandate they handed down this election: don't mess with these programs.
- In fact, in these times of tight budgets, we should be investing more in what works -- the most efficient systems for securing our health care and financial security.
- But instead of trying to protect these programs and get more value for our dollars, Republicans in Congress are trying to use the deficit they created to scare us -- so we'll let them privatize Social Security, turn Medicare into a voucher, and wash their hands of Medicaid altogether.
- And to fix the deficit, let's go with the most fiscally responsible way we know how -- fix jobs first.
ATTACK: "Liberals never want to cut any spending at all, including waste."
RESPONSE:
- Actually, where there's waste -- like Big Oil subsidies, special tax breaks for the wealthy, and outdated Pentagon pork our military leaders don't want -- we should cut it.
- We should also be trying to get more value for our money, like by letting Medicare negotiate for better drug prices and stopping wasteful overpayments to private insurance companies.
- So instead of more tax cuts for the wealthy, we want to make sure-bet investments with huge economic payoffs for everyone, like investing in jobs and in our kids' health and education.
- Which approach to the budget sounds more fiscally responsible to you? The problem is that Republicans and their corporate allies oppose getting rid of the actual waste -- while pushing for more tax cuts for themselves.
ATTACK: "Americans are living longer so the eligibility age for Social Security and Medicare should go up."
RESPONSE:
- It's great news that people are living longer, though it's not true for everybody. Let's make sure we all have decent retirement income and health coverage when we actually starting needing it, not at some age made up by politicians in Washington toying around with budget numbers.
- These are the kinds of arguments you often hear from wealthy corporate CEOs and out-of-touch politicians who really just don't like Social Security and Medicare -- and never had to do hard manual labor or worry about their own health insurance.
- How sensible does it sound to you to force people to get less from our most efficient and popular systems like Medicare, so they either have to go without or pay more for less from private insurers? If we want to save money, let's start by letting Medicare negotiate for better drug prices.
- And to keep our Social Security system strong, there's an easy adjustment: instead of letting millionaires and billionaires pay a lower rate, close the tax loophole that lets them pay a lower rate than the rest of us for the same guarantee.Over the last 3 years, I’ve decided to simplify. Why?
Because mental clutter is stressful and emotionally draining,
Because chasing junk (excuse me, possessions) will never satisfy, no matter how new it is,
Because pursuing accolades doesn’t necessarily create the associations I think I need to progress,
Because just about every form of media tells me I won’t be content until…whatever.
Because all the things I wish I had are not things at all, such as joy, love, relationships, meaning, and peace.
Because simple, is simply healthier and better.
Because Jesus didn’t require me to bring anything to the table, except myself.
I’m still learning to let go and cling to that which is true hope and contentment.
If I don’t leave anything behind, hopefully it’s because I chose to value the invaluable.Rams Spike Falcons 3-0
FRAMINGHAM – The Framingham State University volleyball team soared to a 3-0 victory Friday evening over Fitchburg State University in Massachusetts State Collegiate Athletic Conference action at the Athletic Center.
With the win, the Rams improve to 4-7 on the season and are now 2-0 in the league, while the Falcons fall to 1-7 overall and 0-2 in the MASCAC.
The Rams cruised to the victory by scores of 25-9, 25-5 and 25-9.
The Rams were paced on the attach by seven kills and two blocks from senior Casie Thurber while freshman Michaela Cronin added six kills and two blocks. Sophomore Deirdre Fay added six kills, three aces and nine digs. Junior Mackenzie Whalen recorded 25 set assists with eight digs and five aces, while senior Vicki Anderson added seven digs.
The Falcons were led by four kills and seven digs from junior Kristina Osborne.
The Rams on the road Saturday for a non-conference tri-match at Smith College with Babson beginning at 2 p.m.
***
Release courtesy of Framingham State athletics1.53 k.m from the point of interest
Stay on the shore of the Mediterranean at the Novotel Suites Marseille Centre Euromed. Choose accommodation with a balcony and sea view from our range...
1.84 k.m from the point of interest
The 3-star Adagio Access Marseille Saint-Charles holiday residence is extremely close to Marseilles city center and the old port. Its 126 air-conditio...
1.87 k.m from the point of interest
55 yards (50 m) from the Marseilles TGV train station, the ibis Marseille Centre Gare Saint Charles hotel offers quiet, comfortable, air-conditioned.CRAPPY FRIED FRIES PIN
$9.99 / On Sale
This cybernetic fries pin is a colab with amazing Melbourne based pin-king-pin Dylan Jones | | It is part of the CRAPPY MEAL pin Set with legends @mitchwalder and @ohmygrizz - available at dylanjones.com.au
• 1.25″ (
• Secure black rubber clasp
• Comes on a heavy weight linen finished backing card
• Ships as a single pin on a backing card
•• Free shipping within OZ
••• Free stickers and possible other goodies depending on mood
• Edible fries not included
All orders will be shipped after the 7th of Feb as I am currently overseas - extra goodness will apply.I own post):
- Cape Cod Chip Factory in Hyannis
- Walk the many marsh trails that are easily found via Google
- Head over to First Crush Winery to taste some of their wine
- Go on a Rail ride this is on my list and one of the only things I haven’t done
- Try some beer at Cape Cod Beer and Co
- Try the Devils Purse Brewery — while this beer is better than Cape Cod beer, a tasting is rather expensive.
- Take a walk, run or bike on the Cape Cod Trails (only downfall, not a lot of ocean views)
- Rent a kayak or paddle board – you can find this almost anywhere on the cape!
- Go shopping – every town has cute shops to go into!
- Go on a Whale Watch
AdvertisementsWho Called Us
Account
cell
spanish
disconnected
recorded
called my cell phone, did not answer I have no idea who called since I do not give out my cell number except to family and close friends.
JJ
Jan 10th, 2012
Called my cell phone; didn't leave a message
Dont Ask
Jan 03rd, 2012
Not a real number. Number called several times and told it was not a "valid" ph#. Advice to other people wanting to use your cell to make a call, even if you make the call and it is local...don't do it...never know where that call is really going. "People" are BAD way too much.
Mannex
Dec 29th, 2011
Spanish language recording made to my cell phone.
Fred
Dec 20th, 2011
Extremely brief and garbled message that seemed to be the tail end of a recorded message that asked me (in both English and Spanish) to press a number to continue. I've received multiple calls from this number but only the one message.
Bear
Dec 06th, 2011
Didn't answer, no message left.
Silvax
Dec 02nd, 2011
Message was left by Spanish speaking woman, and I don't understand Spanish.
Kathleen Meyer
Nov 18th, 2011
Got a call on my cell (got a new/different number three weeks ago, very few have it) in recorded Spanish. Just said "what?" a bunch of times until they disconnected. Called back, number was "disconnected"
LJ
Nov 18th, 2011
Called my cell twice in 2 days, no message. Called back, automated msg saying disconnected.
T
Nov 18th, 2011
9 Comments
9 CommentsOur goal is to build relationships, not just fix your technical problem of the day. We promise not to blame it on “the other guy” and will always communicate in plane prose what it is we are doing and how much it costs. Anti-Virus, Backups, Security, Remote Support… Those things are easy. It is making sure customers are happy and understand what is going on that is the challenge. See what sets us apart and give us a call.I have started a new project which again is a very high honor for me to have been chosen as their pipemaker. I have received a new commission to build 7 pipes for 7 women who have been studying under Sequoyah-Blue Deer Eagle and Sandra Moon Dancer (Canadian First Nations People) for 4 years to as long as 9 years getting ready to become the pipe carriers for their respective clans.
“We are honoured to receive pipes from a master pipemaker, whose hands are guided by Spirit. It is with deep gratitude that we send this message.
Sequoyah-Blue Deer Eagle”
These woman have been studying the Mother Earth teachings that have been handed down for hundreds if not thousands of years by their ancestors. These seven woman will be honored in ceremony in 2017 with these pipes and take a very important role with their people.
I cannot emphasize enough how humbled and honoured I am to have been selected to complete this project. I am not Native but yet I have been selected for this sacred task and once again I will honor my commitment to the First Nations People of Canada to bring to them 7 pipes that will in turn bring honor to these woman and help them on their very important new journey that they will undertake early next year!Continuing in our short series on The Principles, we take a moment here to consider #3 on my list. It is one which I have tried to articulate often the congregation here at ECF, and to keep at the forefront of my own thinking at all times – not always successfully.
Principle #3 The Christian life cannot be lived any other way than by conscious, constant, deliberate dependence upon the indwelling Holy Spirit.
Beloved, if you never learn anything from listening to or reading anything I have ever communicated, I pray this will drop down into the innermost recesses of your soul and find solid lodging there. So important was the giving of the Holy Spirit to us by Christ Jesus, that He raised it to the level of being a greater blessing than His incarnate presence with us before the cross.
Listen to the nature of Christ’s love for us, and the Father’s lavish giving Him to us with the Son in sending the 3rd person of the Trinity to indwell us: John 16:7–8 “Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: it is to your advantage that I go away, for if I do not go away, the Helper will not come to you. But if I go, I will send him to you. “Aren’t those words staggering? That it is MORE advantageous that the incarnate Christ leave and the Spirit be poured out upon us, than if He remained? It is mind boggling. Certainly we remember that in His going, He will die on the cross in our place and be raised again for our justification – but even those glories are not independent of His going SO THAT He might send the Spirit to. Salvation is not complete without The Spirit. And this He bids us to consider of such infinite value as to be looked for in His place with us. Amazing.
Now it is just because this is true, that the Apostle Paul can tell us that therein lay the secret to the Christian walk: “But I say, walk by the Spirit, and you will not gratify the desires of the flesh” Galatians 5:16. Herein is power to overcome sin; The reality of fresh, vital, real communion with our God and Savior; gifts to bless the Church; illumination of God’s Word; power in prayer and ministering the Gospel – and countless other glories.
But note how we have put in in our principle. We must be CONSCIOUSLY looking to the Spirit as God’s indwelling presence. We must be cognizant on relying upon Him. And such reliance must be CONSTANT, not simply the fallback when things get rough. We must be DELIBERATE in our dependence – truly leaning upon Him, resting our weight upon Him, and not simply giving lip service to it. Running to Him 10, 100, 1000, 10,000 times a day. And it must be DEPENDENCE upon Him. He is not spiritual power steering, just giving us a boost to so that we can still do the job – but looking to Him to work righteousness in our hearts, to change desires and goals and ambitions and mindsets, opinions, attitudes and forging in us new likes and dislikes, loves and hatreds in accord with His own holy nature.
Consciously, constantly, deliberately depending upon Him to impart to us and work in us God’s own love. Love that manifests itself in joy, peace, longsuffering, kindness, uprightness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control. Recognizing these are not human characteristics to be psychologically developed, but the very character of Christ to be lived.
Apart from this way of living, we will walk in constant defeat at the mercy (mercilessness) of our lusts. We will be exhausted in “trying” to be holy. We will be frustrated at every turn, living either in perpetual self-delusion that we are fine as is, or in perpetual guilt and dismay at our brokenness.
This world is toxic. Like a scuba diver who puts on his equipment so that he can operate in an environment that would otherwise kill him in minutes – we take up the “air” supply of the Breath of God, and cling to it and try to breathe no other way so that we might live, and thrive where no life can apart from it. And then, we can even enjoy the swim.Recently, laws were passed in two states mandating insurance coverage of infertility treatment for patients with iatrogenic infertility. This is defined as an inability to conceive as a result of a medical procedure or treatment, such as radiation or chemotherapy treatments for cancer. A blog post on our website detailed Connecticut’s passage of HB7124 requiring insurance coverage for iatrogenic infertility in June, and Rhode Island soon followed suit, with the governor signing their fertility preservation coverage bill on July 10th.
These states set a worthy example for the remaining 48 without this coverage: access to fertility preservation and infertility treatments is key in maintaining the quality of life of young cancer survivors.
The Alliance for Fertility Preservation is a national leader in the effort to bring insurance coverage to patients with iatrogenic infertility, many of whom are young cancer survivors. They note that every year, 150,000 Americans under 45 are diagnosed with cancer. Many of these patients have not yet completed their families or even begun to think about future family-building, when they are faced with a life-changing and extremely stressful diagnosis.
How does this affect fertility? Some cancers target the reproductive system, while other times chemotherapy and radiation therapy permanently damage a patient’s reproductive organs, or their egg or sperm cells. Without healthy and normally functioning reproductive organs or gametes, these patients lack what is biologically required for future reproduction, all due to a different diagnosis completely out of their control. It is unfair to expect these patients, as they try to manage an intensely distressing diagnosis and course of treatment, to also navigate and pay for costly fertility preservation treatments they otherwise would not have needed.
There have been many recent advancements in legislation requiring insurance coverage of other iatrogenic effects of cancer– now breast reconstruction surgery, wigs, prostheses, and anti-nausea medications are all covered by insurance for cancer patients. Infertility is a result of many cancers and treatment protocols, can greatly affect the future quality of life of a young cancer survivor, and should be considered a side effect deserving insurance coverage.
New Jersey already has an infertility coverage mandate, but IRMS calls on constituents and legislators to acknowledge that this must be expanded to include coverage of iatrogenic infertility as well.
IRMS routinely helps patients with recent cancer diagnoses cryopreserve oocytes and all of our oncofertility patients are seen within 24-48 hours of calling our office. We partner with LIVESTRONG Fertility to make treatment more affordable and expand access to care. Still, a state insurance mandate will offer broad protections to all cancer patients and others with iatrogenic infertility, ensuring that no one need sacrifice their future family while fighting for their own health.
If you have recently received a diagnosis that may threaten your fertility and are interested in learning more about how to protect it, fill out our contact form or call us at (973) 322-8286. We are eager to help you quickly and safely navigate the fertility preservation process.
Speak Your MindThe government has no plan at the moment to ban any political party, said Awami League general secretary and LGRD minister Syed Ashraful Islam Saturday.
His important statement came in the wake of musings about any ban on Jamaat-e-Islami, the embattled Islamic party whose registration as a political party has been declared "illegal" by the High Court.
Aug 3, 2013Buy iPad 2 at Radio Shack Tomorrow! [store locator]
Radio Shack will start selling iPad 2 on March 29 at limited locations, tomorrow morning! Store locator below.
Out of total of over 4,000 stores, five-hundred Radio Shack locations at 37 States and Washington D.C. (and possibly even Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico) will start selling the Apple iPad 2 starting tomorrow morning, March 29, 2011. Macrumors reported that: “Representatives at multiple RadioShack locations have confirmed that they are scheduled to begin offering the iPad 2 tomorrow.”
Launch iPad 2 Radio Shack inventory is unknown.
iPad 2 Radio Shack Availability
It appears that only some Radio Shack stores will carry iPad 2 tomorrow. 9to5mac found the hidden page that confirms the iPad 2 launch.
The Radio Shack iPad 2 store locator lists stores at the following locations:
- 37 states: Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Montana, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin
- Washington DC
- Puerto Rico
- Virgin Islands
Reports of iPad 2 availability at Radio Shack are inconsistent. Some are saying that if the store don’t have any, you will be able to order one from their warehouse to deliver at the store in a few days. Other stores are saying that they cannot confirm inventory level until tomorrow morning.
Are you going to line up for iPad 2 at Radio Shack tomorrow? If you didn’t find one, there are always the
Target iPad 2 Inventory Tracker, Best Buy iPad 2 Inventory Locator, and Walmart iPad 2 Inventory Tracker.
Washington DC: K street (3100 14th Street Northwest, Washington D.C., DC 20010) had two. Sold out.
Columbia Heights radio Shack had three as of 9:15 am
Waited in line for an hour in Decatur, GA before opening at Radio Shack with three other guys. I was pretty excited for my odds. Store opens, 1 white 16g wifi available. Nice roll out Radio Shack. Hurry up and Circuit City yourselves.
Ouch. Seems that inventory is extremely limited. TJ, were you able to buy one / order one for store delivery?
I bought one at Radio Shack when it opened at 10 am. I got there at 9:30 a.m. They only had ONE unit of some of the ipad2 in stock. I was second in “line” (there was no line) and I got the only black 32 gb WiFi. Also, they didn’t carry.m. any 64gb models. Sounds like they only had a handful total. People who arrived right at 10 awere turned away. There were maybe 6 people total at 10 a.m. when it opened.Hey All,
We’re in St. John’s right now, and we’re having an insane blast here.
I’m taking lots of photos and videos, so there will be a serious set of updates once I get a chance.
Just wanted to let you all know that I’ve posted our new release, CELEBRATOR, and our brand new t-shirts in the Objects section, so feel free to check those out and maybe even pick up something.
Later,
-D
I saw the Friday gig at CBTG’s in St. John’s. I enjoyed it a lot. In fact, I bought all 3 CD’s. I wish you well….
“Conviction” rules….
Cheers.This angel statue featuring chimes is just one of the many gifts we offer in addition to flowers for your loved ones in Monroe, MI. Angel statues make great gifts for many occasions and can be placed inside for home decor, or outside in gardens or entryways. Place an Angel at the cemetery to honor your loved one. We can place this statue on a marker or grave at any local cemetery in the Monroe area, including Roselawn Cemetery in LaSalle, mi. We even deliver to Pleasantview Cemetery in Petersburg.
We carry many styles of angel statues, so select the one you like best, and send it as a gift to your loved ones in Monroe. Brought to you by Monroe's best place for hand delivered gifts, Monroe County Flowers.Why the concentration on all the 'bad' news the DT wants to spread 'cause they can sell papers or get hits? Why give them the satisfaction of turning on ourselves in these forums, taking their words as gospel when it has proven far from 100%. For all the talk of people leaving we have also seen their positions filled (some ignored by the DT in lieu of the earth shattering loss of the likes of Jess Iver)... Former James Boag and Sons national sales manager Greg Butterworth to become the club's new commercial director. ''He's a real critical part of this change and he's a real process, structured, disciplined sort of guy,'' Perry said. ''Very savvy. We've always worked well together [at Boags] and he's a big asset for the club. He understands rugby league and understands the challenges that lie ahead.'' Former West Coast Eagles staffer Anthony Dignan will become the senior sales manager, while ex-2GB journalist Rachael Cassidy will replace long-serving media manager Peter Peters. Trent Higgs will also join the media unit. Perry remains on the lookout for a merchandising manager. In a bid to reconnect with former players, Darrell Williams has been charged with heading up an old boys' network. And now we have... Dave Warwick happy to remain in player recruitment. Strength and conditioning coach Don Singe (3 years), physio Andre Rickenbach and head trainer Alex Ross. Hardly the sort of news to get your 2011 Premiership knickers in a twist over. So everybody....CHILL THE 'F' OUT!!!!Boardman.. Boardman library on Jan. 13 at 10 a.m. Legos will be provided at this program for ages 6 and.
Puzzle Swap at the library
Swap six of your once-done jigsaw puzzles with others at the Boardman library on Jan. 10 at 4 p.m. This program is.
Games and Gizmos Galore at the library
Play games, share a story and make a flying toy gizmo that flies. Join this one-hour family program for children of all ages at the Boardman library on Jan. 11 at 7 p.m.. Preschoolers must attend with an adult..
Reader’s Choice Book Club announces January meeting
Join the Boardman library on Jan. 8 at 7 p.m. to discuss “Circling the Sun” by Paula McLain. Share your favorite books and find out what new ones are being published. We will preview February’s book, “Rebecca” by Daphne Du Maurier. This program is for adults.
Blood pressure screening at the library
The Mahoning Chapter of the American Red Cross will be at the Boardman library on Jan. 2 from 12:30-2:30 p.m. with blood pressure screenings.
Teen Advisory Board meeting to be Jan. 3
Check out the monthly TAB meeting the first Wednesday of the month at the Boardman library. This month’s event will take place on Jan. 3 at 6:30-8 p.m. Help plan and support teen activities at the library. Meet new people and have fun. Newcomers are always welcome in this program for teens in grades 7.
Puzzle Swap at the library
Swap six of your once done jigsaw puzzles with others. This is offered every second Wednesday of the month at the Boardman library at 4 p.m. For more information, call the Development Office at 330-740-6086.
Bonding with babies and books
This event is for caregivers and their little ones who are 6-23 months. There will be 20 minutes of language enrichment including rhymes, songs and stories, followed by time to play and socialize at the Boardman library every Tuesday in January at 10 a.
Book-a-Librarian offers additional help
If you would like a personal introduction to resources available at the library or need more time with a librarian than you can get over the phone or if you just walk in, this program is for you. Book-a-Librarian sessions are tailored to meet the specific needs of the individual. A library staff member will give undivided attention to customers who want in-depth help with a variety of library services, such as learning to use a computer, email or the internet; downloading e-books and audiobooks, researching a topic, discovering new books and authors, business, non-profit or genealogy help. To schedule an appointment, visit any library, call 330-744-8636 or go online at to book a librarian at ay of the Public Library of Youngstown and Mahoning County..Prepare for another chapter of Emerald Valley quests this Monday for we will have the Farmville Tools of the Trade Quests. We will be doing the usual 6 part challenge as we will help Tinman with a certain tasks in his kingdom. Expect some crafting activities at the Porcelain Shop and the Tinman Fountain. The quests will be open for a limited time of 7 days and after that it will expire.
Quests 1: Farmville Tools of the Trade
Tasks:
Get 7 Munchkin Tools
Harvest 35 Glass Strawberries
- Harvest time: 4 Hours
Craft 2 Munchkin Hats Crates
Reward:
Yellowbrick Duck, 2 Emerald Wood, 150 exp, 3000 coins
Quests 2: Farmville Light the Way
Tasks:
Get 8 Lanterns
Harvest 50 Swirling Blue Fern
- Harvest time: 20 Hours
Craft 2 Frosted Scones
Reward:
Redbrick Tree, 2 Stardust Cement, 200 exp, 3500 coins
Quests 3: Farmville Older and Wiser
Tasks:
Get 9 Map of Shortcuts
Harvest 60 Red Poppy
- Harvest time: 24 Hours
Craft 3 Assorted Macoroons
Reward:
Scarecow, 2 Silver Bell Trowel, 250 exp, 4000 coins
Quests 4: Farmville Sing It Loud
Tasks:
Get 9 Songs to Sing
Harvest 70 Munchkin Flower
- Harvest time: 24 Hours
Make 2 Winkie Harnesses
Reward:
Emerald Apple Tree, 2 Emerald Wood, 300 exp, 4500 coins
Quests 5: Farmville Yellowbrick Picnic
Tasks:
Get 10 Picnic Basket
Harvest 85 Emerald Rye
- Harvest time: 16 Hours
Make 3 Fire Spells
Reward:
Over the Rainbow Dragon, 2 Stardust Cement, 350 exp, 5000 coins
Quests 6: Farmville Courage
Tasks:
Get 12 Liquid Courage
Harvest 100 Pink Square Watermelons
- Harvest time: 72 Hours
Harvest Over the Rainbow Dragon 2 Times
Reward:
Tik Tok Pegasus, 400 exp, 5500 coins, 2 Silver Bell TrowelCristy’s Coconut Cake!
Ok, you have to make this cake! It is easy and it will rock your world! It did mine! Thank you Cristy Burton for the recipe!
Cristy’s Coconut Cake
1 Box of Butter Cake Mix (Any Brand)
1 Can Sweet. Condensed Milk
1 Can of Cream of Coconut
12 oz of Coconut (I use frozen)
Lg. Container of Cool Whip
Prepare and bake cake as instructed in a 9 x 13 pan. While cake is still warm, poke holes allover cake with a fork, toothpick, etc. Mix sweet cond. milk and cream of coconut together and pour over warm cake. Cool completely. Cover with cool whip and then top with coconut. Store in the refrigerator.
AdvertisementsTYNGSBORO -- Greater Lowell Technical High School recently announced its April Students of the Month.
Micah Amnatkeo of Tyngsboro is the Senior of the Month. He is an honor-roll student in the HVAC-R program. He has been recognized in the Caught Doing Good program and is a member of the Music Club.
He works for a local HVAC company through co-op. He volunteers at cleanup events in Lowell. Micah was nominated for being a great student who is always respectful to others.
Emily St. Louis of Dracut is the Junior of the Month. She is a high-honors student in the Health Assisting program and is a member of the National Technical Honor Society. She is a member of the cross-country, swim and spring track teams. She is also an active member of SkillsUSA.
Emily has been recognized in the Caught Doing Good program and has volunteered for the BayState Marathon and Halloween Fun Run. She plans to attend a four-year college. Emily was nominated for working hard and volunteering in the community.
Kenny Dela Cruz of Lowell is the Sophomore of the Month. He is a high-honors student in the Carpentry program. He is an active member of SkillsUSA and won a gold medal in the District IV Carpentry contest.
He attended the SkillsUSA Fall State Leadership Conference, where he participated in a community-service event for the Hopkinton YMCA. He has volunteered at Lowell Winterfest, Empty Bowls, the Merrimack Valley Food Bank and Lowell Folk Festival.
Marin Clarke of Tyngsboro is the Freshman of the Month. She entered Greater Lowell Tech from Tyngsboro Middle School. She is a high-honors student, and competes for the swim and spring track teams.
She belongs to the Chelmsford Swim and Tennis Club. She received the All-Star Award for diving and is active in the church. She hopes to attend college and continue her diving career. Marin was nominated for her hard work and positivity.Flower Shop
Artist: Caroline Ashwood
- Size: 48 x 32 x 1.5 inches (121.9 x 81.3 x 3.8 cm)
- Acrylic on canvas
- Made to Order
- No Frame Required
- Delivery time: up to 21 working days
Description
Extra large flower abstract artwork on large canvas. Textured and washed with multi bright colours. Silver highlights to finish. Ready to hang, no framing required..The Caitlin necklace is named after my niece, who is very fond of pearls and was the recipient of the first one I made in this style.
I thought it would be nice for a Winter Wedding but, of course, it would do for just about any occasion.
It's for sale in my Etsy shop: MarthaHorman for $175.00 US. Mention you saw this on my
blog in a convo to me before purchasing and I will reduce the price to $150.00. This offer
will be good to the end of December, 2013.
This last photo is not the necklace for sale but it is the same length and style and is included so that you may see how it hangs when worn.Route History:
- There is no known route history.
Location:
- Located in Mr. Jimmy approx:
Lat/Long: 37.504585,-88.688968
Route Grade Citations
Route quality
Overall quality score: 71%
Lead Styles
good nice awesome face slabby
Activity Configure
Check out what is happening on Venom (note there is an unresolved system issue where ascents logged before 2010 are not displayed in the stream below). If you just want to see beta then click on view ascents with beta.Prick by Sabrina Paige
My rating: 4 of 5 stars
Okay.. this book was sooooo corny… but I loved it. I am not a huge fan of the step brother romances. I honestly don’t get the appeal. Wait that’s a total lie. I get it, but I just think that it is over played and usually the books end up being way to cheesy for me… Like I said this one was corny towards the end but it wasn’t too much.
I went into this book thinking I was going to hate it. I honestly didn’t think I would finish it. But really they were never related while they were together. Their parents were engaged.. but eh who cares they weren’t related so whatever. Ive never had a problem with it being taboo but just in case that is one of your hangups.. it’s written to where they aren’t actual step siblings while they are together.
What made the book awesome— Caulter and Kate. Kate was a priss with attitude. I was afraid she was going to be TSTL character but she wasn’t! YAY. I actually liked her quite a lot. Especially since Caulter was a douche bag at first.. Kate gave it right back to him though. I absolutely loved the love/hate thing they had going on. I also loved that we got Caulter POV. I am 100% sure that if I didn’t get his thoughts, I would have hated the book, because he would have just looked like a total Prick. But because we knew what he was actually thinking, he was easy to fall in love with.Session: B.4 - Oceanography(Convener: )
Title: Global mean ocean mass changes from GRACE and its uncertainties
Presenter: Zhang, Liangjing
Co-Authors: H. Dobslaw, V. Klemann, M. Thomas
Abstract: Global mean sea level is an important indicator of climate change, and its medium- to long-term prediction is important for many economic and societal decisions. However, large differences are found between the ocean mass component of the sea level budget from previous analysis due to the different data, post-processing methods, and time spans applied. In our recent efforts at GFZ to post-process GRACE Stokes coefficients into gridded Level-3 surface mass anomaly estimates, the barystatic sea level change is estimated together with geocenter variations through an iterative method (Bergmann et. al. 2014) for the period from April 2002 to September 2016, resulting in an average mass-induced sea-level rise of 1.93 mm/y.
We analyze uncertainties arising from geocenter variations (0.16 mm/y), C20 replacement (0.18 mm/y), glacial isostatic adjustment (GIA: 1.24 mm/y) and different spatial smoothing and leakage corrections (0.13 mm/y), thereby revealing the importance of an accurate GIA model for the sea-level estimate. Further, the global mass budget is closed by considering GRACE-based mass changes over the continents, that need to correspond additive-inversely to the changes in ocean mass. Results are further compared with estimates from other GRACE releases including the latest JPL RL05M data. Good agreement is found between the land contributions to sea level change, while the directly calculated barystatic sea level change is found to be larger than that from JPL RL05M, especially after the year 2012.
Back to top
Title: Improving global tide models using GRACE data
Presenter: Egbert, Gary
Co-Authors: R. D. Ray
Abstract: We will discuss our ongoing efforts to use GRACE data to improve global tide models, primarily at high latitudes. Estimates of errors in the GOT4.7 model, parameterized in spherical harmonics up to degree and order 90, have been estimated from GRACE Level-1B data. The resulting estimates can already be used to correct tide models used for orbit calculations, and have been made available to the mission. However, to be useful for most all other applications, these corrections need to be incorporated into a modern high resolution tidal model. We are using the OSU Tidal Inversion Software (OTIS) to assimilate the GRACE results, initially to derive a correction to our current global tide model, TPXO.8. In future we plan to experiment with simultaneous assimilation of multi-mission altimetry and GRACE tide solutions. The principal modifications of OTIS required for this work include implementation of representer calculations for observation functionals corresponding to spherical harmonic coefficients, and characterization of data errors. We will outline our approach, and discuss progress towards initial inversion results.
Title: Using ECCO2 to understand bottom pressure and AMOC variability
Presenter: Meyer, Jordan
Co-Authors: D. Chambers.
The Atlantic Meridional Overturning Circulation (AMOC) is an important component of the Earth’s climate system and variability in its magnitude can have large effects on the transport of heat to the northern hemisphere. A few efforts are in place to monitor this circulation, the longest running being the RAPID array of moorings at 26.5°N. Remotely sensed ocean bottom pressure data from the Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) and the GRACE-Followon mission may provide a way to measure the deep currents associated with the AMOC along the entire western side of the Atlantic. This could allow us to better understand how representative AMOC variability measured at one latitude is for the entire basin. To better understand the relationship between bottom pressure and AMOC transport, we use ocean bottom pressure and velocity data from the second Estimating the Circulation and Climate of the Ocean (ECCO2) state estimate run at Jet Propulsion Laboratory. We have calculated transport of the current above and below 1000m using monthly averaged meridional velocity estimates from ECCO2 at 26.5°N and compared those to the transports calculated by the RAPID array, finding reasonable agreement. We have furthermore examined the transport in ECCO2 at all latitudes in the Atlantic and performed a principal component analysis to quantify the leading mode of variability and test if it is coherent at all latitudes. Finally, we have examined the cross-correlation between the transport calculated with velocity estimates and ocean bottom pressure anomalies to understand the pattern and spatial extent of pressure changes, to see if they are recoverable with new GRACE mascon solutions.
Title: Observing bottom currents associated with the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Current (AMOC) using GRACE
Presenter: Chambers, Don
Co-Authors:J. Meyer
Abstract: Utilizing yearly-averaged bottom pressure anomaly mascon maps from both the Center for Space Research and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, we investigate meridional bottom currents along the continental slope in the western Atlantic. This is different than the method used by Landerer et al (2015), which examined bottom pressure gradients across the Atlantic basin. We show that method is corrupted by long-wavelength anti-correlated trends in GRACE-observed bottom pressure in the western and eastern half of the basins, leading to a trend in deep transport in the opposite direction than is observed by an in situ array. Computing local bottom pressure gradients (i.e., geostrophic bottom currents) minimizes the effect of this long-wavelength signal. We find variability in the local bottom currents along the continental shelf north of the Gulf Stream separation that is consistent with the observed upper geostrophic transport at 26.5°N, including a similar trend -- indicating a slow down of the upper limb of the AMOC. We also find anti-correlated bottom currents east of the shelf in water deeper than 4000 meters that is consistent with the inferred slow-down of the North Atlantic Deep Water.
Title: Deep-ocean warming in the subtropical South Pacific over the last decade
Presenter: Landerer, Felix
Co-Authors: D Volkov, S-K Lee, R Lumpkin
Abstract: The persistent energy imbalance at the top of the atmosphere, inferred from satellite measurements, indicates that the Earth’s climate system continues to accumulate excess heat. As only sparse and irregular measurements of ocean heat below 2000m depth exist, one of the most challenging questions in global climate change studies is whether the excess heat has already penetrated into the deep ocean. Here we report on a comprehensive analysis of satellite (altimetry, gravimetry) and in situ measurements, and find that a significant deep-ocean warming occurred in the subtropical South Pacific Ocean over the past decade (2005–2014). The local accumulation of heat accounted for up to a quarter of the global ocean heat increase for that time period, with an inferred deep ocean (below 2000 m) contribution of up to 10%. We further demonstrate that this heat accumulation is consistent with a decade-long intensification of the subtropical convergence, possibly linked to the persistent La Niña-like state.
Title: Linking Oceanic Tsunamis and Geodetic Gravity Changes of Large Earthquakes
Presenter: Fu, Yuning
Co-Authors: Y.T. Song, R.S. Gross
Abstract: Large earthquakes at subduction zones usually generate tsunamis and coseismic gravity changes. These two independent oceanic and geodetic signatures of earthquakes can be observed individually by modern geophysical observational networks. The Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) twin-satellites can detect gravity changes induced by large earthquakes, while altimetry satellites and Deep-Ocean Assessment and Reporting of Tsunamis (DART) buoys can observe resultant tsunamis. In this study, we introduce a method to connect the oceanic tsunami measurements with the geodetic gravity observations, and apply it to the 2004 Sumatra Mw 9.2 earthquake, the 2010 Maule Mw 8.8 earthquake and the 2011 Tohoku Mw 9.0 Earthquake. Our results indicate consistent agreement between these two independent measurements. Since seafloor displacement is still the largest puzzle in assessing tsunami hazards and its formation mechanism, our study demonstrates a new approach to utilizing these two kinds of measurements for better understanding of large earthquakes and tsunamis.
Poster Title: Direct Calculation of Relative Sea Level Fingerprints from GRACE Mascon Solutions
Presenter: Krichman, Benjamin
Co-Authors:
Abstract: Relative sea level (RSL) refers to the sea level as measured by a tide gauge or ocean bottom pressure recorder, rather than the absolute sea level measured from the geocenter. The RSL change resulting from mass exchange between the oceans and continental sources is not evenly distributed across the world ocean due to self-attraction and loading effects. These spatial variations in RSL changes are referred to as the RSL fingerprints. The fingerprints can be thought of as a weighing factor that relates the local RSL to the mean ocean RSL. RSL fingerprints are generally calculated by solving the sea level equation with model or land data inputs. Here, an attempt is made to calculate RSL fingerprints directly as a ratio of local behavior to the mean ocean, using GRACE mascon solutions. Specifically, the fingerprints corresponding to the annual mass cycle of the ocean are calculated directly and compared to previous work.
Poster Title: Accounting for gravitational and loading effects of land ice on absolute sea level?
Presenter: Ponte, Rui
Co-Authors: K.J. Quinn
Abstract: Gravitational attraction and loading (GAL) effects associated with ongoing long-term changes in land ice are expected to cause spatially varying trends in absolute sea level (ASL), as measured by satellite altimeters. The largest spatial gradients in ASL trends, predicted from solving the Sea Level Equation using GRACE retrievals of mass distribution over land for the period 2005-15, occur near Greenland and West Antarctica, consistent with a strong local land ice loss. Misinterpreting the estimated static GAL trends in ASL as dynamic pressure gradients can lead to errors in large-scale geostrophic transports of order 10 Sv (1 Sv=1,000,000 cubic meters per second) across the Southern Ocean and the subpolar North Atlantic over the analyzed decade. South of Greenland, where altimeter sea level and hydrography (Argo) data coverage is good, the residual ASL minus steric height trends are similar in magnitude and sign to the gravitationally based predictions. In addition, estimated GAL-related trends are as large, if not larger than other factors such as deep steric height, dynamic bottom pressure, and glacial isostatic rebound. Thus, using GRACE to estimate and account for static GAL effects on ASL records, commonly neglected in oceanographic studies, seems important for quantitative interpretation of the observed ASL trends.Sherry Ward has spent decades crafting and selling handmade goods, everything from quilts to crocheted hats to costumes for tribal dancers. But last year, she decided she needed a new way to reach customers.
She was getting tired of traveling to countless craft fairs -- one of the biggest venues for her work -- and packing and unpacking boxes of products. So she began offering some of her creations on Etsy Inc.'s online marketplace for handmade goods.
Now she gets steady orders from the site and recently sold a batch of hats to a shop in Europe.
"I love that it's an international community and that it's primarily focused on handmade things," says the 60-year-old from Maryville, Tenn. "You can get a good price for your products, and they don't charge you so much that you lose all your profits."
Every entrepreneur faces an uphill battle -- but artists and craftspeople have an especially rough time. They turn out small batches of items with a big investment of time, and often find themselves trying to reach an extremely small audience. And most of the time, they're crafting their wares while holding down a day job.
Now they can get help from the Web. In recent years, hundreds of sites have popped up where craftspeople can sell everything from handmade jewelry to fine art for a relatively small charge -- usually a flat monthly fee plus a commission on sales.
"Throughout history, artists have been dependent on dealers and galleries," says Eric Sparre, founder of Artspan LLC, a site where artists can showcase their work and connect with buyers and galleries. "Now, they can do their own marketing. It's a very empowering thing, and it levels the playing field."
For amateur artists, the lure of these sites is simple: It's a painless way to earn money from a hobby. "Selling online is so convenient, especially with having other responsibilities," says Samantha Kuykendall, a 26-year-old stay-at-home mom in Independence, Mo., who sells jewelry on Etsy. "You can do what you love to do, but you don't feel responsibility about meeting a quota or making someone else happy. Doing it on my time and doing what I enjoy is what makes it great."
For pros, the sites are a way to streamline an existing business. For instance, craftspeople who want to test out new products usually must make up a whole batch of items and lug them to craft fairs to see if they sell. With Web marketplaces, artists can make a single prototype, list it online and see how many people click.
And, of course, they can get their work before a much broader audience. Karena Colquhoun has sold her digital images and prints on Etsy for a couple of years. The 40-year-old says the site offered a chance to move beyond the confines of her fairly small community of Adelaide, Australia.
"Putting my work out there has also brought my artwork to the attention of clients requesting commissions and retailers who wish to stock my products," says Ms. Colquhoun, who sells 40 to 120 items a month on Etsy at an average price of about $25.
Pamela Larsson-Toscher, a 60-year-old oil painter in Santa Barbara, Calif., has landed gallery showings thanks to her exposure on Artspan. "When I've gone in to talk to galleries and I tell them I'm on Artspan, they look at me differently," she says. "I think it makes me look more professional."
Since moving online, Ms. Larsson-Toscher says, she has sold her paintings for $750 to $10,000, and has generated enough income to quit her full-time job as a sign-language interpreter.
Craftspeople also say they appreciate the smaller scale of the sites. Many artisans who list their items on eBay say that their work gets lost on the popular auction site, where it's competing with tens of thousands of other products -- both handmade and mass produced. In comparison, many popular craft sites offer work from just a few thousand artists.
"I have done a few things on eBay, but eBay gets so overwhelming," says Ms. Kuykendall. "It's hard because when you do something handmade like that, it kind of drowns on that site."
Jim Griffith, dean of education for eBay Inc., replies that successfully selling your own crafts or artwork in any venue takes lots of promotion. He adds, "We still think eBay brings the highest buyer traffic...when it comes to looking for unique, unusual items, and that include arts and crafts created by individuals."
Ease of use is another big plus for many artists, who often don't have the time or technical know-how to create full-featured sites of their own. Many online marketplaces simply ask you to upload photos and descriptions of your work, and they handle the rest, including payments from customers. The artists are usually responsible for shipping, however.
Some sites make things even easier. At Shana Logic Inc.'s site, for instance, founder Shana Victor photographs all the items and handles every aspect of sales, including shipping. But the site works a bit differently than most. Ms. Victor, a 31-year-old from Ann Arbor, Mich., handpicks the items that appear on the site; artists can't list anything they want. "People submit work, and if I find it appropriate to my brand, I accept it," Ms. Victor says. "I'm very picky."
Of course, the sites won't solve all the problems artists face. For one thing, there's marketing. Most of the sites take out ads and try to get prime placement on search engines. But individual artists must still find ways to stand out -- whether trying to build word of mouth on blogs or building sites of their own where people can get more information about their work.
Potential sellers should also get ready for a big reality check: These sites can help you bring in extra cash, but most likely not enough to quit your day job. Even professional artists often do limited sales online, and have to maintain their regular real-world businesses to make ends meet.
Ms. Ward, for instance, currently sells only about $300 to $500 of merchandise a month online. She still has to travel to fairs, and sell antiques, to maintain her business. "I would like to build [the online operation] to the point where I could sustain myself on it, but I'm not close to that at this time," she says.
--Ms. Tibken is a reporter for Dow Jones Newswires in Jersey City, N.J. She can be reached at shara.tibken@dowjones.com4.
Over mij
I am a PDEng student, working on the design of optimum flow conditions for spray drying of milk in a vortex chamber.In 2011, I obtained my BSc degree in Chemical Engineering from University of the Punjab, Pakistan. In 2015, I completed my MSc degree in Chemical and Energy Engineering at the Otto von Guericke University, Germany. The master thesis topic was based on a numerical study of penetration depth for different fuels (methane, biogas, methanol) in a PFR (Parallel Flow Regenerative) shaft kiln.
Verbonden aan
Onderzoek
My research is on the design and optimization of air flow and spray conditions for milk in a lab scale vortex chamber spray dryer. The high temperature and high-G acceleration in vortex chamber intensifies the heat, mass and momentum transfer. This leads to reduction in investment costs, energy savings, operational flexibility and product innovation.This research focuses on developing a CFD model that provides insights to the complex multiphase flow inside the dryer. The model can then be used to design experiments and provide scale up rules.
Pure Link
Current Projects
Contactgegevens
Bezoekadres
Universiteit Twente
Faculteit Engineering Technology
Horst - Ring (gebouwnr. 21), kamer N 226
De Horst 2
7522LW Enschede
Universiteit Twente
Faculteit Engineering Technology
Horst - Ring N 226
Postbus 217
7500 AE Enschede~Like a moth to the flame, bursting with light, I eagerly follow and put forth no fight~wings spread outward fluttering fast, I am hoping to captivate love at long last~burning the edges as I ignite in flame when I finally realize that it’s not a game~I struggle to back track to gain back my strength […]
via ~The Moth~ — Bipolar Tapestry~Poetic Thoughts
AdvertisementsFollowing their single release of “No Le Hablen De Amor,” CD9 have released an EP, .5.
This EP, however, manages to showcase a completely new sound for the Mexican boyband – they’re venturing into the urban scene with this 5 track EP. And it’s working really well for them, to be honest.
The EP includes the tracks:
“No Le Hablen de Amor”
“Nadie Te Amara”
“Lio en la Cabeza”
“Rompecabezas”
“Que Le Importa a la Gente”
CD9 are definitely becoming heavy-hitters in the scene – although the rhythms of the songs are different, the lyrics and slower verses are synonymous with their original music. They aren’t straying too far from what makes them great artists.
We’re excited to see where the band takes their music next (and we’re still waiting for a collaboration with CNCO, by the way).
Make sure to give the EP a listen on Spotify, Apple Music, or Deezer.
Love the EP? Let us know what you think by tweeting us @CelebMix or by leaving your reaction below.Nearly 65% of Florida stations out of gas in some areas as Irma nears of its gas stations, according to GasBuddy.
"You just have such incredible demand for gas right now as people pack up and leave," said James Miller, director of communications for the Florida Petroleum Marketers and Convenience Store Association.
The gas shortages were exacerbated by "panic-buying" earlier this week from Florida residents worried about Hurricane Irma's uncertain path.
The other problem: Last week, Hurricane Harvey rocked the Gulf Coast's refinery system, causing major outages that disrupted fuel deliveries to Florida and other markets.
Now, there are signs that massive demand for gas caused by Hurricane Irma is spreading to Florida's neighbors to the north.
In Georgia,, Governor Scott has also taken several steps to try to speed up gas deliveries and encourage gas stations to remain open as long as possible. He's gone so far as to offer police escorts for fuel delivery trucks shipping gas to stations along evacuation routes.
"That's been a huge help and will continue to be," said Miller.
Scott also offered police escorts for gas station employees to ensure they're able to get out safely before the storm hits.
Florida residents who do manage to find gas should expect to pay more.
Mostly due to the impact of Hurricane Harvey, the average gallon of gas in Florida sold for $2.73 on Saturday, according to AAA. That's up from $2.20 a month ago.Spackman Entertainment - Kicks Off First Acquisition Spree
- On 14 Aug, Spackman announced its proposed acquisition of Take Pictures, a start-up film production company founded by a veteran movie producer.
- Take Pictures currently has a strong line-up of 10 film projects. Acquiring this company would enable Spackman to expand its annual movie production capacity – which is in line with its commitment to continually seek acquisitions that strategically add accretive value to its existing movie production business.
Take Pictures was founded and is owned by veteran producer Mr Song Dae-Chan.
- Mr Song spent 13 years working alongside Spackman Entertainment Group’s (Spackman) chief producer, Ms Eugene Lee who is also the CEO of Zip Cinema. He began his career in 2002, apprenticing under Mr Kang Je-kyu, the director of classic hits like Shiri (1999) and Taegukki (2004) at the eponymous film company, Kang Je-Gyu Film Company.
- Mr Song continued his career at BOM Pictures, working with Ms Lee on the feature, A Bittersweet Life (2005), before joining her at Zip Cinema – where they collaborated on numerous projects for the next 12 years.
Increasing Spackman’s annual movie production capacity.
- Take Pictures, a a start-up motion picture production company founded by Mr Song, has developed and owns a strong line-up of 10 film projects. The projects include those co-produced with Spackman’s indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary Zip Cinema, like The Priests 2.
Golden Slumber slated for 2H17 release.
- Golden Slumber, a remake of the 2010 Japanese film with the same name, is based on a novel by Isaka Kotaro. The film is about a mail courier who is falsely accused of assassinating a presidential candidate. The movie will star A-list Korean artistes – Mr Kang Dong-Won plays Kim Gun Woo, the mail courier, while Ms Han Hyo-joo plays Sun Young, his first love and a traffic news announcer. Filming is already close to being completed, and the movie may hit the big screen by 2H17.
- Similar to Master, Golden Slumber is produced by Zip Cinema and will be distributed by CJ Entertainment. With Spackman’s proven track record, we expect this movie to be profitable. We also conservatively estimate (ie base case) 4m ticket admissions for this movie, which would likely yield a profit of USD2.6m for Spackman.
Undertaking a strategic review, embarking on more acquisitions.
-.
- However, due to higher-than-expected marketing costs for Master, we cut our FY17F NPAT by 14.5%. Thus, our DCF-based TP drops to SGD0.23. Maintain BUY.
- The downside risk to our call is a poorer-than-expected reception to its movies.
Jarick Seet RHB Invest | 2017-08-16
RHB Invest SGX Stock Analyst Report 0.23 Down 0.270Expensive Cosmetics idea
by swisslady45
I have an expensive cosmetic compact and I was not able to get a refill where I live.I hated to just throw it away. I already had a pretty mirror compact in my purse so here’s my idea : I use cotton rounds to remove my make up so i clean out my old powder compact and filled it with my cotton rounds to remove my make up instead of packing them in zip locks I love it one more great way to keep things pretty.
AdvertisementsCSUF students ‘Unite to Rise Above Apathy’
Santa Ana-based spoken word artist and poet Abraham Medina
Santa Ana-based spoken word artist and poet Abraham Medina
The Eighth Annual Social Justice Summit was held at Cal State Fullerton with over 600 attendees on Saturday. The free all-day event organized by the Volunteer and Service Center featured speakers and workshops with the theme “Unite to Rise Above Apathy.” Over 50 student volunteers facilitated 24 workshops during three sessions led by campus professors, community activists, artists and students. The hour-long workshops featured discussions and presentations about the most pressing social justice issues today.
Students had a diverse range of workshops to choose from over the course of the day. CSUF professor Jarret Lovell, Ph.D. hosted a circle discussion about nonviolent civil disobedience.
"Occupy" panel featuring Occupy activists from LA and Santa Ana
"Occupy" panel featuring Occupy activists from LA and Santa Ana
The “Occupy” workshop featured activists from Occupy Santa Ana and Occupy Los Angeles, with the discussion starting off with a “Mic check!” During the workshop “RACISM-Alive and Breeding: Recognizing its Different Forms,” led by Don Han, from OC Human Relations, participants broke off into groups to discuss their experiences with racism.
The presentation given by Santa Ana’s El Centro Cultural de Mexico, “Immigration Policy Change at a Local Level through Arts and Culture,” started with guitars and songs leading into a presentation about local activism.
Ron Thomas, father of Kelly Thomas, who was beaten and tasered by police last year in Fullerton, presented information about homelessness and mental illness during his workshop in the Titan Theatre.
Other workshops featured presentations on topics such as Middle Eastern relations, human trafficking, feminism, organic food, immigration, free trade policies, women of Juarez and U.S. militarization of Latin American schools.
Michelle Portillo, Fullerton resident and CSUF alumna, came to the summit after reading about the event in a community paper. The preschool teacher and mother of four brought her husband Carlos and 15-year-old son Jesse.
“I think I’ve been very apathetic … there’s been so many cuts to education, (the preschool has) felt it and we don’t have a whole lot of support,” said Portillo. “I was feeling discouraged and I saw ‘Rise Above Apathy’ and I thought ‘oh my goodness, I have got to grab my family.’”
Portillo and her family went to the workshop, “Abolishing the Prison Industrial Complex,” presented by CSUF professor Brady Heiner.
“For me, I always thought the punishment fit the crime,” she said. “The statistics (he) talked about gave me a different set of eyes now because I have more compassion and I realized that it’s unjust.”
The summit began with keynote speaker Jeb Middlebrook, Ph.D., from the Solidarity Institute, and ended with Abraham Medina, a Santa Ana-based spoken word artist and activist, performing. Medina said he has been a part of the event before, and was drawn back into it by the theme of this year’s summit.
“Apathy and the illusion of neutrality can be fatal in a moment of crisis,” said Medina. “When you have to take a stand, when you have to take action … definitely one of the first things … (is asking) ‘What are the consequences of not doing anything?'”
Among his performances were passionate pieces about the experiences of undocumented immigrants, including a piece about the controversial Arizona legislation SB 1070. He said his spoken word pieces are an attempt to humanize the undocumented immigrant experience for his audience.
“We first have to overcome the fear,” Medina said. “The first thing is being undocumented and unafraid because our stories have to be told … at the moment that you personalize the issue, people relate to you.”
Medina shared the floor in front of the stage with Christian Lopez after his performance. Lopez, in a wheelchair due to muscular dystrophy, was Medina’s surprise guest speaker. They met during the summit earlier in the afternoon where Lopez shared his work with Medina.
Medina invited him to join in the spotlight. After Medina’s performance, Lopez read a piece about the injustices relating to discrimination against the disabled.
Karley White, a project director for the event, said the annual Social Justice Summit encourages participants to get out of their comfort zone to learn about issues affecting them.
To go along with the idea of “getting people out of their comfort zone,” the summit in the Titan Student Union was complete with signs on the restrooms that read “Gender Neutral,” the idea of public restrooms not conforming to the gender roles of society.
White said the small change to the restrooms in the TSU for the conference shows it is not just an event, but instead an experience where organizers and speakers strive to change perceptions as well as create dialogue.
Originally featured in The Daily Titan
Amber Stephens
amber.stephens@gmail.com
Great post, do you know what happened to the officers involved with the death of Kelly Thomas? It’s good to see his father is working towards raising awareness about neglected topics.
Thanks! Two officers were charged and both are out on bail. Next court date is May 7th. Only one of them was charged with murder, but it was the first time an on-duty police officer has been charged with murder in OC. Here’s the LA Times article about it:
I appreciate the link and the answer to my question. I look out for further information on the trial.Thank you to Jena Jake for today’s guest post.
First I want to thank Melissa for allowing me to be a guest blogger on her site. Let me start by introducing myself.
My name is Jena Jake. I am the mother of two amazing daughters. One is diagnosed ASD. I am a counselor and the author of a program called BUFFERS and BREAKTHROUGHS. BUFFERS and BREAKTHROUGHS is a coping program designed to support caregivers of children with ASD. The program encourages parents to use their unique circumstances of having a child with ASD to go to the next level in the Parent’s life.
BUFFERS is a 7 step acronym that guides participants step by step to actually “BUFFER” themselves to be able to “Breakthrough” to live more consciously with passion and purpose! Buffers and Breakthroughs is about embracing Autism on your own terms!
I asked myself, as a parent of a child with ASD what would I most want to know? For me the answer is simple; how do I live the rest of my life with ASD and all of it challenges? Furthermore, how do I live the amazing and passionate life I have always wanted? Well, that is what I am going to discuss today.
Victoria Osteen, wife of the famous orator Joel Osteen wrote that one has to let go of one thing to grab onto to something better. My first suggestion is to be willing to let go of the ‘status quo’ to be able to be free to grab something better. Living better is living more consciously! Ask any expert and they will tell you must have a plan. Put yourself on your to-do list and make a plan of what is working and discard what is not! That is the ‘B’ in my BUFFERS program, which stands for Boundaries, Breaks and Balance. Know what your boundaries are and make sure you keep yourself on your to-do list. Take self-care seriously to master balance. Remember, taking breaks is not a luxury but a necessity!
Start your roadmap at the end and work backward. Where do I want to end up? How did I get there? What was the step before that? Keep asking yourself these questions until you arrive where you are right now.
Remember you are the parent of a child with ASD, so in my opinion you are already a high performer! Start thinking of yourself as one! What do high performers do?
Besides having a plan and a roadmap they have a toolbox to go and pull out the right “tool”at the right moment. They know how to manage a crisis and put out fires.
A toolbox means everything: from ensuring a successful outing to getting through a crisis, to looking at the glass half full! For example, going to a restaurant? What will I need to have a great meal? What reinforcing items could I take? Ipad, ipod,and headphones? Check! Favorite toy? Check! If an unexpected crisis arises no worries! I have a plan for that too! I am prepared to handle it and keep moving.
I have a BUFFERS checklist that I run in a crisis situation. The checklist is part of the program I created. I run the steps to the acronym BUFFERS to keep myself calm and engaged in making the situation better and keep moving on. By Keeping a bad moment in check it is possible to maintain the positive healthy environment you need to move forward. A bad moment is just that, a bad moment. It does not signify a bad life! Having a go-to tool will keep you on task and not let the situation get the best of you!
Mostly, I use the first ‘F’ in my program, it stands for ‘Find Something Bigger than Yourself ‘ for example: a prayer to please help me get through this moment or asking for strength in the moment. I use ‘U: ‘Unearth New Territory’ to help me ask myself what new idea can I bring to this moment?
Once I am focused on something ‘new’ and not how sorry I feel for myself is when things start to change! You are the only one who has the power to give you a new life. That is what high performers do they adapt and overcome by thinking out of the box!
Next time you are having a raw moment take a breath and think of one new thing to gain back control and get things going in your favor. You will be amazed as to what you come up with! You may have a hard life because you live with Autism. Autism never takes the day off and is always around yelling and screaming and making its presence known like an uninvited relative that won’t go away! It can be a feeling of heaviness like dragging a hundred pound weight everywhere you go! Well, is it a 100 pounds of coal or 100 pounds of gold? What is unique about your circumstances that makes you valuable or marketable to others? You get to choose! You are an expert in Autism and for sure an expert in your own child! You understand on an intimate level, what loving someone with a chronic illness is like! You have compassion and empathy! What other unique skills do you bring to the table? For Instance I am a counselor. Autism and counseling were two of the strongest forces in my life. I used them as assets that lead me to the creation of my program and here I am today…ready and willing to use my unique gifts to help others! I invite you to do the same and join me! How can you use your unique gifts to serve another in some way? There is nothing like feeling good because you helped someone else. That will make you feel great and realize that you just found something bigger than yourself. In this author’s opinion, that is something that Autism can’t take away because it is much bigger! I hope that this post has helped and motivated you to action! Please respond I love feedback! Visit me at. Thanks!NVIDIA today announced that it has named Bob Worrall, a longtime Sun Microsystems executive, as its Chief Information Officer (CIO).
Worrall, 50, whose appointment takes effect immediately, reports to NVIDIA president and chief executive officer Jen-Hsun Huang.
Worrall served as Sun's CIO from 2005 to 2010, and had previously held a variety of senior technology roles at the company, which he joined in 1990.
"I am delighted to welcome Bob to NVIDIA's executive team," Huang said. ."
Worrall holds an MBA and bachelor's degree from California State University, East Bay..
KeywordsERT HRT Lipids Lipoproteins Atherosclerotic diseases Coronary heart disease Cardioprotective effect of estrogen
References
- 1.Nathan L, Chaudhuri G (1997) Estrogens and atherosclerosis. Annu Rev Pharmacol Toxicol l37:477–515CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 2.Chang TC, Lien YR, Chen M, Cheng SP et al (2004) Effect of conjugated eguine estrogen in combination with two different progestogens on the risk factors of coronary heart disease in postmenopausal Chinese women in Taiwan: a randomized one-year study. Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 83:661–666PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 3.Christodoulakos GE, Lambrinoudaki IV, Panoulis CP, Papadias CA, Kouskouni EE et al (2004) Effect of hormone replacement therapy, tibolone and raloxifene on serum lipids and lipoprotein in Greek postmenopausal women. Gynecol Endocrinol 18:244–257PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 4.Solomon CG, Dluhy (2003) Rethinking postmenopausal hormone therapy. N Engl J Med 348:579–580PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 5.Writing Group for the Women’s Health Initiative (WHI) Investigators (2002) Risk and benefits of estrogen plus progestin in healthy postmenopausal women. JAMA 288:321–333CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 6.Grady D, Yaffe K, Kristof M, Lin F, Richards C, Barrett-Connor E (2002) Effect of postmenopausal hormone therapy on cognatitive function: The Heart and Estrogen/Progestin Replacement Study. Am J Med 113:543–548PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 7.Ettinger B, Friedman GD, Bush T, Quesenberry CP (1996) Reduced mortality associated with long-term postmenopausal estrogen therapy. Obstet Gynecol 87:6–12PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 8.Wiklund I, Karlberg J, Mattsson LA (1993) Quality of life of postmenopausal women on a regimen of transdermal estradiol therapy: a double-blind placebo-controlled study. Am J Obstet Gynecol 168:824–830PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 9.Grady D (2003) Postmenopausal hormones—therapy for symptoms only. N Engl J Med 348:1835–1837PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 10.Grambrell RD Jr (1982) The menopause: benefits and risk of estrogen-progestogen replacement therapy. Fertil Steril 37:457–474Google Scholar
- 11.Wolf PH, Madans JH, Finucane FF, Higgins M, Kleinman JC (1991) Reduction of cardiovascular disease-related mortality among postmenopausal women who use hormones: evidence from a national cohort. Am J Obstet Gynecol 164:489–494PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 12.Gibbons WF, Judd HL, Luciano AA et al (1991) Comparison sequential versus continious estrogen/progestin replacement therapy on serum lipid patterns: Multiuniversity National Upjohn study Collaborative. Society for Gynecologic InvestigationGoogle Scholar
- 13.Odmark IS, Backstrom T, Haeger M, Jonsson B, Bixo M (2004) Effects of continous combined conjugated estrogen/medroxyprogesterone acetate on lipids and lipoproteins. Maturitas 48:137–146PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 14.Hirvonen E, Malkonen M, Mannihen V (1981) Effects of different progestogens on lipoproteins during postmenopausal replacement therapy. N Engl J Med 304:560–563PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 15.Lobo RA, Pickar JH, Wild RA, Wash B et al (1994) Metabolic impact of adding medroxyprogesterone acetate to conjugated estrogen therapy in postmenopausal women. Obstet Gynecol 84:987–995PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 16.Kim CJ, Jang HC, Cho DH, Min YK (1994) Effects of hormone replacement therapy on lipoprotein(a) and lipids in postmenopausal women. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol 14:275–281Google Scholar
- 17.Gurakar A, Hoeg JM, Kostner G, Papadopoulos NM et al (1985) Levels of lipoprotein Lp(a) decline with neomycin and niacin treatment. Atherosclerosis 57:293–301PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 18.Meilahn EN, Kuller LH, Matthews KA, Stein EA (1991) Lp(a) concentrations among pre-and postmenopausal women over time: the Healthy Women Study. Circulation 84(suppl II):II-546. AbstractGoogle Scholar
- 19.Nabulsi AA, Folsom AR, White A, Patsch W, Heiss G et al (1993) Association of hormone-replacement theraby with various cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women. N Engl J Med 15:1069–1075CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 20.Wahl P, Walden CW, Knopp R, Hoover J et al (1983) Effect of estrogen progestin potency on lipid/lipoprotein cholesterol. N Engl J Med 308:862–867PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 21.Hirvonen E, Maelkoenen M, Manninen V (1981) Effect of different progestogen on lipoproteins during postmenopausal replacement therapy. N Engl J Med 304:560–563PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 22.Kannel WB, Hjoortland MC, McNamara PM, Gordon T (1976) Menopause and risk of cardiovascular disease. The Framingham Study. Ann Intern Med 85:447–452PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 23.Smith DC, Prentice R, Thompson DJ, Herrman WL (1975) Association of exogenous estrogen and endometrial carcinoma. N Engl J Med 293:1164–1167PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 24.Aygen EM, Basbug M, Tayyar M, Kaya E (1988) The effects of different doses of medroxyprogesterone acetate on serum lipids, lipoprotein levels and atherogenic index in the menopausal period. Gynecol Endocrinol 12:267–272CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 25.Green A, Brain C (1993) Epidemiological overview of estrogen replacement and cardiovascular disease. Balliere’s Clin Endocrinol Metab 7:95–112CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 26.Ylikorkala O, Lim P, Caubel P (2000) Effects on serum lipid profiles of continuous combined 17B-estradiol/norethisterone acetate hormone replacement therapy. Clin Ther 22:622–626PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 27.Kojima K, Abe-Dohmae S, Arakawa R et al (2001) Progesterone inhibits apolipoprotein-mediated cellular lipid release: a putative mechanism for the decrease of high-density lipoprotein. Biochim Biophys Acta 1532:173–184PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 28.Godsland IF (2001) Effects of postmenopausal hormone replacement therapy on lipid, lipoprotein and apolipoprotein(a) concentrations: analysis of studies published from 1974–2000. Fertil Steril 75:898–915PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 29.van Baal WM, Kenemans P, Emeis JJ et al (1999) Long-term effects of combined hormone replacement therapy on markers of endothelial functial and inflammatory activity in healthy postmenopausal women. Fertil Steril 71:663–670PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 30.Knopp RH (1998) The effect of postmenopausal estrogen therapy on the incidence of arteriosclerotic vascular disease. Obstet Gynecol 72:23S–30SGoogle Scholar
- 31.Baracat EC, Barbosa IC, Giordano MG et al (2002) A randomised, open-lable study of conjugated equine estrogens plus medroxyprogesterone acetate versus tibolone: effects of symptom control, bleeding pattern, lipid profile and tolerability. Climacteric 5:60–69PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 32.Mendelsohn ME, Karas RH (1999) The protective effects of estrogen on the cardiovascular system. N Engl J med 340:1801–1811PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 33.Erenus M, Karakoc B, Gurler A (2001) Comprasion of effects of continuous combined transdermal with oral estrogen and oral progestogen replacement therapies on serum lipoproteins and compliance. Climacteric 4:228–234PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 34.Paterson ME, Sturdee DW, Moore B, Whitehead TP (1980) The effect of various regimens of hormone therapy on serum cholesterol and triglyceride concentrations in postmenopausal women. Br J Obstet Gynecol 87:552–560Google Scholar
- 35.Barrett-Connor E, Wingard DL, Criqui MH (1989) Postmenopausal estrogen use and heart disease risk factors in the 1980s. Rancho Bernardo, Calif, revisited. J Am Med Assoc 261:2095–2100CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 36.Notelovitz M, Gudat JC, Ware MD, Dougherty MC (1982) Estrogen-progestin therapy and the lipid balance of postmenopausal women. Maturitas 4:301–308PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 37.Campos H, Walsh BW, Judge H, Sacks FM (1997) Effect of estrogen on very low-density lipoprotein and low-density lipoprotein subclass metabolism in postmenopausal women. J Clin Endocrinol Metab 82:3955–3963PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 38.Hulley SB, Rosenman RH, Bawol RD, Brand RJ (1980) Epidemiology as a guide to clinical decisions. The association between triglyceride and coronary heart disease. N Engl J Med 302:1383–1389PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 39.Chen FP, Lee N, Wang CC et al (1998) Effects of hormone replacement therapy on cardiovascular risk factors in postmenopausal women. Fertil Steril 69:267–273PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 40.Walsh BW, Schiff I, Rosner B et al (1991) Effects of postmenopausal estrogen replacement on the concentrations and metabolism of plasma lipoproteins. N Engl J Med 325:1196–1204PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 41.Assmann G, Schulte H (1992) Relation of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides to incidence of atherosclerotic coronary artery disease (the PROCAM experience). Am J Cardiol 70(7):733–737PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 42.Chen FP, Lee N, Soon YK et al (2001) Comparison of transdermal and oral estrogen-progestin replacement therapy: effects on cargiovascular risk factors. Menopause 8:347–352PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 43.Torng PL, Su TC, Sung FC, Chien KL, Huang SC, Chow SN et al (2000) Effects of menopause and obesity on lipid profiles in middle-aged Taiwanese women: the Chin-Shan Community Cardiovascular Cohort Study. Atherosclerosis 153:413–421PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 44.Farish E, Fletcher CD, Hart DM, Dagen MM, Parkin DE (1986) Lipoprotein and apoprotein levels in postmenopausal women during treatment with norethisterone. Clin Chim Acta 159:147–151PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 45.Melchior GW, Castle CK, Vidmar TJ, Politers HG et al (1990) Apo A-I metabolism in cynomolgus monkeys: male-female differences. Biochem Biophys Acta 1043:97–105PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 46.Schaefer EJ, Foster DM, Zech LA, Lindgren FT et al (1983) The effects of estrogen administration on plasma lipoprotein metabolism in premenopausal females. J Clin Endocrinol Metab 57:262–267PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 47.Castelo-Branco C, Vicente JJ, Figueras F et al (1999) Two years prospective and comparative study on the effects of tibolone on lipid pattern, behavior of apolipoproteins AI and B. Menopause 6:22–27CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 48.Tonstad S (1996) Combined hormone replacement therapy vith estradiol and norethisterone acetate: effects in hyperlipidemia. Br J Obstet Gynecol 103(suppl 13):45–48Google Scholar
- 49.Soma M, Fumagalli R, Paoletti R et al (1991) Plasma Lp(a) concentration after estrogen and progestagen in postmenopausal women. Lancet 1:612CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 50.Brown SA, Hutchinson R, Morriseft J, Boerwinkle E, Davis CE, Gotto AM (1993) Plasma lipid, lipoprotein cholesterol, and apoprotein distributions in selected US communites: The Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities (ARIC) Study. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol 13:1139–1158Google Scholar
- 51.Marcovina SM, Alber JJ, Jacobs DR Jr et al (1993) Lipoprotein(a) concentrations and apolipoprotein(a) phenotypes in Caucasians and African Americans: The CARDIA Study. Arterioscler Thromb Vasc Biol 13:1037–1045Google Scholar
- 52.Jenner JL, Ordovas JM, Lamon-Fava S, Schaefer MM, Wilson PWF et al (1993) Effect of age, sex, and menopausal status on plasma lipoprotein(a) levels: the Framingham Offspring Study. Circulation 87:1135–1141PubMedGoogle Scholar
- 53.Smolders RG, Vogelvang TE, Mijatovic V et al (2002) A 2-year randomized, comparative study on the effects of reloxifene on lipoprotein(a) and homocysteine. Maturitas 4:105–114CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 54.Bostom AG, Cupples LA, Jenner JL et al (1996) Elevated plasma lipoprotein(a) and coronary heart disease in men aged 55 years and younger. A prospective study. J Am Med Assoc 276:544–548CrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 55.Kim CJ, Min YK, Ryu WS et al (1996) Effects of hormon replacement therapy on lipoprotein(a) and lipid levels in postmenopausal women. Influence of various progestogens and duration of theray. Arch Intern Med 156:1693–1700PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 56.Schaefer EJ, Lamon-Fava S, Jenner JL et al (1994) Lipoprotein(a) levels and the risk of coronary heart disease in men: The Lipid research Clinics Coronary Primary Prevention Trial. JAMA 271:999–1003PubMedCrossRefGoogle Scholar
- 57.Walsh BW, Kuller LH, Wild RA et al (1998) Effects of raloxifene on serum lipids and coagulation factors in health postmenopausal women. J Am Med Assoc 279:1445–1451CrossRefGoogle ScholarPlanetary Nebula IC 4663 Planetary Nebula in Scorpius Constellation
Size: 19.8'' Magnitude: 12.5 19.8000 Also known as ESO 279-PN6, PK 346-8.1
Telescope Simulator
Check how Planetary Nebula IC 4663 would look like through your camera, eyepiece or binoculars.
This tool was designed to check framing, not visual magnitude. Objects will look dimmer on your eyepiece and binoculars.
Hourly Elevation Jan 16
Planetary Nebula IC 4663 as seen from Ashburn
Maximum Elevation º at hrs.
Rise: hrs. Set: hrs.
Monthly Elevation
Best period for observing Planetary Nebula IC 4663 at hours
Data Sheet
18.7
17h 45m 28s17.75797272
-44º 54' 16''-44.9044456
N/A
PN -
N/A
External Research Links
Find out more about Planetary Nebula IC 4663:
Other Nearby Objects
Deep Sky suggestions around Planetary Nebula IC 4663:It’s been a while since I’ve posted and I just wanted to do a check in with everyone. My natural hair journey is going well and being patient is paying off. I’m still sticking to my “less is more” attitude.
In July I began to take 5000 mcg of Biotin in addition to my multi-vitamin. You can take Biotin twice a day, but I only take them once a day with my dinner..
I know many aren’t convinced that Biotin actually helps in hair growth, but I think it does. I’ve noticed significant hair growth in the past 3 1/2 – 4 months that I’ve been taking Bitotin, and my skin is very clear with no blemishes. I wish I had taken length check photos when I started taking it, but I’ll dig out some pictures of me from each month which will hopefully show my hair growth.
My daughters Taylor and Talya LOVE rocking their massive puffs or afros to school. I’m glad they feel so confident and comfortable in doing so. I constantly tell them how beautiful their hair is, as does my husband. It also helps that there are other girls, teachers, as well as their school principal who rock their natural hair. They’re part of their own natural hair community at school and I think that is AWESOME!
This weekend I had to explain to my girls that while it’s wonderful that they love wearing puffs and afros, it is equally important that they wear protective styles from time to time. They gave me twisted up frown faces in return, but I explained to them why. Living in the midwest, the temperature has dropped and the cold, dry air is moving in. Cold dry air is like kryptonite to kinky, coily hair. It dries it out and makes it brittle and then it breaks off. To retain our growth we must protect our hair.
Despite their short-lived protests they understood what I explained to them and I twisted their hair in small twists. My oldest daughter immediately styled her twists the way she wanted them, which turned out to be really cute, and my youngest daughter wore her twists down. I also bought more hair accessories so they can do other cute things with their hair.
As for me, I’ve been doing plait outs on my hair. I plait my hair at night in small to medium plaits and sometimes roll the ends with rollers for a curly plait out the next morning. About two weeks ago I decided to blow dry my hair after washing and deep conditioning for the first time in forever. I basically wanted to do a length check, and I was pleasantly surprised by the growth. I must confess that while attempting to blow dry my hair with a comb attachment that I BROKE it. So I wasn’t able to blow dry all of my hair. Oops! In the mean time, my plan is to get braids in the near future as a protective style for the upcoming winter months. My main hair goal for me and my girls is keeping our hair moisturized and deep conditioned. I’ve found some really good, simple DIY recipes for achieving this and I will post my results with these after I’ve tried them. What are your hair goals for the fall/winter?.
The U.S. Navy has sailed close to South China Sea reefs, atolls and other areas claimed by Beijing several times in recent months, under the pretext of freedom of navigation operations. In late May, the USS Dewey sailed within 12 miles of the Chinese artificial island Mischief Reef. In July, the USS Stethem passed by the Chinese-administered Triton Island. Then last week, the USS John S. McCain traveled close to Mischief Reef.
Then this week, that same vessel collided with a tanker near Singapore, initially leaving 10 American sailors missing, though remains of some of were located Tuesday night. Beijing jumped on the Navy's accident — its fourth in Asia this year — with state media claiming that the incident drew "applause" from Chinese citizens.
"U.S. warships patrol too frequently in the Asia-Pacific," said a Tuesday editorial in the Chinese state-run Global Times newspaper. "The U.S. Navy conducts many risky military activities without full preparation."
Aside from Beijing, several Southeast Asian countries also asset sovereign rights over parts of the resource-rich South China Sea. The massive section claimed by China extends roughly 1,000 miles from its southern shores but despite a 2016 court ruling from The Hague, Beijing continues to expand its presence in the strategic waterway.
Watch out for these companies
With more than $5 trillion of trade flowing through the area every year, any hostility between would hit numerous business sectors, including commodities, logistics, and insurance.
"Conflict between the U.S. and China in the South China Sea would be less about the physical things that can be produced, but more about controlling physical access and the key choke-points around it," Stratfor analyst Matthew Bey told CNBC earlier this year.
Almost every major container shipping company sends vessels through the South China Sea, making all of them vulnerable if Washington and Beijing butt heads, said Bey. "The ports that would be adversely impacted are the Straits of Malacca, East China straits, straits of Sunda and Lombok."
Should Trump increase patrols by China's artificial islands as part of his new policy, that could particularly hurt the China National Offshore Oil, one of the the mainland's biggest crude producers, Bey added.
Also known as CNOOC, the firm has commercial drilling platforms in the South China Sea and drew international attention in 2014 after placing an oil rig near the Paracel Islands that triggered a major spat between Beijing and Hanoi.
CNOOC offered no comment on the matter.
Paying a premium for protection
Maritime insurance rates may spike if insurers identify parts of the South China Sea as a war risk.
That means vessels would have to pay a premium to transit the area — or avoid the area completely, explained Andrew Booker, founding partner of marine specialist Latitude Brokers. However, that scenario remains highly unlikely at present, he added.
It's impossible to estimate how high rates could rise but because there is no premium for transiting the area at present, anything would be an increase, he said.
If that were the case, trade routes would change and freight costs for each voyage would rise, which could be good news for ship-owners but bad for charterers who pay freight, Booker continued.
Currencies will depreciate
Geopolitical strains could also weaken the Korean won and the Taiwan dollar.
Financial markets in those countries have a large number of foreign equity investors, and those traders tend to sell shares in the wake of political tensions, explained Khoon Goh, head of Asia research at Australian bank ANZ.
When those stock markets take a beating, so do their currencies. If that's the case, Goh predicts the won will fall to 1180 per dollar from 1130 presently, and the Taiwan dollar to hit 31.6 from current levels of 30.2.
But the safe-haven Japanese yen would likely benefit amid the overall risk-averse mood, Goh added.
Oil climbs
The South China Sea holds around seven billion barrels of oil and 900 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, but in the event of hostilities, those reserves won't be first in the firing line.
The more immediate impact may be a rally in global crude prices. Any conflict could disrupt the movement of energy resources, thus curbing overall supply and pushing Brent crude to around $65 per barrel, said Jonathan Chan, investment analyst at Phillip Futures. Oil futures trade hands at about $52 currently.
Air freight is considerably more expensive than maritime shipping, and even within countries, overland networks are often not as well-developed. Maritime routes remain the most popular for the transportation of resources, he said.
Metals and minerals to bounce
Beijing imports massive quantities of copperand iron ore, so any blockage or disturbance to transport routes would cause prices of both commodities to spike, according to Chan.
"Iron ore on the SGX Asia Clear could hit $95 per metric ton in the event of escalation," Chan said, "while copper may soar to $6,480 per ton."
Gold, may rally to $1,450 per ounce, Chan added. That would mark a sharp bounce from its present level of near $1,285.
Happier fish and fishermen
An estimated 12 percent of the world's fish harvest comes from the South China Sea, where more than 3,000 known species dwell. But fish stocks have been rapidly declining amid Beijing's island-building activities.
If Washington can stop Chinese construction and protect the rights of regional fishermen — especially Vietnamese, Indonesians and Filipinos — that would be welcomed, said Greg Poling, director of the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative, at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
The sand and silt plumes created by dredging sand and gravel can kill fish or drive them from the reefs — a major problem for Southeast Asian fishermen who rely on the creatures for their livelihood.
The problem is further exacerbated by China's annual fishing ban, typically between mid-May to early August, in parts of the sea that it administers. "Chinese dominance has been bad news for Southeast Asian fishermen, as evidenced by the way the Chinese authorities treat Vietnamese fishermen during the 3-month ban," Poling said.Medieval Kingdom Small Windmill
Object Details
3D Model
Blueprints
Author: xbaxdark
Block count: 311
Views: 50
This is cute! This is really cute, especially the light colors and the huge sails. The roof is looking rather fancy, it reminds me of hay bales and a warm summer day, because of the yellow color and hay bales are only a summer thing really. If You like windmills then this building here is for You but when You go inside then there isn't much room, so guests are out of question but other than that, this kingdon small windmill here is adorable and if You want to build it then do it :)View Blueprints
Blocks you'll need:
"Why, just why did you use sponge as a roof material. There are other light building blocks..." -
Generating model...
(left click: forward, right click: backward, Movement: W, A, S, D, R, F, Toggle mouse tracking - C)
Level 7
N S W E
13 Blocks
12 Blocks
Drag slider < Left | Right > to see different levels:
Level 1
2016-11-03 16:34:56
Why, just why did you use sponge as a roof material. There are other light building blocks...
5 4 =Noor Gerver Senior Associate Candidate Civil Law Notary [email protected] vCard Bangkok T: _+662_ 686_ 8531 F: _+662_ 670_ 0131 M: _+666_ 3902_ 2852_ Overview Experience Credentials Email Print PDF + Share Noor Gerver is engaged in all notarial aspects of corporate law. She focuses in the setting up of and advising on corporate structures and corporate restructurings. Furthermore, Noor has experience in working on national and international transactions such as mergers, demergers, acquisitions, reorganisations and partnership structures.Today was a great day. I started cleaning the shed, and it will need to be continued tomorrow. I did get the Honda almost completely fixed as well. The plan is to replace the pull start rope, transmission cover and spark plug boot, and then to adjust the throttle speed.
The cover and plug boot are on order, and should be here soon. The tachometer is also on order so I can do the throttle adjustment as well. The snow blower is now put away for the season as well, and I have no plans on taking it back out unless it snows and I actually need to take it out.
Advertisements[PS3 JRPG Review] Pier Solar and the Great Architects | PS3Blog.net
.
Being a turn-based RPG with state-of-the-art aesthetics, Pier Solar tells the epic story of Hoston, a young botanist who is on a quest to save his father from a mysterious illness. With 64MEG of mega-power at their hands, WaterMelon have given players innovative battles, fantastic graphics with background scaling, mini-games and plenty of other surprises that will mega-blast the player every time!
Pier Solar and the Great Architects is an ambitious project that was relatively recently released (in 2010) on the Sega Megadrive/Genesis, ten full years after the last official game release for this console. After its successful launch, it has been given a second life on the PS3 and PS4, and it will also release on the Vita (game is Cross-Buy between all platforms).
Pier Solar HD – E3 Trailer
This is a 16-bit game RPG where you start by following Hoston, Alina and Edessot, who are searching for a cure for Hoston’s father. They soon find what they were looking for, but on their way back to the village after their dangerous excursion, Alina’s father is very mad at her, and she then decides to leave town. Soon after, Hoston and Edessot go after her and thus their story begins.
The battle system in Pier Solar is similar to what we would expect from a 16-bit turn-based RPG, with its own specific features. For instance, some magic spells need to be buffed (by gathering) before being casted. Each “gather” raises the character’s buff by one increment (and can go up to 5), and affects both his attack and magic power.
An automatic battle mode is available and can be used when you encounter weaker enemies, but it felt that the characters weren’t very good at thinking by themselves. For instance, some characters would use up all their precious mana for unnecessary healing spells on almost full HP characters. There is an option in which you can select which kind of action is enabled for the Automatic battle, but even when the Spells options was disabled, it didn’t stop them from using spells.
In the dungeons, the level design is a bit weird. A few dungeons have sections that are unreachable which led to unnecessary searching to get there, and are filled with small hidden paths that are hard to see on the default HD rendering mode (more on this later). Also, while being fairly acceptable, the random encounter rate of the game feels too high when we have to backtrack while looking for the path that leads to the end of the dungeon.
Finally, apart from the unusual level design, there are some cryptic design choices in the story progression. For instance, in the second dungeon of the game, I reached the end and was greeted by a closed door. I searched, but there seemed to be nothing I could do to progress further, so after half an hour of research, I resorted to an online guide to see what I was doing wrong. Turns out, I had to talk around ten times to a guy from a zone I thought I had completed before he joined my party and unlocked the door of the dungeon. It would have been easier to determine if there had been an indication I needed that character to progress.
Game engine and soundtrack
One of the strengths of Pier Solar and the Great Architects is how well the visual and game engines are done. The soundtrack is pretty good, and can be switched from 16-bits or remastered on-the-fly (I preferred the charm of the remastered one though!). Same goes for the rendering modes, which can be switched from 16-bit to HD and HD+. I preferred the HD modes, but like I mentioned earlier, the level design has a lot of hidden paths that appeared almost invisible on the HD mode. Because of this, I often needed to switch to 16-bits rendering in order to see the paths and get through a dungeon, and then back to HD once I found the way.
Final Thoughts
Pier Solar and the Great Architects is a good RPG that has a very fun battle system but a harder than usual dungeon exploration setting due to its level design and some cryptic progression choices. The ability to switch from 16-bits to HD modes for both the soundtrack and the graphics is a very nice feature that will definitely please RPG gamers.
Also, do keep in mind that this game is Cross-Buy between the PS3 and PS4 versions, and that a Vita version is coming soon!
Review
—————————————
Cost: $14.99
PSN Game size: 2.2GB
DisclaimerKuzbass coal miners got out of the ground a few disk-shaped stones. Early detection of the same disc interested ufologists. However, an initial inspection of the new version of the geological findings confirm their origin.
Employees Karakan field coal mine "Mokhov" in Belovo district of the Kemerovo region, where in late January found became a sensation the mysterious stone disc, found in the land of several similar stones, the company reported.
Stone disc weighing 200 kilograms is almost perfectly round shape found on the section January 31, 2015. Immediately there was a set of hypotheses of its origin, including his dish called UFO. Similar formations once met in China counterparts in Russia are unknown. To explore the unusual finds, Kemerovo came known ufologist, kriptofizik, writer and traveler Vadim Chernobrov. Now Karakansky disk is stored in the Kemerovo regional museum.
"No more drive found a lot of them come across, exactly three pulled. Technique powerful work safely is quite problematic to get them: already pulled broken or just parts shipped from (waste) rock. No one warned that if there are more such disks fall, it is necessary to send them to someone. One sample, the very first, we have already provided for research, "- said the head of the mining operations at the field Karakansky Mokhov cut Vladimir Kudryavtsev.
According to him, the new findings are similar in size to the first disk: 1.5-2 meters in diameter, was flattened configuration of some, while others - more convex. We find them at about the same depth - about 40 meters from the surface, which, according to experts, allows us to estimate the age of the objects in 260 million years.
"Personally, I think it's some kind of geological formation. We mine coal, and scientists have put forward the assumptions and draw conclusions, determine what it's: sandstone or siltstone (friable sedimentary rock), or something like that. We were never told what conclusions made by experts. Maybe an alien has pulled out of it. If you will fall another perfectly flat form, in good condition, as the first disk, I would like to at ABK (an office building) did exhibit on memory ", - said Kudryavtsev.
According to the chief geologist Karakan field Mokhov cut Catherine Krupin, the next stone findings support the scientific point of view of their origin, it nodules, ie mineral formations generally rounded in sedimentary rocks.
"We had more samples, but not the correct form and not as interesting as the first disc - it was a sensation. Water conductivity of rocks is different, as the flow comes from both sides, it turns circular shape. This siltstone (solid sedimentary rock, formed from silt), it is quite fragile and under external influence is destroyed. While supported by the scientific origin of drives geological point of view, it's nodules. Of course, someone would like to believe otherwise, but science says one thing, people want more, "- she said.
In turn, ufology and kriptofiziki so far refrained from comment. The head of the International Research Association "Kosmopoisk" Vadim Chernobrov during a visit to Kemerovo suggested that further research drive extreme points of view (only a natural or artificial entity) may prove to be incorrect, and ultimately win the combination of versions. In his opinion, the likelihood that the disc is a natural geological formation is very high.
Specialists from different industries recognize that the controversial research findings are just beginning. To study Karakan drive planned to use only non-destructive, but no new results have not yet made public.
In parallel, action continues in the Kuzbass "own version": the followers of many different points of view can independently explore the subject and create a personal opinion. Variants of hypotheses about the nature of the origin of the stone disc will be located on the site of the museum, and the best version of the black-browed give to their members discussed the "Kosmopoisk."GAG! Written by Manifest Film Sales
IMDb is going to Sundance! Visit our Sundance guide for everything you need to know about the 2018 Sundance Film Festival including videos, a guide to what's showing this year, trending titles, and more.
Visit our Guide to Sundance 2018
Is it propaganda? Yes in the same way as The Right Stuff or Apollo 13 are propaganda but this does not detract from the massive technical achievement of the Gagarin's flight.
At that moment the USSR was vastly in advance of US in space technology.
This would change but nothing can change the events of April 1961.
The film is very well made with breathtaking and realistic special effects and fine acting especially by Yaroslav Zhalnin... his Gagarin is intense intelligent and determined.
I imagine he an Neil Armstrong were cut form similar cloth.
Overall this film is a fine drama not afraid to discuss the political games in play.
Worth a view especially for anyone interested in space and as a antidote to the endless mindless CGI fueled science fiction we see in our cinemas.Richden Park is situated 2 miles from Ashby shopping centre and is in the Brumby Corner area, with 4 local churches within easy reach. The home is convenient for access to the M181.
is a modern 52-bedded purpose built Residential Care Home on the outskirts of town.
This modern purpose built home provides accommodation for 52 residents.
Outside services visit the home regularly - these include a hairdresser twice weekly, an optician every 6 mths and 2 dentists that can be requested. The services of a physiotherapist are available through the GP. Scunthorpe mobile library visits regularly.
Various activities take place at Richden Park and these include making models, music & movement, shuffle & board games. Seasonal activities comprise the Easter Fayre and making Christmas cards.
Excursions are organised to the local shops and picnics at Normandby Hall, which is an historic centre with a farm and beautiful ornamental gardens, are also arranged.
Group: The Bondcare Group
Person in charge: Judith Torr (Manager)
Local Authority / Social Services: North Lincolnshire Council (click for contact details)
Type of Service: Care Home with nursing – Privately Owned , Registered for a maximum of 52 Service Users
Registered Care Categories*: Dementia • Old Age • Physical Disability
Specialist Care Categories: Cancer Care • Colitis & Crohn's Disease • Epilepsy • Hearing Impairment • Multiple Sclerosis • Parkinson's Disease • Speech Impairment • Stroke • Visual Impairment
Admission Information: Over 65.
Single Rooms: 42
Shared Rooms: 5
Rooms with ensuite WC: 15 Richden Park: click here
* Care Quality Commission is responsible for the registration and inspection of social care services in England.
There are currently no Care Home Idol entrants who have performed at Richden ParkTeachers of the eternal Word must be careful when
they attempt to compare and contrast the will and
holiness of God. The truth is, contrary to popular
opinion, His will determines what is holy, not our
perception of morality. As in, whatever He demands to
be said or done is holy. For example, when He asked
the Israelites to attack and kill the Amorites, that act of
killing when done in obedience however abnormal we
may adjudge it, is holy. But if He orders that we spare
them like He spared the Edomites, killing such would
therefore be an act of unholiness. Heaven doesn’t have
a changeable culture like we here on earth. His will,
not feelings of men, not humanright, not democracy,
not popular trend, not enticing opinions, is holiness.
You maybe uncomfortable with certain of His
instructions, but that is only how far you can go. The
prophets were, the apostles were, but they all obeyed
Him nonetheless. It’s written, let God be true and every
man, a liar. This means He is supreme, ultimate and
sovereign everywhere, everytime and in everything. His
authority isn’t subject to human or angelic approval.
Though He answers our questions if He so pleases, He
isn’t questionable. So when we preach holiness we
must beware to inform our audience that it is defined
by His will, not our moral reasoning. That is why
heaven is for genuine Christians, not mere moralists.
God isn’t authoritative, He is authority.
HIS WILL ISHOLY.
23 Friday May 2014
Posted Uncategorizedin
Teachers of the eternal Word must be careful whenUNFORTUNATELY located between two cities – Philadelphia and Baltimore – that New Yorkers have a hard enough time paying attention to, Wilmington (pop. 70,000) tends to get lost in the shuffle.
Settled by sensible Swedes in the 1600s and renowned as a corporate tax-free haven, it seems logical that Wilmington might not be the most amusing exit off the interstate. Happily, logic flies out the window every now and then.
Recognizing their town’s predicament, city fathers got aggressive in the last decade, dragging cultural and other tourist attractions to the banks of the Christina River, the site of one of the nation’s largest ports.
The Port of Wilmington still brings in Audis from Mexico, clementines from Morocco and beef from farther beyond, but there are also water taxis that ply a 3-mile route around the Riverfront, beginning where Brandywine Creek and the Christina meet.
Hop on one of these and you will find that the river is now graced with a handsomely designed promenade, linking the center of the city to arts institutions, lots of shopping, a public market and a handful of other diversions.
Herewith, our guide to the highlights:
Get cultureThe clear standout of the Riverfront is the Delaware Center for the Contemporary Arts, a converted train-car factory that houses 30 artists’ studios and more than a half-dozen galleries, each showing a different style: One goes toward the experimental; another draws from what’s hot around the world; yet another focuses on landscapes.
You could easily spend the better part of an afternoon here, thanks to a cool café bathed in natural light at the heart of the complex. Admission to the center is $5 (thedcca.org).
While the Delaware Art Museum rebuilds, its temporary home is the Bank One Riverfront Arts Center, an exhibit and performance space that stays open Wednesdays till 9 p.m. for its “Art After Hours” program. Live music, a bar and film screenings complement the art museum’s rotating and permanent exhibits. Admission is $7 (delart.org).
Market shareFew cities of Wilmington’s size (it’s Delaware’s biggest city) can boast anything like the Riverfront Market.
The re-adapted warehouse is crammed with vendors who offer everything from sushi to flowers to Thai food. The best times to visit is weekdays at lunchtime, when the office crowd heads down the hill to feed en masse.
Work itStarting at Tubman-Garrett Park (at the foot of Market Street, adjacent to the Amtrak station), and ending nearly 1 ½ miles later at the still-undeveloped R.W. Peterson Urban Wildlife Refuge, the Riverwalk isn’t just a connector to the various things to do along the way; it’s also a great place to work off whatever you put on at the market.
Seeking an outletBecause this is Delaware, tax-free shopping is one of the biggest attractions, and now, you don’t have to go to the suburbs to get the discounts. Toward the southern end of the promenade, the first phase of the Shipyard Shops, an outlet mall, has L.L. Bean, Nine West, Reebok and other big brands in its repertoire of nearly 20 stores.
The complex also provides one of the few places for a sit-down meal along the river: Timothy’s, an Irish pub, has an outdoor patio and a house specialty of barbequed ribs, best tackled with the help of a pint of Guinness (shipyardshopoutlets.com).
—-
The lowdown
Downtown Wilmington and the Riverfront are accessible on foot from the Amtrak station (amtrak.com). Hotel DuPont, doubles from $209 weekends, (800) 441-9019; hoteldupont.com. For more information, visit wilmingtonriverfront.com or wilmcvb.org.My homegirls over at Made Jewelry have every reason to party it up — they’re celebrating their anniversary, and the release of some fresh goodies with a few events all over Cali…
SAN FRANCISCO – 4/22. Made x Devil’s Pie … Come to Otis for Made’s Anniversary Party. Sweet treats and sweet beats. BE THERE!
SACRAMENTO – 4/23. MADE in SF Release Party and Gallery Event: Get a sneak peek of our latest collection before the official release on 4/27. We’re teaming up with Artifacts (a lifestyle and urban boutique) in Sacramento for the official release. It’s gonna be a big event with a DJ, food, and booze! It’s also doubling up as a gallery event showcasing photos from 3 popular SF photographers.
SAN DIEGO – 4/24. 4 pm in store event at Mimi and Red, organized with the help of Mahfia. This event will be very similar to the Sacramento event, and Sam will be spinning. Come one, come all! Then after, head to On Broadway for the MAV foundation Charity Fashion Show and holla at Made, all for a good cause. The party stops at Confidential for the official afterparty!
Come check my girls out, cuz they’re doin’ big thangs.. San Diego, I better see you out. =)
thanks for the blog blast! SD is going to be ridiculous…but you already knew that 🙂What is sleep deprivation?
Sleep deprivation means you are doing without sleep for whatever reason. You do it yourself, you are pulling it all night or studying for an exam is sleep deprivation. If you have obstructive sleep apnea and you have been awaken throughout the night and your sleep is discontinuous, that's sleep deprivation.
Its strictest terms sleep deprivation means you don't have a lot of sleep. Total means you didn't get any. Your sleep pressure is such that you will fall asleep sooner or later. It's not possible to exist without sleep except in some pretty rare paralogic circumstances and that's devastating. Old experiments that probably would not be repeated today, animals were studied. They literally made it such that the animal had a every need met except for sleep. You eat, have other rats around, water, exercise or rest whatever they wanted but they hooked it up to their brain so they knew the were falling asleep and it would wake them up immediately. Many of the times these animals died fairly quickly without sleep. We are not sure why people sleep. Probably the most obvious answer if you don't sleep you die. If you don't sleep if you do without large amounts of sleep you don't function the next day that's the oldest answer and it doesn't explain a lot. But a total complete sleep deprivation you get no sleep whatsoever.
Sleep deprivation is a shortage of the correct amount of sleep that we need to function properly in our normal daily lives and to regenerate various parts of our body, more importantly the brain. Sleep is also needed to help the body in its battle against infection. Apart from that, a lack of sleep can also be very dangerous, such as in driving. According to researchers in Australia and New Zealand too little sleep can result in the same hazardous effects as being drunk.
By having less than 6 hours sleep a night, you are affecting your reaction time, coordination and your judgement, which poses a very serious risk. Although there doesn�t seem to be any documented evidence of someone who was healthy dying of a lack of sleep, there is plenty to support the problems that arise if you don�t get enough.
Because of my job I have, in the past, had to operate with no sleep or very little sleep for shifts of up to 60 continuous hours with no set breaks. The physical and mental effects of even this limited period were punishing.
Sleep deprivation causes your body to get tired and slow down -you can get headaches, muscle and joint pain, and your reactions and thinking ability slow down. This can lead to paranoia and halucinations the more servere the case.
Many Americans don't get enough sleep to remain healthy and feel alert during the day. Recent studies have shown that Americans sleep an average of 7 hours each night rather than the 8 hours recommended by sleep experts.
People who work long hours, those who have a hectic family schedule or a new baby, teens who stay up late and have to get up early for school, and even people whose pets sleep with them may get less sleep than their body needs to be at its best. Over time, this lack of sleep, also called sleep deprivation, can have serious effects on health and relationships. It may even be deadly.
If we do not sleep enough or appropriately, we will suffer from sleep deprivation. Our brain activity tends to slow down during certain times like afternoon. Microsleeps are often a sign of fatigue or sleep deprivation, during this time we may face loss of attention, blank stares and keeping eyes wide open for a long time. It may also be followed by a small second or two nap. Imagine you did not sleep too well and then you attend a boring lecture that lasts for a few hours, you will likely experience several Microsleeps.
This is a way to give rest to our brain, although our brain continuously works even when we sleeps, it works at a much lower power. This helps to repair neurons, archive memories and reorganize.
Sleep deprivation is something that millions of people deal with on a daily basis. If you don’t get enough sleep, your body simply cannot do the things that you ask of it. With today’s busy lifestyles, people unfortunately place a decent night’s sleep fairly low on their list of things to do. Little do people realize that this has significant costs on your physical and mental wellbeing. Sleep deprivation lowers your quality of work, and will eventually reach a point where you will be accomplishing less as a result of sleep deprivation than you would having spent the time sleeping instead.
Surveys indicate that somewhere upwards of 47 million Americans face problems with their sleeping habits which can be considered to be related to sleep deprivation. This is nearly one quarter of all American adults. These numbers are quite staggering if considered in perspective.
The body and brain require adequate hours of sleep to perform optimally. Sleep deprivation is a medical condition that affects the normal functioning of the body and brain due to lack of sleep. Though it is not considered a disorder, sleep deprivation can affect general well-being. Problems like weak memory, hand-eye coordination, and reasoning abilities can surface during bouts of sleep deprivation.
Indications of sleep deprivation include drowsiness during the day, brief spells of sleep, and falling into sleep immediately after lying down. Sleep deprivation needs to be addressed as prolonged periods may affect the immune system. However, as long as people function normally during the day in spite of lack of sleep, they are not considered sleep deprived.
Is sleep deprivation dangerous?
For starters, sleeping helps you regain energy that's you've used throughout the day. Anything from running to eating uses energy, so as you can imagine, you need sleep.
When deprived of sleep, the body starts shutting down. When fatigued, you are clumsier and have worse reaction times, making simple things like driving a car or walking downstairs potentially dangerous. Sleep deprivation can also lead to weight gain, in younger people it can stunt your growth, it can affect your memory, it harms your immune system, making your more vulnerable to disease, and if it goes on long enough, it can cause hallucinations. In test animals, extreme sleep deprivation has even lead to death.
What are the effects of sleep deprivation?
If you're regularly not getting enough sleep then you could be setting yourself up for problems. The condition affects different people in different ways, however there are some common symptoms.
Obviously sleep deprivation leaves us "feeling tired" and suffering from possibly chronic fatigue. This often results in irritability and lack of concentration. That might not sound very serious but those two symptoms can result in poor job performance, unnecessary arguments with loved ones and even serious accidents..).. And for every study that reveals impaired performance after sleep loss, other studies find minimal or no effects. These findings suggest that the effects of sleep loss are not consistent or robust.
Never accept not sleeping enough as an inevitable way of life. You need to realize that they're also harmful effects of sleep deprivation such as physical effects and what these effects do to our bodies.
The majority of people are aware of the obvious short term effects, but less aware of the more serious physical consequences from not sleeping. Sleep recharges and repairs the brain, it also repairs the body. People don't understand how lack of sleep affects us untill they fully understand the sleep cycle...
Can you die from sleep deprivation?�extended bouts of sleeplessness can cause an array of physical symptoms and might eventually kill you. The effects begin within the first 24 hours of sleep deprivation. First, the body undergoes subtle hormonal changes�cortisol�take a nap, and you'll be on the road back to normal.!. The publicly accessible bug database is still too limited. Getting access to supposedly open packages required two days of searching followed by a cry for help. (And I'm filled by horror as I contemplate a month of trying to live with YaST+SuSEconfig.) -- :It is known to all that Kangana Ranaut is the new face of the brand Melange from the Lifestyle. The actress has replaced Deepika Padukone, who was earlier the face of Melange. When Kangana was asked about replacing Deepika, she had said, "Every brand goes through a revamp and this time around the concept is being pretty strong. Every time you step into a brand you replace someone. We really complement each other."
Though, many Bollywood buffs are in the support of this replacement while, some are not. And that's why we thought to present before you the photoshoot of both Deepika & Kangana for Melange from the Lifestyle.
Flashback! B-town Celebs (SRK, Salman, Aishwarya, Hrithik & Others) Rare Holi Pics!
Check out all the pictures below and do tell us in the comments section below, whom do you think looks better?
Mr. Kabir Lumba (Managing Director) Talks About Deepika:
"Melange by Lifestyle has grown at a phenomenal pace and has emerged as one of the most beloved ethnic wear brands in the country. We are happy to announce Deepika Padukone as our brand ambassador as she perfectly embodies the values that the brand stands for."
Mr. Kabir Lumba (Managing Director) Talks About Kangana:
."Actor Eddie Cibrian and Wife LeAnn Rimes Dine at N9NE Steakhouse
June 14, 2011 by VegasNews.com
Actor Eddie Cibrian and his wife LeAnn Rimes had dinner at N9NE steakhouse inside the Palms Casino Resort on Monday night (Photo credit: Ed Graff).
Actor Eddie Cibrian and wife LeAnn Rimes.
Actor Eddie Cibrian and wife LeAnn Rimes
Photo credit: Ed Graff.
Earlier in the day the couple enjoyed a 80 minute couples Deep Tissue Message at Drift Spa & Hammam inside Palms Place Hotel & Spa.
© 2011, VegasNews.com. All rights reserved. All content copyrighted or used with permission. All rights reserved. This content may not be distributed, modified, reproduced in whole or in part without prior permission from VegasNews.comThose who follow my blog might remember we hosted a very special reception at our home a couple of months ago. So far, I only shared one of the recipes here, a focaccia that pleased me even more than my usual version. But my favorite appetizer by far was a carrot dip served over cucumber slices. A contrast of colors, textures, and flavors that pleased every single guest, in fact many asked me for the recipe. If you are hosting a dinner party, please make a batch of these babies to open the evening. They are light enough that no one will feel overly stuffed before the real meal, and if you go the extra mile and pipe the dip over the cucumber, the presentation is quite stunning. Even if I say so myself…
MOROCCAN CARROT DIP APPETIZER
(inspired by this recipe)
black sesame seeds for decoration (optional).
ENJOY!
to print the recipe, click here
Hello there! We are not only cute, but Paleo-friendly too!
😉
And now for something completely different. Let me share a small drama associated with the preparation of this plate. Keep in mind that I was already quite stressed and running out of time to get it all ready for the guests. I used a disposable piping bag coupled to a plastic star-shaped piping tip. When I finished piping the last round, I went to the sink to recover, wash and store away the tip. Well, the tip would NOT come out of the bag. I pulled, and pulled, and twisted and pulled. Just as I told myself I really did not need that grievance, the tip exploded off and behaved like a golf tee after a perfect driver shot: it twirled up in the air, up, up, then down down, falling next to my feet on the floor. I suspect you know where this is headed. Buck was way faster than me. He grabbed it, ran away to his bed, and started munching on it. I was terrified that he would choke on the tip, but I know better than trying to stick my fingers inside the mouth of a feasting Jack Russell. Granted, once the tasty carrot stuff was gone, he let go of the tip, good doggie that he is (yeah, right). The piping tool was laid to its final rest in the trash can, totally ruined. But, can you imagine the odds of that? Unreal. My kitchen must be a really bewitched spot… And I was not even baking a cake this time!
Back to food. This was definitely one of the tastiest appetizers I’ve ever made, there’s something about the mixture of spices and the sweetness of the carrots… wow! I tried the dip on Ak Mak crackers, it is great that way too, but please match it with the cucumber slices for a real treat. I guess we could call it a nobel treat…
😉
ONE YEAR AGO: White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookies
TWO YEARS AGO: Cilantro-Jalapeno “Hummus”
FOUR YEARS AGO: Hoegaarden Beer Bread
FIVE YEARS AGO: Ancho-Chile Marinade: Pleased to Meat you!
SIX YEARS AGO: Shrimp Moqueca
23 thoughts on “MOROCCAN CARROT DIP OVER CUCUMBER SLICES”
Wow this looks amazing. Beautiful colours too. 🙂
I loved the color combo!
LikeLiked by 1 person
A Nobel treat! I like that. These are so cute and sound absolutely delicious. I love that you served it over cucumber. And what would a party be without some party prep drama?! I can only imagine the tip shooting out! At least you didn’t end up with carrot all over. Whew! And I’m very happy Buck was smart enough to ditch it safely. 😉
Kristy, let’s not forget the drama – again associated with Buck – when I prepared the focaccia and took him to the recycle with me, so that he would be kind enough to lock me out of the truck. One wonders how I managed to survive this reception! (martyr, you know… martyr)
LikeLiked by 1 person
Reblogged this on Chef Ceaser.
thanks again for the reblog..
This sounds lovely Sally, I have printed it off and will let you know when I make it.
I hope you do!
The prep drama cracked me up, such a fun story…NOW!
Loving this paleo appetizer: low carb, low calories, and super delicious.
Thanks for the reminder that it is Paleo-friendly, I did not even notice. I added a little remark to that effect and a tag to the post.
I owe you one!
Pingback: MOROCCAN CARROT DIP OVER CUCUMBER SLICES « Marcey's Table
I would have loved being a fly on the wall for this event and I would have sneaked off for one of these dip covered cucumbers!
You would be more than welcome to be around for any event in our place! 😉
Oh Buck: what is Mom talking about – I mean how does one work a car lock, you would not know . . . and that piece of goodie-tasty; well it did fall right at your feet didn’t it 🙂 ? To Mom: don’t blame you one iota for having been happy with that result: this really will be on my menu and then probably future menus too . . .
Yes, Buck’s Mom is probably being her unreasonable self… as usual 😉
Love this little fingers food. So easy to prepare for our summer party. Thanks
Glad you enjoyed the post!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Lovely, I love the flavours, what a great appetiser 🙂 and always fun to read about the adventures of Buck!!! X
I might have to write a book about this pup…. 😉
LikeLiked by 1 person
I understand why you chose this recipe for your reception. Visually inviting color combo, vegan friendly, healthy and ease of advance prep. These are all valid reasons and exactly why I wanted to try it myself. I made the recipe today as written using the cucumber slice. I sat with piping bag in hand and thought this needs more omph!
For what it’s worth after trying a number of ‘vehicles’ for the carrot puree I finally settled on a crisp rice cracker with lime salt and cracked black pepper. Since the piping is very easy a whole tray could be done in minutes or It could easily be served with the puree as a dip and crackers on the side.
The recipe deserves recognition because it is easy, inexpensive, prepped in advance and an intriguing flavor. Very nice choice.
Thanks so much for the detailed feedback! Love the way you decided to present it, I can see how the flavors matched well!
What a beautiful starter. Love that carrot puree!
Thank you! Glad to see you here…. 😉Date of publication: 2017-07-09 12:58
It contains fifty rules that are essential knowledge for sentence correction, identification of sentence errors and editing in context questions that you will encounter on the SAT..
The sentence relates a piece of reasoning, as indicated by the presence of "so that": asking for the assistance of foreign technocrats would be counterproductive because of the effects such technocrats have had already. This means that the technocrats must have bad effects ., they must have "exacerbated" or "worsened" the country's problems.
It was her view that the country's problems had been _______ by foreign technocrats, so that to ask for such assistance again would be counterproductive.
The player asking reads the question plus the three alternative answers. The player answering repeats the correct alternative. These questions test grammar, vocabulary, idioms and general knowledge.
Each passage is a draft of a student's essay. Read the essay and answer the questions paying attention to correct grammar and effective expression. Some questions require you to consider the structure and development of the entire essay.
After using the word 8775 because 8776 in your 8775 ask 8776 sentence, you need to use phrasing that specifically describes one of two things. Either what will happen because they made a donation or what will happen because they didn 8767 t make a donation.
Select the two answer choices that, when used to complete the sentence, fit the meaning of the sentence as a whole and produce completed sentences that are alike in meaning.
Ask for help
The 8775 ask 8776 is where many fundraising letters fail to get their message across in a meaningful way. Your asking for a donation and you must literally 8775 ask for their help 8776 in a forthright manner. Use direct language such as 8775 We need your help 8776 or 8775 Your help is needed 8776 or 8775 You can help change this situation. 8776.
(A) , they can be collected during office hours.
(B) they can be collected during office hours.
(C) , and they can be available for collection during office hours.
(D) , these coupons will be collected during office hours.
(E) but they can be collected during office hours..
B) Great white sharks were determined to live longer than had been previously thought based on the discovery of a carbon-69-rich layer within older sharks 8767 teeth.
Like.
The GMAT exam is a key component of your business school application, and one of the best ways to start preparing for the GMAT is to try some GMAT sample questions.
Images for «Sample of a sentence outline for research paper». [26 KB] |
- PDFFull Document: Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve of Canada Snowshoe Hare Regulations [259 KB]
Regulations are current to 2017-12-11 and last amended on 2009-12-03. Previous Versions
Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve of Canada Snowshoe Hare Regulations
SOR/2004-301
CANADA NATIONAL PARKS ACT
Registration 2004-12-07
Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve of Canada Snowshoe Hare Regulations
P.C. 2004-1503 2004-12-07
Her Excellency the Governor General in Council, on the recommendation of the Minister of the Environment, pursuant to section 17 of the Canada National Parks ActFootnote a, hereby makes the annexed Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve)
- common-law partner
common-law partner, in relation to an individual, means a person who is cohabiting with the individual in a conjugal relationship, having so cohabited for a period of at least one year. (conjoint de fait)
- eligible person
eligible person means a person
(a) who, on June 29, 1984, was a permanent resident of Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan, Mingan, Havre-Saint-Pierre or Baie-Johan-Beetz in the Province of Quebec;
(b) who was born in Longue-Pointe-de-Mingan, Mingan, Havre-Saint-Pierre or Baie-Johan-Beetz in the Province of Quebec, who is a first or second generation descendant — by blood or adoption — of a person identified in paragraph (a) and who, at the time of the application for a snare permit, is 16 years of age or older; or
(c) who is the spouse or common-law partner of a person identified in paragraph (a) or (b). (admissible)
- park reserve
park reserve means Mingan Archipelago National Park Reserve of Canada. (réserve)
- a person appointed under the Parks Canada Agency Act who holds the office of superintendent of the park reserve, and includes any other person appointed under that Act who is authorized by that person to act on their behalf. (directeur)
Application
2 (1) Subject to section 40 of the Act, these Regulations apply to the park reserve.
 reserve, or to any other person authorized by the superintendent while they are conducting research in the park reserve in respect of snowshoe hare or the harvesting activity.
Traditional Renewable Resource Harvesting Activity
4 The snaring of snowshoe hare in the park reserve is specified to be a traditional renewable resource harvesting activity.
General Prohibitions — Snaring and Possession
5 No person shall snare snowshoe hare in the park reserve unless they are the holder of a snare permit.
6 No person shall possess snowshoe hare snared in the park reserve unless they are the holder of a snare permit. reserve. 22.
Contents
9 (1) Every snare permit shall contain the name and date of birth of the permit holder, the address of their permanent residence, and
(a) a statement reserve,
(v) the method to be used by the permit holder to indicate their snares, snaring lines and trails, and
(vi) the method to be used by the permit holder to attach, to their snared snowshoe hare, the tags provided by the superintendent with the permit.
(vii) and (viii) [Repealed, SOR/2009-322, s. 23]
(2) The superintendent may, when necessary to ensure the protection of snowshoe hare in the park reserve and the preservation, control and management of the park reserve, including the maintenance or restoration of its ecological integrity, include in all snare permits to be issued for a given season any supplementary conditions that may be required.
- SOR/2009-322, s. 23.
Expiry
10 A snare permit expires on the earlier of
Prohibitions — Holders of Snare Permits
11 No holder of a snare permit shall
(a) transfer or assign their permit;
 in any of their snares of an animal other than a snowshoe hare if that animal is wounded or dead; and
(e) after they snare one half of the limit of snowshoe hare specified in their permit, reduce the number of their snares so that the number of their snares does not at any subsequent time exceed the remainder of that limit.:
Powers of Superintendent
15 The superintendent shall, for the purposes of the conservation of snowshoe hare and the maintenance of the ecological integrity of the park reserve, in respect of each season, determine those areas in the park reserve in which the snaring of snowshoe hare will be permitted or restricted.
16 The superintendent may, at any time, for the purposes of management of the park reserve, public safety or the conservation of natural resources, close areas of the park reserve to the snaring of snowshoe hare for any period that the superintendent determines necessary.
17 Based on the determinations made under sections 15 and 16, the superintendent shall, in respect of each season, determine
(a) the limit of snowshoe hare that may be snared under a snare permit; and
(b) the maximum number of snare permits to be issued for each area where the snaring of snowshoe hare will be permitted.
Suspension and Revocation
18 (1) The superintendent may suspend a snare permit if the permit holder contravenes any provision of these Regulations or any condition of their permit.
(2) The superintendent shall reinstate a suspended snare permit
(a) if the contravention that led to the suspension has been corrected;
(b) after a period of 30 days from the date of the suspension, unless proceedings have been instituted before the end of that period in respect of the alleged contravention; or
(c) if proceedings are instituted, after the permit holder has been found not guilty of an offence in respect of the alleged contravention or after the proceedings against them have been discontinued.
(3) The superintendent shall revoke a snare permit if
(a) the permit holder is convicted of an offence in respect of a contravention of any provision of these Regulations or any condition of the permit; or
(b) except when the permit was reinstated under paragraph (2)(b) or (c), the permit has been suspended twice during the period for which it was issued.
Decisions of the Superintendent
Notice
19 If the superintendent refuses to issue, or suspends or revokes, a snare permit, the superintendent shall, within 15 days after making their decision, provide written notice of their decision, including reasons, to the applicant or permit holder, as applicable.
Review
20 (1) Any person to whom the superintendent has refused to issue a snare permit, or whose snare permit has been suspended or revoked by the superintendent, may request a review of the superintendent's decision by submitting a request in writing to the Chief Executive Officer within 30 days after receipt by that person of the notice referred to in section 19.
(2) On receipt of the written request for review, the Chief Executive Officer shall require that the superintendent issue or reinstate the snare permit if the Chief Executive Officer reaches a decision that differs from the superintendent's decision with respect
(3) The Chief Executive Officer shall provide written notice of their decision, including reasons, to the person who requested the review.
Consequential Amendments to the National Parks Wildlife Regulations
Coming into Force
22 These Regulations come into force on the day on which they are registered.
- Date modified:Tuesday's Journey
April 10, 2017
Tuesday's Events:
On this day Jesus pours out so much teaching. Read Matthew 25 & 26. The story of the 10 talents always gives me comfort. God gives us responsibilities for His Kingdom according to our gifting and ability. He never intended for us to perform at a superior level beyond what we are capable. But only asked us to be diligent with what we have. What a relief.
Today I want to leave this passage with you:
"But he who is greatest among you shall be your servant. And whoever exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted." - Jesus
Oh how true this is. Years of living has proven this over and again. I pray often, teach me to be humble and LORD, I humble myself.Festival dello Sport Genova
tradizionali ma anche di nuovi sport inediti per l’Italia, con istruttori e animatori straordinari: ex campioni
Free • 4
rating
All Android applications categories
tradizionali ma anche di nuovi sport inediti per l’Italia, con istruttori e animatori straordinari: ex campioni
Free • 4
dello smartphone/tablet. -Aggiornamento Online dell’elenco volantini. -Visualizzazione (Online) dei
Free • 3.3K
A quick and easy way to get the weather forecast for your region updated in real time by meteorologists! - Weather forecast for the morning / afternoon / evening - Rainfall radar - Select any city in the World - Value of forecast reliability - Probability of sunshine and precipitations - Perceived temperature - Average, mimimum and maximum temp…
Free • 13.6K.7K 307.2 824.4K
Become the ultimate shopkeeper by managing the best fantasy item shop across the Kingdom
Free • 69.6K
ShopBack is the smarter way to shop online: we offer up to 30% cashback on all your online
Free • 13.1.9.4.7M 1.4M
Fix up the neighborhood in Doraemon's time management game. Today, I learned Doraemon is a robot cat. I feel silly for not knowing, but I was fooled by the lack of ears. If you know more about the little blue guy than I do, you'll probably be interested in Animoca's Doraemon Repair Shop, a time management game in which you tirelessly work to fix up….
Free • 193.1K 73.9M
A item auctioning app.. Tophatter: up to 80% OFF! brings the tophatter.com deals to the palm of your hand. Access thousands of different products through your mobile device. Make bids and win items! With over 3 million current users, chances are there is something you'll end up wanting. THE PROS Load up times were quick and this file size is small….
Free • 82.1 56.5K
Apps available in other platforms:
Download Litalia dello shoppingAs an entrepreneur, blogger, someone looking to make their mark in a particular field, or someone simply looking for a job, attending networking events is a way to meet potential employers, learn the environment of a company and make connections that would help with business in the near future. Preparing for a networking event is pretty similar to preparing for an interview, however networking events are less personal which means that you get one shot to make an impression, make a business partner and make a sale. Here are some helpful tips when preparing for a successful networking event.
Never attend a networking event without a plan or purpose, otherwise it becomes just another social gathering. If you’re an entrepreneur looking to build a larger customer base, the goal is to present and “sale” your product to as many people as possible. If you are a blogger looking to build a larger following, market your site with something that others don’t have. If you are looking for a place of employment with the company, search and talk to the people who are in charge of the hiring process and make it known that you are hoping to work for their company. Play up on your good qualities, but don’t overkill it.
Is it A Good Fit? Research the different companies and organizations who are hosting the networking event. Are they a right fit for what you are looking for? If you’re someone looking to break out into a career in media and publishing attending a networking event for people in finance most likely wouldn’t make any sense. Most good networking events cost money to attend, but the lessons and takeaways are very invaluable, it is important to tap into your discernment when figuring out which ones are good investments or money wasted. Ask yourself is what you’re learning or going to be learning at this network event things you already know? Are there companies or speakers on the roster who you would love to meet if given the chance? Are there more things you can do without than with?
Be Yourself. It’ll help you stand out. When most people attend networking events, they always do research and tend to read articles like this that forces them to either turn into a robot or causes them to completely overdo it. To be on the safe side, just be yourself. If you would normally wear bold colors and accessories because they are a part of your personal brand, then ditch the black, grey or tan business suit that everyone else will be wearing. Don’t be afraid to walk up to someone and introduce yourself. Be your usual humorous self (careful with the vulgar jokes though). Most companies look for personality. They get a dozen applicants a day, meet tons of people who want to partner with them and if you’re a blogger there are millions of people in this world who have the same thoughts as you, but how are you going to set yourself a part from the rest?
Always have business cards or information about yourself ready. When things are going well with a connection pass them a card with your contact on it. You wouldn’t walk away from a good date without exchanging information so why would you walk away from a great potential partner, employer, or customer without doing the same? Remember you are a brand. You are your own PR agent and marketing team.Photographs by: Fabio Lovino e Alfredo Buonanno
Genre: Singer song Writing
Last Record: Per Tutti (Sugar / 2014)
BIOGRAPHY
Born in Rome the 4th of March 1970, he writes songs since the age of 12.
Between 1988 and 1994 he moulds his passion with his first band, 6 suoi ex before celebrating a long cooperation with Niccoló Fabi, (with which he signs amongst others “Dica”, “Capelli”, “Rosso”, “Vento d’Estate”, “Lasciarsi un giorno a Roma” producing and arranging the first 2 albums “Il giardiniere” e “Niccoló Fabi”). Coproduction with Max Gazzè (“La favola di Adamo ed Eva”) and cooperation with Frankie Hi-Nrg Mc follows (unforgettable their copy work that lead in the refrain of “Quelli che benpensano”). Alternating his passion for the movie camera with the recording room, he works at 360° with Tiromancino; in “La descrizione di un attimo” he signs with the group the production and all the songs including “Due destini” (“Le fate ignoranti”) and “Strade” (with Tiromancino in Sanremo 2000). Still in 2000 he writes and produces “Medicina buona” for Comitiva, group in which figure Frankie Hi-Nrg Mc, Elisa, Ice One, Francesco Zampaglione, David Nerattini and Franco Califano (died on the 30th March 2013) and the following year publishes his first solo work – “Riccardo Sinigallia” – that is often inserted by the specialized critics in the ranks of the best Italian records of these years. After three years “Incontri a metà strada“ follows; the album with which he manages to create his own space in the songwriting panorama.
Partner of Luca Carboni - in 2008 – in “Musiche Ribelli” (where the two play again some some of the Italian seventies song writing gems) since 2012 he is a vital part of Deproducers with which he publishes “Planetario”, music for space lectures (realized together with Max Casacci, Gianni Maroccolo, Vittorio Cosma, Howie B, Dodo Nkishi and Fabio Peri, the latter curator of the Planetario di Milano).
At the 64th edition of the Sanremo Festival he has presented “Prima di andare via” and “Una rigenerazione”, inserted in the brand new Per Tutti, published the 20th February 2014: the first with Sugar label. These new songs and his journey that has brought him up to here, will give life to concerts that will see him committed in what remains of 2014.
Recently, Riccardo Sinigallia with the Deproducers has realized two soundtracks: “La Vita Oscena” of Renato De Maria and “Italy In A Day” of Gabriele Salvatores, presented at the latest Festival del Cinema di Venezia; in the o.s.t. of Italy In A Day the single Just One Day is included, interpreted by Riccardo himself and awarded by Assomusica.
LIVE
gennaio, 2018
Non ci sono eventi in programma
DISCOGRAPHYCee’s Black and White Photo Challenge – Bathrooms and Outhouses Posted on August 18, 2016 by Mama Cormier ….join the fun at Cee’s Photography Share this:PrintTwitterFacebookPinterestRedditEmailLike this:Like Loading...
I don’t know if I would want to be digging close to the outhouse. 😀 Great gallery Carol.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I never thought about the closeness to the old hole when we were doing this. We didn’t have much choice because the structure itself is so heavy that to move it any farther would have been a problem.DREADING the long drive to Middlesbrough this weekend to watch The Seasiders?
If so, spare a thought for three kind-hearted Pool fans who are raising money for charity – by making the trip on bikes.
Blackpool physio Phil Horner waving off cyclists Matt Smith, John Aspinall and Nick Smith
Nick Smith, Matt Smith and John Aspinall set-off yesterday morning on a 150-mile cycle to raise money for Blackpool coach Gary Parkinson.
The 43-year-old was left with ‘locked-in’ syndrome following a massive stroke last year.
A number of events have been held in recent months to raise money for the family, the latest coming about after a conversation in a pub.
Organiser Nick Smith said, “It sounded like a good idea when we first spoke about it on a summer’s day in The Taps in Lytham.
“Now it’s here its totally different, but it’s for a great cause. It was originally my idea to raise some money for Parky. We were going to do a sponsored walk, but in the end we settled on a bike ride to Middlesbrough.
“We are close to the £2,000 mark now, hopefully we can get over that before we arrive on Saturday. We’ve had support from Burnley and Preston fans too, none of us have forgotten Gary.”
Middlesbrough is one of Parkinson’s former clubs.
“We couldn’t have asked for anything more with the weather so far,” said John Aspinall.
With the aid of physio Andrew Ogilvie, they aim to make it to the North East just before kick-off tomorrow.
To donate visit forparky- Will A KISS Environmental Policy Work For America?
- Are The Forces Present To Break Oil Out Of Its Range?
- Are Oil Company Execs Like Ostriches About EVs?
- Study Says New York Can Do Without Nuclear Power Plant
Musings From the Oil Patch
March A KISS Environmental Policy Work For America? (Top)
It started as a trickle into our inbox, but then became a torrent. The topic was how and why a carbon tax is the solution to our environmental challenges. On February 2nd, Rhode Island State Representative Aaron Regunberg, a Democrat representing the city of Providence, introduced a bill for the legislature’s consideration: Energize Rhode Island: Clean Energy Investment and Carbon Pricing Act of 2017. Rep. Regunberg attempted to claim the high moral ground with his statement: “With Exxon running the State Department and climate deniers at every level of Trump’s administration, we must accept that the ambitious climate action necessary to guarantee a habitable planet for our children is not going to come from Washington.”
Little did we realize that this trickle would become a torrent only days later when leading Republican statesmen – James A. Baker, III and George Shultz, both former Secretaries of State and of the Treasury– would propose a carbon tax for dealing with climate change. We, like many others, were slightly taken aback by this proposal, especially coming from a native Texan who is closely associated with the oil business. Even Mr. Shultz, who after his years of service to the federal government went on to work for and eventually head up the Bechtel Group, a leading global construction company, has an energy connection. Both Mr. Baker and Mr. Shultz understand the politics of governing and “the art of making a deal.” However, the explosive and toxic social issue of climate change just may test their combined abilities. For that reason, a keep it simple, stupid (KISS) policy may gain some traction.
In reading about Rep. Regunberg’s bill, we see it as somewhat of a chest-thumping political move. While presented as a progressive effort, after study it becomes clear it is following legislation rather than leadership. That is in contrast to the leadership of Roger Williams, the founder of Rhode Island, whose fundamental disagreement with Pilgrim leaders in Massachusetts led to him being tried and convicted of sedition and heresy and being banned from the colony. Leaving shortly before being evicted, he headed 55 miles south to land outside the control of Massachusetts. He eventually crossed the Seekonk River and purchased land from the Narragansett Indians to establish the colony of Providence. A year later, another Massachusetts religious exile, John Clarke, led a group of followers from Salem and purchased the Aquidneck Island in Narragansett Bay and renamed it Rhode Island.
Eventually, Roger Williams secured a charter from the UK Parliament in 1644 for Providence Plantations – the cities of Providence and Warwick. Later, to resolve a dispute over who would rule Rhode Island, it and Providence Plantations were combined. The colony was known for welcoming individuals who were “distressed of conscience.” This religious openness attracted many individuals who were persecuted for their beliefs such as Baptists and Jews. The colony officially established a majority democratic form of government and became the first colony to formally separate religion from citizenship.
That religious and citizenship separation, along with Roger Williams’ deep friendship with the Narragansett Indians, became a contentious issue for neighboring Connecticut and Massachusetts. This tension played a major role in the Pequot War (1637-1638), when those colonies attempted to wipe out the local Native American tribes, while Roger Williams was helping protect their leaders.
A key defining difference amongst the colonies developed in the 1640s when Massachusetts and Connecticut enacted laws allowing slavery, while Providence Plantations banned the practice. When Providence was reunited with Rhode Island, the towns on Aquidneck Island rejected the anti-slavery law, effectively ending its enforcement within the colony. For the next century, the economic and political center of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations was Newport, which ignored the anti-slavery law and became the leading American port in the Triangle trade of molasses, rum and slaves.
Rep. Regunberg’s proposal calls for Rhode Island to levy a $15-a-ton tax on carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gases emitted from burning fossil fuels in the state. Power plants, electricity and fuel distributors, and gas stations that sell the fuel are assessed the tax, with the money collected in the Clean Energy and Jobs Fund and “recycled” back into the state. The state would then redistribute this recycled cash on the basis of: 25% going to fund programs for renewable energy, energy efficiency and climate-change adaptation; 30% returned as a dividend to companies in the state based on their number of full-time employees; and 40% paid as a dividend to each Rhode Island resident, either via credits against their income tax bills or in the form of a check if they don't file a tax return.
The structure of this proposed legislation is designed to counter the experience of a similar carbon tax proposed in the State of Washington. That legislation was put up for vote in last November’s election and was defeated soundly by the citizens of a very liberal and pro-environmental state. Why did it get voted down? The legislation was proposed to be revenue neutral and the environmental movement wanted the tax to raise more money and to direct a significant portion of the funds to renewable energy projects. This is why the Rhode Island bill proposes spending 25% of the tax revenues on renewable energy projects.
We smiled when we read Rep. Regunberg’s rhetoric supporting the bill as we focused on the “dirty” little secret buried in the draft legislation. As Rep. Regunberg put it, “This policy would make Rhode Island a city on a hill when it comes to ambitious climate action, helping to inspire other states to follow our lead.” He went on to say at the kickoff event for the legislation held at the Rhode Island Statehouse, “Anyone who was worried about this policy making Rhode Island an outlier should have no reason not to support immediate passage of this legislation because it’s not actually going to be implemented until our neighbors step up and follow suit.” By that he meant that until Massachusetts, and possibly Connecticut, enact similar legislation, the Rhode Island law would not be implemented. That condition reminded us of the challenge in raising our children when we were confronted with the “but everyone else does it” justification for their actions or wants. We also thought back to the era when Roger Williams was willing to “go his own way” rather than submit to the governing approaches of Massachusetts and Connecticut. I guess that isn’t as important anymore.
The Rhode Island carbon tax idea was in our thoughts as just a few days later we opened our Wall Street Journal to find an op-ed written by Messrs. Baker and Shultz expounding on why a carbon tax was the right policy for this nation to deal with fossil fuels and climate change, as proposed by the Climate Leadership Council. The Republican leaders’ carbon tax plan is less progressive than that proposed for Rhode Island. The Republican leaders’ proposal would start with a “sensible” $40-a-ton tax on the carbon in fossil fuels that would be collected by the government and rebated to residents quarterly in the form of a tax-free dividend from the government, with an initial annual estimate of $2,000 per household. The tax would be levied at the first point of fossil fuel’s entry into the economy – a well, a mine or a port of entry. The tax would increase steadily, enabling consumers and businessmen to plan accordingly. The advent of a carbon tax would eliminate the need for carbon emissions rules and regulations that have been stifling America’s businesses and would be rolled back in consort with the introduction of the carbon tax.
From an economic point of view, less fossil fuel supply would be needed, as the higher price due to the tax reduces consumption. As Exhibit 1 shows, the consumer bears most of the tax’s impact. What would also be expected, given a rising tax over time, is for the demand curve to also shift, but because demand for fossil fuels is largely inelastic, the shift will take longer to become evident. What the shape of the new long-term demand curve looks like is unknown, but economic theory is sure about the reduction in current demand due to moving the price point up the demand curve as a result of the tax.
Exhibit 1. Economic Theory Says Carbon Taxes Work
Source: welkerswikinomics.com
The Baker-Shultz carbon tax is designed to signal to the economy the least environmentally damaging fuels to power the nation going forward, while recognizing that it will lift energy and energy-related costs for all consumers. The quarterly rebates are designed to offset the hardship higher energy costs impose on families and businesses. The problem is that much like taking two aspirin after spraining your ankle, you suffer pain until: a) you find the aspirin; b) you swallow them; and c) the pain medication works. From an economic theory point-of-view, taxes that raise the price of an inelastic (a purchase that cannot be postponed) good such as energy hurts consumer budgets and forces spending cutbacks. There is also the question of how consumers will handle their dividend windfalls, as traditionally people save a large portion before spending the balance. Since the rebates will be less than 100% of the tax collected, consumer spending may be throttled back. How much spending is lost also depends on how much sticks to the hands of bureaucrats.
The key point of the Baker-Shultz plan is that very little of the tax collections will be retained by the federal government to administer the plan. We have no idea how many additional bureaucrats will be necessary, but certainly there will additional federal employees hired. Based on 2012 Congressional testimony by Richard Gregg, U.S. Treasury Department fiscal assistant secretary, it costs the federal government $0.09 per electronic transfer versus $1.05 per paper check mailed. If we assume there are 125.82 million households in the U.S. in 2016 who would receive dividend payments and 5% of them receive checks, the administrative costs per quarter would be $17.4 million ($6.6 million for checks and $10.8 million for electronic transfers). Annually, the administrative cost would total $69.6 million, which, relative to the federal government, is a rounding error for most department budgets. We can’t estimate what the bureaucracy overhead would cost, but it likely will be much greater than the dividend expense.
A KISS carbon tax, such as that proposed by Baker-Schultz is likely a better option than the Rhode Island approach, which conjures up memories of the failed Solyndra investment as well as other green energy projects of the Obama administration. The KISS approach merely establishes a cost for using fossil fuels, which would appropriately assign a greater cost to the fuels emitting the most carbon. Its aim is to drive users to cleaner burning fuels. In contrast, the Rhode Island plan (and presumably the other New England states’ plans) returns only a fraction of the tax to consumers, so it essentially is just another tax masquerading as an environmental solution, while allowing politicians to determine where the money flows.
To support its proposal, the Rhode Island sponsors of the carbon tax rely on a report prepared in 2015 by Regional Economic Models, Inc., a Washington, D.C. based economic consulting fire. In their report, four possible tax plans were developed, each having a different revenue distribution structure. The common element of the plans had the carbon tax starting at $15 per ton and escalating each year by $5, while also being indexed for inflation. The reports’ conclusion was: “All of the four cases increase the total number of jobs and GSP [Gross State Product] in Rhode Island—mostly by reducing the importation of fossil energy and, therefore, keeping dollars local to create jobs and grow businesses in the Ocean State. The carbon price also discourages fossil fuel usages, which reduces emissions relative to the BASELINE scenario.”
The report summarized its conclusions in the following four charts:
Exhibit 2. How Rhode Island Will Benefit From A Carbon Tax
Source: REMI
Like all good consultant reports, it is presented as good news for Rhode Island politicians, who are still shepherding the 50th worst performing state economy according to the 2016 CNBC ranking of America’s Top States for Business. Amazingly, Rhode Island’s economy in 2016 dropped two places from its 2015 finish! The CNBC ranking, which is highly coveted by state politicians, showed that Rhode Island’s infrastructure ranked dead last for both 2016 and 2015, and measures such as quality of life fell to 24th from 12th and education quality declined to 20th place from 13th in 2015. The state’s workforce was tied at 23rd place, but its economy ranking fell six spots to 45th and its cost of living ranked 43rd, while the cost of doing business was 45th. The performance of the Rhode Island economy over the past decade has caused the youth of the state to seek better job opportunities outside of Rhode Island, leaving the state with an aging population that will further add to its challenges.
In contrast to REMI’s glowing report on the benefits from the carbon tax and other green-energy programs for Rhode Island, a 2016 report prepared by the Rhode Island Center for Freedom & Prosperity came to a sharply different conclusion. The RI Center is a non-profit organization that promotes free-market solutions for social and economic issues. It found that the state government’s green-energy initiatives, including the carbon tax, will cost Rhode Island 4,000-6,000 jobs, boost the cost of the state’s government by $141-$190 million and lead to a 49%-73% increase in the base cost of electricity that, in turn, will lift electricity rates by 13%-18%. The overall impact of these programs will be a hit of $670-$893 million to the state’s already weak economy. According to Mike Stenhouse, CEO for the RI Center, "Our state economy is simply too fragile to be able to handle this kind of negative hit."
Given the state of Rhode Island’s economy, why not add an additional tax on consumers that will generate a nice pot of money the politicians can hand out to curry favors from recipients. Citizens are being quickly reminded of the 38 Studio scandal of a few years ago that cost them $75 million. The loss came from funds loaned to an electronic gaming company headed by retired Boston Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling that was lured to the state by the offer of the financing. Almost before the ink was dry on the loan documents, financial issues arose and in 2012, 38 Studios declared bankruptcy that revealed a massive government scandal, the full extent of which remains unknown.
Many states, provinces and countries have in place, are considering or have plans for a carbon tax. The World Bank recently published a map showing countries in green with some form of carbon tax in place, and those in yellow either having such a tax planned or under consideration.
Exhibit 3. The Global Landscape For Carbon Taxes
Source: World Bank
While the Baker-Schultz carbon tax plan has sponsorship from two leading economists – Martin Feldstein and Gregory Mankiw, both former chairs of the President’s Council of Economic Advisors – the plan is structured to be revenue neutral. People considering carbon taxes such as this one often look to history for proof of its benefits. They often cast their eyes to Canada where the federal government has just passed a carbon tax that will come into effect for any province that hasn’t enacted its own carbon tax by 2018. The push for carbon taxes is designed to help Canada meet its Paris climate agreement commitments for reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
In Canada, the experience of British Columbia is held up as an example of a successful carbon tax. It was instituted in 2008. The initial plan followed the “textbook” revenue-neutral structure, but, according to recent reviews, it has slowly morphed into a more progressive structure as tax reductions have trended toward more corporate tax relief with less help being directed to residents and especially low-income citizens.
Whether the British Columbia carbon tax is working seems to be open to debate. Studies we have examined conclude that the tax is working as planned, while other studies question if it is meeting its goals. A 2015 report concluded that the carbon tax has largely worked as planned, but that its tax-neutrality structure has been eroded into one with “industrial policy” objectives promoting certain economic sectors. Whether that is good or bad seems to depend on one’s political agenda.
Two important conclusions coming from this report are that emission reductions through reduced fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions seem to be in line with expectations, while it also appears that the carbon tax has not hurt the province’s economic performance. While both conclusions are important and positive, they seem to be based on data through 2014. Recently, questions are being raised as to whether the carbon tax is still generating positive results.
Last April, Canada’s environment minister wrote her provincial counterpart that based on Environment Canada’s latest greenhouse gas projections, British Columbia will struggle to meet its 2020 goal of reducing emissions by one-third from 2007 levels. In fact, instead of reducing greenhouse gas emissions, the 2014 Emissions Trend Report says British Columbia is actually on track to increase them from 2005 levels by 11% by 2020.
Exhibit 4, on the next page, shows the history of carbon emissions in British Columbia between 1990 and 2014. As seen, emissions rose steadily and sharply from 1992 to 2004 before beginning to fall. The decline stopped in 2011 and then climbed.
Exhibit 4. Even With Carbon Tax Emissions Are Rising
Source: Environmental Reporting BC
Looking at the impact of emissions on the province’s gross domestic production, the chart in Exhibit 5 looks considerably different – a steady decline from a peak that starts in 1990. When one looks at 1990-1996, there was a decline followed by an increase almost back to the 1990 peak. What is interesting about the chart is that the pace of the decline in carbon emissions slowed at the time of the 2008 global financial crisis and has remained at a flattened pace compared to the early years of this century. The change in pace also happens to coincide with the introduction of the British Columbia carbon tax. Is this merely a coincidence or something more significant?
Exhibit 5. Carbon Tax Seems To Help Cut Emissions
Source: Environmental Reporting BC
One thing that is happening in British Columbia is that its vehicle fuel consumption has begun rising as shown in Exhibit 6 on the next page. As the local population grows and the economy expands, this increase in gasoline consumption is not a complete surprise.
Exhibit 6. Rising BC Gas Consumption May Boost Emissions
Source: Statistics Canada
Another consideration is how carbon emissions are growing in the province primarily from its energy sector. That is important since the province derives most of its electric power from hydro sources, which are clean.
Exhibit 7. Growing Energy Sector Boosting Emissions
Source: Environmental Reporting BC
As British Columbia becomes more of an energy producer, it may see its carbon emissions rise further. This possibility can be seen by looking at the record of carbon emissions by province for 1990, 2005 and 2014. What Exhibit 8 (next page) shows is that Alberta and Saskatchewan, both substantial energy producers, experienced rising carbon emissions over time. While British Columbia’s performance improved between 2005 and 2014, the latest data suggests these gains are shrinking and the province is starting to follow the pattern of its energy-intensive neighboring provinces.
Exhibit 8. Energy Intensive Provinces Lead Emissions
Source: Statistics Canada
It is interesting to see how the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) assesses the impact of a carbon tax on fuel use in this country. In 2012, the EIA compared possible fuel mix shifts for generating electricity under a $15 per ton carbon fee and a $25 per ton fee versus its then-reference case. As the charts in Exhibit 9 show, the higher the carbon fee, the greater the impact on coal’s role in generating electricity in 2035. As a share of electric generation, coal’s contribution falls from 38% under the reference case to 16% in 2035 under the $15 per tax fee, but it is only 4% under the $25 per ton case. What would it be under a $40 a ton fee? Renewables and natural gas benefit from the carbon fee. As the carbon fee increases, according to the EIA, the major fuel beneficiary is nuclear power, whose share goes from 18% in 2035 to 38% under the $25 per ton fee case. Given what has happened to natural gas prices and nuclear power since 2012, we would guess that the latter’s benefit would not be as much as in the earlier forecasts, while natural gas would gain more market share. Renewables would likely benefit, also.
Exhibit 9. Coal Is The Big Loser Under Carbon Tax
Source: EIA
While reducing carbon emissions is the desired goal, there is a broad range of possible approaches from the KISS proposal to highly restrictive legislation such as proposed by Rhode Island. Major oil companies such as ExxonMobil are supportive of a KISS carbon tax, primarily for two reasons: they see it as the least disruptive market force and they expect the tax will come with reduced environmental rules and regulations.
Citizens in favor of small government will recoil at all these proposals since setting the tax rate allows politicians to open up a flood of revenue for the government. Recycling essentially all of it should inflict the least economic harm, but even that theory is open to question. The experience in British Columbia and Australia, who tried it for a couple of years before rejecting the carbon tax, presents a mixed bag of outcomes. Given the current mood of the nation, we doubt either of these carbon tax proposals, or likely any carbon tax, have much chance of becoming law in the near-term.
Are The Forces Present To Break Oil Out Of Its Range? (Top)
We fully understand that we are engaged in a fool’s errand, but trying to divine where crude oil prices may be heading helps us focus on the developments with selective forces that impact near-term price movements. Acknowledging that age-old corporate strategy, producers and commodity speculators are “wishing and hoping” oil prices will move higher, at least based on the record net long positions of commodity traders. What a better world it would be if oil was trading at $70 or $80 a barrel. According to producers, they don’t need $100 a barrel such they benefitted from for four years prior to OPEC’s decision in November 2014 to let oil freefall to its “market-driven” price level. Will wishing and hoping get us there?
Exhibit 10. Commodity Traders Still Bullish On Oil Prices
Source: CFTC, EIA, PPHB
If we look to trends such as the value of the U.S. dollar that impacts the price of all commodities that trade globally, or the volatility of the option index on the value of the U.S. Oil Fund, it sure looks like we may get there. Looking at those trends is also what commodity traders are doing as they are placing their bullish bets. As we have done before, in Exhibit 11, we have highlighted in the yellow circle the current market conditions for these two measures along with the trend in spot oil prices. This allows you to compare the current environment for those forces against market conditions that existed back in 2008-2009 when oil prices were recovering following the global financial crisis. This was a time when oil prices were just beginning their ascent back above $100 a barrel.
Exhibit 11. Market Forces Suggest Higher Oil Prices Coming
Source: EIA, St. Louis Fed, Marketwatch, PPHB
After considering the status of these factors, one would have to say that the odds favor higher oil prices in the future. Of course, that observation avoids answering the questions of how high oil prices might climb when they break out and how long they might remain at lofty levels. Those questions are what haunts oil price forecasters. Therefore, we will follow the admonition given to oil price forecasters – never predict both a price and a date in the same forecast. To do so ensures that you will be wrong, and thus you will certainly be engaged in a fool’s errand.
A disconcerting issue is that despite the claims of OPEC officials and reports from various media surveys of OPEC member countries that they are living up to their commitment to cut production, import data suggests they are not. Moreover, based on China’s January import data, many of the non-OPEC countries who agreed to support OPEC’s production cut with their own output reduction are not following through. The International Energy Agency (IEA) has claimed that OPEC cut its combined output by one million barrels per day at the start of 2017, a 90% compliance ratio. This high compliance is contrary to the history of the organization that has basically only met about two-thirds of its agreed-to cuts in the past.
An article published on ZeroHedge.com made the point that after examining the Chinese oil import data for January, it appears that crude oil shipments from the 11 OPEC member countries who agreed to the production cuts actually increased their shipments to China by 28% year over year, and by 4% sequentially from December. The author of the report made the point that the month-to-month increase came at a time when production was supposed to be declining. The problem with this report may be a confusion of production and importing – they cannot physically be simultaneous.
While we could not find the same import numbers the author quotes (we may have been looking at a different data source), we found a chart of the monthly value of China’s oil imports from 2007 through January 2017. What the chart shows is that during the $100 a barrel oil price boom, China’s crude oil import value was rising – not surprising given the higher oil price and increased volumes.
Exhibit 12. China Oil Imports Break Pattern of Prior Years
Source: chinaoilweb.com
The other observation from the chart was that virtually every year the value of oil imports declined between December and January, which is contrary to what the article suggests happened this time. The historic pattern is largely explained by the effort of oil officials to build up oil supplies in the country prior to the celebration of the Chinese New Year when the country essentially shuts down for a week. That holiday is usually in late January, so it makes sense that import volumes would rise at calendar year-end and then decline in January as the holiday shuts down the country for part of that month.
A supportive point for the article’s conclusion, however, is to look at where the January low was in 2016 compared to this January. As the chart shows, this January’s low is considerably higher than the prior January low. But that does not suggest anything about oil production. The sailing distance between the Port of Doha in Qatar and Beijin Harbor in southern China is 6,100 nautical miles. At a speed of 10 knots, the trip requires 25.5 days of sailing time.
What we do know about the global oil market is that Asia is the fastest growing region and is the prime target for large crude oil exporters such as Saudi Arabia and Russia. Therefore, it is not a coincidence that Saudi King Salman is leading a large delegation of officials on a month-long trip to the region currently. He has visited Malaysia and just arrived in Indonesia, before heading on to Brunei, Japan, China and the Maldives before stopping off in Jordan on his way home.
Some eye-opening facts about how King Salman is traveling on this trip. He is hauling 505 tons of stuff, which is the equivalent of 200 African Elephants! Included in his stuff that was transported by six Boeing jets and a military cargo plane are two Mercedes-Benz S600 cars and two free-standing elevators. He is also traveling with 1,500 people, including 10 ministers, 800 delegates and 25 princes, who traveled to Indonesia, the site of the longest segment of the trip, on 36 different flights over a three-week period. The entourage is occupying hundreds of hotel rooms in four of the most exclusive hotels in Jakarta. Our guess is that the bill for this trip will resemble the national debt of many small countries.
After reading a report from the commodity strategy team at RBC Capital Markets, it reinforces our view that the ZeroHedge.com article is confused about the data. The report focused on the issue of Saudi Arabian oil pricing into Asia as a precursor of when higher oil prices might occur. They are watching oil supplies coming into the Asian region from the Atlantic Basin including West Africa and the North Sea. These are not normal sources for Asian oil supplies. The summary to their report stated the following:
“Given the plethora of headline noise in the oil market, we continue to cut through to what ultimately matters. Our view remains that light crudes in the Atlantic Basin have to clear in order for the market to move materially higher. The one leading indicator to watch is the monthly Official Selling Prices for Saudi Arabia’s flagship Arab Light Crude into Asia.
“The OPEC production cut means that there are fewer barrels flowing from the Middle East to Asia, leaving that key demand region reaching farther than usual to pull barrels. In short, Atlantic Basin crudes are migrating eastward.
“With increased light, sweet barrels heading toward Asia from less conventional trade routes, the Saudis cannot raise light OSPs into Asia on a material basis until there is less competition. Raising OSPs is a sign that the Saudis deem Asia less competitive, meaning that the Atlantic Basin has been cleared and the global rebalancing is well underway.”
Their observation about fewer barrels moving from the Middle East to Asia is supported by a chart from PlattsMarine showing Persian Gulf to Japan VLCC (very large crude oil carrier) tanker rates. As noted, tanker rates for this route rose during December as OPEC members stepped up output prior to the imposition of the production cutback. Tanker rates spiked at the very beginning of January when the last of the December production was available. Rates have steadily declined since early January through the end of February when they fell sharply, presumably reflecting even less oil available for the Asian market from Middle East producers. Rising and falling tanker rates are a true reflection of the movement of crude oil, especially in an oversupplied tanker market. The Chinese customs data reflects the arrival of crude oil volumes after many days at sea.
Exhibit 13. Arabian Gulf-Japan VLCC Rates
Source: PlattsMarine
At this time, we think the earlier fundamental trends we focused on are more supportive of higher oil prices than the Chinese import data is for lower oil prices. The question remains whether commodity traders are responsible for driving spot oil prices up as they built their super-bullish bet for further crude oil price increases. Will this peak mark another time when the next move in oil prices is down? Time will tell.
Are Oil Company Execs Like Ostriches About EVs? (Top)
Recently, after years of never having to write down the amount of their proved oil and gas reserves, Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM-NYSE) announced that due to the low oil prices that prevailed during 2016, it had determined that 4.3 billion barrels of oil-equivalent (boe) reserves no longer qualified as proved reserves. In that category was 3.5 billion barrels of bitumen at the Kearl oil sands project in Alberta, Canada. The other 800 million boe that no longer qualifies as proved reserves is spread throughout North America. At the same time, the company announced it had added one billion boe to its proved reserves through purchases, improved asset performance and a decision to fund the expansion of the Tengiz project in Kazakhstan. While ExxonMobil’s proved reserves stand at 20 billion boe, the company estimates that its total hydrocarbon resources are 91 billion boe. It is these last numbers that have some investors nervous as they worry that changes underway in the global oil and gas business may result in a meaningful portion of these resources and proved reserves being at risk of never being produced as demand for oil and gas falls in the future.
Recently, significant media attention was directed to a joint report issued by environmental research groups Carbon Tracker and the Grantham Institute at Imperial College London. This report was an analysis of the potential for continued cost reductions in solar photovoltaics (PV) and electric vehicle (EV) technology to displace fossil fuel demand and help mitigate carbon emissions. The key message of the study was that the dynamic improvements in these two technologies will significantly disrupt energy company markets and business outlooks. Therefore, energy company managers who rely on “business as usual” scenarios when planning their company’s futures are at risk of seriously underestimating how quickly their markets may shrink, leaving them with substantial corporate assets at risk of having little or no value. That is certainly a scenario that scares investors, and something that should concern oil company executives. But how real is this threat?
The message of the study is that energy company managers (and their shareholders) should consider focusing on more disruptive business scenarios and to more rigorously assess whether their current business models and strategies are actually much riskier than currently believed. If true, managers still have time to adjust their plans to ensure that assets are not impaired and that the company is repositioned to capitalize on future business opportunities. Of course that requires that oil demand will not completely end, as some environmentalists are hoping.
The Carbon Tracker/Grantham Institute report is based on critical assessments for future cost improvements for PV and EV technologies. In the report, the authors cite that PV module costs have fallen by 99% since 1976. While the source of that statement was not accessible, Exhibit 14 (on next page) has a chart produced by Rocky Mountain Institute showing the capital cost of PV panels from 1976 to 2010. In this analysis, the cost-per-watt in 2015 dollars declined from about $65 per watt to approximately $2.
A more recent analysis by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory covering 1998 to 2015 shows a different measure of PV cost. (See Exhibit 15 on next page.) The pattern of that decline is interesting. It took 11 years for the price per watt to drop from $12 to $8. Notice how the cost per watt dropped between 1998 and 2000, but then remained flat until 2002, after which it declined for the next three years. Starting in 2005, the cost slowly increased for two years before beginning a slow decline that lasted for two years. In 2009, the pace of decline accelerated until it reached about $4 per watt, or half the 2009 value. The recent decline coincides with China’s entrance into the solar panel manufacturing business and its prompt dumping of surplus output into the U.S. market, driving down panel prices and driving U.S. manufacturers out of business.
Exhibit 14. Solar Cost Cut Reflects Expensive Starting Point
Source: Rocky Mountain Institute
It is difficult to separate how much of the historical price decline came from technological improvements versus that from a misguided investment strategy by China. More importantly, will these price reduction trends continue as in the past and how dependent on technological breakthroughs in material science are lower prices in the future?
Exhibit 15. Recent Panel Cost Reduction Due To China
Source: Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
An additional point was made in the report’s introduction about value destruction from low-carbon transformations and how they should be avoided. The report cites an earlier Carbon Trackers’ report that between 2008 and 2013, the European Union’s five largest utilities lost over €100 billion (US$105.6 billion) in market value. The reason offered for the value decline was that the utility managers failed to predict the penetration of low-carbon technologies due to cost deflation in these technologies.
Exhibit 16. What Really Drove Utility Value Decline?
Source: Carbon Tracker
That earlier Carbon Tracker report contained several charts that raise questions about the conclusions offered in this new report. Exhibit 16 tracks the change in market capitalization for the five large utility companies. Remember that the global financial crisis exploded on the scene in 2008 and was followed by a global recession in 2009. For Europe, however, its economic recovery didn’t come until the first quarter of 2016, eight years after the financial crisis. Also, several of the utilities’ market values were significantly impaired by rash government decisions to shut down their country’s nuclear power plants following the Fukushima, Japan, nuclear accident in 2011. Attributing all this value loss to management failure in appreciating low carbon energy is an overstatement, in our opinion.
We also thought the use of the chart of coal generation by these utilities over 2008-2013 was interesting. As shown, Carbon Tracker states that total EU coal consumption fell by 4.2% over the period, but what the chart actually shows is that the five major utilities collectively increased their coal use. Two of the five utilities decreased their coal use, while the other three increased their use, and several by significant amounts. Much of the increased coal consumption came in the final two years of the period examined, which coincided with Germany’s mandate to massively develop green energy. The significant growth in intermittent solar and wind power generating capacity forced utilities to burn more coal from both domestic sources and imported from the U.S., in order to keep German’s power grid from failing.
Exhibit 17. Large Utilities Used More Coal For A Reason
Source: Carbon Tracker
The significance of the new report for the oil industry was the section on the growth of EVs and their impact on future oil demand. Like other studies of EVs’ future and gasoline demand, a handful of key assumptions drive the conclusions. For example, what will be the acceptance of EVs? Will the pace reflect that of the mobile phone, or the telephone? Apple (AAPL–Nasdaq) introduced the iPhone in 2007 and by 2010, according to a survey, 9 out of 10 men, women and children had a cell phone in the U.S. On the other hand, in the U.S. in 1902, there were 2.4 million phone lines, which increased 12-fold by 1943 to 26.4 million phone lines. In 1937, a U.S. census determined that there were 19.5 million total phone lines in the country with 11 million being residential lines. That represented a 32% household penetration rate, but after three and a half decades.
This report focuses on the reduction in battery cost as a key driver for acceptance of EVs. They point to the U.S. Department of Energy’s report showing that battery costs have fallen from $1,000/watt in 2008 to $268/watt in 2015, a 73% reduction. They go on to point out a statement from General Motors (GM-NYSE) that it has reduced the battery cost for its Chevy Bolt to $145/watt. This forms the basis for the assumption that “through maintained R&D and strong investment, the capital cost of BEVs [battery electric vehicles], plug-in hybrids (PHEVs) and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (FCVs) will reach cost parity with ICEs [internal combustion engines] by 2020.” What the authors seemed to ignore was GM’s statement at that time when they discussed reducing battery costs. Their statement was that GM would lose $9,000 per Bolt sold.
The Chevy Bolt has a 60 kilowatt battery. At GM’s cost per watt, the battery pack for the Bolt will cost $8,700 for a car whose list price is $37,500 before any tax incentives. The battery pack will account for 23% of the vehicle’s total sales price, but only 18.7% of the cost, after adding in the estimated $9,000 loss. If GM’s battery cost is what the Energy Department says, then the Bolt battery costs nearly twice the lower estimate.
GM is reportedly offering an 8-year, 100,000 mile warranty. We don’t know if that is the coverage for the battery, too. Articles we have read suggest that the battery pack will last five years, but we assume that its life depends on where the vehicle is used, as battery life is impacted by temperature extremes.
Before considering the impact of EVs on gasoline demand, the question of how fast EVs penetrate the global vehicle fleet needs to be answered. At the current time, it is estimated that there are about 1.7 million EVs on the road out of a global fleet of close to 1.1 billion vehicles, or a negligible 0.15%. EVs are doing much better in terms of annual vehicle sales. In 2016, 777,497 EVs were sold worldwide out of a vehicle output of 93 million units, for a 0.84% penetration rate. Given country and state mandates for EV sales, the global auto industry is ramping up its plans for introducing more models and growing output. Just how quickly it happens is the question.
According to investment bank Morgan Stanley (MS-NYSE), by 2025, EV sales will hit seven million units and make up 7% of the vehicles on the road. If the global fleet grows by 93 million units per year, and attrition is half that amount, then by 2025 there will be about 1.5 billion vehicles, suggesting that there would be 105 EVs on the roads. Based on our fleet growth estimates, even if the industry produced seven million EVs a year from now to 2025, the fleet would be about 40 million EVs short of the Morgan Stanley estimate, another five million units per year on average.
Exane BNP Paribas, another bank, sees EVs representing 11% of the global fleet in 2025. They have a forecast for penetration rates for EVs tied to battery cost reduction trends. What they see in their forecast (Exhibit 18) is a sharp ramp up in EV penetration over the next five years. Between 2025 and 2030, Exane BNP Paribas sees the EV share of the global vehicle fleet moving from 11% to 26%.
Exhibit 18. New Forecast Calls For More EVs
Source: The Economist
The Carbon Tracker/Grantham Institute study has the most aggressive penetration rate, which begins accelerating over the next decade reaching close to a 60% penetration rate in 2040, or 1.1 billion EVs out of a global fleet of roughly two billion vehicles. By 2050, the study sees EVs representing over 70% of the world fleet. The point of their forecast is to show that more aggressive EV penetration rate scenarios lead to much greater negative impacts on gasoline demand than oil companies such as British Petroleum plc (BP-NYSE) and Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM-NYSE) are projecting in their long-term energy forecasts. Under the Carbon Tracker/Grantham Institute forecast, by 2025, EVs could displace two million barrels a day of oil, which they estimate was the same amount responsible for the 2014 oil price collapse. What even this most aggressive EV forecast shows, however, is that gasoline will remain an important petroleum industry product.
Exhibit 19. Aggressive EV Forecast Drives Large Oil Impact
Source: Carbon Tracker
Our purpose in critically evaluating the Carbon Tracker/Grantham Institute report is that key assumptions about economics of new energy technologies and the pace at which they may be embraced will impact the outcome of the forecast. Several months ago when we did our own study of the EV impact on gasoline demand, we concluded that in a reasonable uptake scenario, there would be a greater dislocation than many managers were/are expecting. Renewables and EVs, in all their forms, will create disruption for energy companies. How great a disruption remains to be seen, but the pace of the disruption could come swiftly, which is the message of this report. It is not a bad message for energy company executives. They should factor PV and EVs into their strategic thinking. Our best guess at this point is that the future trajectory for the oil industry will be somewhere between where ExxonMobil and BP see it going and what this report predicts. Oil demand will be impacted, but that will not mean the end of the fossil fuel industry.
Study Says New York Can Do Without Nuclear Power Plant (Top)
New York has started down the road to the closure of the Indian Point nuclear power plant, a controversial move given the state’s power needs. The plant, which contains two reactors, provides New York City and neighboring Westchester County with about a quarter of its electricity. The plant supplies New York State with about 12% of its total power needs. Overall, the state’s nuclear power plants supply its residents and businesses with approximately 40% of its annual electricity use. Surprisingly, nuclear power generation capacity represents only five gigawatts of the state’s 40 gigawatts of total power generating capacity, or roughly 12.5%. Based on data from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), in 2015, New York State’s nuclear power plants generated about 42 billion gigawatt-hours of electricity out of the 140 billion gigawatt-hours of total power output, or 30% of the total, used in the state.
Exhibit 20. Indian Point Nuclear Plant Is Key Power Source
Source: EIA
New York Governor Andrew Cuomo (Dem) has negotiated a deal with Indian Point’s corporate owner, Entergy Corporation (ETR-NYSE), to retire the plant by 2021, some 14 years ahead of its scheduled retirement following a 20-year extension of the plant’s original operating license. Closing this plant was a goal of Gov. Cuomo who has considered it a safety risk for the region. In return for closing this plant, Gov. Cuomo has negotiated deals to provide subsidies to keep operating three older nuclear power plants located in upstate New York. Under the program he has developed, New York State will provide $7.6 billion in subsidies to keep those plants operating. The political calculus is that Gov. Cuomo is opting in favor of keeping jobs and energy upstate, while promoting safety and environmental concerns downstate.
With the impending loss of such a large component of electric power generating capacity, which operates at a 93% efficiency ratio, New York State will need to develop alternative power supplies. Gov. Cuomo wants this new electricity supply to come from renewable energy – wind, solar and hydropower. One of his first efforts is to develop a large, and expensive, offshore wind farm off the tip of Long Island. Gov. Cuomo is also considering a deal to bring large volumes of hydropower from Canada into the state and down to the New York City area. However, a new study suggests that maybe all this renewable power will not be needed if the state embraces more ambitious energy efficiency policies.
The proposed transmission line project could carry enough hydropower from Canada to New York City to meet half the supply lost with shutting down Indian Point. The remaining power could come from other power sources such as renewables – solar or wind – or from natural gas-fired plants. Two environmental groups – Riverkeeper and the Natural Resources Defense Council – have sponsored a study by Synapse Energy Economics that determined that the remaining power shortfall can be met by improving the efficiency of the use of electricity in New York. The report highlighted how Massachusetts and Rhode Island have been shaving about 3% off their electricity use annually by providing incentives for shifting to more efficient lighting, appliances and heating and cooling systems. Some towns in Rhode Island have been replacing their street lights with more efficient ones, while others have even turned theirs off for a portion of the night.
Steve Nadel, executive director of the American Council for an Energy Efficient Economy, said, “There’s no single silver bullet, but lots of silver BBs that add up to this savings.” He stated that based on 2015 data, Rhode Island saved 2.9% of its electricity sales, while Massachusetts saved 2.7%. In contrast, Mr. Nadel said that New York saved just over 1% of its electricity consumption. The American Council prepares an annual scorecard of state energy efficiency performance. In its latest rankings, Rhode Island and Massachusetts were tied with Vermont at the top. New York was tied for 14th with Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota and Oregon.
Can New York achieve these efficiency savings? According to Mr. Nadel, New York can triple its efficiency if it emphasized some of the measures used by Rhode Island and Massachusetts. This path to meeting the state’s future energy needs, rather than relying on renewables, is problematic for many residents. But, as Mr. Nadel characterized it, “It’s not as sexy, but energy efficiency is lower cost.” That would be welcomed by New York residents who appear to be facing much higher electricity costs if Gov. Cuomo’s vision for the state’s power system is.After the terrible events of the earthquake that in the night of 24 August hit heavily the center of Italy, the event "Italian Jazz for l'Aquila" has been adapted to become "Italian Jazz for Amatrice and the other areas hit by the earthquake". An act of solidarity towards the area that has became the symbol of this tragic events.
Sunday 4 September there will be hundreds of concerts distributed all over Italy. In fact the majority of the 20 stages that were supposed to be in l'Aquila will take place in other Italian cities. In Rome for example the programme will go on from the morning until the evening in the Casa del Jazz. Overall it will be a musical marathon that will end with a big evening concert in l'Aquila in front of the Basilica di Collemaggio, starting from 21.00h.
The municipality of l'Aquila, MiBACT (the Italian Ministry for Culture), I-Jazz (the Italian association of jazz festivals), MIDJ (the Italian association of jazz musicians) and Casa del jazz, after the decision to cancel the big event that was foreseen in l'Aquila for the weekend, because of issues of security and logistics, have listened to the citizens of l'Aquila, that have asked strongly on social media and in other forms that the event was not totally canceled.
"There will be music events all over Italy - confirms the organisers - so we can bring our solidarity and contribute to the reconstruction of the areas hit by the earthquake." A crowdfunding campaign will be activated in order for people to contribute through sms and the sum gathered will be used to reconstruct and reopen the city theater "Giuseppe Garibaldi" in Amatrice, the center for culture in one of the towns that has been totally damaged by the earthquake.
#jazz4italy is the official hashtag of the day that should be followed on Sunday 4 September to check what is happening all around Italy!
You can find all the information here:
Hardboiled noir by a rising star in the US: the third in Zeltserman's 'badass gets out of jail' series.
Spare prose and assured pacing place this above most other contemporary noirs
With graphic imagery and exciting twists, this novel is impossible to put down and has a surprising ending. A brilliant read
This novel is everything hard-boiled fiction should be - compact, direct and disciplined, and concerned with humans rather than stereotypes. It is also, for all its violent subject matter, a quietly told story, which makes its tension all the more intense
His style is one of the best among crime writers going today. So far, the two other books of this trilogy have made many best-of lists, and (guess what?) this will be his hat trick. I can¹t think of another writer I¹m more excited to see another book come from than Zeltserman
Dave Zeltserman is at it again writing about ex-con antiheroes with the kind of panache that would make Jim Thompson, king of the psycho killer novels, proud.HARTLAND, Mich.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Trescal (), the international specialist in calibration services, announces the acquisition of Exphil Calibration Labs Inc., a calibration services provider based in Long Island, NY. This transaction expands Trescal’s geographical footprint and technical coverage in the United States.
“We are pleased to have the Exphil team of instrument specialists join the Trescal U.S. family,” said Kathy Boyd, president of Trescal Inc. “This acquisition further strengthens our nationwide instrument services offering and brings new capabilities to customers across the New York region.”
Founded in 1977, Exphil is a one-stop-shop A2LA accredited laboratory with strong technical skills in DC/Low Frequency. Exphil employs 17 people and is mostly active in the aeronautics sector. Annual revenue is $2 million (USD).
Guillaume Caroit, Trescal SA Deputy CEO, said: “This new acquisition is fully consistent with our strategy to build our network in North America to better address national contracts and serve customers with geographically-disbursed requirements.”
This acquisition brings Trescal’s network in the USA to 17 accredited calibration laboratories in 14 states, with more than 400 employees. This is the company’s 19th acquisition worldwide since 2013.
ABOUT TRESCAL
Trescal, international specialist in calibration, provides a broad range of services for the test and measuring equipment market. Trescal is represented in 20 countries: Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Luxemburg, Morocco, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, Romania, Tunisia, United Kingdom, and United States. Trescal SA is the global holding company based in Paris. Trescal’s U.S. headquarters is located in Hartland, Michigan. Learn more at.Hypercontrols in Genotype-Phenotype Analysis Reveal Ancestral Haplotypes Associated With Essential Hypertension
Abstract
The angiotensinogen gene locus has been associated with essential hypertension in most populations analyzed to date. Increased plasma angiotensinogen levels have been proposed as an underlying cause of essential hypertension in whites; however, differences in the genetic regulation of plasma angiotensinogen levels have also been reported for other populations. The aim of this study was to analyze the relationship between angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms and haplotypes with plasma angiotensinogen levels and the risk of essential hypertension in the Mexican population. We genotyped 9 angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms in 706 individuals. Four polymorphisms, A-6, C4072, C6309, and G12775, were associated with increased risk, and the strongest association was found for the C6309 allele (χ2=23.9; P=0.0000009), which resulted in an odds ratio of 3.0 (95% CI: 1.8–4.9; P=0.000006) in the recessive model. Two polymorphisms, A-20C (P=0.003) and C3389T (P=0.0001), were associated with increased plasma angiotensinogen levels but did not show association with essential hypertension. The haplotypes H1 (χ2=8.1; P=0.004) and H5 (χ2=5.1; P=0.02) were associated with essential hypertension. Using phylogenetic analysis, we found that haplotypes 1 and 5 are the human ancestral haplotypes. Our results suggest that the positive association between angiotensinogen gene polymorphisms and haplotypes with essential hypertension is not simply explained by an increase in plasma angiotensinogen concentration. Complex interactions between risk alleles suggest that these haplotypes act as “superalleles.”
Introduction
Essential hypertension (EH) is a complex disease that results from an interaction between genes and environmental factors. It has been stated that 40% of hypertension is attributable to genetics.1 The genes involved in the renin-angiotensin system have been suggested as candidate genes for EH because they play an important role in the regulation of blood pressure (BP).2 Genetic linkage studies have demonstrated that there is a relationship between the angiotensinogen gene (AGT) locus and EH in white, African-Caribbean, Asian, and Mexican-American populations.3–6 However, association studies were unable to replicate the influence of these genetic polymorphisms in the risk to EH across other populations. For example, the polymorphisms C4072T (T235M) has been associated with EH in white populations,3,7–9 but it has been reported as borderline in a Japanese population10 and was not associated in Arabian and African-derived populations.4,11,12 Increased plasma levels of angiotensinogen (AGT) produced by increased levels of A-6G–induced transcription, which is in almost complete linkage disequilibrium with C4072T (T235M), has been proposed as a causal mechanism.13 Nevertheless, the C4072T (T235M) polymorphism was not significantly associated with plasma AGT levels or with EH risk in either African-Caribbean or Mexican-American families.4,6 Moreover, an analysis of the AGT polymorphisms that affect plasma AGT levels in a Japanese population showed that C4072T (T235M) did not alter the trait.14 These facts suggest that population genetic diversity plays an important role in the control of intermediate traits, such as plasma AGT levels, and the risk for developing EH. In the case of the AGT, differences in the linkage disequilibrium pattern, number, and frequencies of haplotype blocks among populations with distinct ancestry have been described, further supporting the idea that population differences influence the association results.15,16
Mexican Mestizos, like other Latino populations, are a recently admixed population conformed by Amerindian, European, and, to a lesser extent, African ancestries. Previously, we evaluated genetic diversity, linkage disequilibrium patterns, and extent of haplotype sharing using genome-wide data from Mexicans Mestizos. Ancestry was evaluated by comparing 1 Mexican Amerindian group and data from the HapMap.17
The aim of this study was to analyze the effect of 9 polymorphisms across AGT on plasma AGT levels, and the risk of EH in an urban sample of the Mexican Mestizo population. To address this issue, we performed an association study and haplotype analysis. We decided to sample individuals >65 years of age as controls (hypercontrols) to limit false-negative subjects in the analysis.
Methods
Study Participants and Phenotype Definition
Patients were recruited from the outpatient clinic of the Central North Hospital and Central Military Hospital in Mexico City from February 2008 through July 2010. The patients mainly resided in the Mexico City metropolitan area, and they were self-defined as Mexican Mestizo. The diagnosis of EH was established in patients who lacked a secondary cause of hypertension after a complete clinical and biochemical examination. The hypertensive subjects included in this study met the following criteria, ≥30 years old, have a previous diagnosis of hypertension by a physician, and use a prescription antihypertensive medication and/or have a systolic BP ≥145 mm Hg and/or a mean diastolic BP ≥95 mm Hg during interview. For further information on exclusion criteria, BP measurement methods, and power statistics, see the online-only Data Supplement.
Genotyping
Genomic DNA was obtained from peripheral blood using the Qiagen Maxi-kit. We genotyped the following 9 single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) at the AGT locus using 5′ nuclease TaqMan assays (ABI Prism 7900HT Fast RT-PCR System; Applied Biosystems, Foster City, CA): C-532T (rs5046), G-217A (rs5049), A-20C (rs5050), A-6G (rs5051), C3389T-T174M (rs4762), C4072T-T235M (rs699), C6309T (rs2493132), C11535A (rs7079), and G12775A (rs943l580). These SNPs are distributed over 13 kb across the AGT locus. All of the samples included had genotype call rates >95% per SNP.
Assay Procedures
Plasma AGT levels were quantified using a sandwich ELISA method as described previously.18
Statistical Analysis
For single-marker analysis, the allele frequencies of the 9 SNPs were estimated using direct allele counting. The Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium was calculated for each SNP using χ2 with 1 degree of freedom. Comparisons between cases and controls for each SNP were tested using a χ2 test with the Pearson P value under the allelic and dominant models. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% CIs were calculated to estimate the relative hypertension risk associated with the AGT polymorphisms.
Single SNP association analysis was performed via a pairwise analysis between genotypes and plasma AGT levels and reported as the mean and SD; we used the AA genotype as a reference group and the other genotypes, AB and BB, for comparison. We used the Student t test to identify differences between genotypes, and a 2-tailed P value <0.005 was considered to be statistically significant after adjusting for 9 comparisons (Bonferroni correction). Potential associations between the set of haplotypes and EH status were examined by using an omnibus likelihood ratio test with permutation-based hypothesis testing procedure as implemented in HAPLOVIEW software.19
The haplotype inference and its effects on plasma AGT levels were evaluated using the maximum-likelihood model with the Stochastic-EM algorithm as implemented in the THESIAS software.20 Also, Bonferroni correction was used to control for multiple testing. The genetic distance between haplotypes was estimated by the Kimura method, and a neighbor-joining network was constructed using the PHYLIP 3.6 software.21
The power to detect association between SNPs and EH was estimated using the Genetic Power Calculator.22 The case-control study with 706 subjects reached 85% and 89% statistical power at=0.05 for the allelic and dominant models, respectively. The statistical power calculation for trait association was established based on the differences in means of plasma AGT levels between genotypes, using Stata 10.1 (Stata Corp). This data set achieves 99% and 86% power at 2-tailed 0.05 for C3389T (T174M) and T-20G, respectively. For further information on statistical analysis detail, see the online-only Data Supplement.
Results
Population Characteristics
The demographic information and the distribution of characteristics related to obesity and hypertension in the sample population are summarized in Table S1, available in the online-only Data Supplement. There was a difference in age between cases and controls, because the controls were deliberately selected to include subjects >65 years of age, with the hypothesis that these healthy controls have minimal genetic risk for developing EH. Sex proportions were 0.66 females and 0.34 males for cases and 0.47 females and 0.53 males for controls. Genotype distribution analysis showed no significant differences by sex (data not shown). This is consistent with the logistic regression analysis using sex as a covariate, where risk to EH by associated alleles was not affected. We analyzed a potential population stratification using 8 ancestry informative markers to distinguish between Amerindian and European ancestral components and used the principal component analysis implement in Eigensoft software to detect significant deviation in cases and controls (Figure S1, available in the online-only Data Supplement). Our results showed Fst (measure of genetic structure) between cases and controls at 0.006, with SE=0.003. This led us to conclude that there is no evidence of stratification between cases and controls in the population studied.
Association Analysis Between SNPs and EH Risk
An association analysis was performed with 502 cases and 204 hypercontrols. No deviation from Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium in the 9 SNPs was observed. Four AGT alleles, A-6, C4072, C6309, and G12775, were found to be associated with increased EH risk (Table S2). The strongest association was found for the C6309 allele (χ2=23.9; P=0.0000009). This allele produced the maximum OR in the recessive model (OR: 3.0; 95% CI: 1.8–4.9; P=0.000006) with allele positivity (OR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.4–3.2; P=0.0008; Table S3). After 10 000 permutations, the associations remained significant, at P=0.0003, P=0.001, P=0.002, and P=0.002 for C6309, A-6, C4072, and G12775, respectively. In addition, the logistic regression analysis showed that the alleles A-6, C4072, C6309, and G12775 were independent risk factors for EH after adjustment for age, sex, body mass index (BMI), and plasma AGT (Figure S2).
Association Analysis Between SNPs and Plasma AGT Levels
We tested the potential association between SNPs and plasma AGT levels in 506 individuals included in the sample (386 cases and 120 controls) and identified 2 SNPs, A-20C and C3389T, associated with this trait (Table S4). The genotype association for SNP A-20C was AA=26.7±8.9 versus AC=24.1±8.2 μg/mL (P=0.003) and for AA=26.7±8.9 versus CC=22.9±8.1 μg/mL (P=0.04). For SNP C3389T, CC=26.8±8.8 versus CT=22.1±8.0 μg/mL (P=0.000001) and CC=26.8±8.8 versus TT=21.5±6.9 μg/mL (P=0.0000009). Also, the analysis with 1-way ANOVA between groups shows 2 SNPs significantly associated with plasma AGT levels, A-20C (P=0.003) and C3389T (P=0.0001). None of the alleles associated with the risk to EH (A-6, C4072, C6309, and G12775) were associated with the regulation of the plasma AGT levels.
Haplotype Association With Plasma AGT Levels and EH Risk
Nine haplotypes accounted for 93% of all potential combinations. Association between haplotypes and plasma AGT levels is shown in Table 1. In the control group, 2 haplotypes showed association with plasma AGT level: haplotype 3 (H3: CGCATCCCG) was associated with decreased plasma AGT level (−4.3 μg/mL [95% CI: −7.6 to −1.0]; P=0.01), and haplotype 5 (H5: CGCACCCCG) was significantly associated with increased plasma AGT level (7.2 μg/mL [95% CI: 2.9–11.5]; P=0.001). In the cases, H3 was also associated with decreased plasma AGT level (−3.6 μg/mL [95% CI: −6.3 to −0.9]; P=0.008), and haplotype 6 (H6: TAAACCTCG) was significantly associated with increased plasma AGT level (3.2 μg/mL [95% CI: 0.42–5.90]; P=0.02). This association is reported after full adjustment for covariates, that is, age, sex, and BMI. The total contribution of the haplotypes and covariates on plasma AGT level variance was 14%. A likelihood ratio test for haplotype-phenotype association, adjusted for covariates, that is, age, sex, and BMI, resulted in a χ2 of 36.8 (P=0.00001). The haplotypes H1 and H5 showed association with EH with χ2=8.1 (P=0.004) and χ2=5.1 (P=0.02), respectively. In addition, haplotypes H2 and H4 showed protective effect with χ2=5.1 (P=0.02) and χ2=8.0 (P=0.004), respectively. However, only 2 remained significant after 10 000 permutations, H1 (P=0.04) and H4 (P=0.04; Table 2).
Common AGT Haplotypes and Plasma AGT Levels in Cases and Controls
Effects of Haplotypes on EH Risk
Association of Plasma AGT Levels and EH Risk
Age, sex, and 2 polymorphisms, A-20C and C3389T, were the independent variables that affected plasma AGT levels in the Mexican-Mestizo population. However, the plasma AGT level alone is not associated with BP-related traits after adjustment for age, sex, and BMI covariates (Table S5). Furthermore, the plasma AGT level was associated with a marginally increased EH risk (OR: 1.04 [95% CI: 1.01–1.07]; P=0.01), but this association was decreased after an adjustment for sex, age, BMI, and rs2493132.
Qualitative-Quantitative Traits
A summary of the haplotype effects on quantitative and qualitative traits and the haplotype SNP compositions is shown in Table 3. The H1, with a population frequency of 0.39 in our study, contains the EH risk alleles and increased plasma AGT levels. The H5, which was associated with increased plasma levels and with the EH risk, contains alleles associated with EH risk and C3389 but not the A-20 allele. The H2 and H4, with population frequencies of 0.15 and 0.10, respectively, displayed protective effects and contain alleles associated with increased plasma AGT levels and diastolic BP but do not contain EH risk alleles. The H3, which is associated with decreased plasma AGT levels, contains the EH risk alleles but not those associated with increased plasma AGT levels. Interestingly, H3 itself did not increase the EH risk although it contains hypertensive alleles; however, if the haplotype gained the hypertensive properties of C3389 (H5), the EH risk was increased, suggesting that there is a synergistic effect of alleles. To test the combined effect of associated alleles (C3389 and C6309), we used a logistic regression analysis to assess the effect of combined genotypes in the risk to EH (Tables 4 and S6). Allele risks showed an additive effect on the development of EH. This findings support the notion of a combined effect of individual alleles in the risk for EH.
Haplotype Composition and Global EH Risk
Logistic Regression Analysis for Combined Associated Alleles
Haplotype Phylogenetic Analysis
The unrooted haplotype phylogenetic tree constructed using the neighbor-joining method is shown in the Figure. The haplotype in primates (H0) was considered as a proxy for the ancestral haplotype. Using Kimura's method21 to infer the distance between haplotypes, we noted that the risk haplotypes H5 and H1 have a shorter distance from H0 (H0 to H5=0.12; H0 to H1=0.27) and may be considered as human ancestral haplotypes. H2 and H4 are more recent haplotypes in the evolutionary history of the AGT gene because they show the longest distances from H0 (H0 to H2=1.68 and H0 to H4=1.14). Figure S3 shows the phylogenetic tree using the Amerindian population (Zapotecs). We observed a decreased in haplotype diversity in this population; however, the risk haplotypes H5 and H1 were also considered as human ancestral in this population, with similar distances as the haplotypes from the Mestizo population (H0 to H5=0.13 and H0 to H1=0.31).
Unrooted phylogenetic tree constructed by the neighbor-joining method with 6 common Mexican Mestizo AGT haplotypes. The network includes a hypothetical ancestral AGT haplotype (H0), which is based on the nucleotide present at the orthologous position in Pan troglodytes (NC_006468.2) for each of the 9 human AGT single nucleotide polymorphisms.
Discussion
The AGT gene is the only one for which association with EH has been consistently replicated in multiple populations.13 Several polymorphisms across the AGT gene have been associated with both EH and plasma AGT levels. Increased plasma AGT levels have been postulated as a causal factor for increased risk to EH. However, the lack of replication across populations has prevented the translation of this association to clinical applications. Differences in the genomic structure between human populations, including that of the Mexican population,18 have been described in the last decade, and these differences might be the source for this lack of replication. Thus, analysis of the risk-associated alleles in multiple interethnic populations may become an important tool to determine the role of genetic predisposition in the development of the disease.
This study identified 4 alleles associated with EH risk and were found to be independent risk factors in a logistic regression model. We were able to replicate the 2 most important associations, A-6 and C4072 (T235), and we identified 2 new markers associated with higher risk, C6309 and G12775. The association signal at intron 2 of the AGT (C6309) is particularly interesting because another polymorphism was found recently in intron 2 (C6233T) associated with a major effect on the risk to EH in whites.8 An important point in our study is that we did not find any association between these SNPs and plasma AGT levels in the Mexican population, which reproduces the negative association between C4072T (T235M) and plasma AGT reported previously in a Mexican-derived population.6,23 This finding suggests that mechanisms other than an increased level of plasma AGT contribute to EH risk in the Mexican-Mestizo population. Interethnic variability in the genetic control of plasma AGT levels has been reported for Japanese and African-American children. Sato et al14 found no association between C4072T (T235M) and plasma AGT levels, and the SNP G-1074T associated with AGT levels did not increase the EH risk. In another study, Bloem et al24 were also unable to find an association between plasma AGT levels and C4072T (T235M).
In the Mexican-Mestizo population, the A-20C and C3389T (T174M) were found to be associated with plasma AGT levels, and the C3389 (T174) allele showed the strongest association. However, these SNPs were not associated with increased risk for EH. Both SNPs have been associated with EH and plasma AGT levels in other populations. For example, A-20C located in the promoter region of AGT is associated with both in vitro changes in AGT transcription and plasma AGT levels in the Japanese population.25,26 In a meta-analysis including 11 079 subjects, an association between C3389T (T174M) and EH was identified in Asian and multiethnic populations but not in a European population.15 The functional mechanism by which C3389T (T174M) increases BP among carriers is currently unknown, and several studies have failed to show association between this SNP and plasma AGT levels.3,27,28 In our sample, levels of plasma AGT by itself did not increase the risk of EH nor showed association with any BP-related traits in our covariate-controlled linear regression analysis. In addition, a recent study failed to associate plasma AGT levels and BP-related traits in a family cohort of white ancestry.29 These results differ from those in an initial report that found a positive correlation between plasma AGT levels and diastolic BP.30 The observations that plasma AGT levels are not associated with any BP-related traits and are not independent risk factors for EH support the notion that, at least in our sample, the increased EH risk from the AGT locus involves mechanisms other than an increase in plasma AGT levels alone.
To summarize these results, individual SNP analysis identified polymorphisms that were associated with EH risk but not were associated with plasma AGT levels; we also identified SNPs associated with plasma AGT levels that were not associated with EH risk. Plasma AGT is not an independent risk factor for EH and does not impact the BP-related trait.
If we consider that each SNP in a genomic region is fixed to another SNP by evolutionary forces, it would be anticipated that this haplotype background could be more informative than individual SNPs alone. Several publications have described the higher informative value of haplotype analysis as compared with individual SNP analysis.8,31–33 Our haplotype analysis found that the H1 and H5 are associated with risk to EH, and the H2 and H4 are associated with protection against EH. The lack of association between haplotypes H2 and H5 with hypertension after a permutation test could be influenced by sample size and modest haplotype frequency differences between cases and controls. For this reason, a replication study with a larger sample size could be useful to strengthen this analysis and contribute to clarifying the effect of these haplotypes on the risk of EH.
The SNP composition of these haplotypes shows that H1 contains the EH risk alleles and plasma AGT levels. The second risk-associated haplotype H5 also contains the EH risk alleles but lacks the A-20 allele in the promoter, similar to one of the ancestral haplotypes. Interestingly, H3, which includes the EH risk alleles but lacks the plasma AGT levels, did not increase the risk for EH. The protective haplotypes, H2 and H4, include plasma AGT level–associated alleles but not those from the EH risk alleles. Our analysis suggests a more complex model than a single polymorphism effect that involves a combination of variants within the AGT gene, which modulate the risk for EH and plasma AGT levels. There are multiple indications that several polymorphisms within a gene position interact to affect quantitative trait variation. Thus, multiple locus interactions create a major locus that has a large effect on the observed phenotype (superallele).34 Quantitative trait mapping in Drosophila melanogaster has shown that major gene effects are not necessarily attributed to single site polymorphisms but are the result of the combined effects of multiple associated polymorphisms.35 This phenomenon has also been described in human traits and diseases; for example, the apolipoprotein gene (APOB) affects plasma low-density lipoprotein and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol,36 the LCT gene influences intestinal lactase activity,37 and ADRB2 influences the actions of catecholamines on bronchodilation and risk to asthma.38 Similarly, the AGT gene has a demonstrated additive effect on the risk to EH, acting as a superallele, when specific SNPs are present.39,40
Genetic distance analysis on these haplotypes showed that H5 and H1 have the shortest distances from the ancestral chimpanzee haplotype. Considering that haplotypes H1 and H5 contain the major alleles and have the shortest distances with respect to the ancestral haplotype H0, we named these as human ancestral. The difference between H1 and H5 haplotypes is the presence of the A-20 allele in H5 and H0. The H2 and H4 have the longest distances from H0, suggesting a recent expansion of haplotypes. The Zapotecs, an ancestral Amerindian population, contain a similar genetic distance pattern for H1 and H5, supporting the ancestral character of these haplotypes and also the important genetic contribution of the Amerindian population on the modern Mexican-Mestizo population. These observations are in agreement with the ancestral-susceptibility model for common diseases in which the ancestral alleles reflect risk in the modern lifestyle, whereas in human ancestors these same ancestral alleles provided adaptive advantages to both a low-salt intake and vegetable-based diets.41
In conclusion, our results show heterogeneity in the effects of AGT polymorphisms on EH risk and plasma AGT levels. Two haplotypes act as superalleles for the risk to EH, containing EH risk alleles and plasma AGT levels. Two SNPs were associated with plasma AGT levels, but no association was identified between plasma AGT variation and risk to EH and BP-related traits. These findings suggest that population genetic diversity plays an important role in the control of intermediate traits and helps to elucidate interethnic variability in plasma AGT levels and the role of the AGT locus in EH in the Mexican-Mestizo population.
Perspectives
Our results contribute to understanding the influence of the AGT locus to the risk to EH in a population with a unique genomic ancestry as the Mexican ancestry. Expression analysis of intron 2 and its interactions with functional SNPs across the AGT may be interesting to determine its role in disease. Furthermore, cohort follow-up of genotyped individuals in the general population would be valuable to understand the effect of haplotypes on BP continuous traits and also the role of haplotypes in the clinical setting.
Sources of Funding
This work was supported by the National Institute of Genomic Medicine (INMEGEN), PEMEX Central North Hospital, SEDENA Central Military Hospital, and the Tulane University Health Sciences Center (grants R01DK072408 from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases, and P20RR017659 from the National Center for Research Resources).
Disclosures
None.
Acknowledgments
We thank Trinidad Gil and Sara del Carmen Barrios for excellent clinical coordination.
Footnotes
The online-only Data Supplement is available with this article at.
- Received May 17, 2011.
- Revision received July 3, 2011.
- Accepted January 28, 2012.
- © 2012 American Heart Association, Inc.
References
- 1.↵
- 2.↵
- 3.↵
- 4.↵
- 5.↵
- 6.↵
- Atwood LD,
- Kammerer CM,
- Samollow PB,
- Hixson JE,
- Shade RE,
- MacCluer JW
- 7.↵
- Bloem LJ,
- Foroud TM,
- Ambrosius WT,
- Hanna MP,
- Tewksbury DA,
- Pratt JH
- 8.↵
- 9.↵
- Sethi AA,
- Nordestgaard BG,
- Tybjaerg-Hansen A
- 10.↵
- 11.↵
- 12.↵
- Rotimi C,
- Morrison L,
- Cooper R,
- Oyejide C,
- Effiong E,
- Ladipo M,
- Osotemihen B,
- Ward R
- 13.↵
- 14.↵
- 15.↵
- Pereira TV,
- Nunes AC,
- Rudnicki M,
- Yamada Y,
- Pereira AC,
- Krieger JE
- 16.↵
- 17.↵
-
- 18.↵
- 19.↵
- Barrett JC,
- Fry B,
- Maller J,
- Daly MJ
- 20.↵
- Tregouet DA,
- Garelle V
- 21.↵
- 22.↵
- Purcell S,
- Cherny SS,
- Sham PC
- 23.↵
- Balam-Ortiz E,
- Esquivel-Villarreal A,
- Alfaro-Ruiz L,
- Carrillo K,
- Elizalde A,
- Gil T,
- Urushihara M,
- Kobori H,
- Jimenez-Sanchez G
- 24.↵
- 25.↵
- Zhao YY,
- Zhou J,
- Narayanan CS,
- Cui Y,
- Kumar A
- 26.↵
- Ishigami T,
- Umemura S,
- Tamura K,
- Hibi K,
- Nyui N,
- Kihara M,
- Yabana M,
- Watanabe Y,
- Sumida Y,
- Nagahara T,
- Ochiai H,
- Ishii M
- 27.↵
- Sethi AA,
- Nordestgaard BG,
- Agerholm-Larsen B,
- Frandsen E,
- Jensen G,
- Tybjaerg-Hansen A
- 28.↵
- Rotimi C,
- Cooper R,
- Ogunbiyi O,
- Morrison L,
- Ladipo M,
- Tewksbury D,
- Ward R
- 29.↵
- Watkins WS,
- Rohrwasser A,
- Peiffer A,
- Leppert MF,
- Lalouel JM,
- Jorde LB
- 30.↵
- Walker WG,
- Whelton PK,
- Saito H,
- Russell RP,
- Hermann J
- 31.↵
- 32.↵
- 33.↵
- 34.↵
- 35.↵
- 36.↵
- Dunning AM,
- Renges HH,
- Xu CF,
- Peacock R,
- Brasseur R,
- Laxer G,
- Tikkanen MJ,
- Butler R,
- Saha N,
- Hamsten A,
- Rosseneu M,
- Talmud P,
- Humphries S
- 37.↵
- 38.↵
- Drysdale CM,
- McGraw DW,
- Stack CB,
- Stephens JC,
- Judson RS,
- Nandabalan K,
- Arnold K,
- Ruano G,
- Liggett SB
- 39.↵
- 40.↵
- 41.↵
This Issue
Article Tools
-
-
Citation Manager Formats
-
-
-
Share this Article
-
-:Burbank Unified School District diagnostic medical sonography, diagnostic medical sonography, for example, you may gain an advantage in job recruiting on-campus. Check with the MRI department for course registration deadlines, and ultrasound program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Burbank Unified School District. history of medicine as a complementary elective to your primary course of study.
Manager of Private Duty Home Care (LPN) medial and operational leadership at Medcor.
4 hours ago RN, SURGERY
BSA HEALTH SYSTEM
Assess, plan, evaluates, documents total nursing process. 2 years p revious acute care staff RN nursing experience..
8The aims of this study were to investigate growth and fruiting of C. peruvianus under different climatic, soil, and water conditions in the Negev desert of Israel and to study the biology of pollination and fruit maturation.
Fruits were picked at weekly intervals from first color change until 29 days after full color change and the fruit quality parameters [total soluble solids (TSS), reducing sugars, titratable acidity and pH] were analyzed in the pulp. Changes in fruit length and diameter were determined during fruit development for attached fruits.
The total shoot length and the biomass were higher at Besor than at Ramat Negev and Qetura, while at Neot Hakikar growth was almost arrested (Table 1). Plants at Ramat Negev showed visible cold injury such as brown spots or yellowing after temperatures dropped to -7°C for several hours. Since the plant material and the agrotechniques used were similar (plants were propagated from the same batch of seeds) in all the plots, variations in growth can be attributed to the diverse environmental conditions prevailing at the different locations. The fresh water and moderate temperatures favored growth at Besor, while water salinity at Qetura and Neot Hakikar, and low temperatures at Ramat Negev inhibited growth. Sensitivity to low salinity was also shown for other cacti species such as Opuntia ficus-indica (Nobel 1988; Nerd et al. 1990). The salinity at Neot Hakikar caused greater stress to the plants than that at Qetura, probably because the main salt ions, sodium and chloride, in the water at Neot Hakikar, are more toxic than the ions, calcium, magnesium, and sulfates, in the water at Qetura.
Flower production was negligible at Neot-Hakikar and Ramat Negev, but abundant at Besor and Qetura. The low winter temperatures at Ramat Negev and the water salinity at Neot-Hakikar may have inhibited flowering.
The natural fruit set of 15 individual plants at Besor varied in the summer, 1990, between 0 and 95%, and pollination studies were conducted to evaluate the origin of this variation.
The main insects visiting the flowers were bees, although small flies were also observed. The insects visited the flowers when the flowers are opening before sunset, and after sunrise, when the flowers are closing. The placing of beehives in an plantation would increase fruit set and improve fruit production.
Flowering of C. peruvianus occured in two waves. The first wave starts in spring (May) and the second in mid-summer (July). Detailed observations made on the first wave in 1991 showed that there are considerable variations between the various seedlings in both the onset and the duration of flowering period, which may last from two weeks to one month.
The color of the fruits varies from violet-red through orange to yellow and the fruit length ranges from 7 to 10 cm. The taste of the fruits also varies markedly, some fruits are juicy and aromatic, whereas others are mucilagenous and inferior in taste. Furthermore, the fruits differ in their tendency to burst upon ripening. A reduction of irrigation during the crititical stage of fruit development might prevent this phenomenon.
Fruit quality parameters (TSS, reducing sugars, and titratable acidity of the pulp), fruit weight, pulp to peel ratio, and percentage of peel and pulp dry weight of different individual plants from Besor and Beer-Sheva are shown in Table 2 and 4. Significant differences were found in titratable acidity of the pulp and dry weight of the peel as well as in fruit weight and pulp to peel ratio. Preliminary taste-tests showed, that fruits with a higher content of titratable acids were less tasty than the fruits with a lower acidity. Fruits of the various individual plants were all harvested in the stage of full color change, but since they were not tagged at the beginning of color change, they might have reached different stages of ripeness at harvest and this fact might partially be responsible for the differences in the quality parameters.
Plants propagated by seeds were self-sterile. Open pollination led to a fruit set of between 0 and 95%, depending on the individual plant, but experimental cross-pollination resulted in 100% fruit set and heavier fruits with more seeds. The pulp weight was positively correlated to the seed number. Bees were the main insects visiting the flowers. The placement in the orchard of beehives may be desirable to maximize fruit yield. Selection for plant appearance, flowering time, and fruit appearance and quality is now needed for the commercialization of C. peruvianus.
zSegments, 30 to 40 cm in length, were sampled from three plants at each site. Plants were oven dried at 70°C, and the total stem length used to calculate plant dry weight.zSegments, 30 to 40 cm in length, were sampled from three plants at each site. Plants were oven dried at 70°C, and the total stem length used to calculate plant dry weight.
zValues are means of 7 to 10 fruits. Values followed by different letters for each seedling were significantly different at p>=0.05.zValues are means of 7 to 10 fruits. Values followed by different letters for each seedling were significantly different at p>=0.05.
zDescriptions of the fruits refer to fruits at full color change.zDescriptions of the fruits refer to fruits at full color change.
zValues are means of 7 to 10 fruits ±SE.zValues are means of 7 to 10 fruits ±SE.US vice president Joe Biden honoured with peace award by American Ireland Fund
An Taoiseach Enda Kenny gave a keynote address at an event in Washington last night, on his visit to the US to celebrate St Patrick's Day.
He was speaking at a gala dinner in Washington DC where Vice President Joe Biden was honoured with a Peace Award by the American Ireland Fund.
Last night Mr Biden repeated his desire to make an official visit to Ireland.
He said he hoped agreement could be reached in Northern Ireland on the proposals on flags, parades and the past negotiated by US diplomat Richard Haass.
He said the peace agreement must be written into the hearts of the people of Northern Ireland - not just something written down on paper.
The American Ireland Fund Peace Award is a rarely-presented award and past recipients include President."
John Fitzpatrick, Chairman of The American Ireland Fund also joined Irish and Irish American leaders, leaders in business, the media and the arts at the event celebrating Irish culture and heritage and generating funds for The Worldwide Ireland Funds' Promising Ireland Campaign which has assisted over 650 Irish charities to-date.
Online EditorsMy sincere apologies for the huge delay of the unisex name of the month. There had been a lot of things that are going through my head for the last week, including my worries about this blog, and it was difficult for me to focus my attention away from trying to sort them out.
So, our unisex name of March takes us to the Spanish-speaking world. It’s the Marian name Guadalupe.
The meaning
At best, the meaning of Guadalupe is uncertain and there are two theories, focusing on the Spanish river of the same name, to its meaning that I’ll be looking at. The first theory that is most often used is that it means “river of the wolf,” “wolf valley” etc., where it resulted from a combination of Arabic wādī (وادِي) meaning “river” or “valley” and Latin lupus with the most commonly referred meaning being “wolf.” (Note that the Online Etymology Dictionary lists the last word as being the Roman name of the river, though this is the only source that I can find that says that).
The second theory that I’ve found comes from a page by Bill Casselman about the origin of 5 Spanish feminine names that he picked, Guadalupe included. He says that the Moors named the river, in Arabic, wad(i)-al-hub, which, to me, looks to be written like وادِي الحُبّ. He says that it means “river of love” and checking the dictionaries below, there’s no doubt that he got the meaning right.
How feminine is Guadalupe?
Many of these countries do not have lists of popular names year by year, unlike the United States. Instead, here’s a map below showing the overall gender ratio of Guadalupe by country in the Americas.
As you can see in this map, there is a near-definite continental split between countries where Guadalupe is mostly seen on females but sometimes seen on males as well (mainly seen in North and Central America) and countries were Guadalupe is mainly seen on females and male usage is pretty much infrequent (mainly seen in South America).
In Spain, where Guadalupe is also used, the name leans very strongly towards the feminine side. In fact, when dividing the number of female Guadalupes who are born and bred in Spain by the total number of born-and-bred Spanish Guadalupes, the percentage, when multiplying the answer by 100, is revealed to be 99.822%.
As for finding out what the current ratio for Guadalupe is, unfortunately, the only data that I can use is the SSA popularity statistics for the United States, which, of course, borders Mexico to the south. For babies born in 2014, 731 Guadalupes born in that country who were issued social security card, 650 of them were girls, which gives it a ratio of 88.919% on the feminine side, which is above the 1880-2014 total ratio of between 72.063 and 72.090% on the feminine side. Compare that to some of the years in the 1930s and 1940s where the ratios for those years, particularly 1931, were below 60% on the feminine side.
Do you have any thoughts on Guadalupe and/or this post in general? Please leave them in the comments section below.
Sources:
Dictionaries and meanings:
Arabic dictionary: Aratools
General dictionaries: Wiktionary and Online Etymology Dictionary
Latin dictionaries: Latdict and Latin Dictionary from University of Notre Dame
2nd theory meaning: Bill Casselman’s The Origin of 5 Spanish Female Personal Names
Data:
Popularity data for the US: Social Security Administration
Historical data used for other countries: FamilySearchOffers Over £229,000
Information
Property Details
- Offers Over £229,000
- Detached House
- Bedrooms: 4
- Receptions: 2
- Bathrooms: 2
- Garage Spaces: 1
DESCRIPTION
Superb detached villa by Thomas Mitchell Homes situated within an exclusive development. The property would ideally suit families and couples and would be ideal for commuters with easy access to the M90 motorway link. The town of Crossgates offers schooling and local amenities. The accommodation is stylish and contemporary and comprises of; reception hall, downstairs W.C, lounge through dining room, kitchen with french doors to garden, utility room, master bedroom with en-suite shower room, further three bedrooms all with fitted wardrobes and a family bathroom. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, gardens to the front and rear with open outlook, single integrated garage and driveway. Early viewing recommended.
EPC RATING C
LOCATION
Crossgates is located to east of Dunfermline and is ideally placed for the M90/A90 motorway network this therefore makes the area an ideal commuter base with all major centres within easy travelling distance. Crossgates itself has ample every day facilities including local shops, public houses and primary schooling. Dunfermline is a short drive away and offers excellent shopping and educational establishments.
MEASUREMENTS
LIVINGROOM 17’0 X 11’4
DINING ROOM 10’1 X 9’8
KITCHEN 18’7 X 11’8
WC 5’2 X 3’2
BEDROOM 1 15’7 X 11’4
ENSUITE 8’2 X 4’6
BEDROOM 2 11’4 X 11’4
BEDROOM 3 9’5 X 8’8
BEDROOM 4 8’8 X 8’2
BATHROOM 6’5 X 5’5
GARAGE 16’4 X 9’1
EXTRAS INCLUDED IN SALE
All fitted floor coverings, blinds, bathroom and light fittings together with any integrated appliances.
VIEWINGS
All viewings by appointment via Morgans on 01383 620222.
TRAVEL DIRECTIONS
From Dunfermline head east via Appin Crescent along Halbeath Road proceeding to the Halbeath Interchange. Following the signs for Crossgates, Cowdenbeath at the roundabout take the second exit into Crossgates Village proceeding to the traffic lights on Dunfermline Road. At the traffic lights take a direct right into Inverkeithing Road and then a sharp left onto Springhill Brae following the road for a few hundred yards where you will see a turning on the right for Baxter Road continue where you will see the property signposted on the right within the Cul-de-sac..Epidemiology Assistant Professor Jobs @ Southern Denmark University:.
Epidemiology Assistant Professor Jobs @ Southern Denmark University
Assistant professor in epidemiology
The research unit of Epidemiology, Biostatistics and Biodemography, Department of Public Health, invites applications for a position as assistant professor in epidemiology and/or biodemography.
The position is vacant from April 1, 2017. The position will run for a period of 3 years.
Job description
- The successful applicant will be expected to conduct and publish internationally competitive research in the field of aging research with the following specific foci:
- Incorporating the importance of handling missing data in the analysis of survey and other data with the emphasis on studies of old and very old people
- Use of demographic concepts in aging research
- The new assistant professor must be able to work in a multi-disciplinary team of epidemiologists, mathematicians, biodemographers, and biostatisticians.
Required qualifications
Major requirements:
- A PhD degree in Public Health, Demography, Mathematics or related fields.
- Demonstrated experience in analysis of health data including handling of missing data
- Solid knowledge of and experience in the use of statistical methodology and programs
- Potential applicants should also have a strong interest in pursuing excellence in undergraduate and postgraduate teaching and in supervising students and researchers.
Other requirements:
- Potential applicants will be expected to have
- Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
- Excellent analytical abilities
- Fluent English language skills
Furthermore, the new assistant professor must be capable of working independently as well as in multidisciplinary teams and must be a strong team-player.
Further information can be obtained from the head of the Department of Public Health, professor Jesper Bo Nielsen, telephone +45 6550 4034, email jbnielsen@health.sdu.dk or from the deputy head of the Max-Planck Odense Center, associate professor Rune Lindahl-Jacobsen, telephone +45 6550 4314, e-mail rjacobsen@health.sdu.dk.
The successful applicant will be employed in accordance with the agreement between the Ministry of Finance and AC (the Danish Confederation of Professional Associations).
Applications will be assessed by an expert committee. Applicants will be informed of their):
- an application
- a detailed CV
- degree certificates (inclusive of Ph.D.-diploma)
- a complete and numbered list of publications
- up to 5 scientific peer-reviewed publications considered by the applicant to the most important for this position. Please notice that one pdf.- or docx.-file must be attached for each publication.
- a teaching portfolio detailing the candidate’s prior teaching experience, teaching skills, and teaching philosophy
- a research plan detailing the candidate’s ideas and plans for her/his future research work.
Incomplete applications with regard to the above-mentioned requirements will not be assessed.
Further particulars concerning the application – please see the link below.
The University encourages all interested persons to apply, regardless of age, gender, religious affiliation or ethnic background.
Further details
Read the guideline for applicants
Campus: Odense
Application deadline: 11/12/2016
How To Apply:
Epidemiology Assistant Professor Jobs @ Southern Denmark University
View Original Notification:Union Government launches augmented reality application ‘Sakaar’ developed Sakaar application and its multimedia content for Android. This application consists of 3D (3 Dimensional) models of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM), RISAT, indigenous rockets such as PSLV, GSLV Mk-III etc. It also has videos of INSAT 3D-predicting cyclones, MOM launch and orbit insertion videos, 360 degree animated view of MOM, GSLV D5/Cryo and Anaglyph of Mars surface.
Augmented Reality (AR) technology is computer-generated 3D models, animations, videos that augment the live direct view of a physical, real-world environment.
Real time augmentation and information is overlaying takes place which enhances user’s current perception by this device’s camera. Real time augmentation requires three basic elements for its functioning. They are AR application, AR Markers and Android OS enabled mobile with back camera.
-.* Coal to meet over half of India's power needs by 2040
* India, U.S., Japan, Australia can ally for clean coal technology
* Govt should tap National Clean Energy Fund to develop clean coal
* India's dependence on imported coal to continue
NEW DELHI, Sept 7 (Reuters) - India needs to partner with other countries to tap cheaper funds for cleaner coal technologies as the South Asian nation is expected to use the fuel to produce over half of its power in the next two decades, the World Coal Association chief said on Thursday.
India, the world's second-largest coal importer, relies on the fuel for about 78 percent of its electricity generation. The federal think tank NITI Aayog has projected coal's share in the country's overall energy mix will reduce to 48-54 percent by 2040 from around 55 percent in 2015.
India will need to ally with countries including the United States, Japan, and Australia, to get cheaper funding from multilateral development banks to access cleaner technology and catch up with Japan and China, Benjamin Sporton, chief executive of the World Coal Association told Reuters in an interview.
Last month, India's chief economic adviser, Arvind Subramanian, supported the cause of a "green coal coalition" in various media reports.
Sporton said India's reliance on imported coal would be significant in the coming years to power the nation's economic expansion.
"For many power plants designed to take imported coal, it will be very difficult to shift those over to domestic coal supply and one of the other reasons is India's coal tends to be of slightly lower quality than what is available in the international market," he said.
In July, the U.S. Treasury issued guidance on promoting the use of fossil fuels cleanly and efficiently through funding from multilateral development banks. In 2013, the Obama administration said the United States would oppose most coal projects, guidance altered by the Trump administration.
RENEWABLES GAIN GROUND
Sporton said India will need to be on board with a global partnership to develop its domestic coal expertise.
"India has huge challenges when it comes to energy," he said, adding that the govenrment should look at using funds from the National Clean Energy Fund, which has over $4 billion accumulated through the levy of a surcharge on coal.
"Coal has a critical role in India today no matter how much money is pumped into renewables," Sporton said.
India, Asia's third biggest economy, is gradually raising the share of renewable power in its energy mix.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government aims to raise solar power generation capacity nearly 30 times to 100 gigawatts (GW) by 2022. The capacity has already more than tripled in three years to more than 12 GW but
Sporton expects coal demand in India to rise despite companies offering vey low tariffs for solar power. Global output for coal is also expected to rise in 2017, led by U.S. and China, he said.
In addition, Sporton said he did not expect India's low solar tariffs to be sustained.
"I think they (solar tariffs) have got to a point where they are far too low and there is a genuine question whether the projects bid at very low prices will be built, and if they are built, whether they are economic." (Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Editing by Keith Weir)Armscor Rock Island Arms (22TCM) AK47 .22 LR Clone Armscor Rock Island Ar... Guns Rifles Armscor Rifles . Cal versions AK . LR Clone Armscor AK NIB AK AK Copy on Remington Action Long Rifle Choice of or Round Magazines | 36 | 4 | Lc | 171.8624ms View Category AK-47 .22 LR Clone Armscor AK-22 NIB AK22 AK47 Copy on 550 Remington Action 22 Long Rifle Choice of 10 or 15 Round Magazines For Sale from Robertson Trading Post | Positive feedback: 99% View | Verified Seller | 20823 Completed Sales View Sellers Items /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979118.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979119.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979120.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979121.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979122.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979123.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979124.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979125.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979126.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979127.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979128.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979129.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979130.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979131.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979132.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979133.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979134.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979135.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979136.jpg /UserImages/87270/990380804 5979137.jpg Description: Here. Fifteen rounders are usually available, and we will be happy to sub a 15 at the buyer’s option, so long as they are legal in buyer’s resident jurisdiction. $ 219.00. Not transferable to civilian residents of Chicago Cook County IL. Rifle must ship with a ten rounder into jurisdictions where the 15 rounders are restricted, includes California, Connecticut, District of Colombia, Maryland, Massachusetts, and New York. This rifle is not a true Kalashnikov action, of Brand: Armscor Caliber: .22 Long Rifle Qty: 2 Available Share Item Item #: 990380804Since you currently have a Pokémon in your Pokedex doesn't imply it's not worth catching, just. It could be more powerful than the one you have and, if it's not, you can constantly trade it into the professor to obtain power-ups to progress your other Pokémon. Wish to feel like a real Pokémon Master? Throw curve balls at Pokémon by tapping on your Poké Ball then spinning the ball around for a few seconds. Then toss it toward the side of your screen and see it curve back to strike your target. Tossing a curve likewise provides you a perk on XP. Connecting a lure to a Pokémon GO PokéStop in Bodallin Western Australia 6424 is a terrific method to catch a lots of in a short amount of time. You can choose them up in the store. They last 30 minutes each and will likewise help other players near the PokeStop. They appear for everybody and can be caught by every person in your location when Pokémon appear. Searching in sets (or even groups) is motivated: Not just is it enjoyable to banter with friends while roaming your neighborhood for Pokémon, but you can likewise cover more ground as you try to figure out simply where that three-footstep Kadabra may be hiding.
Do not forget daily bonuses: We mentioned this briefly in the gyms and conflicts section, but do not forget your daily bonuses for commanding a gym. These may comprise rare and helpful items --- even Pokecoins.
At this time, you've got all the information you have to start you quest to catch 'em all, and excel at being a Pokemon trainer. Before long, you will have a cadre of high-powered Pokemon and likely a few gym captures to your name. Yet, there's always more to learn. Here are a few closing miscellaneous hints to help you before you set out.
A Pokemon's power is measured by its CP, and Pokemon with higher CP will more often than not outmatch a Pokemon with lower CP. Nevertheless, you always have the option to evolve or power up a Pokemon with candies and stardust to raise its CP. Nevertheless, even if your Pokemon are feebler than the enemy's, that doesn't automatically mean you will lose because...
For every Pokemon you defeat at a competing gym, you'll knock down the gym's stature amount, and your Pokemon will obtain expertise. So, even if you fail to defeat every Pokemon at a gym, you can nevertheless whittle down the gym's stature, and make it simpler for other trainers on your own team to take it around. Again, teamwork pays off!
To ensure that an allied gym does not fall into enemy hands, you can raise its amount to add more Pokemon. A level 2 gym, for example, can hold two Pokemon. Each player can just delegate one Pokemon per gym. If a friendly gym is only at level 1, you can increase its prestige by defeating the defending Pokemon with just one of your choosing. Conquering them will increase the gym's stature and once it reaches the next level, you or another player, will have the ability to add a Pokemon. The higher the gym amount means more Pokemon will be defending it --- that also means it'll be more demanding for the enemy team to claim it.
Pokemon have specific weaknesses and resistances. Pay attention to the types of Pokemon you are going up against, and the attacks your Pokemon know. Each Pokemon understands two attacks --- a basic assault and a particular assault --- that have a type associated with them. Peck is a flying-type assault, for instance, while water gun is a water-based assault. If you're going up against fire, take a Pokemon with water type assaults, because they will do more damage. Take a look at the handy chart below to maximize your Pokemon's effectiveness in battle.
Sadly, maintaining control of a gym doesn't impart any bonuses or benefits to your Pokemon; it merely raises the stature of the gym, and a higher stature means more trainers can add Pokemon to defend it. So, maybe do not leave you're maximum amount Pokemon behind --- they could be gone for a long time. You can just gather these bonus things every 20 hours.
Walk, don't ride: Not only is this extremely dangerous and risky to others, your finding skills will endure due to your lack of focus. If you need to catch a Pokemon while driving, bring a buddy along to play in the passenger seat. Even this can be problematic though, as going at high rates will occasionally confound the servers, which, consequently, can mess up the appearance of Pokemon. Going too fast can also cause Pokestops to stop working properly, and can prove challenging when you're attempting to cover more distance.
Two Pokemon of exactly the same species will not always know the precise same attacks. You may have a Pidgey with peck, and another with fishing gear. Keep that in mind when building your team. As you strike, miniature blue bars under your Pokemon's well-being gauge will fill up. Once they're full, you can unleash special moves by pressing and holding down on your own Pokemon. Special attacks do more damage than regular attacks.
If you manage to beat all the Pokemon at a given gym and lower its prestige to zero, you'll can take over it. You will need to assign a Pokemon to defend the gym, and if multiple trainers in your team add Pokemon (depending on the gym degree), the one with the maximum CP becomes the gym leader. You may even run into an unclaimed gym while rambling about. If you do, post up one of your more powerful Pokemon to defend it on behalf of your team. Be aware that setting a Pokemon in a gym means it'll be unavailable until it is defeated and returned to you.
If your Pokemon light-headed or become injured during battle, revive and cure them with animates and potion (both found at Pokestops) before trying another battle. It's possible for you to fight against enemy gyms alongside other players, and that makes taking down a competing gym easier.
You do not get access to Razz Berries till Level 8 in Pokémon Go, however as soon as you do, make sure to keep plenty in stock for the rare Pokémon. While you can find Pokémon just about anywhere, if you want to find lots of Pokémon, you desire to go to an inhabited location. Various terrain will assist you discover various types of Pokémon, while parks with several Pokémon GO PokéStop in Bodallin WA ensure that you will not run out of Poké Balls while hunting.Robert Cunningham of Plymouth has been named executive director of the Republican State Committee.
A Republican strategist from Plymouth has been named the state party’s new executive director.
Robert Cunningham was confirmed for the post Friday by the state GOP’s governing committee. In making the announcement, party chairwoman Kirsten Hughes, a Quincy city councilor, called Cunningham an experienced campaign manager who could help the party rebuild in Massachusetts.
Cunningham has helped a number of Republicans win municipal, county and legislative races on the South Shore and Cape Cod. He managed campaigns for Plymouth District Attorney Timothy Cruz and for Scott Brown when the former U.S. senator was a member of the Legislature.
Hughes said she hoped Cunningham would help the state GOP create a “farm team” of candidates at the local level who can later challenge for statewide or congressional offices, none of which are currently occupied by Republicans.A nice place to come and relax and enjoy quality food and drinks as well as stunning scenery!
The.
Your hosts are Aaron & Rhonda Bartlett.
Monday: 3pm-close
Tuesday –Sunday: 11am-close
Phone: 06 856 8030
1204 Elsthorpe Road RD2 Otane 4722
View Google Map
ab.4xlm@xtra.co.nz
Copyright © 2013 - 2018 Havelock Business Association. | New Zealand Web Design by Mogul - Smarter Thinking OnlineReading mode: Light Dark
Forum indexFujifilm FinePix TalkChange forum
X10 more for your Delectation.
Started Nov 4, 2011 | Discussions thread
Today in-between showers saw some blue sky, so a few around outside.
Click to enlarge 10 images
Grape vine leaves
Macro crop
Pro-focus mode
All Exif can be found hereAlmondbank Terrace is a street in the settlement of Edinburgh which is within the electoral area of Fountainbridge/Craiglockhart Ward in the administration area of City of Edinburgh Council located in the Scotland Euro Region of the UK.
Almondbank Terrace is located 331.96 miles North West from the centre of London, 1.83 miles South West from the centre of Edinburgh, 37.77 miles South from the centre of Dundee and 39.91 miles East from the centre of Glasgow.There's a new Java 8 update out as of today. Oracle has decided to change its application deployment strategy from providing a standard installer package to an installer application.
This application will prompt for admin privileges before fully launching.
Once you provide admin authentication, the application launches.
You will be prompted to install an Ask.com toolbar. The installation of the toolbar is selected by default.
It will then tell you how many devices run Java while it installs.
Once complete, it'll tell you what it's installed.
It'll then ask you to install the Ask.com toolbar as a Safari extension.
If you then choose to install the Ask.com toolbar, Safari will look like this.
YESS!!! I really wanted ask.com Extensions built into Java installers. Thanks for following through on my feature request Oracle!
I like this version of the installation, if you happen to have Apple's Java 6 still installed:
Good Grief! What the he** is wrong with these people!
They obviously just hired some Adobe developers on the cheap!
Goodbye Oracle!
You've crossed the line as far as I'm concerned. This is just utter and complete garbage. Application installer instead of a pkg installer? Prompting to install Safari toolbars? This is moving more into the realm of adware than software. What in the world are they thinking?? Maybe they recruited former Adobe installer developers?
As always Rich, your diligence in keeping us informed on this is appreciated.
@mm2270 at least the JDK for JAVA 8 Update 40 is still a .pkg and doesn't have the Ask toolbar.
Ah, thanks for that info @jhbush1973. Didn't catch that part. So, the above only applies to the JRE installer?
@mm2270 it appears so. Hopefully Rich will have a blog post up and I've filed a support ticket with Oracle under our agreement.
Yeah, issue is, we typically only install the JRE. We don't have much need for the JDK version for our clients. Are we seriously going to need to start doing captures to get Java installers now? If I could convince the org to completely drop using it I would, but of course some web applications require it. Ugh.
I happend to be testing Rich's script today and I can till you that it is not working.
Running script java_8_install_latest.sh... Script exit code: 255 Script result: /dev/disk2 GUID_partition_scheme /dev/disk2s1 Apple_HFS /private/tmp/java_eight.ZAJY installer: Error the package path specified was invalid: ''. "disk2" unmounted. "disk2" ejected.
It looks like it will still download the new installer DMG, but the app as an installer I think is breaking it.
I did run the app and it did NOT prompt me to install ask.com toolbar crap. I will test some more.....
You can drill down into the package contents, there's a pkg in Resources/JavaAppletPlugin.pkg, which I think is the effective payload we want, without any of the interactive and ask.com nonsense
..and if you use AutoPkg, you can keep using the latest OracleJava8.pkg recipe:
Looks like there is a .pkg in the app bundle:
Oracle Java 1.8.0_40/Java 8 Update 40.app/Contents/Resources/JavaAppletPlugin.pkg
Pretty sure that is the guy we might want to use.
+ 1 for AutoPkg
Well, that gives us something to work with, but let's hope some rationale prevails at Oracle and they return to a regular good ol' package installer at some point. I see no reason to move to an .app installer other than arrogance and/or ignorance.
There is a JavaAppletPlugin.pkg inside the .app, and for anyone out there in K12 trying to keep the Pearson monster happy, this does appear to work.
Super timing!
JavaAppletPlugin.pkg does work. I was able to send it out as a policy.
So, does this update only work on Yosemite? On my 10.9.5 Mac it doesn't show up as being an available update.
(duplicate)
+1 arrogance
It appears to work on both Mavericks and Yosemite. It didn't show up as an update for me on Mavericks but I was able to install it from the DMG. Interestingly, I was not prompted to install the Ask toolbar when I ran the installer on my Yosemite machine. It just skipped that step and never installed it.
Just downloaded the latest version to see for myself and confirmed that the application DID NOT ask me to install the Ask.com Toolbar. Makes me wonder if Oracle realized their error early on and removed it...
McDonald's: More than a trillion served, by robots
8 billion computers run (meh, maybe cumulatively, over the years) run Java...but Oracle can't afford to hire a capable/competent person to create proper platform specific installers. Very McDonalds.
Don
I just downloaded it and it did ask me to install the toolbar on my Mavericks VM so it don't think they've removed it.
the java #toolbargate scandal has begun
(duplicate)
I've gone from indifferent about Java (at best) to disgusted.
I simply did not get the ASK Toolbar Installation Prompt at all.
Who the heck uses ASK anyway?
I declined to install the Ask toolbar, and behold the Sponsors.framework garbage, among other cr@p:
Nice...let's drop aliases into these folders...
@mm2270 wrote:
My personal MBPr has been free of Adobe/Microsoft/Java and it couldn't be happier. ;)
Don
I've written a post with my findings so far:
For folks who are using my install_latest_oracle_java_8 script, I've posted an updated script to accommodate for Java 8 Update 40's changes:
Details on the changes are here:
App installer? Ugh. Ultra annoying. Grrr. But, I've seen the same thing as @quedayone. I wasn't prompted for the Ask toolbar.
"We want Java on as many devices as possible. So let's make it difficult for IT to deploy. And hijack web beowsers in the process."
I would love to have been a fly on the wall at the Oracle meetings that led us here.
I was thinking the same thing yesterday. I would say this was probably not a software engineer's decision (is it really ever?) Some upper management airhead at Oracle that knows nothing about IT or user experience came up with this stroke of brilliance and convinced someone else it was a brilliant idea, and it got approved. I'd imagine at least some of the actual developers at Oracle were probably cringing when they were given this direction.
Rolled out the package inside the app today \- working well.
Ultimately not a big deal \- agree with @mm2270][/url \- it would not have been the software engineers that 'decided' to do this. Poor guys/gals.
My 2c.
Is there any reason to install the JDK instead of the JRE? I've always deployed the JDK because I read a while back that it installed more "bits" that are used by actual Java applications that run on the Mac (not web applets). Perhaps I misinterpreted that? I also was under the impression that the Java 6 implementation that was built into OS X from Apple was based on the JDK as well...
\~Ted
Using the package inside the app, does it just overwrite the plug-in? IE does it maintain previously pushed settings (for instance updates set to off stay that way after using the package inside the app)?
Gabe Shackney
Princeton Public Schools
@mm2270
Absolutely, and that stroke of brilliance was fueled by hard cold cash! Oracle big shots determine that they can't afford to constantly develop bug security/bug fixes = advertising deal.
Won't be surprised when Adobe has to pull the same trick for their shi**y Flash player.
Here all start complaining!!! At the bottom under “Report an Issue” from the drop down select “Comments and/or Suggestions” and write away!
If thats not enough for you send the CEO’s an email as well!! mark.hurd@oracle.com and safra.catz@oracle.com they seem to hold a joint CEO positions.
I'm deploying this package since yesterday, seems to work pretty fine. I've also checked the package content of the 7U40 package against the 7U31 package, they seem to be the same. Even the postinstall scripts are the same. So, for my point of view, the only wrapped that creepy app around the usual package.
Scathing comments and suggestions just sent, and boy that felt good! After I calm down a little, I might just shoot the same off to the CEO's.
Let's be heard!
This is just awesome:
Wow, that is just freakin' stupid. All the more reason to drop the nonsense that is Java and not look back. Talk about swiss cheese security.
Has this checkbox always been in the Java 8 System Preference Pane on OS X? I just noticed it today.
Advanced > Miscellaneous > "Suppress sponsor offers when installing or updating Java"
Does this apply to the Ask.com browser extension?
Definitely not. It was added as of update 40. Not sure what it refers to but I assume the Ask.com extension is a good bet.
To get the standard .pkg. Right click on the .app installer. "Show Package Contents". Contents > Resources > JavaAppletPlugin.pkg This is the underlying installer for Java8u40.
This is similar to running the Java exe installer on Windows and finding the .msi and .cab in the AppData folder
Sounds like they've taken some creative inspiration form Adobe... and yes, the package works just fine.
On a somewhat related note...
Not sure if this has been mentioned, but there are some good ideas for managing Java 7 and Java 8 here on Patrick Fergus' blog:
Just downloaded it this morning and it's gone back to how it was before! Not sure if that's happening to anyone else?
looks like just a pkg to me in the DMG. glad I had not gotten around to pulling apart the other one.
Certainly looks like they got the message. I see a pkg installer now too.
Rich already posted about this, but on a new thread:
Definitely seems like they got the message loud and clear. I'm not sure if the .app installer or the promotion of Ask.com bothered me more, but no matter - I'm glad someone at Oracle came to their senses and reversed course. And I hope whoever came up with the .app/Ask bundle idea got an earful on never doing that again.
Thanks to @Ball for the links - I certainly posted some feedback, and clearly many others did as well. Perplexing decision, but at least they took the feedback on-board and sorted it.
That's more than I can say for our basketball umpires tonight.
I also would not be surprised if the link above posted by @maser had something to do with the reversal as well-
That's some pungent swiss cheese security there! To note, the new installer is a signed package. I never checked to see if the other embedded one was also signed, but since the .app wrapper wasn't checking the signature, that was bad news. The reversal should put that to rest though.
Well it didn't last long....seems to be back to an .app installer off Java.com today! Must be having some inside rumblings! See and also just checked Java.com myself and it is indeed back to a .app! Frustrating! I wonder whats going on inside of Oracle about this the past few days...lol
Keep emailing them!!
Has anyone tested the Java 8 Update 45 that was released yesterday?
My experience was that I couldn't get the "Show Package Contents" to appear. However the installer didn't install any of the garbage detailed above. It was just a clean install captured by Composer.
The latest release doesn't use the .app installer. Again referring to an earlier post in this thread:
@gskibum so far it looks fine to me. Oracle returned to a .pkg installer which worked as expected. @rtrouton update script works great and detected the new version based on the smart group.
Same experience here, neither the pre or postinstall scrips in the package have any reference to any of the Sponsor garbage. That said, I cannot wait to ditch Java entirely.Hotel Accommodation near Chevroux
Search 19 hotels in Chevroux
Collect 10 nights, get 1 reward night
And look out for Secret Prices on selected hotels
Where to stay in Chevroux
Switzerland   accommodation in Chevroux - Hotels.com offers great last-minute Chevroux hotels deals and discount room rates. Our hotels in Chevroux can easily be booked online. Our fast online search facility allows you to:
- - Find and compare different hotels in Chevroux by star rating, amenities, theme, or brand
- - Choose the perfect Chevroux hotel and view room rates, hotel details, guest reviews and photos
- - Securely book your hotel room online today!
- - Receive email and text confirmations with reservation details of your online hotel bookingPorter the right fit in Portland?
The Portland Timbers seemed like a dream job for a coach. With an owner willing to spend money, a roster ready to be overhauled, and a fan base that is one of the most impressive in the league, the Timbers is a club where a coach can make a big impression.
Caleb Porter is a guy who seemed destined to make that kind of splash since he transformed Akron into a national powerhouse. If the Timbers had hired Porter a year ago, the hire would have been lauded as a masterstroke.
But not now. Porter was at the helm when the USA men failed to qualify for the Olympic Games. It was a big hit, and it transformed him from can’t-miss coaching prospect to overmatched college mastermind.
Porter deserves his share of blame for the Olympic qualifying disappointment. He built a roster with some glaring holes, made some lineup selections that were head-scratchers, and made some in-game moves that certainly left him open for criticism.
But the Timbers don’t seem too worried. They see a coach with vision, a man who could grow with the team and implement an entertaining style of soccer that could also deliver the wins that their arch-rivals, the Seattle Sounders, have enjoyed.
Porter believes completely that he can get teams to play high-pressure attacking soccer that emphasizes passing and technical skill. Timbers general manager Gavin Wilkinson will be under serious pressure to help his new coach build a winner. Wilkinson is already carrying some of the blame for Portland’s disappointing 2011 season–even as sources in Portland insist John Spencer deserves a majority of it — and if the 2013 Timbers struggle it will be Wilkinson who pays the price.
Porter will be given time and the resources. Timbers owner Merrit Paulson has bought in, with Portland currently preparing to widen the playing surface at Jeld-Wen Field to accommodate Porter’s possession-style of soccer. The field won’t be the only thing bigger in Portland next season. So will the expectations.
Here are the top MLS matches to watch this weekend:
Columbus Crew vs. Montreal Impact
The two hottest teams in MLS square off in a chase for the final playoff spot in the East. The Crew are unbeaten in five straight and have seen their offense go from stagnant to stellar thanks to the arrival of Argentine playmaker Federico Higuain and the emergence of Costa Rican forward Jairo Arrieta. Higuain has helped generate goals in each of the four games he has played and will be the key target for Montreal to stop.
The Impact will look to shut the Crew down with a defense that has improved considerably since the additions of Alessandro Nesta and Dennis Iapichino. As impressive as Montreal has been in five-match Andy Gruenebaum.
Real Salt Lake vs. D.C. United
RSL will need to be at their defensive best to keep D.C. United from pulling the upset at Rio Tinto Stadium. Young D.C. midfielder Perry Kitchen will have the tough task of trying to contain RSL playmaker Javier Morales, who could have a field day if this becomes a wide-open match.
The D.C. offense has been underperforming for weeks now, but the attack showed some signs of life in Wednesday’s 2-2 draw vs. the New York Red Bulls. Dwayne DeRosario is starting to look like the player who won the league MVP award last season. Kyle Beckerman should make things difficult for him in one of the better one-on-one match-ups in the league this weekend.
Chicago Fire vs. Houston Dynamo
The Dynamo takes on a Fire side that needs a home win. Without one, Chicago would be in serious jeopardy of losing out on a playoff place. The Houston offense will need to find a way to generate chances without Brad Davis, which means more playmaking responsibilities for Oscar Boniek Garcia.
The Fire sold Marco Pappa to Heerenveen, but as much as he meant to the Chicago attack, the recent arrival of Alvaro Fernandez will offset the loss. Chicago needs Fernandez and Sherjill MacDonald to keep showing the form they displayed in recent matches. That could be difficult against a tough Dynamo defense.
FC Dallas vs. Seattle Sounders
Dallas saw their playoff charge halted last week by the Los Angeles Galaxy, and things don’t get any easier with a home date against a Seattle side playing some of the best soccer in the league.
David Ferreira and Osvaldo Alonso will wage an entertaining battle, but the key is how the Sounders deal with Brek Shea. Fredy Montero has been in outstanding form in recent weeks, but he will face a good challenge from a George John-led Dallas defense. The wild card will be Mauro Rosales, who could seriously test the Dallas midfield.
LA Galaxy vs. Vancouver Whitecaps
A three-match losing streak has turned the Whitecaps from contenders for a top-three spot in the West to a team that is flirting with disaster. They still have some room for error heading into Saturday’s match vs. the LA Galaxy, but a fourth straight loss could allow FC Dallas and Chivas USA to creep even closer in the standings.
The Galaxy are now capable of breaking into the top three in the West. Landon Donovan’s absence forced other players to step up, and the play of Jose Villarreal and impending return of Edson Buddle may give the Galaxy the depth they need to make a real push. Watch for how the Galaxy deal with Kenny Miller, who should provide a good test for Omar Gonzalez.Office Walls Ideas is match and guidelines that suggested for you, for creativity about you search. The exactly sizing of Office Walls Ideas was 1920x1080 pixels. You can even look for a few pictures that related to Office Walls Ideas by scroll right down to collection on below this picture. If you wish to find the other picture or article about Office Walls Ideas just drive another button or earlier button; or if you are enthusiastic about similar pictures of Office Walls Office Walls Ideas on Facebook, Route, Twitter, Yahoo Plus and Pinterest.Activism
Activism consists of efforts to promote, impede, or direct social, political, economic, or environmental change.
Quotes[edit]
- Young women have more choices to make today about what to be. One of those choices is activist.
- Gillian Anderson, Global Goals United Nations (March 23, 2016)
-.
- Michel Foucault, “On the Genealogy of Ethics: An Overview of Work in Progress.” Afterword, in Hubert L. Dreyfus and Paul Rabinow, Michel Foucault: Beyond Structuralism and Hermeneutics, 2nd ed. Chicago: University of Massachusetts Press. (1983)
-
- Activism is the rent I pay for living on the planet.
- Alice Walker, from the film poster for Alice Walker: Beauty in Truth.
See also[edit]
Forms of activismBio-Comfort Oil is a unique compose
The Oil contains vitamins A,C,E and F, Omega 3, 6 and 9, unsaturated fatty acids required for the face skin and cells. The Oil is absorbed easily leaving the skin silky without an oily sensation. The oil is rich in antioxidants, iron, calcium and magnesium. The oil contains flamithelial acid, which contributes to skin elasticity.The Prism comes with the following QRM types for mounting the camera onto a motorcycle: The Handlebar Mount, The Top Surface Mount, and The Suction Cup Mount
To use the Quick Release Mounting system,
1. Screw the QRM Head to the screw hole on the bottom of the Prism using a flat head screw driver.
2. Insert the QRM Head into the QRM Body.
3. Slide the QRM Body Lock forward to lock the QRM Head into place.
The QRM head can also be used with the Waterproof Case that comes with the Sena Prism.
The QRM Handlebar Mount enables you to mount the camera on your motorcycle’s handlebar (between 7/8’’ and 1 1/2’’ diameter). You can choose the directions of the mounting arm and the U-bolt to best fit the mount on your handlebar. When you are not using the camera, you can take out the camera-attached QRM head from the QRM body.
The Handlebar Mount can be mounted on locations such as: The Handlebar, The Engine guard, The Frame guard, or a different location of your choosing.
The QRM Top Surface Mount enables you to mount your camera on a flat or curved surface. You can adjust the camera angle by rotating the ball joint on the QRM body. When you are not using the camera, you can simply separate the camera-attached QRM head from the QRM body.
The Top Surface Mount can be mounted on flat or curves surfaces such as: The Top Case, The Pannier Case, The Front Fender, or a different location or your choosing.
The QRM Suction Cup Mount enables you to mount the camera on surfaces that require some height for recording. You can adjust the camera angle by rotating the wheel joints or the ball joints on the legs. When you are not using the camera, you can simply take out the camera-attached QRM head from the QRM body. The QRM Suction Mount is interchangeable between using two suction cups or a single suction cup.
The Dual Suction Cup Mount or the Single Suction Cup Mount can be mounted on: The Pannier Case (Side Case), The Top Case, The Windshield, or a different location of your choice.
Note: When installing the Prism to a motorcycle, use the QRM wire to tie the QRM system to the motorcycle to protect it from any accidental falling.
Video:The City Tourism Board has finally revealed the lucky twelve candidates who will vie this year’s Miss Cagayan de Oro Beauty Pageant.
The twelve are as follows:
- Anne Kristine Carpio
- Jaz Bacot Abines
- Kor Garces
- Jane Maceda
- Rachel Faye Tagapulot
- Althea Charisse Ting Bernales
- Novanmae Marcojos
- Princess Go
- Sherra Mae Vacalares
- Beatrice Alvarez Pohl
- Marjorica Joan Akut Bautista
- Zhairra Claudine Hernaez Bas
The pageant is one of the core events of this year’s fiesta activities.Base Salary
Base Salary
Total Compensation
Base Salary
Total Compensation
Additional Compensation
£5,129
£0
£0
£0
£2,763
How much does a Manager - Consulting at Deloitte make in United Kingdom? The typical salary for a Deloitte United Kingdom Manager - Consulting ranges from £70,000-£84,361, with an average salary of £76,483. Salary estimates based on 17 salary report(s) submitted anonymously to Glassdoor by Deloitte Manager - Consulting employees in United Kingdom or estimated based upon statistical methods.
“it's not bad . i have uhd”
“Very generous. - Six weeks plus holidays”
Looking beyond Deloitte?
Check out the latest Manager - Consulting Jobs or see Manager - Consulting Salaries at other companies.
See if they're hiring! Check out the latest Deloitte JobsProduct Description
Marc Jacobs is regarded as a leading designer in the world of fashion. His bags are made from high quality leather and finishes which can be used everyday.
This iconic Sophia bag is an absolute bargain. Now, you can own a big name designer bag for a small price.
Features
Quality leather exterior and shoulder strap
Four large compartments – two with zippers
Adjustable shoulder strap – making it comfortable to carry
The front of the bag has a large front zipper pocket and two push lock smaller pockets – for keys, and small items
Silver toned hardware
Iconic Marc Jacobs zipper pulls
Suede interior
Size: 30 x 25 x 25cm approx
Preowned in great condition. The exterior has minor wear from normal use. The silver toned brasswear is in good condition, minor wear from normal use. The strap is strong with minor wear. Stitching is tight and intact. The interior is clean and tidy. A great bag that will last for years to come.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Elizabeth Shaw Mint Creams
260s x 15055037052015
- Suitable for vegetarians
Product Marketing
Individually wrapped dark chocolates with soft mint cream centres
Brand Marketing
Devoted to chocolate since 1881
Ingredients
Sugar, Cocoa Mass, Invert Sugar Syrup, Cocoa Butter, Glucose Syrup, Emulsifier: Soya Lecithin, Flavourings, Chocolate contains: Cocoa solids 54% minimum
Allergy advice: For allergens, see ingredients in bold
Nutritional Information
Additional Information
- Suitable for Vegetarians
- May Contain Eggs
- May Contain Milk
- May Contain Nuts
- May Contain Peanuts
- May Contain Rye
- May Contain Wheat
- May Contain Barley
- May Contain Oats
- Contains Soya
- Country of Origin: Produce of the EU
- Origin Free Text
- Pack Type: Box
- 260 Servings
Preparation and Usage
Contains approximately 260 chocolates
Storage
Keep cool and dry.
13° - 18°C (55° - 65°F).
Best before end: See side.
Min Temp °C: 13
Max Temp °C: 18
Manufacturer's Address
Elizabeth Shaw Ltd
1 Glentworth Court,
Lime Kiln Close,
Stoke Gifford,
Bristol,
BS34 8SR,.rule dating someone younger - Sex dating in revere massachusetts
Revere-area historical tornado activity is slightly below Massachusetts state average. Percentage of residents living in poverty in 2015: 15.6% (15.6% for White Non-Hispanic residents, 14.5% for Black residents, 16.3% for Hispanic or Latino residents, 8.6% for other race residents, 14.1% for two or more races residents)Source: Clifford Grammich, Kirk Hadaway, Richard Houseal, Dale E. Nearest cities: Chelsea, MA (1.4 miles ), Everett, MA (1.6 miles ), Malden, MA (1.7 miles ), Winthrop, MA (1.8 miles ), Saugus, MA (1.8 miles ), Winthrop Town, MA (1.8 miles ), Nahant, MA (2.0 miles ), Melrose, MA (2.0 miles ).). Association of Statisticians of American Religious Bodies.
- dating true love absolutely site
- Free big tit online america webcams no reg no payment no credit cards
- Apss for fucking locals
- Random sex chat no registration
- updating old bathroom tile
Our superb location is an easy walk to beaches, shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and public transit..
WHERE: Revere City Hall (parking lot) 281 Broadway, Revere, MA 02151 WHEN: Friday, June 23, 2017 TIME: Noon to 4 p.m.
REGISTER: Registration is requested but not required. WHERE: Bunker Hill Community College, 250 New Rutherford Avenue, Charlestown, MA 02129 (Student Parking Lot #1) WHEN: Tuesday, June 27, 2017 TIME: 10 a.m. REGISTER: Registration is requested but not required. WHERE: 35 Computer Drive, Haverhill, MA 01832 (parking lot furthest from store) WHEN: Wednesday, June 28, 2017 TIME: 10 a.m. REGISTER: Registration is requested but not required. More than 40 victims in California have come forward. We think there may have been victims of Ayres in Boston because back in the 1970s, another child psychiatrist named Dr.The Boston Police, after receiving a tip, are now asking anyone who may have been a victim of Ayres in Boston to please contact them. Donald Allen was convicted of child molestation in the notorious Revere child sex ring. On 10/7/1983 at , a magnitude 5.3 (5.1 MB, 5.3 LG, 5.1 ML, Class: Moderate, Intensity: VI - VII) earthquake occurred 199.0 miles away from the city center On 1/19/1982 at , a magnitude 4.7 (4.5 MB, 4.7 MD, 4.5 LG, Class: Light, Intensity: IV - V) earthquake occurred 80.8 miles away from Revere center On 4/20/2002 at , a magnitude 5.2 (5.2 MB, 4.2 MS, 5.2 MW, 5.0 MW, Depth: 6.8 mi) earthquake occurred 197.6 miles away from the city center On 8/22/1992 at , a magnitude 4.8 (4.8 MB, 3.8 MS, 4.7 LG, Depth: 6.2 mi) earthquake occurred 231.8 miles away from the city center On 10/2/1994 at , a magnitude 3.7 (3.5 LG, 3.7 LG, Depth: 6.2 mi, Class: Light, Intensity: II - III) earthquake occurred 65.2 miles away from Revere center On 7/22/2003 at , a magnitude 3.6 (3.6 LG, Depth: 6.8 mi) earthquake occurred 55.7 miles away from the city center The number of natural disasters in Suffolk County (31) is a lot greater than the US average (13).to a Lynn ordinance that bans Level 2 and 3 sex offenders from living within 1,000 feet of a school or park could impact 43 other cities and towns across the state that limit where sex offenders can live or go.Well we asked for listeners who have withheld sex from their partners to call in and things went left!Tags: Adult Dating, affair dating, sex datingHey, welcome to our blog, espeially to our new followers and if you are vistiting for the first time.
We hope you had a great Christmas weekend amd are not too hungover, we had a geat time with an outdoor lunch on Saturday the star of the meal being a huge chunk of Stilton cheese, a rare and somewhat expensive delicacy here, which disappeared like the snows in summer, Thaiboxer was hoping there'd be some left to soak in port at a later date (strange English Custom!) sadly this was not be :>{
OK, so you need a kick start, we reckon a round or two with our "First Five" may do the trick!!!
Have a great week and get ready for the next blow out for New Year at the weekend.
Cheers.Our Deluxe Quality Hire Magicians Hat in Red is made from 100% Polyester with a Spongy/ Foam like feel. This Hat will add the finishing touch to your Magicians Costume leaving you feeling and looking like a real Wizard!
Hip Hop Bling Hat [845902-55]
Witch Doctor Turban [847872-55]
Straw Boater Hat [9312]
Where's Wally Kit [34589]
Adult Lamp Shade Hat [846188-55]RUNWAY a
Published News » all
Runway Magazine USAPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 7 hours ago ()
Ranveer singh hairstylesPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 17 hours ago ()
BrandedGirls.com is a Website that offers all kind of fashion products from all famous brands on one Place.Branded girls also has step by step make up tutorials
how to make $10,000 per month on InstagramPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 18 hours ago ()
Want to earn 5 figures per month online? check out this amazing video to find out how
how to lose 20 pounds in 2 weeksPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 18 hours ago ()
Want to lose weight quickly and easily? Watch this YouTube video to find out how
3 ways to lose weight without dietingPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 18 hours ago ()
Yearning for a leaner, flatter stomach? well this YouTube video could have the answers you are looking for
improve shooting accuracyPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 19 hours ago ()
Need to improve your shooting skills, go to this website which will show you how.
weight loss regimePosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 19 hours ago ()
Are you looking for easy ways to lose weight without exercise? Great check out this miracle drink to help lose belly fat overnight
exercise to lose belly fatPosted by emmazz (#1) 1 day 20 hours ago ()
Don't have time to workout? Then work out at home with the cellerciser
Sort NewsKeller, Timothy. Preaching: Communicating Faith in an Age of Skepticism. New York: Viking, 2015.
Preaching is not a book that gives detailed steps on how to construct a good sermon (though it does include an appendix on "Writing an Expository Message"). What the book does do is tell us what a good preaching should include (e.g., preaching Christ from all of Scripture).
Sound preaching arises out of two loves--love of the Word of God and love of people--and from them both a desire to show people God's glorious grace (p. 14).
To show how a text fits into its whole canonical context, then, is to show how it points to Christ and gospel salvation, the big idea of the whole Bible (p. 48).
It is crucial in our preaching that we do not simply tell people all the ways they must be moral and good without relating such exhortation to the gospel. Nor should we simply tell them over and over that they can be saved only be free grace without showing how salvation changes our lives (p. 51).
[Contextualization] means to resonate with yet defy the culture around you (p. 99).
Let's lay out six sound practices for preaching to and reaching a culture.
Use accessible or well-explained vocabulary.
Employ respected authorities to strengthen your theses.
Demonstrate an understanding of doubts and objections.
Affirm in order to challenge baseline cultural narratives.
Make gospel offers that push on the culture's pressure points.
Call for gospel motivation (p. 103).
Unless the truth is not only clear but also real to listeners, then people will still fail to obey it. Preaching cannot simply be accurate and sound. It must capture the listeners' interest and imaginations; it must be compelling and penetrate to their hearts (p. 157).
If you want to preach to the heart, you need to preach from the heart (p. 166).From the appendix on how to write an expository message:
1. Discern the goal of the text by itemizing all the things that it says and looking for the main idea that all the other ideas support.I'd give this book a 4.5 of of 5. I usually enjoy Keller's writing, and I think in this book would benefit any preacher.
2.Choose a main theme for the sermon that presents the central idea of the text and ministers to your specific listeners.
3. Develop an outline around the sermon theme that fits the passage, with each point raising insights from the text itself, and has movement toward a climax.
4. Flesh out each point with arguments, illustrations, examples, images, other supportive Bible texts, and, most important, practical application (p. 214).The.
Current State's Peter Whorf talks with music director Arie Lipsky for a brief tour through Mahler’s mighty fifth symphony.Amber Tamblyn
Date of birth: 14/04/1983 Year
Age: 33 years
Place of birth: Santa Monica, California, USA
Nationality: USA
Height: 170 cm
Amber Tamblyn wallpapers for your PC, Iphone, Android Device or Tablet PC. If you want to download Amber Tamblyn High Quality wallpapers for your desktop, please download this wallpapers below and click «set as desktop background». You can share this wallpaper in social networks, we will be very grateful to youHi,
With student from the University of Rennes in France (Master 2 BIG) we are building a new standalone genom browser similar to IGV.
This one is made using the excellent framework Qt5. That means everything is writted in C++ and compiled under windows, linux and mac. ( Troll: and it's faster and prettier than any java app). The main objective of this application is : "Fast and Cute". We focus on a simple user interface and a powerfull data access based on tabix and bedtools. Me (DrIDK) and ikit , are guiding this project. I am a Qt expert and ikit is an IHM expert from industry. The project is under GPL license hosted on github : The project has just started, this is just the beginning .
Be free to join us ! You can code, propose suggestion, find bug, translate ...
If you want to start right now, You can install QtSDK , clone the project and run it from qtcreator by opening src/BigBrowser.pro.
We also have a mailling list : if you want to register.
To conclude, Here is a preview of the current state of BigBrowser
Great idea! I was thinking exactly the same thing. IGV is slow ... IGV is an excellent genome browser, but I've always wondered how much faster a browser with equivalent functions would be in C++. I even considered writing it myself, but quickly realized the scale of the project.
I'm really curious to see if it's possible to build a faster, and portable, version of IGV in C++.
Actually we are cloning igv file type. That means BB and IGV will be compatible
Awesome! :)
C++ versus java.. you already have the answer :)
meh. It depends on who codes it... I don't use Java, in fact I don't like it -- but it can be very fast. I wouldnt assume writing it in C will make things faster. Innovation will make it faster. Time, effort and energy will make it faster. I am confident you can do it though :)
Your are right.. I just like to troll java ! We will do our best !
I would seriously consider an Canvas/WebGL interface in addition to (or instead of) the Qt interface. I know you're an expert in Qt, but if I can't run it on a server and visualize it locally, then I can't use it! :( Can this be done with Qt? (I honestly don't know, not trying to be rude)
I wonder why do you want to run from a server and use webGL. Do you mean a non-gui server app which provide data for a web browser?
BB will be able to communicate with Rest API. That's mean it will behave like a web browser gettings his data from a server.
Maybe we can use asm.js for build a web version but isn't the main goal of project.
Yup, exactly that. A restful API and an in-browser viz so we can look at alignment across the network easily :)
It's same. Exept you are using BB instead of firefox.
OK, that works too then :)
sacha How long until bam support? IGV freezes of my 16GB MBP when viewing segmental duplications.20 lb Head, 36 In. BASH Sledge Hammer
220 Head, 36 Air Shipment RestrictedN
- Acme Tools Brand NameWILTON
- Acme Tools Part Number22036
- Assembled Weight (lbs)26.6
- Color / FinishSee Photo
- Country of OriginMEX
- Face TypeFlat with slight radius chamber
- Grip MaterialRubber
- HammersSledgehammers
- Handle Length (in)36
- Handle MaterialRubber
- Handle StyleVulcanized rubber with steel core
- Internal Supplier Part #22036
- Internet Product Code (IPC)0D6C39FA52C
- MFG Model # (Series)22036
- MFG Part # (OEM)22036
- Manufacturer WarrantyLifetime
- Package Weight26.6
- Product Name20 lb Head, 36 In. BASH Sledge Hammer
- Recommended Safety EquipmentSafety glasses, lanyard
- Replaceable HeadNo
- Tool Head MaterialForged
- UPC731325179231
- Weight of Head (lbs)20We’ve all heard of the dreaded “freshman 15,” where scores of college students each year fall victim to the seemingly inevitable weight gain that comes with living away from your parents.
Admittedly, I was nervous upon entering school that I would also gain weight and develop unhealthy habits. However, I actually lost weight after starting school just from all the walking I had to do.
You can easily walk a couple miles just from walking around campus during the day. If possible, avoid taking the bus and see how much more walking you end up doing.
As far as exercising is concerned, joining the gym is a great option. One-hundred dollars may seem like a lot to shell out for the year to use the gym in the Tinsley Center, but it’s a lot cheaper than other gyms, and they have a lot to offer.
If you can’t spend the money, there is a free suspended track in Tinsley. The track is great for not only running, but there are areas big enough to do ab and other leg workouts as well.
Another option are the free workout classes, like zumba and kickboxing, that are usually offered in Kelly Gym.
Exercising is is just half the battle though. It may seem difficult to eat healthy in our dining halls, but just keep in mind moderation is key. Don’t be afraid to get ice cream for dessert, or a breadstick with your pasta, just don’t do it every day.
There are always healthy options to consider. A rule that I’ve been taught, is to make half your grains whole. So instead of getting white bread at the wrap/sandwich stations, get a whole wheat option half of the time.
Portion control is another concern of health-conscious college students. We are given huge portions at mealtimes. Just because it fills the plate, doesn’t mean you have to eat it all. Self-awareness and self-control are key here. If you feel satisfied stop eating, and you’ll realize that you don’t need to eat nearly as much as you think.
Drinking water is another really easy way to stay healthy. If you replace soda or other sugary drinks at mealtimes with a glass or two of water, you’ll feel more hydrated, and eat less. Often when you think you are hungry, your body is simply craving water.
If you are stuck for ideas of how to exercise, or what to eat, there are literally thousands of resources online. Search for health and fitness boards on pinterest, tumblrs devoted to the subject, and look at fitness magazines online.
YouTube also is home to free videos about food and workouts.There are apps that track your fitness progress and keep you motivated.
Bottom line, gaining weight in college is entirely preventable, and being healthy is entirely possible.
Molly Bello is a comment staff writer.Email her at mbello@student.bridgew.edu or follow her on twitter @mollybello.mature women getting shagged porn teens hub squirting pussy photos
tinder for friends north west full name
planet fitness lunk alarm goth teen sex shamwow
ashton kutcher and mila chili singer
schiff on the markets homemade daughter porn jeu xxl adulte chloë grace moretz nude
shemale mint jeu xxl adulte
emmerdale ashley chloë grace moretz nude
chili singer young hot babes
suicide girls porn
north west full name lanny barbie fucked porn teens hub
publisher of hustler indian teens
teen nerd porn
dakota fanning naked huge jap tits
the cast of cheers band natural tits tube
condo new york city tube interracial Years and years of experience and an enormous talent is what makes a woman like Rachel wanted by all men, single or married.
busty girls stripping So hot!
xnxx.comx
Mia Li works the gloryhole all her life. rough mouth fuck schiff on the markets
This strapon video is all about it. 50 inch ass So to make it up to him, she opens up her ass in order to receive an anal gangbang from his large dick.
redtube girl She gets her tight vagina pounded from behind.
amber james porn American porno with a busty milf who has an amazing body.lincauknab
japenese gay video
It's a must see. annie bullah babestation
Watch as mother and daughter team take turns riding this mans hard cock. lesbian ebony bbw She is down on her knees giving pov head to this horny dude and later she rides his erective cock Indian amateur babe having great fuck with ebony dude with big cock
alicia rhodes blowjob Indian amateur babe having great fuck with ebony dude with big cock She is down on her knees giving pov head to this horny dude and later she rides his erective cock - 9415 Wickerdale Court, Highlands Ranch
- 6
- Bedrooms
- 4
- Baths
- 3,608
- SQ. Feet
- 0.16
- Acres
$5,000 INCENTIVE OFFERED FOR ANY OFFER RECEIVED PRIOR TO 2/17. USE FOR CLOSING COSTS, UPGRADES ETC!!!** MAIN FLOOR floor master bedroom/bath/jacuzzi. Laundry facilities. Family/great room. 3 sky lights. Kitchen, Living room. Dining room. ** UPPER LEVEL has 3 bedrooms with walk-in closets (or 2 bedrooms/1 office) and full bath. ** LOWER LEVEL has 1500sf mother-in-law, friend or family boarder apartment (or great hangout area for kids) with 2 large bedrooms, full kitchen with granite counter top and eating area (full size frig, stove-oven, dishwasher, full-size sink, microwave), dining area, living room, sound insulated music room or study, pet salon and storage room. ** Low maintenance back yard (5 mins to cut grass!) has patio with free standing fire pit, gazebo, and trampoline with netting (included with house). ** The open floor plan and well designed back yard/patio/gazebo/trampoline works great for entertaining/hosting.
Essential Information
- MLS® #:
- 2903422
- Price:
- $400,000
- Bedrooms:
- 6
- Bathrooms:
- 4.00
- Full Baths:
- 2
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 3,608
- Acres:
- 0.16
- Year Built:
- 1990
- Type:
- Residential
- Sub-Type:
- Detached Single Family
- Style:
- 2 Story
- Status:
- Sold
Community Information
- Address:
- 9415 Wickerdale Court
- Subdivision:
- Highlands Ranch
- City:
- Highlands Ranch
- County:
- Douglas
- State:
- CO
- Zip Code:
- 80130
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Clubhouse, Community Pool, Fitness Facility, Grounds Maintenance, Tennis Courts
- Features:
- Cul-de-Sac
- Parking Spaces:
- 2
Interior
- Interior Features:
- Double Pane Windows, Eating Space / Kitchen, Five Piece Bath, Jet Action Tub, Master Suite, Skylights, Vaulted, Walk-in Closets
- Appliances:
- Refrigerator (Kitchen)
- Heating:
- Forced Air
- Cooling:
- Air Conditioning-Central
- Fireplace:
- Yes
- # of Fireplaces:
- 1
- Fireplaces:
- Living Room
Exterior
- Exterior Features:
- Fence
- Lot Description:
- 7100.00
- Windows:
- Double Pane Windows
- Roof:
- Composition Shingles
- Construction:
- Frame
School Information
- District:
- Douglas RE-1
- Elementary:
- Fox Creek
- Middle:
- Cresthill
- High:
- Highlands Ranch
Additional Information
- Zoning:
- PDU
Listing information last updated on January 16th, 2018 at 9:49am MST.4 stars out of 5
Title: The Scorch Trials (The Maze Runner #2)
Author: James Dashner
Genre: Young Adult; Dystopia
Publication Date: October 12th 2010
“Phase Two. The Scorch Trials.”
Solving the Maze was supposed to be the end. There are no rules. There is no help. You either make it or you die. Friendships will be tested. Loyalties will be broken. All bets are off.
Thomas was sure that escaping.
“When they’d settled into bed last night, everything had seemed good and safe. Yeah, maybe this was worse, to have that suddenly taken away.”
I remember rushing myself to reread The Scorch Trials right before the movie’s out. As you guys know, I finished reading TMR series before the 1st movie came out and to be honest, right now, the details seems a bit blurry and all I can remember is the big picture; the beginning, the reason why and the ending. That’s it. Though I still remember the details on The Maze Runner pretty clearly to be able to enjoy the movie with satisfaction, with The Scorch Trials? Not really. That’s why I reread it. To trigger my old feeling from the first time I finished this book.
When I read this book for the first time, at first I was confused. Yep. I felt just as lost as Thomas and the gang. Who are these people, who claims, “everything’s alright now though we have to run few more tests to y’all” and start acting weirder and weirder? Where’s Teresa? Why there are so many teenagers here? What’s going to happen next?
I admit, I like Dashner’s writing. The thrill, the intensity and the actions, it’s almost like I can watch the movie inside my head even before I watch the actual movie. I rarely read books from male author but somehow, Dashner’s writing is intrigued me to read more. BUT! Dashner’s just keep creating mysteries and adding riddles that none of his characters resolves and that’s really bothering me. I want to know what’s going on yet somehow for me, Dashner seems like stretching the actual story, adding unnecessary problems that really made me want to pull my hair.
But then again, in the end, those “unnecessary” problems are the only thing that made me actually finished this series. Well, and Minho of course. My dear Minho.
Now that I reread it for the second time (yep, only the second) after I see the big screen The Maze Runner and before I watched Scorch Trials, I slowly.. Kind of get it. You know. The little dots that previously I didn’t really paid attention to, I’m starting to get the whole thing. Like why Teresa do what she did, how in a way I understand why she think that way and how Thomas’s way too goody-two-shoes for me. Haha. I was so in love with Thomas before, but now that I reread the series all over again, I can see that Thomas is simply way too heroic for his own good. ><
Still handsome though..
Though while I’m writing this review I already watched the movie, I still think that this story’s not going to be as good as I thought it would be. But at the end of the day, for someone who enjoys this kind of story, Dystopian world where the hero’s the only one who will save everyone, this book is worth to read. Clearly refreshing with Dashner’s straightforward writing, I’m sure people will love it.
Not for me though. I admit I only read this book because of Dylan O’Brien; don’t kill me. I think for now I’m going to stick to romance, as always. But overall, I enjoyed this book. I love Minho and Thomas, oh dear Thomas. I’ll support you no matter what. :)
My copy of TST. ><We have a couple character teaser trailers out for the new drama The K2 starring Ji Chang Wook (Healer) and Yoona (Prime Minister and I). And these give us a good look at both of them! Ji Chang Wook sure is looking cool as he gets ready to protect Yoona. Yoona is looking very beautiful and elegant with a very tangible sadness to her.
I love these character trailers, and I think they really set the tone for the drama to come. The stakes already feel high as we prepare for what should be an intense ride!.
Ji Chang Wook Trailer:
Yoona Trailer:
Sign Up to receive email updates of kdrama reviews, casting news, trailers, and more.
Holy goodness I loved those!! Thanks! (and I got a new cpu, it let’s me watch Youtube! bwahaha success.) I am so pumped to watch this drama.
LikeLiked by 2 people
Yay! I always felt a bit sad when you mentioned having to track down trailers and such on other sites. I’m glad you can more easily watch now 🙂 And yes, I loved them too. Loved the moody and intense vibe and am so looking forward to it!
LikeLiked by 2 people
Yessss I need Ji Chang Wook again! Still not over Healer! Lol.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I know how ready you’ll be for this one! He’s definitely got that cool Healer vibe already going 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 personKathmandu Dubar Squre tour is one of the most excellent memorable tour in Nepal. The tour is especially famous for religious, cultural and historical. It is listed in UNESCO. The place often called as Basantpur, Hanuman Dhoka. The area is surrounded by famous temples and small beautiful temples. It is supposed to be built in 16th and 17th century.
The area is famous for most historical temples likewise Teleju Temple, Jagannath Temple, Hanuman Dhoka and many more. You take more memorable experienced by visting Kathmandu Dubar Squre exploring some unique style of temples. Your Guide Nepal Tours compnay manges 1-2 days packages in good price to all age of groups.
Itinerary
Day 1: Pick up from airport transfer to hotel as your budget.
Day 2: Wake up morning, after having breakfast set off Kathmandu Dubar Squre Tour with experienced guide to make your day easy.
Day 3: Final Departure.
加德满都Dubar SQURE之旅是最优秀的难忘之旅在尼泊尔之一。游览特别著名的宗教，文化和历史。它被列入联合国教科文组织。这个地方经常被称为Basantpur，哈努曼多卡。该地区是著名的寺庙和小美丽的寺庙包围。它应该是建于16世纪和17世纪。
该地区是著名的历史最悠久的寺庙也Teleju寺，贾格纳神庙，哈努曼多卡等等。你需要更多的难忘经历visting加德满都Dubar SQURE游览寺庙的一些独特的风格。您的指南尼泊尔旅游COMPNAY manges1-2天包的好价钱各年龄组。
行程
第1天：从机场接送到酒店作为您的预算拿起。
第2天：醒来的早晨，吃早餐掀起加德满都Dubar SQURE旅游经验丰富的导游后，使你一天轻松。
第3天：最后出发。Some Guy Who Kills People is set to be the sleeper hit of the Toronto After Dark Film Festival. Though it screened at 1:30 pm on a Sunday afternoon, it was surely one of the strongest films programmed this year. Executive producer John Landis knows something about horror films, so his backing of this movie gives it a little more clout – though it’s more than capable of impressing audiences on its own merits.
Ken (Kevin Corrigan) recently returned home from a pretty long stint at a mental institution. He’s lonely, depressed and working a thankless job. However, things begin looking up: he discovers he has a wonderful pre-teen daughter, Amy (Ariel Gade), and he meets a lovely girl, Stephanie (Lucy Davis). And as almost a bonus, the guys who mercilessly tormented Ken in high school are being brutally murdered and the local sheriff (Barry Bostwick) has no idea who is committing the crimes.
This film is smart, witty and incredibly funny with a dark humour that’s really appreciated. Karen Black is expectedly excellent as she portrays Ken’s mother who takes a dig at him every chance she gets. Bostwick is side-splitting with some of the best lines in the film. These two veterans, along with the rest of the actors, are so perfectly casted, it seems like kismet. Corrigan is recognizable from countless appearances in other films, but here he’s finally given the opportunity to carry a narrative and proves worthy of the task. His almost natural brooding and timing for dark comedy is ideal for this role.
Typical of the small town dynamic, the jocks that were jerks in high school are now intimidating adults who continue to bully Ken. When they begin turning up dead, the sweet revenge can only be applauded. Moreover, the sheriff’s approach to each crime scene is hilarious (some of which is sampled for the trailer). He’s so nonchalant about the gory mess he discovers at each location, yet proceeds cautiously when the clues begin to point to a suspect.
The introduction of Amy and Stephanie into Ken’s life is a sudden and unexpected ray of sunshine that breaks through his regular gloom. Amy is energetic and talkative, eager to get to know the father she was never allowed to meet; while Tracy is a little strange herself and attracted to Ken’s peculiarity. Ken is cautious in entering a relationship with either female, though even his wall is slowly broken down by their interest.
The narrative is captivating from beginning to end. The mix of murder investigation and mundane life is perfectly balanced, and the humour flows seamlessly through the entire movie. There aren’t any real holes to be found in the storyline and details are revealed gradually throughout.
Some Guy Who Kills People is fitting for an afternoon screening, though the only disadvantage is many may have missed its brilliance in the early timeslot.We're sorry, this listing is off the market. Try these listings instead:
Service Business Franchise #448757 posted Jul 6, 2016
- Florida, United States
- $495...
Medical Guide - Home Based - Relocatable #464947 posted Mar 20, 2017
- Florida, United States
- $120,000
In production since 2008 this publication provides readers with a premium medical guide to the area. This comprehensive guide informs readers with detailed information on each department, history of hospital, overview of medical programs, and community knowledge. Revenue is generated from.Score from 355 reviews
Apartment
from 98,8 USD – Hotel
Apartment
from 73,4 USD – Guest accommodation
All bookings are confirmed instantly. No waiting, no email exchanges, no confusion.
Situated in the beautiful Doñana National Park, this magnificent and extensive hotel complex is the perfect place to enjoy a truly relaxing holiday in the sun, in southern Andalusia.
Set in splendid gardens, the Parador de Mazagón is a hotel that will help you to unwind on holiday. You can enjoy a cooling dip in the hotel’s swimming pool, or relax in the onsite sauna and hot tub.
Get more active by going for a workout in the hotel’s gym, or play a game of tennis on the complex’s courts.
The Mazagón’s restaurant is the perfect place to dine with family or friends, without leaving the comfort of the hotel. Then enjoy a drink in the onsite bar, and chat with other guests.
Rooms: 63
Please note that drinks are not included in the Half Board and Full Board rates.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Bath or Shower, Hairdryer, Toilet, Bath, Bathroom, Shower, Bidet, Free toiletries, Toilet paper
Seating Area, Wardrobe/Closet, Desk, Air conditioning, Safety Deposit Box, Tile/Marble floor, Carpeted, Heating
Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Telephone
Towels, Wake-up service, Linen
View, Balcony
Air-conditioned room with a balcony, flat-screen satellite TV, safe and minibar. The private bathroom comes with a hairdryer.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Bathroom, Hairdryer, Toilet paper, Bath or Shower, Toilet, Bath, Free toiletries, Shower, Bidet
Wardrobe/Closet, Safety Deposit Box, Air conditioning, Carpeted, Tile/Marble floor, Heating, Desk, Seating Area
Satellite Channels, Telephone, Flat-screen TV
Towels, Linen, Wake-up service
Balcony, View
This twin/double room has a balcony, satellite TV and minibar.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Toilet, Toilet paper, Bath, Bath or Shower, Bathroom, Bidet, Hairdryer, Shower, Free toiletries
Carpeted, Air conditioning, Seating Area, Tile/Marble floor, Desk, Safety Deposit Box, Heating, Wardrobe/Closet
Telephone, Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV
Towels, Linen, Wake-up service
View, Balcony
This twin/double room features a balcony, satellite TV and minibar.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Toilet, Bidet, Shower, Bathroom, Free toiletries, Toilet paper, Bath or Shower, Bath, Hairdryer
Desk, Seating Area, Wardrobe/Closet, Safety Deposit Box, Tile/Marble floor, Air conditioning, Heating, Carpeted
Satellite Channels, Flat-screen TV, Telephone
Linen, Towels, Wake-up service
Balcony, View
This twin room has a balcony, air conditioning and view.
Minibar, Electric kettle
Bath, Toilet paper, Toilet, Bidet, Bathroom, Shower, Free toiletries, Bath or Shower, Hairdryer
Safety Deposit Box, Tile/Marble floor, Wardrobe/Closet, Carpeted, Air conditioning, Seating Area, Heating, Desk
Satellite Channels, Telephone, Flat-screen TV
Towels, Wake-up service, Linen
View, Balcony
Board games/puzzles
This twin/double room has a balcony, minibar and flat-screen TV.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Toilet paper, Bathroom, Bidet, Toilet, Shower, Bath or Shower, Bath, Free toiletries, Hairdryer
Carpeted, Air conditioning, Seating Area, Heating, Wardrobe/Closet, Desk, Safety Deposit Box, Tile/Marble floor
Flat-screen TV, Telephone, Satellite Channels
Towels, Linen, Wake-up service
View, Balcony
Board games/puzzles
This triple room features a balcony, satellite TV and view.
Minibar, Electric kettle
Bathroom, Toilet paper, Shower, Free toiletries, Toilet, Bath or Shower, Hairdryer, Bidet, Bath
Carpeted, Seating Area, Wardrobe/Closet, Tile/Marble floor, Heating, Air conditioning, Desk, Safety Deposit Box
Flat-screen TV, Telephone, Satellite Channels
Linen, Towels, Wake-up service
Balcony, View
Books, DVDs or music for children
This triple room has a balcony, air conditioning and minibar.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Free toiletries, Toilet, Bathroom, Hairdryer, Bidet, Shower, Bath or Shower, Bath, Toilet paper
Wardrobe/Closet, Carpeted, Air conditioning, Heating, Safety Deposit Box, Seating Area, Tile/Marble floor, Desk
Satellite Channels, Telephone, Flat-screen TV
Linen, Wake-up service, Towels
Balcony, View
This double room features a balcony, minibar and air conditioning.
Electric kettle, Minibar
Bathroom, Bath or Shower, Shower, Free toiletries, Hairdryer, Bidet, Toilet paper, Toilet, Bath
Carpeted, Desk, Air conditioning, Safety Deposit Box, Tile/Marble floor, Heating, Wardrobe/Closet, Seating Area
Flat-screen TV, Satellite Channels, Telephone
Wake-up service, Towels, Linen
View, Balcony
This offer includes a stay in a Double or Twin Room with a buffet breakfast.
For stays on 24 and 31 December the offer also includes a special dinner held on those evenings, a New Year's Eve party with free bar and party bags.
After booking, all of the hotel’s details, including telephone and email address, are provided in the online booking confirmation, confirmation email.
Cycling, Table tennis, Hiking, Tennis court
Room service, Packed lunches, Breakfast in the room, Bar, Special diet menus (on request), Breakfast options, Kid meals, Restaurant (à la carte), Restaurant (buffet), Snack bar
Outdoor pool (all year), Sauna, Massage, Swimming pool, Hot tub/jacuzzi, Indoor pool (all year), Fitness centre
Bicycle rental (additional charge)
Safety deposit box, Tour desk, Express check-in/check-out, Newspapers, Luggage storage, Concierge service, Ticket service, 24-hour front desk, Currency exchange
Garden, Terrace
Children's playground, Board games/puzzles
Trouser press, Laundry, Ironing service
Gift shop
Family rooms,
Designated smoking area,
Air conditioning,
Lift,
Non-smoking rooms,
Facilities for disabled guests,
VIP room facilities,
Heating
Free WiFi! WiFi is available in public areas and is free of charge.
Free parking! Free public parking is possible on site (reservation is not possible).
From 14:00 hours
Until 12:00 hours
All children are welcome.
One child from 0 toA follow up on yesterday’s post about the fool fire cheif that let that guys house burn down:
What if I was being assaulted in the street, would the police have to check to see if I paid my protection money before assisting me? And let me get mauled and possibly murdered if I haven’t paid up?? Our taxes PAY for these basic services no matter who we are or where we are.
I’ve heard of fire fighters sending a bill, and that’s preposterous, it’s what they are ALREADY PAID FOR.
Double dipping ticks me off, we have to pay to ‘use’ so called ‘public’ areas. National parks charge for entering, camping, boat launching, picnicking, (‘day use’), and our taxes ALREADY PAY for this!!!! If they want to make cha-ching off of usage fees, fine, then accept no tax dollars. We don’t need to pay twice, especially since the one time is too high as it is.
AdvertisementsBy Yul
Bar sermons with an historically frank, intelligent, and gracious speech on race relations. He firmly disagreed with Wright, but still embraced him as a beloved pastor.
Wright’s thanks to Obama for turning the other cheek is to stir up more trouble on the speaking circuit.
On TV with Bill Moyers and live before the NAACP and the National Press Club, Wright’s been airing his paranoia and claiming our government is the root of all evil – from AIDS to September 11.
He’s even had the audacity to joke about being Obama’s vice president, and vowed to stay “after” Obama if he gets elected to ensure he does the right things, like he’s got delusions of being the power behind the throne.
This leaves me wondering if Wright’s simply nuts or bent on revenge. Maybe he’s still steamed that Obama uninvited him to the event where Obama announced his candidacy.
To watch Wright seizing his last 15 minutes of fame to poison every mind he can reach has got everyone wondering what the hell Obama was doing in his church for 20 years.
If Wright really loved Barack, he’d be exercising his right to remain silent. Instead, Wright’s proving himself exactly what those sound bites revealed – a bitter lunatic who believes God damns America and he’s glad of it. It’s the only logical explanation for willfully trying to destroy Obama’s chance to lead this country and make the world a better place.
At this point, unless we see Wright being led away in a straitjacket to an undisclosed location, Obama’s only hope is to declare that he and Rev. Wright are finished. Period.
[…] desconocido wrote an interesting post today onHere’s a quick excerptBar … […]
[…] Read the rest of this great post here […]
[…] catsworking wrote an interesting post today on Why Does Rev. Wright Hate Barack Obama?Here’s a quick excerptObama tried to explain Rev. Wright’s crazy anti-American sermons with an historically frank, intelligent, and gracious speech on race relations. He firmly disagreed with Wright, but still embraced him as a beloved pastor. … […]
[…] Continue Reading Posted on: Tuesday, April 29, 2008 at 1:20 pm Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site. […]
… that this is a ploy on Obama’s part to get the “pity” vote? Honestly, how could anyone believe that Obama attended the Rev. Wright’s church/services, was married there, took his childeren there, etc. and claims that he never heard him say anything of this sort? Was he napping?? Doing soduko puzzles? I believe he even appointed Rev. Wright as his ‘spiritual advisor’ for his campaign, didn’t he? Now, all of a sudden, he’s shocked at what he finally hears and is disavowing him?? Pullease! It’s all a ploy. Sadly, I believe he’s lost any credibility that he had.
Unfortunately, I think Obama’s lack of experience is showing. It started during the last debate when they were lobbing stupid questions at him and he got rattled. Hillary never lost her cool and did a much better job of trying to inject some facts into the conversation than he did.
And now in this Wright business, it’s absurd for anyone to think that Obama happened to miss church every time Wright shot off his mouth — for 20 years. That their relationship has gone through this meltdown just as Obama is fighting for the biggest job opportunity of his life just goes to show they’ve probably never been as tight as he thought they were. We may never know if it was because Obama didn’t agree with Wright all along, or that he DID agree with Wright and has turned on him and now Wright’s pissed.
That level of naivete in a president would be scary. Here at CatsWorking, we’ll admit our faith in Obama is shaken.
Why Does Rev. Wright Hate Barack Obama?…
Obama’s uptick nationally over the past couple of days might very well be real, but polling over the weekend is always tricky and Rev. Wright is just now making his presence felt around the country. If anything, it was Wright’s speech ……
I agree – it is unsettling. And it may be the long, grueling campaign is getting to him too. But if the campaign is grueling, so is being President…so it is worrisome.This is a typical week for me - and like I said, I am most certainly blessed!
The boys were at my house yesterday afternoon and early evening and I learned something important . . . or at least was reminded of something I was too distracted to think about. Caleb (four years old) wanted to do some work to earn money for something he wanted to buy, so I gave him some jobs to do. First of all, I have to say I'm so impressed with how hard he worked, what a great job he did following instructions and with how he stuck with it until he completed the work he was given to do!
One "job" I gave him was for him to wash the dining room window and the window in the dining room door. I handed him the window cleaner in the spray bottle (my first "mistake") some towels and pointed him in the right direction. Then I returned to preparing supper (my second "mistake")!
Caleb went to work. He moved a chair so he could reach the windows and happily sprayed, and sprayed, and sprayed . . . you get the idea . . . the windows with the cleaner. (Spray bottles do resemble squirt guns a lot!) Then he used the towels to wipe the cleaner away. He returned the cleaner with a dripping wet towel and a big smile on his sweet face.
I looked over to the windows and from across the room I could see cleaner dripping down the windows!!! Yes, I should have given significantly clearer instructions to the four-year-old about how to clean a window!!! I went over and cleaned up the cleaner - dried up a puddle of cleaner on the windowsill - after all, he worked hard to clean the window - I didn't give enough of the correct instructions!
I learned - or at least remembered - how important it is to give clear instructions to young children when they are "helping"! And, yes, he did help a lot! He worked hard and did everything I asked him to do!
Next time I want him to help with the windows, I will show him how to do it, first!Abstract
The Energy Shale Member, an argillaceous wedge associated with the Walshville Channel and Herrin (No. 6) Coal Member, consists of a lower dark-gray shale unit and an upper light-gray shale unit in the Orient No. 6 Mine of the Freeman United Coal Mining Company. The dark-gray shale has laminae about one-eighth of an tach thick, is abundantly carbonaceous, and is characterized by the presence of an expandable clay mineral. The light-gray shale has layers as much as two inches thick, contains less carbonaceous matter, lacks expandable clay minerals, and is more coarsely grained than the dark-gray shale. Thus the dark-gray shale unit is inferred to have been deposited in small, shallow water bodies within the swamp. In contrast, the light-gray shale appears to have resulted from widespread inundation of the swamp, perhaps by crevasse splays and other overbank deposits from the contemporaneous Walshville Channel. The light-gray shale is characterized by the presence of rolls--elongate shale bodies of lenticular cross-section that penetrate downward into the coal. Rolls and their associated slips, small slicken-sided normal faults, are most abundant along the margins of dark-gray shale bodies and trend more or less parallel to the boundary separating the two rock types (Krausse et al, 1979). Elsewhere in southern Illinois coal names where the roof rock is uniformly composed of light-gray shale, there are few rolls. These relationships suggest that local accumulation of dark-gray shale in depressions on the peat terminated peat deposition and caused compaction of the underlying peat. Later, when the light-gray shale deposit smothered the entire swamp, the topography of the swamp was inverted. This resulted because peat in previously uncompacted and uncovered areas condensed more than the already compacted peat beneath the dark gray shale lenses. Thereafter, rolls arose through slumping of light-gray shale, which covered the newly created mound-like masses of dark gray shale and previously compacted peat.
First Page Preview
.
Having the representation of an attorney is of vital importance throughout the criminal trial process. An attorney can provide his or her client with information regarding the client's legal rights, as well as explain how the client's case will proceed. An attorney is tasked with making sure that his or her client's constitutional rights are not infringed upon either by the police or in court proceedings. Moreover, an attorney can enter into plea bargain negotiations with the prosecution and can represent his or her client's interests in the process.
An attorney can also investigate the facts of his or her client's case and gather and present evidence on his or her client's behalf. He or she can also cross-examine witnesses proffered by the prosecution and raise objections against improper evidence and improper questions, and ultimately can present any and all defenses in favor of his or her client during the trial process.
As you can see, having an attorney's representation can be a crucial component of ensuring that the accused has a fair trial. It is a constitutional right afforded to every citizen of our nation. No defendant should have to face a courtroom alone. With their knowledge of the law, criminal defense attorneys can be zealous advocate for their client's cases.
Source: FindLaw, "The Right to Counsel," accessed June 20, 2016The biggest trend these days in Thailand’s red light industry is that you see more and more ladyboys working in the different “entertainment venues” – beer bars, go go bars, massage salons, escorts, dating sites or freelancers in the clubs and on the streets.
The reason why there are more ladyboy sex workers in Thailand than ever before is not only because it’s still difficult for them to find a regular and decent paying job (about 60-70% of all employees in Thailand are shop workers like in supermarkets, restaurants or retail stores with salaries of no more than 12,000 Baht a month, leaving alone the reservations many employers still have about ladyboys), but also because there is an increasingly number of foreigners who feel attracted to the shemales and want to try one out at some point.
The bar ladyboys are working in the “beer bars” – these types of bars where you can just relax for some time, drink your beer, play pool, watch TV, and if you like, buy one of the girls or ladyboys a drink for some closer company. While most of the beer bars in Thailand employ strictly girls only to avoid misunderstandings among their customers, some bars also have 1-2 ladyboys working. The best place in this category are the ladyboy bars in Pattaya like Linda Bar or Fantasy Lounge, check out the link for more info and map locations.
- Prices: Lady drinks cost around 120-160 Baht, the bar fine is 300-500 Baht (if you don’t know what a bar fine is, check out this article), and the sex price is always negotiated – generally no more than 1,000 Baht for short time, and no more than 2,000 Baht for long time in the beer bars.
Thai Go Go Ladyboys
Unlike the beer bars (see above), Bangkok has actually a much bigger and better selection of ladyboy go go bars (check out Obsession in Nana Plaza or Cockatoo in Soi Cowboy). They operate exactly the same as the girls go go bars: You walk in, sit down, order a drink and watch the dancers on the stage (or elsewhere in the room). If you like someone, you can smile at her, wave at her and call her over to buy her a drink, chat and play with her. Of course often they will also come to you by themselves, putting their arm around you, or just start playing with your dick before you even bought them a drink. They usually work and compete much harder than the girls, and that can be a lot of fun.
- Prices: The price system is similar like in the beer bars, but everything is slightly more expensive, because these ladyboys are (supposed to be) the most beautiful type of “entertainer”: Lady drinks 160-200 Baht, bar fine 700-1,000 Baht, sex price 1,000-2,000 Baht for short time and 2,000-4,000 Baht for long time.
Thai Massage Ladyboys
The easiest and safest type of place to “try out” a ladyboy in Thailand. Why? Well, it’s just easy to take an oil massage with a charming and busty shemale, and just see what happens. Usually they will ask you if you want a hand job towards the end of the session, when they massage your thighs and smile when seeing your boner. Full sex is usually not offered, but there are some exceptions like Soi Lengkee in Buakhao, Pattaya, the salons opposite of Foodland on Soi 5 in Bangkok, or the salons on Sukhumvit Road between Soi 5 and Soi 7 in Bangkok – these places also do full sex service, because you get a private room there.
- Prices: If you want a regular happy ending massage (means hand job) then you should obviously choose an oil massage – that’s usually 400 Baht in Bangkok and 300 Baht pretty much elsewhere. The tip for the hand job should be about 500 Baht – just be warned that the ladyboys are much tougher in negotiating than the girls – they will often quote you 1,000 Baht and not go down even 100 Baht, until you get frustrated and reach out on your clothes to leave, before they finally say okay and start jerking you off. Only pay 1,000 Baht for sex in the massage salons.
Thai Club Freelancing Ladyboys
Not every night club in Thailand allows ladyboys, but if they do, then you can be sure that there will be also a lot of freelancing ladyboys around. These are not employed by anyone, and just look for a new customer every night. The advantage with them is that you save money for the bar fine, but the disadvantage is that it’s more risky, because you don’t know where to find her in case she steals from you (unlikely, but possible).
- Prices: 1,000 Baht is the going rate for club freelancers, but some of the hottest and most attractive transgenders are asking for 1,500-2,000 Baht. Party with them first and buy them a couple of drinks, and you should be able to bargain that down. And by the way, they will usually be willing to spend the whole night with you, not just short time (it’s up to you though, or how they say in Thai: lɛ́ɛo dtɛ̀ɛ – แล้วแต่).
Thai Street Freelancing Ladyboys
Similar type than the club freelancers, well usually not quite as attractive because they don’t even want to spend (or have) money for buying drinks and having fun in the clubs – the street prostitutes are probably the reason why still so many guys are afraid of Thai ladyboys – you walk along Sukhumvit Road in Bangkok (between Asok and Nana BTS station), or Beach Road in Pattaya, or Bangla Road in Phuket, and many of them are so overconfident that they even firmly grab your arm to express their interest in having sex with you.
- Prices: Not more than 1,000 Baht.
Thai Ladyboys on Dating Site
If you are looking for a way to have sex with ladyboys in Thailand without paying any money, then using Thai Friendly Ladyboy Dating is your best option. It’s the biggest, most popular and only free dating site in Thailand, where you can find tens of thousands of young and hot ladyboys from all over the country – and obviously the biggest selection is in Bangkok, Pattaya and Phuket.
- Prices: There are tons of hookers on Thai Friendly who would happily come to your room for 1,000 Baht (many of them work in the bar and even invite you to come to their room while they get ready for work), as well as “normal” transgenders who don’t ask for money and instead look for standard dating or their first foreign boyfriend.
Thai Ladyboy Escorts
I would only recommend you this option if you don’t have much time and don’t worry about money too much, because the ladyboy escorts are the most expensive type of hooker in Thailand. Sure, it’s quite convenient to just go on Google and search for “ladyboy escorts in (city)”, browse through the images, book one you like and one hour later she will be in front of your door. Not bad at all and certainly a memorable and safe experience, but just really expensive – for this price you could get at least 3 freelancers from Thai Friendly (see above) coming to your room with no questions asked.
- Prices: The minimum time frame for ladyboy escorts is usually 2 hours, and that costs 4,000-5,000 Baht. Longer sessions are also available for an additional fee, like 4 hours for around 7,000 Baht, or overnight for 10,000 Baht.
Final Thoughts
No matter what type of Thai ladyboy hooker you go for – always be respectful and polite, and discuss the price in advance (but pay afterwards), and you should have no problems at all. I even know plenty of guys who just tried out a massage with one of them, and they liked it so much that they now regularly hook up with them by using the dating site.
It’s also a good idea to always specify if you want them to stay with you for short time or long time, and of course, always use condoms. This is basically everything you need to know on this topic – I’m sure you have a good overview now of the different types of ladyboy prostitutes, and if you want to know the exact places to find them in each city, just scroll up to the top menu and look under “Nightlife” – there you can find the ladyboy guides to every major destination in Thailand.
Be the First to Comment!Hotel Accommodation near McKellar
Search 0 hotels in McKellar
Get Secret Prices on selected hotels
These prices aren’t available to everyone.
Where to stay:« Cha bu duo (more or less): A trip to the pharmacy | Main | Sore Shoulders »
March 29, 2005
Song huo ma? (Do you deliver the goods?)
We wanted to buy a little table, on top of which we could set our electric "dish sterilizer," so we (usually Terry) wouldn't have to bend over to load and unload.
Several weeks ago, we took a Sunday afternoon stroll down Gong Nong Lu (Workers and Farmers St.) in our neighborhood. About a quarter mile down the street, we came upon a little second-hand furniture shop. They had exactly what we were looking for. Since the asking price was only $10 and it was exactly what we wanted, and since I don't mind the street vendors occasionally earning A LITTLE extra from us, I said I'd buy if they would "song huo" -- deliver the goods. They agreed and within seconds hailed one of the ubiquitous "ren li che" (people-powered vehicle) drivers waiting for such assignments. I think they gave the driver (peddlar, to be precise) 5 rmb, about $.60. I thought we'd meet the driver back at our apartment, but to our surprised, he told us to climb aboard. Since the "vehicle" was basically a 3-wheeled tricycle with a flatbed in toe, "riding" meant sitting on siderails and holding on tightly. Terry had previously been afraid even to ride in the version of this vehicle designed for passengers, so I was a little surprised that she climbed aboard. In any case, we took a route of sidewalks and bicycle lanes and arrive home safely. -- Norty
Posted by now at March 29, 2005 04:26 PMLONDON, Sept 29 (Reuters) - Unemployment in the world's biggest developed economies has been falling, at least since the end of the financial crisis. But wages, in the main, have not reacted as might be expected.
They have generally either grown only modestly, or even fallen.
Take, for example, resurgent Germany. Since 2012, the unemployment rate has tumbled to the lowest level since reunification. Wages and salaries have grown -- but only gradually and at nothing like a rate to imply pressure.
It is even clearer in Japan, where unemployment this year has fallen to a more than 20-year low of just 2.8 percent
"Everything tells us the labour market is tight in Japan," said Mark Williams, chief Asia economist at Capital Economics. "(But) the one place we are not seeing labour market tightness in is wages, which aren't rising at all."
One impact of this globally is that inflation has not picked up much despite the massive amount of stimulus hurled at it by central banks, including negligible or even negative interest rates. Indeed, it may be one reason why some banks appear to be less worried about low inflation than they were.
For the worker, the lack of inflation has masked some of the wage stagnation. (It has only become a hot issue in Britain, for example, since inflation took off after the Brexit vote.)
But this may not last. September's GfK sentiment index suggested German consumer morale may be about to cool as a result of a more negative expectation for incomes.
The more-workers-less-pay-growth phenomenon, meanwhile, is the subject of a new report from International Monetary Fund economists Gee Hee Hong, Zsoka Koczan, Weicheng Lian and Malhar Nabar.
They find the disconnect between unemployment and wages to be the result of a number of factors -- including the slowdown of productivity -- that are relatively new and which are probably not going to go away.
A key factor is an abundant workforce -- labour market slack in the jargon. But that is a seeming contradiction given the record low unemployment rates in some places.
It comes down to people working fewer hours than they would like and the trend towards temporary contracts -- the gig economy, zero-hours contracts and so on.
That leaves a large number of workers for companies to choose from if wage demands rise.
"Despite employment growth, hours per worker have continued to decline and involuntary part-time employment has increased in more than two-thirds of countries," the IMF report notes.
A second factor is, in effect, the impact of globalisation and a more integrated global economy.
Local labour slack is essentially only part of the picture.
"(Playing a possible role are) the threat of plant relocation across borders, or an increase in the effective worldwide supply of labour," the economists found.
Interestingly, a third factor -- automation -- was not found by the IMF team to have had a major impact, at least yet.
That may come later. In March, PwC consultants estimated that by 2030 automation will impact -- do away with or change -- 38 percent of existing jobs in the United States, 35 percent in Germany, 30 in Britain, and 21 in Japan.
Sounds a long time away, but it is just over 12 years.
ITALY NEXT
The political impact of all this is unknown -- although Britain's Brexit vote, the election of U.S. President Donald Trump, and the rise of the far-right AfD in Germany all point at the very least to voter disenchantment with the status quo.
So the next big test could be Italy, where unemployment is a stubborn 11.4 percent and wage growth has been running at negligible year-on-year rates. Italy will have to hold a general election by the end of May next year and an economy deemed to be weak or unequal could boost support for parties that at the very least have been critical of the euro.
Among them are the 5-Star Movement, the Northern League and even former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia. Berlusconi recently raised the idea of a parallel currency to the euro.
The coming week will give a snapshot of Italy's economy, with September's purchasing manager indexes (PMI) and the unemployment rate for August. There will also be retail sales data -- sometimes a test of voter contentment.
Meanwhile, there will be a global economic snapshot for the end of the third quarter, from PMI across the globe to U.S. payrolls. (Reporting by Jeremy Gaunt; Editing by Catherine Evans)Blow That Whistle! (but be safe)
I just noticed on the Washington Post newspaper web page a nice collection of ways to confidentially communicate between journalists and tipsters. One of them is SecureDrop, which was already discussed earlier. It’s probably a good idea to just become familiar with these channels of communication, even practice it before you need it. […]A Well Organised Administrative System:
Vijayanagara empire which lasted for more than two hundred years in the Deccan had a well-organised administrative system.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
It was on account of this system that there was an all round prosperity in the state. Under the leadership of its several rulers, the state made a remarkable progress in the economic, cultural, political and social fields.
Many foreigner visitors like Nicolo (onti-ltalian), Abdul Razaq (Persian) and Dominigos Pius (Portuguese) etc. have praised the prosperity of the state.
image source: bsvprasad.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/early-vijayanagara-sculpture-on-the-temple-e1385875861384.jpg
Kingship Krishnadeva Raya, the greatest ruler of the Kingdom of Vijayanagara explains the position of Kingship in his book ‘Amuktamalyda” that a King should gather round him people skilled in state craft and seek their advice and help in administration. He further writes, “A crowned king should always rule with an eye towards Dharma”.
The ruler was a benevolent despot. He was the head of the state and was regarded as the God’s representative on earth. The king was the supreme authority in civil, military and judicial matters. The king, however, was assisted and guided by a council of ministers. He was an enlightened and benevolent ruler.
Council of Ministers:
ADVERTISEMENTS:
The king was assisted by ministers who were nominated by the king. The ministers were appointed from the three classes i.e. The Brahmans, the Kshatriyas and the Vaishayas. The office of the minister was sometimes hereditary. The three important key posts of the state were the Prime Minister, the Chief Treasurer and the Prefect of the Police.
Rule of two rulers simultaneously. Sometimes two rulers ruled at the same time-a strange practice and perhaps the only one in history; Hari Har I and his brother Bukka Rai ruled at the same time. Likewise Vijay Rai and Dev Rai ruled at the same time.
Provincial administration:
For purpose of administration, the empire was divided into 6 provinces. A province was called Prant, or Rajya. Each province was under a viceroy or Nayak who was either a member of the royal family or influential noble of the state. Every viceroy enjoyed civil, military and judiciary powers within the province. He was required to submit regularly account of the income and expenditure to the central government.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Decentralised administration:
The rulers of Vijayanagar a adopted the principle of the decentralisation of political power. The empire was, divided into provinces prants, districts, ‘Nadus’, ‘Melagrams’ and ‘grams’. Administration of the villages was autonomous.
Local administration:
The province was divided into smaller units. The village was the smallest unit. It was self-sufficient. The village assembly (Panchayat) was responsible for the administration of the village. Village accountant and the village watchman were the hereditary officers. These officers were paid either by grants of land or from a portion of the agricultural produce.
ADVERTISEMENTS:
Nayankar system of administration:
Under this system, the ruler assigned a land track to officials in lieu of pay i.e. for maintaining themselves and that of their army from the land track itself. These officials or landlords provided military service to the ruler.
Sources of revenue:
Land revenue was the chief source of income. Land was divided into four categories for purposes of assessment, wet land, dry land, orchards and woods. Usually the share was one sixth of the produce. Land revenue could be paid in cash or kind. The rates varied according to the type of the crops, soil, method of irrigation, etc. Apart from land revenue, other taxes were: irrigation tax, grazing tax and import- export duties on merchandise goods.
Administration of justice:
The king was the highest authority or the supreme court of justice. His word was final. Petitions were presented to the king or the Prime Minister by all those who had a grievance and these were disposed of according to the principles of Hindu Law. Punishments were very severe. Torture was used to find out the truth from the alleged culprit. Death sentence, mutilation of the limbs of the body and confiscation of property were the deterrent punishments for the criminals. In the villages, panchayats dispensed justice for ordinary crimes.
Military organization:
The army consisted of infantry, cavalry, artillery and camels. The rulers of the Vijayanagar a empire neglected naval power. The rulers recruited Turkish archers in the army. The military organisation was rather weak and its primary weakness was artillery.
According to Domingos Paes, a foreign traveller, Krishna Deva Raya’s army included 703,000 infantry, 32600 cavalry and 551 elephants, besides an unaccounted host of camp followers. Chariots had gone out of use. The efficiency of the huge army was not proportionate to the number of force.
Splendour of the court:
The court of the rulers of Vijayanagara was known for its grandeur and splendour. It was attended by nobles, priests, scholars, musicians and astrologers.
Orders of the rulers:
No written orders were issued by the rulers. The royal words were carefully noted down by secretaries, whose record was the sole evidence of the commands issued.
The West Bath School Open House is Thursday, September 14th from 5:30-6:30 PM. Prior to open house, PTO will be hosting a cookout for our school community, beginning at 5:00. PTO will provide hot dogs and beverages. If possible, they ask parents of children in the following grades to bring:♫
Listen to free music played by ohmymaryjane
Blip.fm is internet radio made social. It's easy to search for, play, and discover free music recommended by real people. Join today to create your own free station and start listening to @ohmymaryjane.
ohmymaryjane Play your love songs, all night long for me. Only for meeee.
♫
Crosby, Nash, Stills and Young – Our House| play
ohmymaryjane Yesssss ma'am.
♫
Lauryn Hill – Doo Wop (That Thing)| play
ohmymaryjane think of me when you're out, when you're out there..i'll beg you nice from my knees.
All I wanted – Paramore (lyrics)| play
Sep 22, 2010 at 2:46 am via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNES
ohmymaryjane ska makes me happy! :) Mustard Plug - Thigh High Nylons
Mustard Plug – Thigh High Nylons| play
Jun 9, 2010 at 3:55 am via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNES
Dj Rui Da Silva vs. Dj Tiesto – Touch Me| play
May 13, 2010 at 5:09 am via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNES
ohmymaryjane @Totengrber: "rb@rafaelladm: "bom dia gents! @li_dib @das_z3d @Totengrber @leandronunes @Daytripper @sarahalx @bittersugarcube @Gen22 @thailis"" (reblip)
ohmymaryjane Safetysuit - Find a Way
♫
Safetysuit – Find A Way| play
ohmymaryjane White town - your woman
♫
White Town – Your Woman| play
My Bloody Valentine – When You Sleep| play
May 3, 2010 at 4:22 pm via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNES
Bobby Valentino – Anonymous ft. Timbaland| play
Apr 30, 2010 at 4:13 pm via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNES
Nachtmahr – El Chupacabra| play
Apr 28, 2010 at 11:58 pm via YouTube | AMAZON | ITUNESOver the years WordPress gets better and better as a CMS platform for a lot more than it’s original purpose, blogging. Today, most new site developments start in WordPress until there is a reason to move to a more robust CMS. As the defacto web development platform there are a few functionality pieces that get extremely well done by using free plugins. Here is my WordPress stack on Uber.la, where I show you what I use and why. Let me know if you have any contenders that I need to check out.
Security – the hackers have gotten more sophisticated, and WordPress has holes that these plugins can block.
- BulletProof Security < probably comprehensive enough to work without any of these others, but I started using them first
- Extra Security < very simple fixes
- WP-MalWatch < a scanner that will check your code
- WP Super Secure and Fast htaccess
SEO and Spam Killers < there are a few things you can do to improve the seo performance
- Akismet < a built-in stand by, worth keeping on
- Greg’s High Performance SEO < a low-overhead SEO optimizer
- Jetpack by WordPress < some great utilities in one big plugin (constantly improved and updated)
- Link Juice Keeper < if you’re moving or deleting pages, keep the link love
- SEO Friendly Images < have you forgotten to tag a few images, this plugin can help
- Simple Sitemap < a quick plugin to generate a visitor-friendly site index
- Simple Trackback Validation < kills Trackback spam
- Smart 404 < for those dead links, don’t 404 your visitors, give them other choices on-the-fly
- WP-Optimize < you know how tedious it is to delete spam comments etc? This plugin is a god-send
- WP-reCaptcha < so many Captchas, this one seems to work well for me
Special Features < plugins that do other good stuff
- Contact Form 7 < need simple submission forms?
- Count Per Day < how many “reads” are you getting – very different numbers than Google Analytics
- Disqus Comment System < upgrade your commenting process
- FD Feedburner Plugin < good way to integrate Feedburner options to WordPress (you are using Feedburner, right?)
- Feed Statistics < who’s reading via RSS feeds and what apps are they using
- Find and replace < update links and content across drafts, pages, and posts
- Google Analyticator < my favorite Google Analytics add-in package
- Google XML Sitemaps < make sure your XML sitemaps have the latest format and function
- P3 (Plugin Performance Profiler) < audit the performance of your plugins and eliminate the speed killers
- Sociable < my favorite add-all-the-share-buttons plugin
- WP-UserOnline < see who’s online in real-time – bots and visitors and where they came from
Let me know what plugins you use, if you have one you’ve tried and think works better than any of these I’ve listed. I’m always trying to improve performance.
@jmacofearth (also seen on Google+: jmacofearth)S: Fifty Years of Alida Anne Visbach
BC: Text by Linda Robinson With input from her loving family Compiled by Helen Visbach | Made with love on the occasion of Alida's 50th birthday
FC: Fifty Years of Alida Anne Visbach
1: Once upon a time in the Land of Visbach, there was born a beautiful baby girl named Alida Anne. (It should be noted that while Alida 'Anne' hated her middle name, and insisted that it should be 'Antonia' as befitting her regal stature, 'Anne' it remained.)
2: Her Mam and Pap and her older siblings: sister Dieuwke, and brothers Dirk and Mark were overjoyed that they finally had a baby sister; especially because the grapefruit could now be divided equally into fours, and there would not be a dried out piece for the rest of them to eat.
4: With her 'Doctor Zorba' hair, and capricious nature, Alida Anne, the baby, ruled the Land of Visbach | Who in the Land of Visbach could resist those big buggy green eyes and sunny disposition?
5: When shopping at Tingley's, who was it that made other shoppers smile and feel happy as she made faces at them?
6: Who else would be made by her brother Mark to lie on the floor, face down, | so she could breathe her germs into the floor so they would not spread and infect the rest of her family?
7: Now it must be said, that as Alida Anne grew up, and being the youngest sibling, that she did experience far greater leniency from Mam and Pap than her older siblings, | for which she was truly grateful; and she never took advantage of the situation
8: Although there may have been resentment from her other siblings,
10: "She who must be obeyed" got to stay out late as long as she wanted; | She got to drive the car when she wanted.
11: She travelled to distant lands with Mam and Pap | Across Canada | and to St. Lucia
12: ... while her other siblings stayed home ; | ... and she got her bra without begging for it.
13: In later years, Alida Anne (now known as Lida) would never forget her early years in the Land of Visbach. | Her trips to the Lake (no peeing please!) | Candies at Christmas time (who was that mysterious Sinterklaas, and how did he disappear so quickly?) | And her many joyful hours playing with her adorable brother, Mark, at Katimavik
14: ... and especially skipping arm-in-arm, singing at the top of her lungs, in her favourite store - K-Mart with Helen and Dirk.
15: When she returned from her travels to distant lands,
16: ... she welcomed any and all opportunities to have quality time with her brothers and sister
17: ... especially with her adorable brother, Mark. For he always listened to her; he always took her advice; and he always knew that she was right. One particularly favourite time spent with her brother, Mark, was when they both went fiddleheading and their canoe became incapacitated (even though they tried to patch the holes with plastic bags). Alida Anne and her adorable brother, Mark, worked stoically together as one, without rancor, and safely made it home safe and sound. Thank God for that Indian man!
18: On occasion, much to Alida Anne's delight, her adorable brother, Mark, also insisted that Alida Anne 'look up his nose' to ensure that Alida Anne was grateful for the time that her adorable brother, Mark, spent with her.
19: As Alida Anne moved from a precocious teenager into her | 30's | and 40's | 20's
20: ... she sought various avenues of employment, ever increasing her level of responsibility, confidence and awareness of herself. She demonstrated a perseverance to succeed through sheer will and persistence - basic Visbach family roots relating to hard work and fortitude showing her the way. | She worked at the Hilton and bought a beautiful old home in Hampton.
21: ... and then moved on to work at Howard Johnson's, | ... and then on to Kings Landing
22: All through her journey, her family was steadfast in their support and their belief that she would find her way, eventually. There were a few ups and downs along the way - giving a presentation with a panty liner down at her feet; attempting to operate on ever decreasing budgets at Kings Landing; having the heat die out at the home in Hampton one bitter night and wrapping herself and her niece, Lindsay, in warm blankets to keep from freezing; etc. But all in all, Alida Anne stayed the course.
23: During this period of time, Alida Anne met a boy from the Land of Barkers Point. Up to this point, Alida Anne had experienced love and loss in her love-life like any other princess, but when this strange man told her on the first meeting that he was going to marry her, it caused her to sit up and take notice!
24: While he talked in strange tongues on occasion, and was fastidious in his mannerisms, and somewhat stubborn in his ways, Alida Anne, as she alway did, took him on as a challenge.
25: In1994, they tied the knot.
26: Alida Anne's life was now full. She had the man she loved. | She had a good job at Kings Landing (albeit somewhat stressful at times!). | And she still had her wonderful devoted family; especially her Mam. Each lunch hour Alida Anne would partake of food and listen to wisdom from her Mam. These times were most precious.
27: Another addition in her life were her nieces, Lindsay Pindsay and Rosie Posie. Many hours were spent honing their culinary skills,giving them expert advice on love and relationships, fashion and beauty tips. | and being a role model as an example of a powerful, confident woman.
28: Alida Anne also fortified a bond with her nephew, Jonathan. Although most of his life was spent in the Land of Ontario, Jonathan did manage, with his parents, to visit often and spend happy times with Aunt Alida Anne | cooking up a storm | and exchanging conversation, | giggles and laughter with his Aunt.
29: Alida always had time for her nieces and nephew, which has continued to this day with special shopping trips and cooking special meals for the family during the holidays. | Her early life, and the lessons taught to her by her Mam and Pap concerning the value of family, struck a cord to which she definitely adheres and follows.
30: A few years ago, Alida Anne finally grasped the big golden ball and moved to her present position at Heritage Park in Calgary. Alida Anne's last voyage to the Land of Alberta was difficult for her. Leaving her family behind almost broke her heart, but she knew that she had to face this challenge.
31: From time to time, family getaways in Calgary and Canmore filled with hikes, food, wine, 'the Incredible Shrinking Woman', and laughfter salved the ache for home | Alida Anne's visits home during the Christmas festivities and occasionally during the summer months, is filled with cook, cook, cook, and drink, drink, drink. | Martini anyone?
32: As our story ends, and Alida Anne has now, at age 50, matured like a fine wine, we must reflect on her life as a whole. It is a good life, a life filled with love and nurturing and sometimes angst with her spose, fellow siblings and parents ... | ... but through it all she struck her course, kept it straight, and DOES IT HER WAY! Happy birthday and many more.We Need Your Help
Kolonia
What is the availability and cost of household help, and what types of help are typically employed by expatriates?
Unavailable. The Micronesians are not known for their domestic attentiveness or work ethic. A few people have found Philippinas to help at home, but I wouldn't bother here. There have been reports of thefts and break-ins blamed on the hired help. - Feb 7, 2013
It's very hard to find someone who wants to work, will show up and won't steal from you. Really, none of my colleagues have domestic staff here now based on previous bad experiences. - Apr 1, 2008* * * *
I made this comment in [this Connecticut Politics Post]:
What is happening in the Connecticut Judicial Branch and Legislature regarding the Gay Marriage issue show how well organized, well funded, and powerful their lobby really is.
I have attended a Judicial Hearing on the Judicial Branch. A Judicial Employee blew the whistle on felonies being committed within the branch. The public testimony was then sealed from the public, and she was retaliated against for just touching on the subject of judicial corruption:
Rep. Michael Lawlor is on the Judiciary Committee. He is an advocate for Gay Marriage. He does not seem to be an advocate for telling the truth and for helping victims of judicial misconduct:
There is a hearing on Oversight of the Judiciary at the Legislature this coming Thursday, will Lawlor and others address this?:
The same conditions that allowed “Gay Bashing”:
within the ranks of the Connecticut State Police still exist. If they still treat each other this bad, we the people can get it even worse. What is Lawlor doing about that? Answer: nothing.
* * * *
CT News Junkie Post on the Gay Marriage issue [found here]
* * * *
* * * *
Nepotism and Cronyism Central[previous post] where the cat is out of the bag on the Connecticut Judiciary with comments in a newspaper forum showing up, and then, for some reason, getting deleted ...
[click here] for the possible solution to the Connecticut public corruption in all 3 branches of government:
Connecticut Constitution Convention Campaign
* * * *
* * * *
State's Probate Court Administrator Submits Resignation
By CHRISTOPHER KEATING And KIM MARTINEAU | Courant Staff Writers
July 15, 2008
Probate court administrator James J. Lawlor, who has been locked in trench warfare with the state's small-town probate judges for years, has lost his battle.
He submitted his resignation Monday in a heavily detailed, five-page letter that outlined his attempts to reform the state's 117 probate courts, which have been [more]
* * * *
Connecticut Governor M. Jodi Rell with a Buzz On?
 DEVASAYA DENTAL CARE
DEVASAYA DENTAL CARE is known for housing experienced Dentists. Dr. Sweta Shah, a well-reputed Dentist, practices in Ahmedabad. Visit this medical health centre for Dentists recommended by 93 patients.
Timings
MON-SAT
03:00 PM - 08:30 PM 09:30 AM - 01:00 PM
Location
Devasya multispeciality Hospitalear bhimjipura cross road,new vadaj
Vadaj Ahmedabad, Gujarat - 380013
Doctor in DEVASAYA DENTAL CARE
Dr. Sweta DEVASAYA DENTAL CAREYour feedback matters!
Patient Review Highlights
Reviews
Popular
All Reviews
View More
Sijo John
Mar 3, 2017
It was amazing. She is a brilliant doctor with lots of talent. She was very careful and gave very right suggestions.
Verified
Aug 8, 2017
Excellent
Verified
Aug 11, 2017
Good
View All Reviews
Feed
Health Query
I am suffering from bad breath ,all the time there is fowl smell comes from my mouth ,its been one year, I consult with many dentist some said its brushing problem ,some just cleaned the teeth ,i have tried everything but it doesn't work. I don't know whether its coming from stomach or mouth but it persist all day. I am very depressed about it. Please help me.
Bad breath can be due to many reasons. Tooth cleaning can be just part of treatment. U can go for thorough check up. And solve it. Due to dry mouth less water intake or other reasons.
Health Query
I am suffering from mouth ulcers. After medication it will be cured, but after some time it will again come. I have no constipation but I have low hemoglobin is that the reason or something else. Please advise.
Mouth ulcer can be due to many reasons. It can be due to stress or vitamin deficiency. So kindly go to dentist have it ruled out.
Asked for Male, 28 years
I am suffering from tooth decay my most of lower teeth left to right Conner except middle are decay. What should I do and how much it will cost?
You can go to any dentist. Decay will cost you filling or cap. It will cost you around 2000 per tooth. Cap will cost you more.
Asked for female, 38 years old from Vapi
I want to go for gum surgery. Which is the best for me. Laser or normal flap surgery. Please suggest me. What is the expense of both.
Asked for female, 23 years old from Guntur
Hi mam, I am 23 years old. Can I reduce my tooth height with out braces ?and how much time taken with these process.
You can reduce your tooth height without braces with cap. It takes approx 1 week. Though not advisable much. Go for braces if possible.
Health Query
Mera tooth Pura discolor ho gaya hai me crown lagwana chahata hu to 15 teeth me crown lagwana chahata hu cost kitna Padega.
Shared 4 months ago • Featured Tip.
Asked for male, 34 years old from Kolhapur
My baby is 3 years old and her upper teeth has damaged and broken. Dentist suggests to do root canal. Is it right for my baby? please suggests..
Nothing will happen. Tissue paper do not harm or do anything. Just that it shouldn't left behind in cavity.
Asked for Female, 29 years
I just did a root canal treatment for my front tooth couple days ago, and now having a bump on the gum. Not really painful but a bit swelling. What is it? Is that normal? Will that disappear within a couple of days?
View All Feed
Near By Clinics
Nephrologist
Wadaj, Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad
Vadaj Orthopaedic Hospital
Vadaj, Ahmedabad, Ahmedabad
View Clinic
Aashray Dental Clinic And Orthodontic Centre-Vadaj
Vadaj, Ahmedabad, AhmedabadChristopher Slater's official website
Becoming an author was an accident. Being a writer was on purpose.
Pup was the Nook Daily find on March 16th, 2016, propelling it to number 11 in Nook sales
“Pup is such a fun read... give this strong debut a spot on your bookshelf”
“This novel... delivers a true sense of human nature”
“It’s the story of one man being in the wrong place at the right time to make a difference in the lives of those he serves with!”COLLECTION OVERVIEW
Title: Notes and Memos, 1971-1988
Archives Record Series: 14/06/03
Creator: Department of Philosophy and Religion, UNI
Date: 1971-1988
Extent: 0.209 linear feet, 1 box
Repository: Special Collections and University Archives, Rod Library, University of Northern Iowa.
Language: This material is entirely in English.
Access and Use: There are no restrictions on the use of this material.
Preferred citation: [Identification of item] in the Notes and Memos collection, 1971-1988, Archives Record Series 14/06/03, [folder number], University Archives, Rod Library, University of Northern Iowa
Scope and content: This collection contains informational notes and memos from the Department of Philosophy and Religion from 1971-1988,
Inventory:
Box 1
The notes and memos
Finding aid created by Library Associate Dave Hoing, July 2017. Updated January 2018 (dh). Linear feet updated on September 14, 2017.1,140,641 members
MIS334
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (8)
MIS334 is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in MIS334
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
1 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate MIS334?
Add MIS334 to your subjects
You can add MIS334 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for MIS334
0 reviews
Where are classes for MIS334?
Easy, get a great map app for Charles Sturt Uni., including locations for classes in MIS334.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for MIS334
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for MIS334
0 tutors available for tutoring MIS334Become a tutor for MIS334
1 tutor search for MIS334!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.We're here for you. Your personal admission representative can answer your questions, offer advice and guide you through the admission process. We understand selecting a college is a big decision. It doesn't have to be a stressful one. We hope to hear from you!
Transfer Students
Find your admissions counselor here >Alentejo, Portugal
Uploaded: Jul 15, 2015
Views: 32
Likes: 21
Tags: jorgemaiaphotographer, portugal, landscape, fields, sky, clouds, shadows, trees, grass
you can see everything
by PeterAngelo
Sky,clouds and trees
by SumeaSaira
Sky, clouds and trees silhouette
by is
see sightseeing landscape sunset pink orange blue sky clouds water
by ZebraBandit
Sunrise #1
by IannisK“Chortek’s cybersecurity assessment helped me professionally respond to customers about what Crossmark Graphics is doing to keep their data safe by giving me a comprehensive overview of our cyber risk.”
“Thanks to Chortek for their guidance and support. Who ever thought that a professional services CPA and strategic business advisory partner would be such an important ingredient in world-class beer? “
“I highly recommend Chortek. More than any other potential VAR, Chortek put in the time and effort to understand our unique business model and prepared the most competitive system proposal to meet our needs.”
“It’s been a wonderful relationship. They know our business.”
“Chortek is the best bang for the buck you can get on the market today. We recommend Chortek to our bank customers.”
“Chortek has made a positive difference to the Mandel Group. Listening through our questions and really looking for a solution rather than putting a band aid on things.”Morgan wanted to make Bliss Balls the other day. How could I say no?
To make Bliss Balls:
- 3/4 cup sprouted buckwheats (toasted or dehydrated)
- 1/2 c raw almond butter
- 1/2 cup tahini
- 1/4 cup pine nuts or hemp.
For more information about me, please visit my personal site at!
Have a beautiful day!
Advertisements
Greetings! Very helpful advice within this article!
It’s the little changes that produce the largest changes. Thanks a lot for sharing! okay with you. Thanks!
Sure you can! Hope you have a beautiful day! Thanks, MichelleActivity from motty
Displaying post 1 to 21 of 21 from music
Your Racist Friend
My contribution to the MeFi Flood Covers project.
Electioneering
Not my favourite Radiohead tune, I'll tell you that much.
Festival Of Fools
Dedicated to anyone who has ever been to a music festival in the UK and ended up feeling utterly miserable.
The Ghost Of Emma Goldman
Based on a true story.
What Kelly Knew
My first new song in ages. It's about Dr David Kelly.
The Night They Closed The News Of The World Down
A filk dedicated to Andy Coulson and all at the News of The World, may it rot in peace.
Sweet Sister Starlight
Säkkijärven Polkka
An improvisational rendition of the classic Finnish folk tune on piano and bass, folk jazz style.
Fever
Delaytastic mix.
Mistress Song (Rough Mix)
I posted a live version of this before, but this is a new and very rough mix of a studio version.
Sweetness
Split up with her yesterday. Wrote this today.
Take Five Take Two
I posted a playalong for Take Five which I recorded a little while back. This is me playing along. I'm kind of new to the sax.
Take Five
Since I recently started learning alto sax, I've been trying to learn the well known Paul Desmond standard Take Five, but don't have a playalong for it. So tonight I made one. This is it.
Spellbound
Another of the tunes from my band's live recording session this past July.
Mistress Song
I played a gig last week with a violin player and a bassist and they recorded it. This is one of the tunes.
Whisky For My Toothache
Been a long dry spell in terms of writing.
Spider Song
A demo recorded in a hurry.
L'echarpe perdu
One of the sillier songs from my album "Bless Your Heart", remixed by Daren Callow (uploaded with permission).
Nothing's Any Fun Any More
I spent my twenties and the early part of my thirties smoking far too much weed. There is nothing wrong with weed, but there is something wrong with too much of it. A cautionary tale
Freezeframe Shutters
I am not sure how this happened.
Valentine's Day
A miserable if timely dirge I wrote ages ago.
Page: 1If you check out the watermarks on these, you’ll notice that most of them were taken by Manuela! The ones that weren’t actually taken by her were all her idea, but were taken by my camera because we needed to work with a higher ISO. I told her before the session that I’d act as HER assistant, for once, and here are the beautiful results. I think I may just stay home next time. 🙂
Beautiful job, Manuela! He is precious! I love the desk photo and the one with A & A.What Flavor Does Your City Love Most?
We know, we know: you scream, I scream, we all scream for ice cream — but guess what? When it comes to specific Ben & Jerry’s flavors, nearly every city across the country yodels a different tune!
That’s right, folks — we did a little research to see what flavors each city spoons up most enthusiastically (compared to the national average), and we uncovered a few surprises. So before you take a peek at this cool map we made to see what flavor tops the charts in your city, take a quick guess about your hometown’s preferences. (Go on; we’ll wait.)
Whaddya think? Is your city leading the nation in Chubby Hubby? Driven by Blondie Ambition? Got a seriously sweet Core to contend with? Here’s the flavor-by-flavor breakdown to each city’s favorite Ben & Jerry’s flavor.
Boston, MA
Swing, batta, batta! We could argue that the reason Bostonians eat 8.5 times the national average of Cake Batter is due to their undying support of the Boston Red Sox—but really, we’re pretty sure it’s the similarity to Boston Cream Pie that has the locals going loco for this flavor. (Just don’t tell them that their signature “pie” is actually cake…or that Ben & Jerry’s already has that one covered.)
Chicago, IL
When you live on the edge of a massive lake that turns into a sheet of ice for several months of the year, you learn to be open-minded about all things frozen — which may be why Windy City residents have gone nuts for our new Chunky Monkey Non-Dairy. (Cuz everyone should have an opportunity to embrace the cold, right?)
Columbus, OH
There’s an ongoing debate over whether or not Ohio is considered part of the Midwest — which may be why they spoon up 50 percent more Cookies & Cream Cheesecake Core than most of the country: It’s half good old-fashioned Heartland (cookies & cream) and half trendy Northeast (cheesecake). And at its core, it’s allllll good.
Denver, CO
It doesn’t surprise us in the least that Strawberry Shortcake Greek Frozen Yogurt tops the charts in Denver. A little hippy-ish, a little fruity and a lot creamy — this one was made for the Mile-High City.
Detroit, MI
Detroit, you really surprised us here. We had you picked for a hardworking, no-frills kinda pint — maybe Chocolate Fudge Brownie? — but you wowed us with a strong showing for Raspberry Fudge Chunk Greek Frozen Yogurt. You go, Detroit.
Houston, TX
It makes perfect sense that the state that claims the sour cream-filled Texas sheet cake as its unofficial dessert would go crazy for the creamy, chocolatey Cheesecake Brownie Ben & Jerry’s — and by a whopping 63 percent above the national average! Everything’s bigger in Texas, indeed.
Indianapolis, IN
With a nickname like the “Crossroads of America,” we’ll totally stand behind your love of Cookies & Cream Cheesecake Core, Indy-dwellers. Sweet, a bit wholesome and good to the core.
Jacksonville, FL
We commend you, Jaxsons, for being able to overlook the Great Fire of 1901 (which started in a kitchen!), to stand behind a classic like Cake Batter. We promise not to burn it…
Las Vegas, NV
We may not have the glitter and glitz of your hometown, but at Ben & Jerry’s we’re still applauding the Flavor Guru who decided to buck convention and leave the batter uncooked in Brownie Batter Core. Glad you agree, LV.
Los Angeles, CA
Our hearts got a little melty when we realized that, beneath your celebrities, your sprawling freeways, your Hollywood blockbusters — lies a city that still cherishes a good old-fashioned Banana Split. Ah, nostalgia.
Louisville, KY
Ok, we admit it: we totally had you picked for Butter Pecan. But you’re dipping a spoon into Cookies & Cream Cheesecake Core 37 percent more often than the rest of the country (falling second only to Columbus). Totally counts as slugging, no?
Milwaukee, WI
The Iowa State Fair might get all of the publicity (that butter sculpture though!), but we think the cake bake-off competition at the Wisconsin State Fair might have inspired some of the love for Cake Batter in your fair city.
Minneapolis, MN
There’s no judging — but a whole lotta loving — for Chubby Hubby in your city. Hey, gotta stay warm during those long, cold winters somehow, right?
Nashville, TN
Nashville, you know all it takes is some crooning — and some spooning — to get by, particularly when you’re dipping into a creamy, fruity pint of Strawberry Cheesecake. (Tunes out, spoons out, Nash.)
New Orleans, LA
Where the jazz is smooth, the ice cream must be smoother — which explains New Orleans’ dedication to Triple Caramel Chunk. Even those fudge-covered caramel chunks go down the Big Easy!
New York, NY
If you can make it here, you can make it anywhere. But first you’re gonna need a spoonful of talent — and a whole lotta Blondie Ambition. And you’ve got that one covered at 12.5 times the national average! (Overachievers.)
Oklahoma City, OK
Peanut butter is totally comfort food, so we’re guessing it’s all OK in OK when the Peanut Butter World comes out.
Philadelphia, PA
Philadelphia Eagles fans know that fall = football season. And that pumpkins = fall. And fall in Philadelphia = about five times the national consumption of Pumpkin Cheesecake. Good gourd!
Phoenix, AZ
With your sunshine-packed climate, it’s no wonder you love to spoon up Strawberry Shortcake Greek Frozen Yogurt by the pint-full, Phoenix. Is that why everyone’s moving there these days?
Portland, OR and San Diego, CA
We hate to break it to you, Portland and San Diego — but you’ve got an ice-cream crush on an East Coast kinda flavor. It’s ok, though; we’ll keep the Boston Cream Pie coming just as long as you need it.
San Francisco, CA
OK, San Fran: we know you’ve had to share Cherry Garcia with the rest of the country for years, which is why we salute your heartfelt love for Pumpkin Cheesecake. Hey, we didn’t even know fall was a thing in SF — but we’re glad you’re claiming it as your own.
Seattle, WA
We know, we know. The rain does nothing for your blonde highlights — so we’re stoked to see you scooping up 15 times the national average of Blondie Ambition! Go get ’em, Emerald City.
Washington, DC
Yep, the city feels a little empty when the interns leave the Hill. But that doesn’t seem to be stopping any year-round residents from scooping up more than their fair share of Pumpkin Cheesecake during the fall. Gives a whole new meaning to the start of a new season — er, session.?The England Cricket Board today announced their 15-Men squad for the Champions Trophy 2017. England, who will be hosting the Champions trophy in June have selected a competitive pack of players despite some names could not make it to the final 15.
“We have made encouraging progress over the past 18 months in white ball cricket and the squads selected reflect consistency and give options across all disciplines,” James Whitaker, the England cricket selector, said. “It is pleasing that Mark Wood and David Willey have returned to full fitness. They add variety and quality to our bowling strengths and David’s ability as an attacking batsman is also an important element for us.”
Here’s England’s squad for the Champions Trophy :
Steven Finn misses out his chance to be in the team as Jake Ball is preferred over him who made his debut against Bangladesh last year, Bagging some impressive wickets including a 5-wicket haul.
Mark Wood comes back as his fitness was an issue but James Whitaker confirmed that he’s fully fit. David Willey who missed England’s tour to West Indies due to an injury is however also declared fit and will be part of the England squad in the Champions Trophy.
England, who are probably one of the finding nations for the game of the cricket have never shown full potential in most of the One Day tournaments in the cricket history. Their best achievements in the One Day tournaments are finishing 5 times as runner-ups in the final ( 2 times in Champions Trophy ) has given them a tag of ” Final Bottlers ” which they are ambitious enough this time to take it off and win glory at home. England has focused more on test cricket in their history but those disappointing side effects from World Cups and Champions Trophy’s performance led the board to work on the shorter formats cricket on every prospect. With the help of Royal London One-Day Cup, many new names were introduced to the England Cricket. Mark Wood, Jason Roy, Sam Billings and Jake Ball are one of them. England have really improved their team and developed in the short format cricket and now has an ”All-Rounder” team and will be one of the best team in Champions Trophy if they continue their current winning form.
Eoin Morgan will lead England in the Champions Trophy. England will face Australia, Bangladesh and New Zealand in the group stage. England will start their Champions Trophy campaign against Bangladesh on 1st June, 2017 at the Oval.
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.
You have Successfully Subscribed!
.
All the best to you and yours, Steve. I hope you have a splendid time away from work. Thanks.
p.s., note to self, must start THE GIRL WITH THE DRAGON TATOO before summer ends ;-).
Thanks very much, Michael. I'm sure we'll have a nice week and chance to rest up.
It sounds like you've got a great time planned.
Thanks, Keith. Enjoying it.You are in Accommodation > Greater Colombo > Ratmalana > Houses > Semi furnished 2 spacious bedroom AC & fan/Living room/kitchen/bathroom for rent
Type:
House
Rate: Rs. 33,000 Per Month
Rooms: 2
Sleeps: 4
Bills included? No
Property details.
Closer to Mount Lavinia, Moratuwa Quiet calm respectable area. Good for working couple/executives, (2 can share), university students, Project office. small family.
Available Semi furnished apartment type with Split AC, Fan, wall unit, pantry cupboard only. (Its for rent). No furniture. CCTV Cameras.
Spacious 2 bedroom, Spacious living room and open kitchen, large L shape Balcony and 1 bathroom.
High wall separate unit with separate entrance. quiet and calm residential area.
Separate electricity meter.
Ground floor, fully furnished holiday home.
parking available.
Rental rates:Rent Rs. 33000/= (US$ 220).
4 months refundable security deposit.
To book/reserve please contact:
back to results
All ads are completely free!New Study from AARP Shows the Impacts of the Mortgage Crisis on Older Americans
AARP’s Public Policy Institute released a new research study, Nightmare on Main Street: Older Americans and the Mortgage Market Crisis. This is the first study to measure the effects of the mortgage crisis and declining property values on individuals age 50 and older. The authors reveal that the foreclosure crisis had a serious impact on older Americans, with foreclosure rates and mortgage debt increasing rapidly among this population.
According to the report, more than 1.5 million homeowners age 50 and older lost their homes from 2007 to 2011, and as of December 2011, approximately 3.5 million people over the age of 50, or 16% of all borrowers over 50, owe more on their home than it is worth. The foreclosure rate for people age 50 and older increased from 0.3% in 2007 to 2.9% in 2011, with the highest rate of foreclosure (3.2%) among people age 75 and older. The percentage of loans held by people age 50 and older that were seriously delinquent, meaning they were either in foreclosure or 90 or more days delinquent, increased from 1.1% in 2007 to 6.0% in 2011. Although such delinquency is more frequent among borrowers under 50 for all years studied, the rate of increase is higher among the 50 and older population.
The authors found that for all loans among the 50 and older population in 2011, 53% of foreclosures occurred on loans where borrower income was between $50,000 and $124,999 and 32% occurred where borrower income was less than $50,000, indicating that the majority of older borrowers who are in foreclosure typically have low or middle incomes.
The authors suggest that the majority of these findings can be attributed partly to the fact that the homeownership rate for people age 50 and older is almost 80% and the percentage of people carrying mortgage debt into retirement and the amount of that debt have steadily increased over the past 20 years. This is especially true among those people age 75 and older. Unfortunately, it is also true that households headed by someone 75 or older are facing declining incomes and have a harder time recovering from the loss of a home since they cannot easily go back to work. The authors suggest solutions, such as expanding access to mortgage counseling programs and developing more rent-to-own and foreclosure mediation programs.
The authors conclude that the housing market crisis is far from over. Because many older homeowners rely on home equity to finance their needs in retirement, staying in their homes is a struggle.
The data in this study come from Corelogic, a provider of mortgage loan origination and performance data.Revenue Class: Local Taxes
Fund: General
Account No.: 31300
Description: Revenue received from interest on delinquent property tax payments.
Authorization: T.C.A. § 67-1-701 et seq.; T.C.A. § 67-1-801 et seq.; T.C.A. § 67-5-2010.
Requirements or Restrictions: N/A
Current Rate: Interest of 1.5 percent imposed on March 1 and on the first day of each additional month, except as otherwise provided in reference to municipal taxes.
Frequency of Payment: N/A
Late Pay Penalty: N/A
Exemptions: For cities in any county having a population of not less than 24,600 nor more than 24,700 according to the federal census, upon approval by two-thirds of the governing body, the rate of interest may be reduced to an amount not less than 12 percent per year in the aggregate. In addition, members serving in the armed services in an active hostility outside the U.S. have additional time before interest accrues. T.C.A. § 67-5-2011.
Collection: Interest is collected, along with delinquent property taxes. T.C.A. § 67-5-2001 et seq.
Use Restrictions: None.The Real Housewives of Orange County has a new addition to the cast this season!
To help prepare you for Monday’s season 11 premiere, here are five things you need to know about the new Housewife, Kelly Dodd.
1. She was approached for the Bravo reality series previously.
“I was approached three years ago for the show,” Dodd told PEOPLE at the RHOC premiere party in Los Angeles on Thursday.
Ultimately, “it wasn t a good time,” admits Dodd. But now, she’s joining the show with friend and RHOC cast member Meghan King Edmonds.
“Meghan said last year was a blast. [She asked me]: ‘Why don’t you do it?’ ” explained Dodd. “And they approached me again, and I was like, ‘Let’s do it. What do I have to lose?’ ”
RELATED VIDEO: Does Heather Dubrow Think Vicki Gunvalson’s RHOC Friendships Can Be Saved?
2. Meghan told her to watch out for costar Vicki Gunvalson.
“I told her to watch out for Vicki,” Edmonds shared at the party. “And I told her, ‘Be honest. Be yourself. Give everybody a fair chance.’ ”
3. She’s steeled for drama.
Teased Dodd: “I’ve had a really, really, really rough season,” butting heads with “Shannon Beador big time. Heather [Dubrow] a little bit, and Tamra [Judge] a little bit,” she admitted.
And the ladies’ trip to Ireland “got pretty gnarly,” said Dodd, “It was a bunch of drama so things turned.”
4. Her husband is a toy executive.
“When they approached me again to do the show my family was like, ‘Oh my God. Do it! Do it! Let’s get all on board,’ ” said Dodd, who added that at first, her husband, Michael, was “kind of hesitant” when she decided to do the show.
However, her daughter said, ‘Oh mom! Do it!’ ”
5. She liked her first experience on reality television.
“It’s been so much fun. So exciting,” said Dodd. “It’s a world of something I never experienced and a great time really.”
The Real Housewives of Orange County returns Monday at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo.Paxton Rain Defender Heather Gray Heavyweight Hooded Sweatshirt - Large
100615034
Paxton Rain Defender Heather Gray Air Shipment RestrictedN
- Acme Tools Brand NameCARHARTT
- Acme Tools Part Number100Actor Sidharth Malhotra, who is currently prepping for Karan Malhotras Warrior remake, has yet another interesting film in his kitty along with Vikramaditya Motwanes Bhavesh Joshi.The romantic film which spans across timelines, is a love story with a twist, reportedly about a time-traveller.Sidharths next film will be directed by debutante Nitya Mehra and co-produced by Farhan Akhtar, Ritesh Sidhwani and Sidharths mentor, KJo.Confirming the news , Ritesh Sidhwani said, Yes, Sidharth is on board and Karan Johar too. Karan is a good friend and weve been talking about collaborating on a film for quite some time now.Sidharth Malhotra was last seen in the movie Ek Villain in which his role was totally different than what he has played in his earlier films.Sidharth made his debut in Bollywood with Karan Johars Student Of The Year which also had Alia Bhatt and Varun Dhawan.Sidharth has come up as one of the promising actors in the recent time.Famed 'Afghan girl' Sharbat Gula finally gets a home
Imran escapes disqualification, Tareen ineligible for public office
K-P tops in district education rankings
Pope says Satan is more intelligent than humans
Nokia 8 officially launched in Pakistan as market size increases
Pakistan outranks India, Bangladesh in mobile internet speed
PM Abbasi refutes NA speaker’s views on assemblies’ fate
Spot-fixing in Ashes: ICC ready to investigate English tabloid revelations
Fawad Khan comes in sixth in the Sexiest Asian Men list
One million people likely to lose their homes in Karachi
A nightingale rises from ashes of Swat's once-thriving music community
'Feminism' is US dictionary 'Word of the Year'
Trump slams 'fabricated stories' of his women accusers
Accountability court declares Ishaq Dar an absconder
Is Pakistan really snatching IT jobs from India?
Two soldiers martyred as terrorists attack army vehicle in North Waziristan: ISPR]This bank holiday weekend, saw the re launch of (what do you mean you have never been!)
Its my video bloging/vidcast site, where every week( or at least every week for the past six months bar one) I post a new video on one of the coffees we stock.
The response has been amazing with 10,000’s of downloads through itunes. But the website has no where near as many views, so I reckoned on a bit of a spruce up there may help things along.
Let me know what you think through the normal channels, I’d be most grateful.
About the author Has Bean steve
Top 10 of 2017
Merry Christmas 2017
Merry COFFEE !!Seems like Motorola is preparing to gain some mote customers, specially in the emerging markets. The Motorola Moto E3/ E3 Power is currently the entry level smartphone in Motorola's product lineup. Now it seems the company is planning to introduce another entry level device for first time buyers in countries like India,Branding
The following information refers to designations and branding for joint Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS members.
Branding Designations
Individual designations
The individual designations of Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS members are as follows:
Fellow — FSCSI/FRICS
Member — MSCSI/MRICS
Associate — AssocSCSI/AssocRICS
Note: Associates are not Chartered.
Practice designations
If your practice provides surveying services in construction, land or property, it may use ‘chartered surveyors’ with its name if:
You are a sole principal, or at least 50% of the practice's partners or directors are fellows or professional members
No partners or directors have previously been expelled from the Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland or RICS and been refused reinstatement.
Branding
Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS members have the right to use the logos as part of their membership. Both logos must be used in one of the approved lock-up formats.
Note: Trainees are not deemed to be members and as such are not permitted to use the logo.
Personal use of the logo
As a Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS member, you have the right to use the logo on personal stationery (e.g. business cards) whether you are a partner, director or employee.
This applies to all qualified members, Fellows (FSCSI/FRICS), Professional Members (MSCSI/MRICS) and Associate Members (AssocSCSI/AssocRICS).
When organisations can and cannot use the logo
A practice providing independent surveying services in construction, land or property to the public can use the logos on its stationery (e.g. corporate letterheads, websites, marketing materials).
However, these organisations must:
have one or more chartered or associate surveyor directors or partners involved in surveying activity; or
be a department within an organisation where a fully qualified Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS member is the director or manager.
Please note that there are strict brand guideline rules which set out the format and positioning of the logos. The Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland and RICS logos must appear in one of the prescribed ‘lock-up’ formats at all times.
Brand Guidelines
Click here to download the Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland FULL brand guidelines.
An abridged version is available here Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland Brand Guidelines for Members. Please click here.
High Resolution Logos
- To download a zip file containing the logos for printing please click here.
- To download the ‘Check. They’re Chartered.’ Strapline, please click here
Members of the Society of Chartered Surveyors Ireland who are not RICS members should contact us directly in relation to branding.
Corporate Colours
The pantone colours are as follows: purple (Pantone 269C), burgundy (Pantone 216C), orange (Pantone 158C) and grey (Pantone 432C).
Please note that former IAVI or SCS logos cannot be used.
If you have any queries please contact communications@scsi.ieHello, lovelies! In a previous blog post I provided the following recipe for a daily moisturizing spritz:.
I want to update step 3. Two tablespoons of vegetable glycerin is too much. I would change that to one teaspoon. A little vegetable glycerin goes a long way. While the spritz moisturized my hair, it kept my hair in a constant shrunken state. Case in point: I’d leave the house with a bomb afro. By the time I’d make it to work, my afro would be reduced to a small packed down fro. Not cute.
Apologies to anyone who may have used the previous recipe I provided with not so great results. Always feel free to adjust recipes to fit your hair needs. No two heads of hair are alike! *Kisses*Two Trees in the Garden January 7, 2018 Pastor Jamey VanGelder *Main In this message Pastor Jamey teaches from Genesis 2:15 on mankind’s pursuit of wisdom and how it is found in the person of Christ. On a mobile device? Get The House Podcast App here! Or subscribe via iTunes here!.
3 Replies to “Why low taxes “benefit” the rich”
Will read more later.
Can,t you make case fpr large tax benefiting little guy saying, sweden.
Phone keyboard crap in keyboard mode
You must log in to post a comment.Run!!!: Surviving the Bolts on a DiveIntroduction Today was the day I realized I need to get better acclimated with hiking during severe thunderstorms. I think that it is going to be quiet hard for me climbing in Colorado during the monsoon. The big case and point was the trip put forward. It had been nearly a year since I have even heard thunder. In Seattle thunderstorms rarely come by and when they do they are usually not very strong. This spring and summer have been unusually cool and damp but for the most part there have not been any thunderstorms around. But unfortunately I have to catch a bad break and land into what might have been one of the only thunderstorms in western Washington the entire month of June. It was another cool day in Seattle and my new hiking partner, Jordan and I were heading off for some larger mountain in the Crystal Mountain area. We had some unfinished business for our last adventure and we wanted to finish up what we start on this mountain. Unfortunately as we were heading up to Enumclaw all that we could see were mountains surrounded by rain and snow clouds. It looked like heading up in the high terrain was going to be miserable at best and risky at worse. By the time we hit Enumclaw we decided to make the decision not to go up into the high terrain on this day. It was too risky and clearly there would be little in return. Decision Time But both of us wanted to make something of the day so we decided to hike some smaller hills. I thought that this would be the safe yet fulfilling way to make the most of the day. Hitting the storm The walk up was rather uneventful. The showers stopped for a brief bit and the sun came out on occasion. Jordan and spent most of the walk up focusing on his future trip to Nepal and Mount Rainier while I was giving him pointers about what to do for the big mountain. Within 40 minutes we were on the summit and taking in the views of fellow summits, distant clouds and potential storms. Staring At Our Fate! There was one storm west of us off in the distance that started to look very ominous. The cloud was quiet dark and you could clearly see both rain and hail coming from the cloud. At one point I gave a look to Jordan and joked at the fact that the summit looked like a good place to view a tornado and that the cloud off in the distance looked like it could potentially drop one. Then I looked at the cloud and realized it was heading this direction. From what I could see it looked like we had substantial time before it hit us. There was also no thunder at the time. Still we both looked at the cloud and knew it was time to head on off the peak. This doesn't look good!!!! We hike back down at a moderate pace. I don't think any of us expected what we were about to get coming around the corner. Quickly the sky began to darken up, Jordan and were going a good pace but we pretty involved in a discussion about Rainier and ironically about weather. Then came the first very close loud bolt of lightning! It was the first bolt I have heard in 2011 and one I hope not that noise again. Bolting From the Bolts Realizing we were high on this slope and that we were good targets for a lightning bolt we knew it was time to bolt for the car. With the first bolt we started to take a quick jog down the jeep path. Then came the second large crash of lightning. This bolt was real close and we knew we were in trouble. I turned to look up the swirling cloud and I knew it was time to run for it. At this point I could the static in the air and the only thought that was coming in my mind was the thought of pray that I might be the next one hit. The wind now was picking up from the storm and it was beginning to rain. My nerves were clearly on edge here. A part of me wonder if this is because of the fact that the Puget Sound area doesn't see a lot in the way of thunderstorms and I have become very soft to the weather. No time to be thinking though because getting to the car was the first thought on my mind. While the first two bolts certainly woke me up to the fact that I knew we were in a bad situation it was the third close bolt that really caused us to run off the mountain. At this point both rain and some pea size hail was starting to hit us and when I looked up in the sky all I could see was a dark cloud parked right over us and a wall of precipitation about to hit us. Despite running out of breath partly from panic I knew only that I had to continue to car. Finally I hit the car just when the precipitation really began to hit. Jordan followed shortly behind me. Though only getting in the car seconds after I did he was much more wet than I was due to the wall of rain hitting just before he hit the car. Once we got in the car Jordan and I made a quick decision to bail on the bigger Pinnacle Peak (Mount Pete) and head on back. What was supposed to be a quick and easy summit day became quiet an adventure on a summit that is only as of being lazy walk up. Conclusion: There was no Round Two Once in the car it was neat to look at the storms hitting both the peaks. Down in Enumclaw it was raining heavy but the weather was not nearly as threatening as it was on the mountain. Once past the town of Enumclaw the rain stopped and by the time we hit the Seattle metro area the sun was out yet again. I turned on the news only to realize it was only that area that got the stronger storm. A part of me was still thankful that the mountain wasn't higher. Now in what was only supposed to be a simple light hike turned out to be an eye opener. ImagesMcAfee Antivirus Support – 0-800-368-7760 The McAfee Support Experts working at PCTECH24 founds that many of the customers are facing ‘McAfee Antivirus is Using 100 CPU and Memory’ problem and therefore provided the guidelines to get rid of the same. The main goal of our technical customer support experts is to help the users in enjoying […]
!
The color looks beautiful and smooth from the picture. In my opinion, the product is worth trying for every girl. It would look more informative if you can add more details of the product.
The color of this nail polish is very nice. Grey is my favorite one. But the good thing of this nail color brand is its very smooth just like your nails.
I've just decided to create a blog, which I have been wanting to do for a while. Thanks for this post, it's really useful! chicago kitchen sink countertop installersTo eliminate the monetary independence of 17 sovereign countries and create a major new world currency is a pretty big undertaking.
It would be well, you might reasonably think, to take special care to do it properly.
Nevertheless, it was arrogantly assumed that political will would overcome all problems.
Moreover, although there was political will aplenty, it wasn’t at all clear what was willed. For no one was ever asked to sign up to the whole caboodle.
What was on offer was always monetary union lite.
The fabled political will was more like political wishful thinking. European politicians completely failed to grapple with the essential logic of monetary union.
Unravelling an economy with an interlinked crisis - Telegraph
Inga kommentarer:
Skicka en kommentarResource CenterAs the category leader in improving human mobility and unlocking human potential, ROMP is committed to continually improving its operations and sharing the lessons it learns with the wider rehabilitation, public health, and product development communities.
In the ROMP Resource Center, you will find some of the key studies that have shaped our approach, and some of the most important tools we use in the field. We invite you to take a look through these materials and find inspirations or strategies that might be applied to your specific project or organization. Please send us a message if you have any thoughts, questions, or ideas.
Please send us a message at info@rompglobal.org if you have any thoughts, questions, or ideas.
Reports
Community-Based Rehabilitation for People with Amputation in Guatemala: Situation Analysis and Recommendations
This study was conducted by ROMP in 2017 with the aims of developing a better understanding of the needs and desires of people with amputation in Guatemala, and creating recommendations for a community-based rehabilitation (CBR) program that addresses those needs and and desires. It contains deep, qualitative insight into the life of the person with amputation in Guatemala and lays out a roadmap for the ROMP Program on CBR.
Guatemala National Disability Survey (ENDIS 2016) Survey Report
This study was conducted by the Guatemalan National Council for the Care of People with Disabilities in 2016, with technical support from the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. It contains wide-ranging, quantitative insight into the prevalence and impact of disability in Guatemala. This report was particularly important in corroborating the qualitative findings of the situation analysis described above.Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Washington, will head to the Interior Department in the new Trump administration. (Photo by Gage Skidmore, Wikipedia Creative Commons)
Mark Trahant / Trahant Reports
Washington Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers is President-elect Donald J. Trump’s choice to head the Department of the Interior. If confirmed by the Senate, she would managed federal lands, including those that produce energy, as well as national parks. She would be oversee the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
McMorris Rodgers has all the necessary qualifications: Pro oil and gas development? Check. Climate change skeptic? Check. Skeptical about federal land ownership in the West? Check.
And, if you need one more check mark, her record in the House does not reflect her being a particularly close ally of tribes from the Republican side.
The Violence Against Women Act is one example. In 2013, McMorris Rogers met with Deborah Parker, then vice chairman of the Tulalip Tribes, where they explored language that would get Republican support and open tribal jurisdiction on domestic violence. But when Rep. Tom Cole’s alternative bill surfaced that did just that, McMorris Rodgers voted no. Slate magazine said he dismissed tribal concerns as “a side issue” and voted the party line against the Violence Against Women Act.
The most problematic issue for Northwest tribes might be salmon.
She describes herself as “a champion of our dams and the power they produce.” She recently told Washington Ag Network: .”
But will salmon recovery continue without removing dams on the Snake River? A federal judge in May rejected the government’s recovery plan and said the government had to calculate at least the potential of removing dams.
An irrigation group responded by calling for the government to give up on salmon and declare the species extinct (using an odd provision in the Endangered Species Act that assembles a committee, “the God squad,” to make a determination that nothing more can be done to save salmon). Darryll Olsen, representing The Columbia-Snake River Irrigators Association, said in the Tri-City Herald, that “the association is hoping for a fair and equitable ruling that would end a cycle of repeated litigation, and escalating and more expensive plans for what is already the most extensive fish protection and enhancement program in the world.” The debate pits salmon recovery against the four Snake River dams that make it possible to barge agricultural products from Lewiston, Idaho, to Oregon ports. And the dams generate inexpensive electricity for some 800,000 Northwest homes.
As a Tri-City Herald headline put it: “People passionate about saving Snake River dams.” But then the newspaper didn’t talk to tribes who are just as passionate about saving salmon.
And, even if the God Squad is assembled, and even if the Snake River salmon are declared extinct, there will be more litigation ahead, including the assertion of tribal treaty rights.
But the Snake River dams will have the best advocate, the Secretary of “Trump’s choice for Interior could risk salmon recovery, treaty rights”Requirements:
- AWS Account
- Pre-paid or credit card linked to AWS Account
- Opted in for EC2 services
This article will take you through the process of connecting your AWS account to CloudMGR. You need to enter your AWS Credentials to begin using CloudMGR with your own data.
Before you get started, ensure that you have your AWS Credentials.
If you need to create a user, follow our Creating IAM Users tutorial.
- Click on the Account link on the top right hand side of the screen.
- Scroll down until you see the Linked Provider Accounts section, then click on Link AWS Account.
- You'll now have a series of fields to enter your AWS credentials into.
- In the Label field enter a name for the account, e.g. CloudMGR. This is a display name for your purposes within CloudMGR.
- In the AWS Key field enter in the AWS Key you got from the AWS console.
- In the AWS Secret field enter in the AWS Secret you got from the AWS console.
- Select a default region from the drop down for this account.
- Click Save.When asked what is the best way to get rid of fat, my most accurate answer is to never get fat in the first place. The problem with body fat is that when you start to accumulate it in large quantities (more than 20lbs over fat), it actually changes your physiology and makes it harder to get rid off. The fatter you are actually, the more likely you are to become even more fat because fat in abundance makes you fatter!
- Fat is the main location of the enzyme aromatase. This enzyme takes androgens like testosterone and converts them into estrogen. The nice thing about testosterone is that it tells satellite cells (the stem cells of your muscle bodies) to become muscle cells, rather than new fat cells. When you have low testosterone and high estrogen because of too much aromatase activity from being over fat, your body will make a larger proportion of new fat cells as opposed to muscle cells.
- Testosterone is also helpful in making your body lean tissues more insulin sensitive. When you are insulin sensitive you store more carbohydrate reservers in the muscle cells for use during exercise etc. When you are over fat, you are low in testosterone because of aromatase converting it to estrogen again, so you muscles are not insulin sensitive. On top of that fat cells also have insulin receptors and so the fuel you should be storing in lean muscle tissue is now being taken up by the fat cells, making them bigger and fatter.
- Fat cells are largely responsible for the production of leptin, the hormone of satiety in your body. Basically leptin helps let you know when you have eaten enough. When you are over-fat, you produce too much leptin to the point that the brains receptors for leptin down regulate and it no longer receives the message that you have eaten enough and are full. The end result is not feeling satisfied from normal meals. Overweight people are not necessarily hungry all the time, but when they eat, they do not get the rewarding feeling of a good meal. This causes them to desire more high carb and junk foods to get this feeling. So being over fat makes you not only eat more, but more importantly make poorer choices of food.
- Fat cells produce cytokines, small, secreted proteins that among other things, produce and regulate immunities and inflammation. When you become over-fat, the increased inflammation leads to increased cortisol, decreased metabolic rate, and increased abdominal fat. This is part of the cascade of metabolic syndrome that leads to insulin resistance, heart and cardiovascular disease. Inflammation also decreases testosterone, growth hormone, and thyroid hormone, leading to muscle loss and fat gain.
- Being over-fat makes you depressed and inactive. Being over-fat usually involves in imbalance in the fats in your body. Diets high in omega-6 and low in omega-3 not only make you fatter, but they damage the brain making you depressed and fatigued. On top of that being over-fat can have a great emotional impact on individuals. Emotions can cause increased cortisol, decreased testosterone, and actually effect blood sugar without eating anything at all. So feeling bad about being over-fat can actually make you more prone to gain fat without ever eating a single calorie!
Too recap, the best way to get rid of fat, is to never let yourself get over-fat in the first place. If you have let yourself get into this viscous cycle, it’s important to use a consistent and intense program of resistance training, a low carb paleo style diet, and proper supplementation to overcome the fattening effects of the fat cells in your body.Synopsis:.
What We Thought:
The Girl on the Train was a big let down. I didn’t read the book so I wasn’t really sure what to expect. I heard comparisons to Gone Girl and I can say those comparisons are drastically off.
Even though I didn’t know what it was really about beforehand, I saw it because I really like the cast. Emily Blunt is one of my favorite leading ladies and Haley Bennett is having a breakthrough year to me. I liked her in both Hardcore Henry and The Magnificent Seven. Plus the rest of the cast consists of Rebecca Ferguson, Justin Theroux, Edgar Ramirez, Luke Evans, Allison Janney and Laura Prepon. Solid cast.
Unfortunately the cast isn’t given much to work with.. Be creative, come up with a new twist.
That’s my biggest complaint with the film, there’s nothing creative or original about it. Blunt plays a wife who couldn’t get pregnant so her marriage falls apart. She becomes an alcoholic and starts stalking her ex-husband’s new family. She’s fascinated with a new couple in a house she sees on the train. All of that could work along with the murder if the killer wasn’t who it is. You lay out this ground work just to go with an old standby. Snore.
I talked to my sister who recently finished the book and she agrees with me on the generic ending. How this book became so popular and then became a movie is beyond me. The Lifetime Channel pumps out this story multiple times a week. Even with a strong cast, the story never gets beyond a made for TV thriller.
Gone Girl has a huge twist that shocked audiences. The Girl on the Train can’t say that. Gone Girl had a thrilling story, a fantastic musical score and tight direction. This can’t say any of that either. In the end it’s just your standard drama with an easy to figure out “twist”.
DISAPPOINTING!
Cast & Crew:
- Emily Blunt
- Haley Bennett
- Rebecca Ferguson
- Luke Evans
- Justin Theroux
- Edgar Ramirez
Recommended If You Like:
- The book it’s based on
Thank you for the review. I was excited enough about the comparisons to Gone Girl and the trailer and I was even thinking about seeing it in a theater but not now.Long product name Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper :
100g/m2, SRA2, Long Grain, ECF, 500 Sheets/Pack, 1 Pack/Box
The short editorial description of Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper
100g/m2, SRA2, Long Grain, ECF, 500 Sheets/Pack, 1 Pack/Box
More>>>
Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper:
The official marketing text of Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper as supplied by the manufacturerX.
Short summary description Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper:
This short summary of the Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper data-sheet is auto-generated and uses the product title and the first six key specs.Xerox Colotech+, Laser printing, 100 g/m², ECF, 500 sheets
Long summary description Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper :
Xerox Colotech+. Recommended usage: Laser printing, Media weight: 100 g/m², Bleach type: ECF. Sheets per pack: 500 sheets
This is an auto-generated long summary of Xerox Colotech+ inkjet paper based on the first three specs of the first five spec groups.EIEC Webinar: State Part C Eligibility Definitions: Who do states make candidates for Part C services?Tuesday, February 26, 2013
4:00pm - 5:00pm ET
Location: Webinar
Description
Researchers have found large discrepancies between states in Part C early intervention eligibility criteria for children with developmental delays. These discrepancies and more will be discussed during this webinar.
Rosenberg and colleagues examined data from the Early Childhood Longitudinal Survey — Birth Cohort and calculated the proportion of children who would be eligible for Part C early intervention based on definitions of delay currently used nationwide. Results indicated that the proportion of children aged 3 years or younger who were likely to be eligible for Part C services ranged from 2% to 78%, and the proportion of children currently enrolled ranged from 1.48% to 6.96%.
The largest discrepancies between the proportion of children who are Part C candidates and the proportion of children enrolled in those services were found in Washington and Michigan, where there are approximately 26 times more candidates than currently are served. Alaska, Arizona, Missouri and Washington, DC, have the most restrictive criteria, serving approximately the same number of children as are estimated to be Part C eligible.
States need to look at the criteria they use to determine which infants and toddlers are eligible for early intervention. They need to ask themselves why they have such broad criteria when they can’t serve all children under 3 years who have severe developmental delays.
Speakers
Cordelia Robinson Rosenberg, PhD, RN, Professor of Pediatrics and Psychiatry Director, JFK Partners University of Colorado School of Medicine
Steven Rosenberg, PhD, Associate Professor of Psychiatry University of Colorado School of Medicine
Discussant
Jeffrey P. Brosco, MD, PhD, Professor of Clinical Pediatrics, University of Miami Associate Director, Mailman Center for Child Development Chair, Pediatric Bioethics Committee, Jackson Memorial Hospital Regional Medical Director, CMS South Region
This webinar is made possible with support from the Administration on Intellectual and Developmental Disabilities and Maternal and Child Health Bureau
Hey, everyone!
This is where I’m supposed to tell you a little bit about myself. Here goes nothing!
My name is Dalal Abou-Jamous and since day one my life has been nothing short of interesting. Born exactly one month and one day before the Gulf War of 1990, my family had to escape the Kuwaiti war zone with my infant-self. Although I can’t remember what it was like driving through the desert in the middle of a war, it’s a story I could hear over and over again.
My family’s courage and heroism saved my life. I truly believe I have the greatest family in the world and for that, I’m blessed.
In my short 20 years I have grown more close to my siblings than I ever thought was possible. I couldn’t stand moving away from my family to study in another state, so I chose the University of Oregon. Even though I hate the weather we experience six months out of the year, I’m both close enough to home and far enough away.
I’ve wanted to plan weddings ever since I saw “The Wedding Planner” with Jennifer Lopez and Matthew McConaughey. It’s my passion to bring visions to life!
I am currently a public relations major and a communication studies minor. I can’t believe how fast the past three years have gone by — my experience as a college student has taught me a lot of responsibilities and I continue to learn and overcome challenges every day.
That’s me in a nutshell; if you have any questions or want to know more, let me know!
Always,
Dalal
Hi, Dalal!
I thoroughly enjoyed reading this blog post. You definitely used the “inverted pyramid” technique with your writing and made me want to keep reading after your first few sentences. Your statements are bold and your story is truly intriguing. Although I can’t necessarily relate to your family experience, I can relate to hating the awful weather in Oregon and your desire to plan weddings after seeing The Wedding Planner! Great job drawing me in!
MaggieFly Emirates
Just to make things interesting, on the very first leg of our journey we arrived to pick Jay up at his house only to be informed by a courteous driver that we had no working lights in the rear of the bus. We booked it back to Carr’s store where our knight in shining armor, Mr. McFall, met us to exchange our mode of transport and handed us a dozen or so Dublin School Winter Warrior hats. Ms. Knapp expertly navigated us to Boston as we sat alertly in our seats waiting to begin our trip.
Fresh from three days of final exams, a NEPSAC play-off win, and the anticipation leading up to the expedition our group entered the terminal at Logan Airport tired, but enthusiastic about what lay ahead. Maybe too enthusiastic. We gathered after checking in, before the security check point, and took count. “Where is Hope?” “Bathroom?” She was nowhere to be found. We proceeded through security and as everyone was slipping on their shoes and belts Jay caught up with Hope at the gate, “Where have you guys been?” she asked. First lesson learned. We found a sandwich shop in our terminal and enjoyed our “last meal,” at least of the American type, and prepared for departure. After months of planning, preparation and anticipation here we were. India or bust!
Comfort and a twelve hour flight aren’t always used in the same sentence, but about three hours in as we finished the first provided in-flight meal, Jay turned back from his seat with a smile and said, “I’m hooked.” Without any prior experience a flight on Emirates is probably seemingly routine, but for anyone that has experienced international flights on another carrier and felt like a sardine in the air, this experience was a welcome reprieve. Although still not overly abundant for the Hunter sized person, the leg room was more than adequate for us averaged sized people. The food was above par for being reheated 35,000ft in the air and the entertainment selection was admirable. If you have the choice, Fly Emirates.
The Dubai Airport, site of our two hour layover, appeared as more of a high end shopping mall than airport. Certainly it is a hub of international exchange as a central geographic point between Africa, Europe and Asia. Various cultures and ethnicities were represented by the people strolling through the terminals past numerous shops offering goods of all makes and models. Brianna found the McDonalds as others made their way to Starbucks. We are well on our way for a multicultural experience and immersion.
Spice of Life
Our first experience of India is that at 2am local time Delhi Airport is a busy place. Not overwhelmingly, but still much more than one might expect for being an ungodly hour that no human should be awake for. Nonetheless, the procedure through immigration, the baggage claim and currency exchange was virtually stress free and we moved off to meet our drivers. We boarded the mini bus as our bags were stuffed into the back and thrown on top. No tie downs? No worries there will be a car following us in case anything falls off.
With the number of people moving throughout the airport still fresh in our minds, the greater quandary was wondering where are all these people driving to? Even before sunrise, the streets of Delhi were packed with everything from bicycles to trucks. In the US, the car horn is a rarely used feature, but in India it is an important form of communication with its own language and connotations. There are no rules of the road but rather survival skills and right of way belongs to anyone that wants it. With competent drivers we made it to our B&B with no problem. Just a couple hours before dawn we took to our comfortable rooms to rest and freshen up.
We were soon called to the Main House for breakfast and we feasted on fresh fruit, cereal, yogurt and eggs. The hospitality was first rate and food just continued to be brought to the table until everyone’s appetite was satisfied. Although not yet 100% awake, we were determined to visit Old Delhi and followed the recommendations of our hostess and headed to the Metro station. Keep in mind that our minds and bodies are not as sharp as they are under normal situations. The group instinctively waited for the train and then as the doors opened slowly proceeded into the car. Unfortunately Cam, Hunter and I were left on the platform as the doors quickly closed.
Jay repeatedly held up two fingers as he mouthed the word “stops” as the train pulled away. The girls and Jay had their attention quickly shift as Taya was handed a small baby as the mom asked, “picture?” The group happily obliged as they took on rock star status. The next stop on this metro line is a major junction and it was here that both groups were joined by the multitudes as they jammed their way onto the train. Of course the doors opened on the left side at the first station, but the right side on the next two. Fortunately for Cam and I, Hunter provided the means of exit as we worked our way to the door and a meeting on the platform with our friends who had made it on the previous train.
Immediately outside the metro station we contracted six rickshaws, partnered up and head out for a tour of Old Delhi. Still just morning, the city was a bustle and we took it all in from the seat of a bicycle powered taxi. Our drivers weaved us through buses, cars and trucks and passed various shops and cafes. Our first destination was the spice market. Since the 14th century they have processing and trading spices from India and around the world in this market. All of our senses were assaulted as our driver/tour guides led us by foot through the market and up to the roof of the building so that we could get a panoramic view of the city and the people moving about below. We literally went in to a coughing fit as we ascended the stairs where a man was sweeping up red pepper dust. We shared the rooftop with men washing for the day and monkeys collecting whatever scraps of food they could scavenge. After some pictures we headed back down and were led through alleys and passageways back to our taxis.
The men then pedaled us through more of Old Delhi to the oldest mosque where we took a few quick pictures. Our final destination was the Red Fort. An old fortification built by the same emperor that contacted the building of the Taj Ma Hal, the Red Fort has been a major center for the evolving history of the city. Our tour guide Rajj took us through some of the buildings and shared its rich history with our group. As afternoon was setting in and jet lag taking its toll we returned to the B&B for a snack and a nap. The rest was much needed as we prepared for the next leg of our journey.
The Long and Winding Road
After a great dinner at the B&B we made our way by bus to the Old Delhi train station. We contracted the services of several coolies to handle our many bags. Jay commented on how seemingly quiet the station was this night and we easily navigated our way to platform 11. Unable to reserve specific seats we were spread amongst two different cars, but we did have groups of two or three and we settled in for the night. The trip was about seven hours and many were able to catch some sleep. Just before we arrived at the final station Jay took many of us to the connecting area between the cars and opened the door so we could stick our heads out and catch the wind in our faces.
We quickly moved through the small station out to the parking lot where we were met by three drivers who would be taking us through the mountain roads to Chaukori. They loaded our bags and we jumped into the cars and took to the road. Immediately we were ascending along narrow and winding roads and were far above the city before the sun rose. It was novel at first. Darting around other cars and trucks, taking tight corners with horns blaring so as to alert our presence we felt like participants in a great race to the top of the mountain. After about an hour and a half we reached a village tucked in a small valley between numerous peaks. Here we stopped for tea and a bite to eat just steps away from a temple where people of the likes of Steve Jobs and Mark Zukerberg have found inspiration to create their empires.
Back in the cars and away we went, up mountains and down mountains, vistas abound with head bobbing and neck twisting as we shot through each corner. After several hours the novelty wore off and we looked forward to this part of our journey ending. We arrived at the Himalayan Inter College to warm smiles and applause. After a long and winding journey half way across the world we found familiarity in a place we had only heard about. We were welcomed with open arms and the Dublin and HIC students quickly bonded, sharing their adolescent commonality as well as stories of the friends we share.Emilia Clarke: We get more air time this series
Emilia Clarke has revealed the stars of ‘Game of Thrones’ get more air time in Season seven.
The 30-year-old actress – who plays Daenerys Targaryen in the popular HBO drama series – is confused as to how she’s landed extra scenes for the upcoming season seven, despite there being three fewer episodes than the previous season.
Emilia is currently learning her lines and admits she’s got her work cut out.
Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, she said: "When I first read this season I thought, ‘Damn, I gotta learn some lines! We’re actually filming longer now. I don’t know how that’s happening."
Similarly, Peter Dinklage, who portrays the character Tyrion Lannister, said he too had more screen time.
He said: "I’ve worked more days this season than I have in quite some time."
But show runner Dan Weiss has explained how the increased demand for certain characters has lead to extra time on screen.
He said: "You kill a couple dozen characters, the people who are left by default need to carry more dramatic weight."
Season six saw stars Ramsay Bolton, played by Iwan Rheon, and Margaery Tyrell played by Natalie Dormer, exit the show and these main characters often held their own stand-alone scenes resulting in the remaining characters having the same amount of screen time to fill between fewer people.
Meanwhile, Kit Harington recently promised the new series of ‘Game of Thrones’ will be "very different" to previous seasons.
The hunky actor – who portrays Jon Snow in the show – says the upcoming seven episodes are much more fast-paced than previous installments of the saga.
He said: "This season is really different than any other season because it’s accelerating toward the end, a lot of stuff collides and happens much much quicker than you’re used to seeing on ‘Thrones’ … It’s so different than what everybody is used to. It’s quite exciting."
Toys You Won’t See Today
Over the years, there have been some questionable, dangerous, and just plain weird children toys to appear on the market. Even if it was kinda fun playing with them, it’s ...!
Related articles
- Custom Modern Nursery Side Table :: Nursery Tuesday (jroxdesigns.wordpress.com)
This is beautiful! My daughter, 11, inherited my childhood furniture set and your “before” looks exactly like her dresser/mirror. This would be a really fun project, if I could get up the nerve! Thanks so much for sharing.
Wow. I just love it all. It is SO beautiful. I’m expecting my first little girl and you have me determined to do something similar. How or where did you find the mirror? You hand-painted it too?
Thank you so much Emily! I actually purchased the mirror with the dresser off of Craigslist. The women who sold it to us actually had the entire set with a second larger dresser and a vanity as well. I wish her room had enough room because the vanity would have been perfect for a little girl to enjoy for many years. I did hand paint the mirror using the same technique as the dresser. We took the glass out from behind the frame and painted it by itself and then put the mirror back on once we were all done. You will have to come back and share your project when you are all done! We would love to see it!!
Thank you guest posting on Point of View this month. The dresser is amazing. I love the bold color you chose and the new handles are so sleek. It’s absolutely perfect!
Thanks Leanne for helping host such a fun party! I’m so honored you guys chose to guest feature me. Thanks again!
xoxo Amber
I am beyond jealous of your Craigslist find! It’s gorgeous!!! Feel free to find me one too. 😉
What a beautiful refinished piece you’ve created. 🙂 I love how you later lined them as well! =DLegendary Christian singer posted a Facebook update that has called hundreds of thousands to pray for the healing of music’s beloved Carman Licciardello. After ferociously and positively battling cancer, Carman has hit a huge speed bump in his road to healing. The evangelist has caught an infection that his rendered him unable to move, and perhaps for the first time Carman’s spirit has been broken.
He posted the following message to his Facebook yesterday:
.”
article courtesy of BreatheCast.comI think it's great that Vogue writers are now talking about dating in Silicon Valley. When I think of Vogue, I think of high fashion... The gal in the article talks about dating in Silicon Valley. She moved here from New York and has seen the same things I've seen - pouting, odds being good, goods being odd, plethora of married men, et al. Basically, although there are more men than women in the San Francisco Bay Area, dating is not easier here.
I think dating might even be harder in Bay Area because the single men women actually want to date are few and far between. I've met plenty of guys who look like they haven't showered in weeks, haven't gotten a haircut in months, and haven't shaved in years. Traditionally speaking, those are not guys women want. Like the author, I've also met many guys who pout when they don't get their way, and expect you to bow down at their accomplishments and bank accounts.
bahahahah.. going to BJ's in Cupertino and expect to pick up guys there is the WORST idea ever! I grew up in Cupertino, it's suburbia where families reside. The people that would be there at that time would be either: 1) just grabbing an after work drink with the team 2) Married people who live in the area.
Single people who work at Apple vacate back to SF or other areas as soon as possible. The author works in fashion and she's complaining about cliques? Come on. If she wants to meet people, she needs to take ownership, stop hiding behind her phone/laptop, learn how to strike up conversations with strangers. Although BJ's is still the worst place ever for what she's looking for...
Thanks, Anon! If I should ever find myself in Cupertino, not going to BJ's!
Dang, the article I posted in response to your last post would have made much more sense here. Oh well.
I absolutely love the phrase: The odds are good but the goods are odd.
However, I beg to differ on your description of what women DON'T want. I actually prefer men who are rough around the edges. Though I may work in the FiDi, I abhor the men/scene here. Pretty boys are gross. Give me a scruffy Mission hipster over these douchebags any day! Haha.
The key takeaway here for me is that you are NOT going to find someone prowling around a bar or on Tinder. You'll find someone in the course of doing things you love. Because not only will you already have something in common, but he'll meet you when you're at your best (because you're doing something you love). That's my $.02.
I thought every one except me had already seen that article? LOL, I can post it.
You like scruffy and clean, not scruffy and unshowered?
That is good advice, thank you! I think the things I love are a bit "girly," which might be problematic, LOL
Maybe you'll find a metrosexual guy who will be perfect for you while doing the girly things you love! ;)
(And yes, scruffy but clean though I don't mind skipping the occasional shower - and I'm anti-cologne.)
Suburbs aren't the best place for young single people, which is why most of us reside in cities. I know a lot of singles that live in Silicon Valley because living in SF too far from their jobs and they don't want to spend 3 hrs a day commuting. But it has to be really hard to meet someone.
I used to think people in the suburbs were worse off when it came to finding other singles. Then I saw this article a few years agoVision:
Sher-E-Bangla Medical College will continue to be a leading medical college in Bangladesh through educational excellence, patient’s centricity and ethical practices to meet the health care needs of the community. The college will enhance our national reputation and expand our global reach as a quality-driven academic health institute through its highly effective and innovative educational programs, outstanding clinical care, services to the community and significance of research.
Mission:
The primary concern of the college is to develop knowledge, skills and attitudes that promote professionalism, team work, life-long learning, empathy, scholarship, cultural sensitivity and leadership with the goal of providing excellence in education, healthcare and research within the commonwealth of Bangladesh and beyond.
Objectives:
The objectives of Sher-E-Bangla Medical College are:
- To educate outstanding and highly skilled doctor’s who will be able to address health problems in their community, conversant with medical ethics and develop positive attitude toward the profession.
- To provide educational opportunities with an international perspective through graduate, post doctoral and other trainee.
- To promote excellence in the education of health care professionals through research in medical science.
- To contribute in spreading and updating medical knowledge and skills among doctors through continuous medical education.
- To be the main source of medical expertise and service delivery for the community in a manner that is consistence with the patient’s needs, values and recognized belief systems.
Values:
- Excellence: consistently achieving outstanding levels of performance while upholding the highest standards of ethical behavior, intellectual honesty, and professional conduct.
- Accountability: accepting individual and collective responsibility for preserving and effectively managing the resources of the College with integrity and honesty.
- Teamwork: encouraging, supporting and valuing the collaborative efforts of faculty, staff, and students to advance the quality of education, research, and patient care.
- Innovation: promoting creativity, discovery, entrepreneurial spirit and the development of ideas that stimulate improvements in our intellectual and operational endeavors.
- Diversity: fostering ethnic, intellectual, social, and cultural diversity.
- Service: maintaining a nurturing and service-oriented environment that exceeds expectations and treats all people with compassion, dignity, and respect.
- Community-focused: demonstrating our concern for the health care needs of underserved communities and advocating for local and national health and public policies directed at improving the status of health of all individuals.This and riders come for the slopes of ancient mountains ground down by glaciers and winter’s thick layer of lake effect snow. During this year’s trip to the Wisconsin-Michigan border area of Hurley-Ironwood, we were welcomed by two-foot snow pack on the slopes softened by fresh, falling flakes. Good news too for the Birkebeiner racers down the road near Hayward, Wisconsin.
Our group is made up of Mount Como ski and board instructors. Every February after the teaching season, a caravan of about twenty of us head for the western edge of UP Michigan. We share a couple of condos in Hurley and put in two full days of skiing. This year, our first day was spent at Blackjack ski resort near Bessemer. It has plenty of terrain, over 20 runs with gorgeous views from the top. The kids love the glades where they can dodge through the trees. There are a few terrain park options and a some black diamond steeps with nice long drops.
I love the hilltop views and I like the long runs so I can work on my form. I am still learning to unlearn what I taught myself when I first strapped on skis. I have a tendency to lean back as if that would put the brakes on a wild out-of-control run. My friend and ski mentor Paul has been patiently teaching me to stay forward on my skis, relax, turn with rhythm and ride the snow with joy (not fear).
It’s not all about the snow at Blackjack. Every year I visit a tiny art gallery at the top of lift one. Before a run down Shanty Girl (left) or Shanty Boy (right), I step out of my skis and visit ski lift operator Mike “Woody” Salli in his hut. He has a sign out and samples of the small wooden charms he carves out of pine. Between pushing buttons to slow or stop the lift, he carves his bibelots, tiny birds and black bears with his puukko. He is always happy and delights in playing the role of classic Yooper, thumbs up and grinning, “Oh yah!”
This year I bought a yellow lion he carved. It sat on the hut’s outdoor window ledge watching, with bright painted eyes, the skiers and perhaps beyond to the sweeping view of forest, hills and pearly gray sky swirling with snowflakes. Woody told me that it was the first lion he ever carved. It looks a lot like the black bear I bought from him a few years ago except for the addition of lines for his mane and long tail and his yellow color.
Woody posed for a few photos in his trademark hat decorated with wooden charms: hearts, fish, crescent moons, etc. and laughed when I admired his work space with his knife and curled wood shavings. He told me that he is featured on a recent episode of American Pickers, a History Channel show about two junk dealers, Frank and Mike, who roam the country looking for “rusty gold” in a van that says Antique Archaeology.
I watched the episode “Woody Wood Picker” (Season 5, episode 7) yesterday and it was fun. Woody lives outside of Wakefield on the family property deep in the woods. Frank and Mike are shown driving forever down a tree-lined road wondering if they are lost and worrying about the loss of cell phone service. When they find Woody, he shows them around the out buildings: an old barn, a trailer, even an old outhouse packed with stuff and junk. The pickers came away with a couple of leather jackets, old lamps and car parts. I loved it when Woody took them into the family sauna. He showed them how the Finns bathe there by heating up and dumping tin buckets of water over themselves.
The lesson in skiing for me is about finding more joy and happiness even when the prospect of a steep slope scares me, even in the long days of winter. I have Woody’s brave lion with the bright eyes and smile to remind me.
Very nice!!
Sounds like a lot of fun.
Is there a way to send Woody a message? I just saw him on American Pickers and I think he is awesome.
I don’t have Woody’s contact info. However, you might try contacting him through the Black Jack ski area where I met him.
Ok, thanks. I am not local though, so would have to be remotely. I was hoping someone could pass a message onto him.
You can contact Mike “Woody” Salli at Box 173 Ulvila Rd, Wakefield, Michigan. Phone is: (906) 224-1121.According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), diabetes affects 25.8 million people, with approximately 90% of all diabetes cases classified as type 2 diabetes. Data indicates that 80% of people with type 2 diabetes are overweight or obese (defined as having a body mass index (BMI) of 30 or higher).
The fact is that lifestyle modification – including weight loss and increase in activity – can slow the progression of the disease and improve blood sugar levels. But how can an HR professional tackle sensitive issues like weight loss or physical activity? A good place to start is creating a supportive work environment – one that offers the resources needed to motivate employees to take control over their health.
“Workplace programs that support activity management, nutrition management and lifestyle behavior change can help employees achieve a healthy and active lifestyle at work and in their everyday lives,” said Colin Watts, President of Weight Watchers Health Solutions.”
Encourage people to take a NEAT break
Research shows that regular activity can help reduce blood sugar levels and improve overall health. But regular activity doesn’t always mean you have to hit the gym. For example, Dr. James Levine, an obesity expert at the Mayo Clinic, advocates incorporating more NEAT (non-exercise activity thermogenesis) activity into the workday, which could include standing up more often, walking around to meet with colleagues in person, or taking the stairs instead of the elevator. While you may not be able to offer everyone a treadmill desk, you can encourage employees to use their breaks to ramp up NEAT activities.
Complete our HR & Recruiting Buyer Survey. Enter to win one of five $25 Visa gift cards. Click here.
Makeover your vending options
Vending machines are integral to many workplaces. When was the last time you took a closer look at the snack options in the machines in your office? If the answer is “never,” now is the perfect time to consider a vending machine makeover, especially given pending legislation that could require virtually all vending machines to post nutritional facts starting in 2015. A lot has changed since the first U.S. vending machine dispensed gum to train passengers in New York City. New technology is enabling more fresh offerings, like fruit or even salads.
Investigate other resources available
Successful programs are those that teach you healthy habits that can be followed wherever you are. The work environment is a start, but it’s just a piece of the entire picture – it’s about how employees apply healthy behaviors in their everyday lives. There is an emerging category of programs on the “care continuum” that can complement employee wellness and disease management programs you might already have in place. For example, Weight Watchers for Diabetes is a new weight management program that combines medical nutrition therapy with the scientifically proven Weight Watchers approach and can strategically fit with a company’s existing diabetes disease management programs, says Jan Veliko, who is a registered nurse, Certified Diabetes Educator and clinical director of the Weight Watchers for Diabetes offering. What makes the program unique is that it provides employees with type 2 diabetes the ability to get personalized coaching from a Certified Diabetes Educator (CDE). The CDEs work one-on-one with employees to create an individualized plan that is built around personal habits – from eating patterns to medications to physical activity. And once the plan is in place, the CDE is available to offer support and ongoing counsel via email or phone.
In the grand scheme, the investments we make to create a supportive work environment and provide tools and knowledge that can be used beyond the office setting have a huge potential return on investment – especially when you think about the tremendous medical costs associated with diabetes and its complications.
What are you doing to support employee health in your workplace?
FTC Disclosure: Blogging4Jobs received compensation for the above blog as part of one of the services Blogging4Jobs offers. Regardless, we only post content that is beneifical to our readers and community. We’re disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commissions 16 CFR, Part 255: Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.Galaxy NGC 5808 Galaxy in Ursa Minor Constellation
Size: 54'' x 54'' Magnitude: 13.5 54.0000 Also known as NGC 5819, CGCG 337-23, IRAS 14540+7319, PGC 53251, UGC 9609
Telescope Simulator
Check how Galaxy NGC 5808 would look like through your camera, eyepiece or binoculars.
This tool was designed to check framing, not visual magnitude. Objects will look dimmer on your eyepiece and binoculars.
Hourly Elevation Jan 16
Galaxy NGC 5808 as seen from Lat. 39.0, Lon. -77.5
Maximum Elevation º at hrs.
Rise: hrs. Set: hrs.
Monthly Elevation
Best period for observing Galaxy NGC 5808 at hours
Data Sheet
21.9
14h 54m 02s14.90075016
73º 07' 54''73.1319427
0.0242
SBbc -
333 M light years
External Research Links
Find out more about Galaxy NGC 5808:
Other Nearby Objects
Deep Sky suggestions around Galaxy NGC 5808:Fresh on the heels of an Empire Center report that said that Riverhead Police salaries are 30 percent higher than the state average, and a Newsday report that ranked Riverhead’s police chief as the highest paid employee in Suffolk County in 2014, Riverhead Councilman John Dunleavy is calling for a salary increase for some employees on Howell Avenue: himself and the rest of the Town Board.
At Thursday’s Town Board work session, Mr. Dunleavy submitted a draft resolution that calls for all elected officials in the town to get a cost of living increase annually in an amount not less than the Consumer Price Index.
These salary increases would be effective for 2017.
“Where the heck did this come from?” Supervisor Sean Walter asked as he read the resolution.
“It came from me,” Mr. Dunleavy said. He added that Town Board members have not received a raise in six years.
“Everybody says this is the poorest town in Suffolk County or on Long Island, yet our supervisor is the highest paid supervisor in Suffolk County,” Mr. Dunleavy said.
“No, I’m not,” responded Mr. Walter, whose annual salary as supervisor is $115,148.
Mr. Dunleavy then produced a list of Long Island supervisors and mayors and their salaries from Monday’s Newsday article — though missed the fact that Huntington Supervisor Frank Petrone surpassed Mr. Walter’s salary.
“I didn’t set my salary,” Mr. Walter said.
Mr. Dunleavy said Riverhead has the lowest paid council members.
“Well, I’ll vote against it,” Mr. Walter said of the resolution calling for annual raises. “If you can get three votes (on the Town Board), go ahead.”
The supervisor said Riverhead doesn’t have the lowest paid council members either, citing Southold Town.
Southold has Town Trustees who make about $19,000 and town Council members who make about $34,000. Mr. Dunleavy said Riverhead’s board members handle the functions of both a councilperson and a Trustee.
Riverhead’s council members earn $48,955, although Councilwoman Jodi Giglio makes $47,598 because she declined to take a raise several years ago. Town Board positions are technically part-time jobs, while the role of supervisor is a full-time one.
A quick check of 2016 budgets of Long Island towns shows that two other towns pay their council members less than Riverhead.
Southold Council members make $34,390 per year and Shelter Island’s make $37,704.
The highest is Islip, at $77,200.
Mr. Dunleavy said board members can refuse the raise if they don’t want it.
Councilman Jim Wooten was the only other board member present Thursday, as Ms. Giglio and Councilman George Gabrielsen were absent. He said, “that gallon of milk and loaf of bread costs more than it did eight years ago, yet you’re taking on the same money … I’m just saying, I can understand why legislators do that.”
“Do you think we deserve it?” Mr. Walter asked Mr. Dunleavy.
“I think we deserve it,” Mr. Dunleavy responded. “Some people are going to hate me, and some people are going to like me.”
Next year’s Town Board will have three retired town police officers who, in addition to collecting salaries, will also be earning pensions. According to the Empire Center’s SeeThroughNY.com, Mr. Dunleavy earned a $34,285 pension this year and Mr. Wooten earned $45,556. Mr. Hubbard retired this year; his information is not on the website.
Mr. Walter agreed to let the resolution go to a vote Tuesday, and predicted it would be a story in Newsday.
The supervisor said the reason the Huntington supervisor’s salary, along with those of supervisors and mayors in Nassau County, is so high, is because they have these type of annual cost of living salary increases built into their budgets.
The issue is expected to come up for a vote at Tuesday’s board meeting, which starts at 7 p.m. in Town Hall.Details
Halwa plate made of good quality copper is designed with creativity with decorations at the edges. Ideal for offering tiffen and sweets to visitors and guests visiting homes, this plate has multiple uses. Bring home this plate and make the guests remember their visit. Available in different sizes and shapes, visit GIRI to pick your choice.COLT SAUER - GRAND ALASKAN 375 H&H CU... Colt Lightning 22 made in 1899 for Brown... COLT M2012LT260G.260 22" GRY 5RD M2012LT... Colt lightning COLT LIGHTNING 22 CAL " PARTS GUN " Guns Rifles Colt Rifles Non AR Modern Rifles Colt Umarex M OPS | 189 | 3 | Lc | 187.5008ms View Category Colt/Umarex M4 OPS 22 For Sale from Derrick Nichols | No feedback Yet View | | 2 Completed Sales View Sellers Items /UserImages/34579/991657144 3094337.jpg Description: Excellent condition Colt M4 Ops model 22LR AR style rifle. Comes with 2-10rd mags and 1-20rd mag and the Walther red dot that is pictured. Read More Condition: Used, As New Caliber: .22 (other) Location: AR Trades Accepted: No Read More Shipping Notes: See Description Read More Share Item Item #: 991657144 Derrick Nichols Seller Since: Feb. 2003 Seller Level: Verified This seller is NOT an FFL City: Jonesboro State: AR Price: SOLD Shipping: $25.00 Accepted Payment Methods: Returns: No Returns Your Recently Viewed ItemsCalifornia Labor and Employment Defense Blog
The right ... to wear pants.
I am preparing for a press interview about how employers should approach dress code policies and it seems that it always is a surprise to people to learn that that the California Government Code specifically addresses employees' right to wear pants to work. Section 12947.5 states:
(a) It shall be an unlawful employment practice for an employer to refuse to permit an employee to wear pants on account of the sex of the employee.Also, employers should note, dress standards or requirements for personal appearance need to be flexible enough to take into account religious practices. While it is lawful for an employer to implement rules about employee physical appearance, grooming, or dress standards, the standards cannot discriminate based on a protected category, such as race or sex. Also, click here to read a previous post about policies on tattoos, tongue rings, and body piercings in the workplace.
(b) Nothing in this section shall prohibit an employer from requiring employees in a particular occupation to wear a uniform.
Trackbacks (0) Links to blogs that reference this article Trackback URL
Comments (0) Read through and enter the discussion with the form at the end
Phone: 323.592.3505 | Fax: 323.592.3506 Exclusive puts you just 3.9 mi (6.3 km) from the airport and 6 mi (9.7 km) from National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Guests indulge in massages, then grab a bite to eat at the restaurant. A health club and a sauna are offered, and rooms at this upscale hotel get the details right with rainfall showerheads and pillow menus.to!
Design Your Own Nature Quilt
Double Reverse Appliqué (An Apple a Day)
Grow with the Flow (Dancing with Delight)
Instant Art Quilt
©2007-2015 Ellen
Lindner
AdventureQuilter.com, LearnWithEllen.com
Materials intended for personal use only. Teaching and
commercial use
prohibited.
Contact EllenWhat a great meeting we had in February. Delicious nibbles, thank you everyone that shared those treats, we had lots of fresh produce including grapes and watermelon – yummy – to balance the calorific chocolate and sandwiches! A balanced diet indeed.
The Show and Tell table had fabulous items that were shared with us all, the successes and the failures – and it is so important to show a piece that didn’t turn out as expected, it gives opportunity to others to share what does and doesn’t work for them. It’s such a great way to learn. Thank you very much to Shirley and Christine for the Show and Tell session.
Buy or Barter had a great selection of items, including bags of fleece, magazines, jewellery, wooden pens, plants and more.
We had Iris and Rita visit with Nanna to show us some of their handcrafted tools evoking an era long past and informing us of two upcoming workshops being held in Glen Huon very soon. Great work ladies. Perhaps The Canton of Lightwood would also be interested in your crafts. For those interested in the Nålebinding, I have linked it to wikipedia as a starting point for you.
Lyndel shared with us a great app she uses – JKnitHDLite -, the free version has heaps of potential and usefulness, this is one link to it. And I also find my Blackboard app (My blackboard + by AKRIO) useful for small projects. Some folk were interested in my yarn bowls, these are crafted by Marie in Huonville. Altho’ her Facebook page only showcases her glass work, she also crafts fabulous dragon and bowl pottery.
We said goodbye and good luck to Judy Tyson, (via Sue), who has moved to the north of the State. Judy, you might find another craft group nearby, here is one link to groups that meet around Tasmania.
Reminder if you are going to the Wild West Coast Fibre Event soon, check here for the latest info. Have you crafted your Textile and CD???
Enjoy the pics, let me know if something needs tweaking.
- Buy or Barter Table
- Gorgeous quilt by Jenny R
- Luxury Seating
- Cushion by ?
- Socks by Lyndel
- From Fluff to Yarn, by Jeff. 🙂 (or is that by Yawn)?
- Great Knitting app
- Crafts by Iris and Rita
- Iris and Rita Workshop
- Well Done Shirley, and thank you for all you do.
- Work in progress
- Show and Tell – Pauline the Dynamo
- Little jacket by Jenny R
- Handwoven with handspun, by Wilma
- Yummy
- Shawl detail, by Lyndel
- Congratulations to ‘our’ Shirley, Outstanding Volunteer Service Award
- Handspun by?
- Handspun yarn by Megan
- Work in progress – great knitting
- Crafts by Iris and Rita
- Great little gift boxes by Pauline
- Handspun black by Nikki
- From Fluff to Yarn, by Nikki
- Embroidery examples by Pauline
- Using squares at a recent Embroidery Retreat, by Pauline
- Crafts by Iris and Rita
- Work in progress
- Handcrafted tool by Nikki
- Beanies by Shirley, lovely soft yarn
- Show and Tell – Shirley the Dynamo
- Yarn bowls by Wakky Taz Creations
- Two Tullah Tex-tiles by Shirley, sorry about the photos, difficult under glass.
- Rita & Iris Workshop
- Buy or Barter Table
- A crafter’s bag
- Mittens by Jennifer
- A Crafter’s basket
- Yummy
- Crafts by Iris and Rita
- Shawl by Lyndel, her first complete Lace Shawl.
- Crafts by Iris and Rita
- Buy or Barter Table
- Hand knits by Sue.
- Prepared fluff, by Malcolm
- Quilting in progress, by Helen 🙂The statement if youth knew and age could refers to the possibility of what things could be if the young knew the truths of life and were wise and if the old could be more strong and do what is required even in old age. The statement seems to suggest that such things are only utopic dreams and not actually possible, since the youth lack wisdom and the old lack physical strength. In the new age however this seems very much possible. First, the youth of today is far more wisened and second, the old far more young.
There was a time when at 40 one felt like a really old man with grandchildren and failing health, a time more appropriate for the recommended 'vanaprastha' as per old hindu customs. It was time to let your son be the head of the joint family and take over the reigns of the physically strenuous duties of maintaining the household. Even though one did not go out into the jungle, one simply relaxed and used his wisdom to guide the new head of the family. Those were ofcourse times when a lot of physical labour was required to achieve anything. People traveled on foot, did not have the comforts of modern day living, could not do business right from the home via the phone or internet, etc.
Now science and medicine have advanced enough to make life absolutely sedentary and easy on the physique. Longevity and vigour have dramatically improved. At forty, one manages to marry and only slightly settle into some kind of life. Children are still school going and in no way ready to take over the reigns. In fact the saying 'life starts at forty' seems more appropriate and retirement isn't even an option. Yes government servants do have a retirement age, but that is a forced decision rather than an optional one or a necessary one. Things like retirement ages fixed by governments are very much dependant on political and other social factors like availability of jobs etc. And people continue in similar fields or do something new even after retirement. Even in sports people no longer retire. They may not play any more, but they either start coaching or doing commentaries or open sports institutes. Nowadays, the youth wings of various parties have leaders the age of forty, a clear signal towards what is called youth today.
On the other hand, is the youth of today, very mature and responsible. The exposure that they go through and the pressure to excel in this very competitive age has made them more mature than they were ever. Of course in early ages the youth of today were considered adults and had to take the responsibilities of the whole family and was already a parent in his teens. The definition of youth has changed since, and now means people in their twenties and early thirties. The 20th century defined the youth as those, that had to educate themselves on emerging streams of knowledge and were exonerated from demanding jobs and responsibilities. But this padding did not last in the 21st century when younger and younger people started taking charge of situations and the traditionally old sectors like management were taken over by the youth. The media coupled with other forces have lead the children of today to be more informed, more aggressive and more willing to take over responsibilities. Earlier there were limited fields where young people achieved, one being sports, but now we see young people achieving everywhere. We even have many young people as Union Ministers. Earlier it was said, only years of long practice made you perfect enough in any field specially in the fine arts, but now we have newer and younger artists taking over in a more pressurizing environment and doing very well. One of the reasons for this success could well be due to a large and ever growing segment of young consumers who know their minds. A new kind of maturity seems have taken over the youth of today. In fact children too seem to be very much mature and learn to fend for themselves in these pressure driven times.
The above statement also implies that young people are more energetic and over enthusiastic and the old more balanced and patient but at the same time, may lack the drive to change things. The youth in their enthusiasm overlook some finer details and jeopardize the journey; and the old, being overcautious, miss the bus. It further implies that if only the youth knew more balance and the old, more adventure, great things could be achieved. And this is the balance that our own government has tried to achieve through the civil services, which puts young Turk's at the head of departments full of older and experienced people who can constantly guide them and ring the warning bells; while the young ones with their fresh insights and enthusiasm can give shape to a new India.
Having seen that an aged person now is not a man of 40 but more suitably of 60, and a young man is not only a man in his 20's but well may be nearer 40, there has occurred an overlapping of the young and the old. This obviously means an admixture of the old and the young. This potent mixture has all the capabilities of fulfilling mankind's dreams, and we are surely headed towards the right direction. There is, however, still talk of things like generation gap, but this gap is not only between the old and the young. Longevity has given rise now to the gap between the very young, the mature and the old, and the idea is very well portrayed by the veteran filmmaker Mr. Raj Kapoor, in his film 'Kal Aaj Aur Kal'. A greater openness and the overlapping of youth and old has lead to a greater understanding of things. We are surely heading towards a balance of mind in the young and a feeling of adventure in the old, and therefore it's no longer 'if we could', but 'we shall'. We know and we can.
By
Jagdeep Singh More, MumbaiBrisbanites, are you looking for a weekend escape not far from the city?
D’Aguilar National Park starts right on Brisbane’s doorsteps and features kilometres of trails.
It would take days for you to scratch the surface of this 36,000 hectare park that stretches from The Gap in Brisbane’s north west and across the expansive Mt Nebo and Mt Glorious.
Some of the highlights of the park include Northbrook River, Greene’s Falls and lookout points from both Mt Nebo and Mt Glorious. your turn left. From here, you walk along a rough path, rock hop and wade through water to make your way down a pretty creek surrounding by steep cliffs, and large rocks. It’s an adventure all the way as you never know what’s around the next corner, but it will take at least an hour to reach the gorge..
If you’re keen for a weekend escape from the bustle of city life, there’s bush camps spread throughout Northbrook Mountain, Normann Copenhagen and Veuve Clicquot. Adam is also a founding member of Broached Commissions. Adam’s work has been published and showcased throughout the world and is collected by Museums.Kearny, NJ Film Acting Lessons
Looking for private in-home or in-studio Film Acting Kearny, NJ
Check out some of our most popular teachers near Kearny, NJ including Harrison, Jersey City, Lyndhurst, Newark and North Arlington. Acting · In studio
· Film Acting · In studio
_21<<
Thomas H.
Thomas H.
About Jennifer V.Close
_24<<
· Singing · In home
· Singing · Online
· Broadway Singing · Online
Jennifer V.
· Speaking Voice · Online
· Acting · Online
· Film and TV Acting · In home
Jake O.
_35<<
· Shakespearean Acting · In home
· Theater Acting · In home
· Acting · In studio
Becca B.
>>IMAGE.Information
Agent
To Homes & Land
Your Mortgage
Jenifer Grissett
(918) 341-7625
Offered by:
Solid Rock REALTORS
Michael Urie, 422 S. Lynn Riggs Blvd.,
Claremore, OK 74017
(918) 341-7625
Data Provided by:
Northeast Oklahoma Real Estate Services, Inc.
Pryor, OK - $199,900
(918) 341-7625
606 Villa Vista Drive
Pryor, OK - $199,900
MUST SEE! Breathtaking views on Lake Hudson. Gated community with many amenities make this an ideal home or vacation property. Watch the sunrise laying in bed in your master bedroom or sitting on either of your balconies. Peaceful is an understatement!
View More Info on HomesAndLand.com
Jenifer Grissett
Offered by:
Solid Rock REALTORS
Michael Urie, 422 S. Lynn Riggs Blvd.,
Claremore, OK 74017
*May not reflect current interest rates and is intended for
educational/information purposes only. All figures are
hypothetical and should not be relied upon in any way.These are numbers we all need to work together to reduce,” she stresses.
The B.C. Coroners Service, Environment Canada, Parks Canada and the Canadian Avalanche Centre are urging people to plan ahead, have the proper equipment and training, and to check weather and snow conditions ahead of time.
Even if prepared, Environment Canada warning preparedness meteorologist David Jones cautions that weather in the backcountry can turn quickly.
“Calm, clear weather can quickly deteriorate into blowing and drifting snow with driving winds and near-zero visibility,” he explains. “Those venturing into the backcountry need to ‘know before they go’ and check the forecasts specifically for backcountry areas, not just for the nearest large cities.”
The agencies have the following tips for staying safe:
From Environment Canada:
Know Before You Go: Where and when to get the information to plan a safe trip
Environment Canada’s Pacific Storm Prediction Centre offers one-on-one consultations with a professional meteorologist. Four to seven days before your departure, call them to:
* Explain where you’re going, when, and the elevations of travel.
* Learn if the general weather pattern during your trip will be fair, steady and predictable or highly variable and unpredictably stormy.
* If the forecast is stormy, start thinking about alternate plans to stay below the tree-line, to postpone or to cancel altogether. Ask the meteorologist to notify colleagues so that you can call again later for an update about your trip.
24 hours before departure, call to consult with a meteorologist again:
* Request specifics about your trip weather.
* If the forecast is stormy, make a decision to adopt an alternate plan, to postpone or to cancel altogether.
While there is a fee ($2.99 per minute) to speak directly with a meteorologist, the cost is small when you consider the potential risks associated with backcountry weather changes.
2. Check for Special Weather Statements – issued three days prior to your departure
Special Weather Statements are intended to advise the public of unusual or inconvenient weather conditions and of potentially hazardous or warning-level weather conditions in the longer-term (i.e., greater than 24 hours from now):
3. Warnings – issued 24 hours prior to your departure
Environment Canada is the only agency authorized to issue weather warnings. Please note that weather warnings are never issued more than 24 hours in advance, even if severe weather is likely just beyond 24 hours:
From the Canadian Avalanche Centre:
* Ensure everyone going into mountainous terrain in winter has essential avalanche safety gear – transceiver, probe and shovel – and knows how to use it.
* Ensure everyone has at least basic training in recognizing avalanche terrain and moving safely in that environment.
* Ensure everyone travelling in the backcountry checks weather and avalanche bulletins before heading out. Then choose appropriate terrain for the conditions of the day.
From Parks Canada:
* “Know Before You Go.”
* Does your group have the skills, knowledge and training to travel in avalanche terrain?
* Can you self-rescue? Do you have a plan?
* Do you know the emergency number?
* Have you left an itinerary with someone? Do you have any other route options?
* Again, have you the correct equipment, and have you checked the avalanche and weather forecasts?
For more information, visit:
From Emergency Management BC:
For a one-stop shop of information and links on backcountry safety, visit Emergency Info BC:
Take the advice with you by adding the mobile site to your Smartphone home screen.
From the Medical Unit, BC Coroners Service:
Hypothermia (as it relates to backcountry travel)
* When core body temperature gets below 35 degrees Centigrade (normal is 37 C or 98.6 F), usually as a result of immersion in cold water or exposure to cold air.
* Can come on insidiously, especially in children and the elderly who are at higher risk.
* Hypothermia may present as shivering initially and as it becomes more profound that person may stop shivering and become confused and feel tired, unaware they are so cold.
First Aid
* Hypothermic individuals should be taken to a warm area. Remove any wet clothes.
* Have them drink warm liquids and cover them with warm clothes or blankets.
* Confused, weak individuals should be taken to a medical facility as soon as possible.
Prevention of Hypothermia
* Wear layered clothing and a hat outside in cold weather. An inner layer that will wick away moisture is best as wet clothes lead to more rapid development of hypothermia.
* Make sure your children are warmly dressed and pay attention as to how long you let them play outside.
* When travelling by car in bad weather, let someone know where you are going. Have simple items in the car including blankets or sleeping bags, matches and candles, water and dry food. If stuck, you can run the car for 10 minutes every hour to warm it up.
* Be very cautious of alcohol ingestion if going out in the cold, as it increases your risk of developing hypothermia and decreases your awareness that it is happening.Wallpaper: Molyneux Carpet
Total Visited: 94 views
Tags: molyneaux carpet commercial, molyneaux carpet complaints, molyneaux carpet cranberry, molyneaux carpet financing, molyneaux carpet monroeville pa, molyneaux carpet prices, molyneaux carpet reviews, molyneaux carpets, molyneux carpet, molyneux carpet oakmont
Download: Original Size
Molyneux Carpet | Delightful to my blog, in this particular time I’m going to teach you with regards to Molyneux Carpet. And now, this is the 1st image:
The Devoted Classicist: Who Picked The Rug? intended for Molyneux Carpet
Why don’t you consider image earlier mentioned? is actually which remarkable???. if you believe therefore, I’l l demonstrate many graphic once again below:
Molyneaux Carpet Tile Wood – Flooring Store In Pittsburgh, Pa inside Molyneux Carpet
259 Best Carpets And Tapestry Images On Pinterest within Molyneux Carpet
Thanks for visiting my blog, article above(Molyneux Carpet) published by admin at August, 14 2017.
August 21, 2017 155 views
June 4, 2017 117 views
June 22, 2017 99 views
June 25, 2017 130 views
March 1, 2016 110 views
July 1, 2017 118 viewsWe live in an era where the speed of technological advancements exceeds our ability to adapt to the changes. A prime example is the proliferation of nuclear technology that perpetuates an ever-looming threat of nuclear war. It seems our world’s governments are unwilling, or incapable of eliminating such a threat. If we cannot save ourselves from ourselves, then who will? In this prelude to disclosure, David Wilcock exposes the forces competing for humanity’s ultimate demise or its potential salvation in this presentation originally webcast October 6, 2014.Details
Item# 2115-0011
Animal Print Cookie Candy Mold
$1.99
Ships To: United States Only
Availability:
In Stock (ships in 1-2 business days)
Product Actions
Additional Information
Melt, mold and serve!
Turn store-bought cookies into candy-coatedtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-540232552320074118.post1913354859901844661..comments2017-12-22T09:04:35.945+00:00Comments on My Doubts: The BBC lies – whichever side you takeDoubting Richard to clarify, the above is still a gross oversi...Just to clarify, the above is still a gross oversimplification. If you try to look at the reality of feedback in a non-linear system your head is likely to explode.<br /><br /.Doubting Richard comment has been removed by the author.Capt D point, but Nyquist only applies to linear sys...Good point, but Nyquist only applies to linear systems. Non-linear systems have much more complicated idea of stability, and climate is a non-linear system if ever there was one!<br /><br /.<br /><br />The climate alarmists assume in their statistical calculations that one year's temperature is independent of the previous year's, and of existing trend. This is what I have called stability.<br /><br />Now the first case is less stable than the second, so I have some justification, but my wording was misleading. My terminology is inadequate, and I don't know how these relationships should properly be described.<br /><br />Thanks for the contribution!Doubting Richard do not intend this to encourage the silly alarmi...I do not intend this to encourage the silly alarmists, only to correct a mistaken assertion.<br /><br />Positive feedback produces instability only it is part of a feedback loop whose gain exceeds +1. See if you doubt this or wish to learn the truth of it.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-540232552320074118.post-41077290013647727102011-11-22T17:43:19.651+00:002011-11-22T17:43:19.651+00:00ianam In what way have I been dishonest? Where is...ianam<br /><br />In what way have I been dishonest? Where is the evidence that I do not understand the subject?<br /><br /).<br /><br />The only other possibility is that you are unaware of the idea that other people have different thoughts to you, so that you don't know that your assertions need to be backed by argument to have any possibility of relevance. At which point we are back to ignorance.<br /><br />Notice I have not constructed an argument, but then I have made no assertion.Doubting Richard"either does not understand the subject or is..."either does not understand the subject or is dishonest"<br /><br />Both apply to you in spades.ianamnoreply@blogger.comBack to School on Social in 2016 [INFOGRAPHIC]
“Back to School” is a major event for retailers, especially those with young target demographics. According to the National Retail Federation,
Back-to-school and college spending ranks as the second biggest shopping season for retailers, after the winter holidays.
Some other need-to-know Back-to-School facts, care of NRF:
- Total spending for K-12 and college is expected to reach $75.8 billion, up from last year’s $68 billion
- Total Back-to-School spending has grown 55% in the past 10 years
- Online shopping has jumped 30% year-over-year on a consistent basis for the Back-to-School season
But how is this retail event playing out on social? What are people talking about, and how does that break down by gender, interest level, and shopping location? We listened in and put together a gorgeous, easy-to-digest infographic. Check it out!
How has your brand strategized for Back-to-School Season? How is it going? Let us know in the comments below or get at us on Twitter!At a recent meeting of a local Labour Party Branch in Worcester, Britain, a slick high tech presentation was given by a group called Transition Worcester, who said they had the answer to the environmental crisis. It is to turn the clock back 200 years to a mythical age where all trade was local and people enjoyed the benefit of locally grown meat, fruit & veg. Within this presentation were ideas such as we should no longer trade with developing countries and we should therefore export our unemployment to the third world.
It is laughable to see how out of touch with reality these people are. 200 years ago, Britain was in grip of the vast expanding industrial revolution which was polluting the air and the water; where ordinary workers could not afford the fresh locally grown produce and trade was becoming more international, for example with cotton goods from Britain being transported all over the world. These “good life“ merchants want us to have a low input, low energy agricultural system, but seem to forget that even at the height of the “Dig for Victory” campaign in the Second World War Britain still imported vast amounts of food and yet still had food rationing for a population a lot smaller than today. It may well be feasible for Britain to be self sufficient in food, but only by taking hold of the huge tracts of waste land currently left idle by their private owners and turning them to productive use would this idea even approach being possible over time.
But what is frightening, if not surprising, is that this attitude of environmental protectionism is gaining ground amongst some intellectuals. The development of ideas raised by Transitional Communities groups are spreading across Britain in small rural market towns. Local bartering exchange notes are becoming an alternative currency. These people want to pull up the drawbridge and live in isolation from the rest of the country. When questioned about how low paid workers can afford the cost of food under their system, the answer is “tough.”
The alternatives are shortage or socialism. These individuals would rather see starvation than challenge the chaotic capitalist system that has created the environmental disasters we see today. In their presentation there was no suggestion of a planned socialist economy being put forward to harness alternative natural clean energy supplies. The idea that the curtailment of trade would be beneficial is idiotic; it would have the opposite effect by throwing huge numbers of transport & distribution workers on to the scrapheap without any alternative employment.
Labour should discuss how to save the environment but without a socialist perspective it is just adding to the CO2. The crisis facing our planet can only be really addressed by replacing the capitalist system, which acts solely for profit and self-interest, wastes resources, cares nothing for the environment and acts for current gain rather than thinking about the future. Under socialism the resources that are the key to stopping climate change, providing energy supply, transport, and food production, would be nationalised under workers’ control and management. Then we could efficiently organise and plan to provide for peoples' needs whilst ensuring that the environment is protected and the damage caused by decades of ruthless exploitation is repaired for the generations who will come after us. The huge wastage and chaos which marks a system which produces for profit not need could become a thing of the past.
However that is not enough. Unlike the parochial “green wellie brigade,” who look inwards to the parish pump for their answers, we have to look internationally for the solutions to climate change. We cannot feed 60 million citizens, nor can we supply renewable energy for the whole country using just wind turbines, etc. on our own land and shoreline. Part of the struggle for socialism internationally is to make the resources of the world available to all so that we can all benefit each other.
Do not be hooked in by capitalist solutions. Socialists have grave concerns about carbon taxes, however well meaning they are. They would be regressive, hitting the poorest hardest and would in truth have little practical effect. Trading carbon is just another way of exporting our environmental problems to the developing world and hindering their growth and development. It is environmental Imperialism! Capitalism operates a system for the short-term profit. The anarchy of capitalism must be replaced by the planned economy of socialism, under democratic workers’ control.These folks love the outside and nature. They like planet colors. Thus, these individuals would really like garden flowers and green flowering plants. The layout provided for these folks ought to be adorned with natural and rustic accessories.
These people are really good, caring and extravagant. They love flowers and shades of passion like red roses. They would enjoy bouquets with plants of smooth, pale colors and mild scents adorned with lace and ribbon accents.
This type of person the creative type and present their feelings through numerous forms of art. They’re also unusual and like precisely what is significantly diffent from the norm. Therefore, for these people, giving amazing flowers arranged in a creative way with unusual consistency, shape and color will be suitable.
These people are spontaneous and reside in the current moment. They are really modern and do every thing in accordance with current trends. These individuals would like asymmetric and monochromatic measures of full bloom flowers.
Thus, one can follow the directions above to offer waitrose flowers according to the personality of his / her loved one. As a result, the sender may make certain that the flowers will soon be liked by his / her loved ones. If a individual is puzzled about the class, his / her precious falls in to, then a flower personality quiz may be taken. That quiz for finding out one’s bloom personality can be found online.
If you want to order a flower supply online for Valentines Day or any other event, you will have recommended of what you want to buy, the occasion and how much you wish to spend when you visit the web florist. This will produce your shopping experience much easier. You will even have to know how you wish to personalize your card and have a bank card to fund your get before you go on line to obtain a rose delivery.
After you go on line to a florist, you will see a variety of flowers of all patterns, colors and sizes. Naturally, this is very impressive, but it can be really overwhelming, especially if you haven’t ordered a flower supply in the past. You will dsicover a variety of plants and measures on the site where to choose. You can slim your choices down if guess what happens you are looking for, why, and simply how much you wish to spend.Judith Malek-Mahdavi, Jens Schanze
2009 - 91 min - Vidéo HD - Couleur - Allemagne
Joseph Weizenbaum – few have shaken up the computer scene of the past decade as much as he has. The mathematician was among the earliest computer developers and, as the creator of the speech program Eliza, a pioneer in artificial intelligence. Like most of his colleagues, he profited from the millions of investment dollars unleashed during the Cold War arms race. In 1975, he became world-renowned for his ever timely book, "Computer Power and Human Reason", a reckoning with the pervasive myth that science is independent from society's set of values. The responsibility of every individual, especially scientists, for fostering a just and humanistic world was from that point on a central issue in his life. The more responsibility we give to computers, he warned, the more our idea of what it means to be human will change, until finally we will view even ourselves as mere machines.
Author-Director : Judith Malek-Mahdavi, Jens Schanze
Photography : Börres Weiffenbach
Sound : Mauricio Wells, Helge Haack
Editing : Jörg Hommer, Jens Schanze
Delegate Producer : Mascha Film
Co-producer : Bayerischer Rundfunk
Contribution : Dfff (Deutscher Filmförderfond), BMK, FFF Bayern, Filmstiftung Nordrhein-Westfalen
Distribution
Distributor : United Docs
Circulation-Consultation : BPI (Bibliothèque publique d'information)
Distinctions2010 - FIPA (Festival international de programmes audiovisuels), Biarritz (France) : Sélection Documentaires de création et essais
2010 - Visions du réel, Nyon (Suisse) : Sélection Tendances
2010 - Images en bibliothèques, Paris (France) : Film soutenu par la Commission nationale de sélection des médiathèques keyboard that comes with a choice of 4 different mechanical switches: red, black, brown and cyan and backlit keys that can be configured in many ways.
Specifications and Features
The specifications of the E-Blue Mazer K727 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard are as follows:
We actually do not know if this is Cherry MX switches but the image they E-Blue show on their website seems to show Cherry MX-switches so we guess that is what they are (or something similar). Red Cherry MX-switches are not tactile switches. Instead they are linear switches which are not so “clicky” which is what we are seeing.
Diving into the features there are a few nice features we get with the keyboard while missing others.
Backlit keys
In fact, saying “backlit” keys is an understatement since you can do a lot with the lighting of the keys. While not a true RGB-keyboard where you can change the color of each key the keyboard comes with different colors on each row. Red at the top, orange for the numbers-row, blue for the qwerty-row, then green and purple and lastly pink for the space-bar row. In addition to these colors you also get a light blue glow from the bottom of the keyboard.
We will go into this a bit later in the review but there is a bunch of ways you can set up the lighting, some useful and some … not so useful but quite cool.
Full n-key rollover and anti-ghosting
Cheaper keyboards and non-gaming keyboards sometimes do not allow you to press every key-combination without one or more keys not registering. This of course is a disaster if it is the “wrong” combination while you are gaming. The E-Blue Mazer K727 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard have no such issues and in our testing every key worked well even when we pressed them all at one time (with the help of some younger Bjorn3D-trainees).
Floating Keycap design
The keys are raised which gives them a floating feeling. We’ve seen this on for example Corsairs gaming keyboards and it gives the keyboard a nice look and feeling when pressing the keys.
Set response time
It is possible to set the key response time to 2 ms, 4 ms or 8 ms. We must admit we could not really notice a difference but at least it is possible to change.
Missing
Amongst the features missing is any kind of macro progrability for the keys. Some of your keys can open things like music player or home page but are only using the settings in your OS.
Closer Look
The keyboard is available in black or white and we received the white version. This is a small and compact keyboard, very similar to for example the compact K65 Corsair keyboard. It is a so called tenkeyless keyboard which means it does not have the numpad to the right. This makes it compact enough to fit in cramped spaces and also being easier to take with you to a LAN-event.
The top of the keyboard has a metal finish which actually looks nicer than it might sound. It gives the keyboard a robust and luxurious feel.
The bottom is plastic and the reason is that that the entire bottom lights up blue when you use the keyboard (this can be turned off of course). One big negative is that there are not stands to be raised so the back of the keyboard can be raised up a bit while typing.
This is an example of the “floating keycaps”.
A regular braided cable (1.8 m) is included. Unfortunately there are no USB-passthrough on the keyboard.
Show me the light
One feature of the E-Blue Mazer K727 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard is the way you can configure the lighting. While the keys cannot change color you can set the light up a lot of ways. We’ve done a small video of this.
There are several ways you can let the light work. You can for example make it light up the keys like a marquee, let each key light up on keypress or why not the psychedelic effect of having light “ripple” out from the key you are pressing (see the video for this weird (setting). You can also program the keys so only certain keys are lighted up. E-Blue already have a profile for lighting up the WASD + Spacebar but you can do simply whatever you want and it is quite easy. The lights can also be set to a few different brightness levels.
We had several people commenting the keyboard when walking by, something which never has happened. The multi-color lighting is sure to attract attention. Even more important it actually does a great job in making it easier to work in the evening or night in a darker room. The keyboard was especially a hit among children which said it looked like a “Christmas tree”.
Using the E-Blue Mazer K727 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard
It doesn’t really matter if a keyboard looks good or has cool features if it is not nice to work with. In our case we choose to use this keyboard for a couple of weeks both for gaming but also coding and writing.
The Good
This is a really nice keyboard. The feel of the keys are in our opinion really good and we like that the sound is not too loud, something that is useful when typing in the evening when everyone else is sleeping. We also had no issues to get our typing speed up to what we are used to with other keyboards. The light takes a bit to get used to but after a while we really appreciated the ability to have some light in the evening and better see the keys.
Gaming also worked well. You can easily turn off the Windows key so it doesn’t affect your gaming session.
The not so good
We did miss the ability to raise the back of the keyboard up a bit to make it a bit more comfortable to type on. Overall it was ok but for sessions several hours long we got a bit tired in our hands.
The Return-key also was not our favorite. Comparing it to other keyboards it is much smaller while the key just above it is wider than the other keys. We would have preferred it to look like on other keyboards, L-shaped. What basically happened for quite some time before we started to adjust was that we wanted to press Return and instead pressed the button above.
ConclusionEven with the minor issue of the return key and the missing option of raising the keyboard this is actually a really nice keyboard. The keyboard can be bought from for $70 and this compares well to other similar keyboards from more know brands, especially since we get full multi-color backlighting. It has a nice solid feel to it and does not fell cheap at all. We’ve used it both for gaming and regular coding and writing and found it both to be confortable and accurate. While the ability to raise the keyboard up a bit as well as a bigger return-key would have been nice it still did not stop us to be very productive with the E-Blue Mazer K727 Mechanical Gaming Keyboard.Samus Cross Stitch
I think is obvious by now, but I’m going to say it anyway. I’m a big Metroid fan, especially Samus fan. Female protagonists [at least, not femme fatale stereotyped ones] were rare by 1986, when the game came out. But a female protagonist in 1986 on a Japanese game?!? The same country that in which, today, a woman biggest desire should be a child [Death Note dialogs set that clear]? Are you kidding me? She’s a freaking hero!
So, even though cross stitch isn’t one of my main abilities [it don’t make even to the top100…], I’ll probably give it a try for Samus. Click on the image above for the complete pattern, which were originally posted on Sprite Stitch Forum.
Advertisements
ReplyAfter it was launched from the sun in the direction of Earth, the coronal mass ejection (CME) of Jan 6 was quickly lost from view because it became too diffuse to be seen by the LASCO telescope. Thus for its long journey of 93 million miles to Earth, the CME would have been completely out of sight except for the remote sensing capability of the WAVES instrument on the WIND spacecraft. Here's how it works. As it propagates toward Earth, the CME drives a shock front before it, much like a jet breaking the sound barrier drives a sonic boom into the atmosphere. In the case of the CME shock, however, the sonic boom takes the form of very intense, low-frequency radio emissions known as solar Type II bursts. (The Type II bursts cannot be detected by instruments on Earth because the ionosphere blocks the waves. Only an observatory in space can detect them.) As the shock approaches Earth, these Type II bursts drift down in frequency (see radio spectrogram in figure) because the electron density of the interplanetary medium to which the solar bursts are `tied' is also constantly decreasing. The WAVES instrument on Wind is capable of detecting these radio bursts from a great distance, long before the CME arrives at Earth. WAVES can also determine the direction from which the waves are arriving. Combined with the known propagation speed of the shock, this information allows the WIND investigators to track the CME shock front nearly from the time of its disappearance as seen by LASCO, all the way to Earth --- and beyond. The cartoons above the spectrogram illustrate the derived location of the shock at three times during its traverse from the Sun to Earth.
Last updated: January 30, 1997Cubs-Phillies Preview
A.J. Burnett consistently has struggled with his control, starting with a matchup against the Chicago Cubs in early April.
After a solid start to win his last time out, he’ll seek a better performance against the visiting Cubs this time around while looking to help the Philadelphia Phillies win for the fifth time in six games Sunday.
Burnett (4-5, 4.24 ERA) allowed at least three runs in each start while going 1-4 with a 7.25 ERA over his previous six, but he bounced back to allow two runs and three hits in 7 1-3 innings of Tuesday’s 5-2 win over San Diego.
The right-hander was better with his control, walking two and throwing a season-low 89 pitches, but he’s issued an NL-high 43 walks.
"It looked like he was throwing more strikes and he had some contact outs early in counts," manager Ryne Sandberg said. "He also mixed in some two-seam fastballs, which worked for him in getting ground-ball outs to left-handed hitters."
Burnett was wild against the Cubs on April 6, walking six and hitting a batter while giving up eight runs – four earned – in 5 2-3 innings of an 8-3 loss. He had a 2.40 ERA in his previous eight starts against Chicago, which saw its major league-worst road record fall to 12-25 with Saturday’s 7-3 loss.
The Phillies (29-37) improved to 4-1 on a six-game homestand, which they entered having dropped eight of nine. Jimmy Rollins’ fifth-inning single gave him 2,235 career hits to surpass Mike Schmidt as the franchise’s all-time leader.
"He’s put together what is potentially a Hall of Fame career," Cubs manager Rick Renteria said. "He’s a credit to Philadelphia and the Phillies. I think he’s admired all over."
After the on-field celebration, Schmidt gave a quick hitting lesson in the dugout to Domonic Brown, who hit a three-run homer later in the inning. It marked his first in 14 games and fourth of the season after hitting a team-high 27 in 2013.
"I said, ‘Domonic, use your (left hand) and let your top hand get active through the ball,’" Schmidt told the team’s official website. "I don’t know if it actually looked that way when he hit the home run, but it worked."
Justin Ruggiano, Luis Valbuena and Mike Olt homered for the Cubs (27-39), who have dropped five of seven and have the NL’s worst record. Their four runs Saturday matched the total from their previous three games, and their three homers marked the same amount they had over their last six.
Chicago will look to get back on track with help from Travis Wood, who has a 7.23 ERA in his last three outings but won at Pittsburgh on Tuesday. Wood (6-5, 4.95) labored through 6 2-3 innings while giving up three runs and nine hits in a 7-3 victory.
The left-hander didn’t have his best stuff against the Phillies on April 4, either, giving up four runs in 6 1-3 innings of a 7-2 loss. He’s 0-1 in four career starts against Philadelphia despite a 2.60 ERA.
Chase Utley, who homered Saturday, hit a two-run shot off Wood in the last matchup. He’s hitting .392 in his last 22 games against the Cubs.avant-match
LIVE
Daria Kasatkina - Simona Halep
French Open women - 3 June 2017
French Open – Follow the Tennis match between Daria Kasatkina and Simona Halep live with Eurosport. The match starts at 17:00 on 3 June 2017. Our live coverage lets you follow all the key moments as they happen.
Head-to-head: see historical stats and visit our detailed profiles for Daria Kasatkina vs Simona Halep. Get all the latest on Tennis: fixtures, results and tables.
Highlights
Remove
Here's the moment Simona Halep, the highest seed left in the women's draw, beat Daria Kasatkina in straight sets earlier today.
Here's the moment Simona Halep reached Round 4.
KASATKINA 0-6 5-7 HALEP: The Romanian is through to Round 4 after a straight-sets victory over the 26th-seed. Kasatkina rallied in the second but Halep got the job done and continues her quest for a first Grand Slam title.
KASATKINA 0-6 1-2 HALEP: Simona Halep looks to be progressing serenely to the fourth round against Daria Kasatkina. One-way traffic so far for the 3rd-seed.
KASATKINA 0-5 HALEP: The top seed remaining in the women's draw is cruising on Suzanne-Lenglen. Heading for a white wash in the first set against 26th-seed Kasatkina.Plumbing articles
- Ball valves (as fitted to WC cisterns and water tanks):
- Slide and Diaphragm ball valves explained.
- Slider type ball valve washer replacement - an illustrated step by step guide.
- Baths:
- Connecting ½ and ¾ inch taps for baths.
- Fitting ½ and ¾ inch taps to baths.
- Removing an old bath in an orderly manner will make the job easier
- Waste fittings - an illustrated guide to the various types of waste fitted for baths.
- Clearing blocked waste pipes from sink, basin, bath or shower.
- Books on Plumbing
- Cold water tank explained.
- Condensing boilers explained - combi, conventional and systems boilers.
- Glossary of Plumbing terms.
- Hard and soft water and how to avoid limescale.
- Lavatories:
- Cistern - modern direct action (syphon) lavatory cistern
- Cistern - modern flap flush valve lavatory cistern - how they work
- Cistern - old style Burlington Bell type lavatory cistern
- Common problems with lavatory cisterns
- Replacing a diaphragm in a direct action syphon cistern
- Service valves in gravity feed plumbing systems
- Shower Enclosures - Choosing and fitting shower enclosures
- Taps:
- Connecting ½ and ¾ inch taps for baths, hand basins and sinks.
- Fitting an outside tap and connecting it to the cold water supply.
- Fitting ½ and ¾ inch taps to baths, hand basins and sinks.
- Fitting Mono-block (single hole) mixer taps - an illustrated, step by step guide.
- Toilet - new or replacement, the aspects to considering when choosing a new or replacement toilet/cistern.
- Waste disposal units explained
- Waste water fittings for:
- Baths - an illustrated guide to the various types of waste fitted for baths.
- Hand basins - an illustrated guide to fitting waste outlets for hand basins.
- Sinks - an illustrated guide to fitting waste outlets for sinks.
- Waste water traps - different types of waste water traps explained and illustrated.
- Water hammer noise and some possible remedies.
- Water noises - the noises which come from the pipes and their causes.
- Water supplies explained:
- Cold water tank explained.
- Cold water tank installation - fitting a new or replacement tank.
- Direct water system - no tank in the attic.
- Indirect water system - a tank in the attic.Bear is the NATO designation for the Tu-95 prop-jet bomber Putin is using to show his new-found aggression. It’s over 50 years old, and we have nothing to fear.
Russia will resume, on a permanent basis, long haul missions for its strategic bomber aircraft, Vladimir Putin, said on Friday, resurrecting a cold war practice in the latest assertion of Moscow’s military might…
Two Tu-95 bombers flew over a US naval base on the Pacific island of Guam on August 9 and, according to a Russian air force general “exchanged smiles” with US pilots who had scrambled to track them.
I spent part of my youth figuring out how to shoot down Bears. It’s easy – they have an enormous radar cross section (four big spinning propellers), are very slow, and can’t fly above 40,000 feet.
So the smiles from the US pilots would have been because radar detects the Bear at least half an hour before it arrives, giving the fighter jocks time for an extra cup of coffee before scrambling.$42.99
Sizes
Put your Redhawks spirit on display in this Miami Redhawks Long Sleeve Hoodie! You'll be cozy on game day in this Miami of Ohio Mens Red Zone Hooded Sweatshirt. This Redhawks Long Sleeve Hoodie features a team tackle twill embroidery. Wear your Miami Redhawks spirit with pride in this great Mens Hooded Sweatshirt!Camp Cocoon Carolina
October 28, 2017
It's a Zoo Life: Experience with Exotic Animals
It was awesome!!!
Camp Cocoon of the Low Country
January 20, 2018
Wannamaker Park, Charleston, SC
7:30 am - 3:30 pm
People aged 7 to 17
Contact JaMeyer@pruitthealth.com
Camp Cocoon Winnersville
March 2018
Contact APopielarz@pruitthealth.com.
The 10th Annual Camp Cocoon "Bikers for Butterflies" Ride will be held on August 4, 2018.
Grief Activities for Kids & Those Who Love Them from Camp CocoonUS$ 8.90
US$8.90
18.23
Sale Ends in00 d 00h 00m 00s
details.AppOnlyPrice:
Ship From
color:black
size:m Size Guide
Ship to
Dispatch: Usually will be shipped in business days hours
Average Rating:5
Based On 7 Customer Reviews
Share Your ThoughtsWrite a Customer Review
By s**** July 18, 2016
I already bought one in black n loved it so much I saw it in Grey n had to get it as well !!! Great cut n fabric Looks expensive n classy on !! And that speaks volumes coming from Myself who is A very Experienced shopper owning low to the top end of designer of Clothes , Shoes n Bags etc.... One of my Favourites.
By l**** July 12, 2016
By c**** July 11, 2016
The dress is cute. But it is cut funny looks great in photo not sure about in person I order a xxl and it's OK I think if you are a curvy girl it's not that flattering and what ever size you are order up. I can work with it tho just not what I expected.I like the color and it is a cute dress the material looks kinda cheap but I will make it work
By c**** July 10, 2016
By d**** July 1, 2016
By k**** June 30, 2016
By r**** June 18, 2016
No customer questions for the moment.Stenson Road, Derby, South Derbyshire is a scheme proposed by Redrow PLC for development of a site south-west of Derby. Plans include up to 145 family residential units and land set aside as a central area of green open space with play area. These proposals will also take an existing number of residential properties out of the high risk 1 in 100 year floodplain zone to be located in a low risk area.
Plans include:
Our involvement:
Link:Black Lives Matter: Eric Garner’s Death & Questions That Remain
Looking over from the African continent, it has not always been easy for many to fully understand the circumstances of Black Americans or even the history of race relations in the United States. After all, many assume America is a country of freedom, laden with opportunities and wealth for all. However, how does one account for the complaints from the Black American community along with the commensurate apparent disparities in opportunities and treatment?
On July 17, 2014, police officers of the New York Police Department (NYPD) approached 43 year old Eric Garner under the suspicion of hawking cigarettes along the road, an act New York City frowns strongly upon because it undermines their deliberately exorbitant taxation policies on discouraged products. After engaging in an argument with Mr. Garner, who pleaded several times with the officers to “leave him alone,” “I’m minding my business officer, I’m minding my business.” “Every time you see me, you want to mess with me.” His pleas were insufficient to the police who were determined to take him down. He was grappled to the ground and suffocated in a banned chokehold; once again he began to plead, this time for his life. “I can’t breathe,” “I can’t breathe,” “I can’t breathe.” The officers ignored his pleas and pushed his head against the concrete, while his life slowly drifted away from him and out of his reach. It was not long before Garner was pronounced dead.
The fallout was immediate. The primary culprits responsible for killing Garner — Daniel Pantaleo and Justin D’Amico were placed on desk duty. While awaiting a grand jury decision on whether to indict the police officer, the city medical examiner came back with a verdict months later — the death was ruled a homicide. On December 13, 2014, the grand jury decided not to indict Pantaleo for Garner’s death. Protests broke out in New York City and across the United States. Highways were blocked off to traffic and protesters peacefully demonstrated in the streets.
It was especially painful to the Black American community, as this failure to indict came shortly after another failure to indict in the death of Ferguson teenager, Michael Brown. In addition to this, 12 year old Tamir Rice from Ohio was gunned down within two seconds of arrival by police officer Tim Loehmann; like every other kid, Tamir was playing by the park with his toy gun when he was shot. Regardless of whoever is right or wrong, in any of these cases, the Black American community has noted a system that has historically targeted them unfairly, especially black men.
There are a number of issues with the Eric Garner case that immediately come to the forefront in the minds of many. First of all, why was Panteleo’s case not taken to trial despite the fact that the medical examiner had clearly ruled Garner’s death a homicide? The New York Police Department (NYPD) had taken steps in July to retrain the police force against the banned chokehold, which clearly shows that Panteleo’s actions implied error, and the presence of very clear video evidence which shows the police officers killing the man while the cameraman protested the unfair arrest. It is understandable that this was the jury’s decision to make, but who were these individuals? Secondly, why was this officer left on the NYPD payroll despite a history of being sued three times in the past for violating the rights of Black Americans? Despite the race or color of the police officers, or even that of the victim’s, there is no reason why this homicide should not have gone to trial. No one should have to die for hawking petty goods along the street — in the grand scheme of things there are more serious atrocities that occur daily but go unnoticed.
What do these recent incidents mean for black men in America? For parents with young sons, will having the talk have to shift from a discussion about the “birds and the bees” to “how to not get shot”?
One thing is certain. The uprising following the deaths of Garner and Brown prove the power of civil society, for better or worse. There remains some hope that all Americans can leverage what has been positive from the demonstrations to promote an understanding of race relations in the United States. Americans of good ethics, including Black Americans need to be more involved in civil society and continue to highlight and celebrate what is positive. Jury duty should never be seen as a chore, but rather a part of the democratic process wherein homicidal officers with a history of poor policing are brought to justice. Further measures recommended include proper training of the police force, the elimination of the irrational fear of black individuals, civil recourse in the case against Pantaleo, and compensation to the Garner family, even though no amount of money can replace the pain from the unnecessary death of a man who was a husband, father and a son. However at the end of the day, change will have to begin at home. Black businesses, families and communities need to rally their support in building a greater sense of community, unity and support while actively challenging negative stereotypes and perceptions.
Black lives do matter. It is important that these measures are taken sooner rather than later, as the next time could be anytime.
Image: Getty/AP/Reuters/LA TimesRichman Gardens
317 N. Richman Avenue Fullerton CA 92831
for a local advisor
(12)Add a review.
Richman Gardens Reviews
- I toured this community
I went on a tour here and it was nice. The staff answered all my questions. This was a smaller community, I saw a small room that was right next to the dining area. It would be hard to move around here for...
- Have Already Recommend the property
We lost mom very shortly after she moved in here but her 3 weeks here were perfect. The staff was wonderful very kind and compassionate. The everyone acted very professional and dressed accordingly. The building...
- See all 12 community reviews10 STARS ????????????????????
There really needs to have option for ratting this place on a scale up to 10 !! That's the care level my parents and family members have received over the last few years . Our family knows 1st hand.“).”
Christianity is not based on absolute dependence, but freedom. It alone offers a growing freedom from absolute dependence on the mirage of materialism of this world and its ever-changing values.
A religion based on “a feeling of absolute dependence” or a “feeling” of any kind has to be a false premise because human feelings change as often as human moods.
Christianity is based on salvation through redemption. Salvation through redemption isn’t based on a “feeling”, but on fact-based reality that comes by divine revelation to those who willingly receive it. Willingly: an act of the will to accept and receive truth when recognized.
Truth is not relative, it is self-existent. It may go unrecognized, it may be denied or rejected, but it cannot be extinguished.
If I wake up in the morning feeling like I chased wind through a keg of nails in my fitful dreams, making me question my salvation, I can still rest assured my eternal salvation remains intact by the fact of Christ’s word, which never changes. And having His word changes everything about my life for the better, as well as giving me eternal security through life everlasting.
Even if the evil one accuse or judge us, God’s servants, before God, who is he to judge someone else’s servants? They stand or fall before their own Lord (and they will stand, because the Lord has the power to make them stand). Romans 14:4 (paraphrased).
Something to remember during doubts this Christmas season when nerves and patience become frayed. Or anytime doubts invade to steal our joy.
-GW
3 thoughts on “WE Will Stand”
This is a powerful statement: “Truth is not relative, it is self-existent. It may go unrecognized, it may be denied or rejected, but it cannot be extinguished.”
Thanks, GW.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yes, as the Source of all truth cannot be extinguished. Blessings, David.
Reblogged this on Talmidimblogging.
LikeLiked by 1 personResults 1 to 6 of 6
How long does it take most of the time?
- Member Since
- Sep 25, 2006
- 34
Hey guys, I am a Mac n00b. I just bought at 20" Intel Mac last night, I was wondering, how long does it normally take for the computer to arrive? It says allow up to five days. BTW, I live in Pennsylvania. So, how long do you guys think it'll take?
- Member Since
- Jul 22, 2003
- Location
- Hamilton College
- 6,999
- Specs:
- 20" iMac C2D 2.16ghz, 13" MacBook 2.0ghz, 60gb iPod vid, 1gb nano
Everything I have ever ordered from Apple has showed up much quicker then they estimateDon't forget to use the new User Reputation System
- Member Since
- Jan 08, 2005
- Location
- New Jersey
- 6,188
- Specs:
- Mac Pro 8x3.0ghz 12gb ram 8800GT , MBP 2.16 2GB Ram 17 inch.
Same here mine ARRIVED before the estimated SHIP DATE.My Website
I love my hosting company!
I was on the M-F honor roll for Febuary:2006
- sursucioflaGuest
When I got ibook it was a BTO and I got it in 4 business days. When I got my ipod got it in three business days. When I got various other accessories and what not, i got it in about the same timeframe.
- Member Since
- Sep 25, 2006
- 34
So, it should be within a week from the order?
You should have it in your hands by next wednesday... worst case!
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
Similar Threads
Long time lurker, first time posterBy juneuprising in forum Schweb's LoungeReplies: 4Last Post: 03-23-2015, 06:17 AM
Time Machine taking a long time to prepare itemsBy ahhreeyell in forum macOS - Operating SystemReplies: 0Last Post: 03-06-2013, 12:42 AM
Long time listener first time caller.....By Volkswagen04 in forum macOS - Operating SystemReplies: 2Last Post: 04-05-2012, 09:44 PM
Absinthe taking long long time to jailbreak Iphone 4sBy hunkychap_07 in forum iOS and AppsReplies: 1Last Post: 02-11-2012, 08:06 PM
1st time mac owner - long time windows userBy wavewuver in forum Switcher HangoutReplies: 3Last Post: 09-12-2006, 01:42 PMI just compile Allegro 4.2.1 and AllegroGL 0.4.1 with mingw32 3.4.2. I'm using MSVC8 so I built them with the "fix msvc8" command. I built a debug version as well. Instead of generating agl.lib and agld.lib, it generated agl_s.lib and agld_s.lib. (static?) Anyway, I linked to those libraries and I tried running this example provided with AllegroGL.
The application crashed when calling allegro_gl_flip(); I stepped into it and it goes there
void allegro_gl_flip(void)
{
__allegro_gl_driver->flip();
}
where __allegro_gl_driver is NULL.
Any ideas?
Thanks!
Check all return values of functions that can fail. One of them is failing, but you're assuming they don't.
-- "Do not meddle in the affairs of cats, for they are subtle and will pee on your computer." -- Bruce Graham
As you said, this call fails. install_allegro_gl();
It actually fails right from the start.
int install_allegro_gl(void)
{
if (!system_driver)
return -1;
// ...
Why is that?
Do you have the latest OpenGL drivers installed on your machine?
Chaos Groove Development BlogFree Logging System Code & Blog
I think I have OpenGL driver Version 6.14.10.6347 that comes with my graphic card drivers. I don't think it is the latest but it should not be that old either. Should I get the latest?
Can you give us some details on your graphic card? Some gfx cards have no or poor OpenGL drivers. It is normally always a good idea to update to the latest drivers to improve poor ones..
Sophat: I'd say that allegro_init(); also failed.
-- M.M.
I have a All-In-Wonder Radeon 9800 128MB.
Milan : Why would you say that ?
By the way, I can run the examples built with AllegroGL.
Because "system_driver" is a allegro variable initialized at allegro_init().Strange that examples work.Have you had any older version of allegrogl installed before? Maybe something is left and there are conflicts... just guessing.
It is the first time I've built AllegroGL myself.
Also when I stepped into allegro_init();
"system_driver" was definitely and allegro_init() returns 0.
From my watch window :system_driver 0x100d0de0 _system_directx {id=1146626080 name=0x100eb698 "" desc=0x100eb698 "" ...} SYSTEM_DRIVER *
I am getting very confuse.
Thanks for any inputs.
Hm, I used to see that when symbols from DLL where not imported correctly... But I can't see anything wrong here.You can try building AllegroGL using MSVC8 project files. It's in projects/ directory.
edit: You are using Allegro as a DLL, right?
Solved. You were right. I remove alld.lib from the dependencies.
Thanks a lot for your help and patiencePros Available by phone Mon-Fri 7.00AM - 7.30PM Central
OUR PART # SR7.1MKII
Log In for price!
The Coleman Audio SR7.1MKII gives precise level control for eight balanced audio signals. Fold down capabilites for stereo and mono and two 5.1 formats. Indiviual input mutes isolate surround speakers, L and R speaker mutes isolate the stereo fold down speakers. There are two internal switches, one for the mono fold down to be routed to either L and R or the center speaker and one which allows the LFE signal to be included in the stereo fold down so the SR7.1MKII could be used as a summing box too.
Product Information:
We're sorry, only of this item available
Call a Sales Pro at for more information
Contact: 1-800-828-0509 / Hours: Mon - Fri 7:00AM - 7:00PMNeed a Plumber Colorado Springs? Call Anytime Plumbing & Drain Repair Services
Have a Plumbing Emergency?
Anytime Plumbing and Drain will respond to emergency calls. We operate 24/7, 365 days/ year. Please call us.
If there's a plumbing problem in your home, we will fix it. Anytime Plumbing and Drain are background checked, highly trained, and state licensed: therefore, you will be getting a very professional technician to service your home. Anytime Plumbing and Drain have years of experience repairing residential plumbing systems; there is-less Water Heater Repair
- Toilet Leak Repair
- Unclogging & Cleaning
- Underground Leak Repair
- Underground Pipe Repair
- Video Inspections
- Water Heaters & Repair
- Water Jet Cleaning
- Water Line Repair
- Water Main RepairSo there’s a lot going on in the world today. Between riots and massacres in the Middle East, surging oil prices, and labor disputes here in the Midwest, it’s easy to feel as if everything is coming unraveled. There’s a feeling of panic in the air that’s hard to dismiss. I feel it all around me, like an unspoken tension hanging in the room. Some are scared that it’s the end of days, that Mayan or Biblical prophecies are coming true and that all we are seeing right now is a precursor to Armageddon.
Personally, I don’t believe that’s so. I believe we’re simply in a transitional period between eras, and all of this turmoil and tension is a side effect of one era ending and another beginning. The age of oil is dying. For many years, the argument against alternative energies has been that economically they are too cost prohibitive and oil is too cheap. Now, the pendulum is shifting the other direction. Oil is simply becoming too expensive and too tumultuous to sustain. Those with a vested interest in maintaining the status quo are trying desperately to maintain their grip on power, but the tide of change cannot be undone. Their regime is coming to an end.
I don’t fear the dark days ahead. Many years ago, I made peace with the fact that our society was going to implode. You simply can’t sustain a democracy when the majority of your population can’t thrive in your economy. You can’t sustain an economy when the majority of the jobs pay poverty level wages. The supply side guys always seem to forget to look at the other side of the equation. It’s supply and demand, and without both, the system grinds down. Without a vibrant consumer class, there’s no one to buy what the supply side produces, and I’ve never quite figured out why that concept is so hard for some to figure out.
I also believe that we are about reap what we have sewn as a society and a culture. Instead of embracing discipline, intelligence, and rational thought, we’ve chased greed, superficiality, and superstition. We spend ten minutes on the morning news discussing Justin Beiber’s haircut while our infrastructure crumbles. Anyone else having images of Nero with his fiddle? While athletes and entertainers rake in millions, we pay police officers, firefighters, and teachers substandard wages, yet scratch our heads as to why nothing works as it should.
And now education is under heavy siege once again. I’ve heard thoughtful, intelligent friends of mine say that they don’t believe their tax dollars should go to education because they either homeschool or send their children to private schools. Why should their tax dollars go to a system they don’t even utilize, they ask. Sure, on the surface they aren’t using the system directly, but I’d be willing to bet that when they hire someone at work, they expect that person to know how to read and write. When they go to a grocery store, they expect the cashier to be able to count back correct change. The role of public education isn’t just to educate your children. It’s to educate everyone so that we have a skilled workforce, one that can compete and innovate and reinvent the economy.
The only change I can make and the only real impact I can have is with myself. I have the power to create this farm and be part of the solution. I’ve held back the tide for as long as I can in education, fighting the good fight to pass along my knowledge and love of language. I simply don’t have it in me to take yet another pay decrease or take on even more responsibilities. My plan is in motion, and I’m not looking back.
Today, we received two donations for the farm–one from an anonymous donor and one from Joel Gates of Green Gates Entertainment. Joel has long been a supporter of these Ramblings, and we’re very grateful to have his endorsement for the farm. Please, check out his blog and thank him for me.
One thought on “Wednesday Night Ramblings”
Great write up! Seems right on the money. We change what we can. Your farm is a good thing. It will be a great thing for you and yours! I’ve thought a lot about greed lately. It’s one of the reasons GGE is not going to focus so much on making bucks. Our goal is to make art. Like you said, we can’t change the world, but maybe we can affect our corner of it.Lions put players on field for 1st time with GM Bob Quinn
ALLEN PARK, Mich. (AP) The Detroit Lions seem to have a small margin of error, coming off their 13th losing season since 2001.
Detroit's new-look front office, led by rookie general manager Bob Quinn, did a deep dive into the franchise and determined it had to get better on both fronts. Quinn, who had various roles with the New England Patriots, also took over the reins of a roster depleted by the retirement of Calvin Johnson and weakened by more misses than hits in previous drafts.
The Lions loaded up on players to protect Matthew Stafford, who was sacked 89 times the past two years, and to improve the NFL's worst rushing team last year. They also needed an influx of talent at defensive tackle after losing Ndamukong Suh and Nick Fairley in free agency last year.
Detroit drafted offensive tackle Taylor Decker midway through the first round, Graham Glasgow in the third to give them options at center or guard and another versatile lineman, Joe Dahl, in the fifth. It took defensive tackle A'Shawn Robinson in the second round and defensive lineman Anthony Zettel in the sixth.
Quinn needs this year's rookies to pan out – eventually at least – to help him turn around the franchise.
Coach Jim Caldwell insisted it was simply business as usual in the NFL on Friday before seeing his rookies on the field for their first minicamp.
''This year's not any different than any other year,'' Caldwell said, entering his third season with the Lions. ''Adding guys to our team that create a lot of competition, that add some depth and gets some starters along the way as well. … The real key is for us to put together a team that wins ball games.''
Even though Detroit will always play at least half its games inside at Ford Field, Quinn is working on building a team to be big and tough on both lines.
''This team goes through the NFC North and we're going to have to play in cold weather against good teams late in the season,'' he said. ''So, we're building a team for all conditions.''
On a warm and sunny afternoon in the Motor City, Detroit's draft picks and a slew of unsigned rookie free agents went through drills in helmets and took another step in figuring out what being an NFL player entails.
''Pretty exciting time for us around here, obviously, any time you get some new blood in the building,'' Caldwell said. ''Young guys with a lot of energy and excitement. … Certainly, we've evaluated them closely outside of it, but now we get a chance to see these guys function in our element here.''
The Lions were back on the field for the first time following an offseason of analysis about why they won six of their last eight games after starting 1-7, a beginning that led to the end for the team president, general manager and offensive coordinator.
Caldwell, who was retained by Quinn after a review, acknowledged some changes were made.
''We looked at everything,'' Caldwell said. ''You know, right now we're working. Obviously, this particular phase there's carry-over into the training camp and we've looked at training camp. We've gone through our schedules there to make the adjustments that we think are needed. I think some of them will jump out at you when we get to that point. We're not there yet.''
—
AP NFL website: andGive help. Get help.
Hi guys,
First up I’d like to say a huge thanks to Chris for providing us mere mortals with such a gold mine of information, a big round of applause and a pint are definitely due.
My name is Matt, I’m 27 and I’m from Cardiff in South Wales, UK. I am an absolute newcomer to web design having no formal qualifications in graphic design or programming of any kind (although I do have a degree in Product Design but that was mostly building models and furniture). I decided to give web design a go at the start of September this year and picked up a few "For Dummies" books. While these books were good reading while I was sat on the toilet I found I am learning much more quickly by watching video tutorials online (thanks again Chris), reading online tutorials at work (productivity is down this month to say the least) and by dissecting various web templates and messing with the CSS to see what happens.
Anyway, enough of the blatant ass kissing and drivel about me. Here is my first ever complete web page, which is to be part of a site I offered to attempt to build for a lady at work at no cost to her, just for the experience. I built the site in Expression Web only because it gives me colour-coded text instead of the plain text you get in notepad. The site is completely from scratch, not from any templates. I did not use the layout view as I actually found this more complex to use. None of the links point to anything yet as this is the only page I’ve made and would like some critique before I continue.
Anyway, let me know what you think of my 1st attempt, tear it to shreds, whatever, so long as I get some good constructive feedback out of it. I have a feeling I’ve done the typical noob thing and put too many divs and ids in there. The design itself is not so much in question as the code. The lady the site is being built for chose the design from a selection of 5 photoshop mockups I had prepared. It was not my 1st choice.
Thanks in anticipation.
Matt
It looks pretty good in Safari 3, very clean and neat. Looks like a great project for a first project. The only thing I’ll recommend, and you’ll figure it out more as you do more sites, is that often when you replace a logo or headline with an image you may want to use a text replacement method in order to still get that search engine weight for an h1 tag for words like Hair and Beauty. I think you’re definitely on the right track.
I agree with Cybershot about the color of the text (size seems ok to me on a 1650×1050 window). One of the hardest things (aside from those incredibly annoying cross-browser coding issues) to get a grip of is understanding what your user needs in terms of typography, color etc. This is usually completely different from what your opinion is (that’s why you’re here).
Considering this site is your first project, you really deserve a pat on the back (great work on the strict doctype btw). It looks great, you just need a few minor tweaks. The text at the bottom of the page for example: The hover color looks great on black, but the white is hard on the eyes. Have you considered maybe switching those colors? Or getting rid of the white all together and using a light grey?
Thanks for the help guys, very much appreciated. I will go ahead and change the text size and colour a bit, I see what you mean with this, it definitely takes a fresh pair of eyes to spot what you might think looks good.
One thing that is vexing me however is the text replacement method for the logo. I can get the site to look identical using the h1 tag but when I make the h1 a link it won’t validate. Is there any way around this in strict doctype other than not to make it a link?
Also, what would be the best way to swap the background image in different pages? At the moment the background is done through css. Should I change it so it’s an img tag in the markup and use z-index or should I use different IDs on the divs for the different pages and use css to add a different bg image for each one?
Thanks a lot for the feedback guys, it’s a huge confidence booster. I showed the client what I had done so far and she was over the moon but it’s always nice to get positive feedback from someone who actually has a clue about web design.
I eagerly await some help with the above problems and hope to be able to show you all a whole working site soon.
Got a bit more of the site up and running now to see how it all links together. Unfortuanately can’t go any further until I get some more content off the client.
Until then I’d best start working on a site of my own I suppose, not going to get much work experience without my own site am I?
Also, any assistance with the questions in my post above would be a massive help. Thanks
I’m a bit of an amateur also but it looks very good for your first site!
Yeah, I guess I don’t got a lot of things to say! Maybe adding some rounded corners or something, but really that’s up to you.
I’m ok for wedding dresses at the moment thanks xiaohx08. Not sure if the Wedding factory do dresses to fit a short fat bloke either to be honest.
Anyway, back on track.. Done a bit more work on the site. Added a small photo gallery and a bit of colour as the black and white was a bit much on every page. Managed to fix the header so it’s now an h1 tag as suggested above and managed to change the background image on each page using css (not sure if this is the best way to go but no one has so far told me to do otherwise).
Anyway, site is pretty much finished apart from adding a few more pictures to the gallery, messing about with different background images and adding a bit more text on some pages.
Let me know what you think and what I should change before I call it done.
The site is now up and running at:
Let me know what you think. The client is really happy with it.
The site is really very well constructed :) good work ! 8-)
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.2011 Research Prize and Medal Recipient
HAIM GREBEL, PHD
October 6, 2011 has been instrumental in establishing the nanotechnology research focus at NJIT, on both experimental and theoretical levels. He is the chair of the Northern New Jersey Chapter of the IEEE Photonic Society and has organized numerous talks and mini-conferences on optically related and nanotechnology-related topics. At NJIT, Dr. Grebel is heavily supporting the research of undergraduate students, as this opens the door for solid, advanced-level education.
In 2009, Dr. Grebel received NJIT's Overseers College Research Award for the Newark College of Engineering. The award is presented in recognition of a sustained record of contributions that have enhanced the reputation of NJIT. Dr. Grebel holds a BS degree from Tel-Aviv University, Israel, and MS and PhD degrees from the Weizmann Institute of Science, Israel, all in physics.Caesarstone’s Future Kitchen exhibited at WantedDesign Manhattan for NYCxDesign
Introducing the kitchen version of the circle of life, Caesarstone’s Future Kitchen exhibited at WantedDesign Manhattan for NYCxDesign in May 2017.
To celebrate Caesarstone’s 30th anniversary, Pratt Institute industrial design graduate and undergraduate students were tasted to devise what a kitchen might look like in the year 2050. We are inspired by their ingenuity and foresight:
- An elevated fire pit is at the center of the circular kitchen allowing for interactive cooking, while bringing a sense of community to the space.
- The countertops take on a classic-yet-modern aesthetic with Statuario Nuvo, Raven and Fresh Concrete offering a sleek and low maintenance food prep surface and complimenting the glass and stainless steel features.
- The kitchen includes a water filtration system where runoff is used to cultivate your own garden as it also cools the refrigerator located at the bottom of the unit.
- The waste disposal system allows for food scraps to become compost to feed the indoor farming area.
- Storage is ample throughout, and the retractable eating table is compact, functional and beautiful.
“It’s important for Caesarstone to not rest on our laurels,” explains Erika Egede-Nissen, Caesarstone’s director of brand marketing. “We want to keep pushing the envelope and challenging ourselves. We're always looking to come up with innovative ways to envision quartz.”
The Future Kitchen is an experiment in how nature and technology work together to create a self-sustaining space that operates through aquaponics, hydroponics, 3D printing, water filtration, indoor farming, composting and food storage.
Caesarstone plays an important role in transforming the kitchen in aesthetic appeal and functionality today and in the kitchen of the future. “We have found that Caesarstone will stand the test of time," said Marc Thorpe, visiting assistant professor of Industrial Design at PRATT and founder of Marc Thorpe Design.
Future Kitchen
(a Caesarstone and Pratt Institute collaboration)
NYCxDesign
WantedDesign Manhattan
269 11th Avenue
New York, NY 10001Watch Nick Lovegrove discuss his new book, The Mosaic Principle on The Huffington Post. is the key to success today. Those pursuing expertise in a particular sector perhaps dedicate their entire life to excel in their field, often ignoring any peripheral connection. But is this the correct approach? Well, not really, says author Nick Lovegrove. To substantiate his argument, Lovegrove in his book The Mosaic Principle: The Six Dimensions of a Successful Life & Career, illustrates how to expand one’s forte of work to multiple fields to make it big. With 30-plus experience as a consultant, executive coach and the US managing partner of a global corporate advisory firm, Lovegrove should know this more than anyone else.."
“We pay a high price – both individually and as a society – for our obsession with narrow specialization and the trap of being a “one-trick pony”. Nick Lovegrove’s pragmatic guidelines – such as a developed moral compass, a prepared mind, and a robust intellectual thread – provide the roadmap for a more fulfilling life and an extraordinary career in an ever-changing, complex, multi-dimensional world."
“Nick Lovegrove’s book compellingly makes the case for why the world needs more ‘tri-sector athletes’ – to build a more long-term, inclusive capitalism will require just the kind of breadth of experience and perspective these leaders possess.”
“A powerful case that the jack-of-all-trades can be a master of some. Nick Lovegrove highlights the rising costs of specialization, encouraging us all to unleash our curiosity and go broad.”
“The Mosaic Principle underscores why critical issues like national security and economic advancement cannot be adequately addressed by people with one-dimensional skills and experience. We need many more people who can cross between different walks of life, sharing their expertise and perspectives – not just in fiction, but in real life. Nick Lovegrove’s book is a must-read that offers us a practical and compelling guide to meeting this challenge.”
 should you approach the question to be broad or deep – or at least more of one and less of the other? Why should you care? Well, to start with it’s helpful to know where you currently fall on the breadth-depth spectrum. Are you naturally more broad, or do you instinctively veer toward depth?Learn moreFor the 2015-01-28 meeting as the Change Proposal was announced on devel-announce list on 2015-01-20.
Polyinstantiation of temperary directories is a pro-active security measure, which reduced chances of attacks caused due to the /tmp and /var/tmp directories being world-writable. These include flaws caused by predictive temp. file names, race conditions due to symbolic links etc.
I wont be able to attend today's meeting due to traveling to FOSDEM, so voting here.
Based on the outcome of devel-list discussion, I'm -1 for this change as proposed. I seems that there are too many possible complications for some security enhancement. Although I'm +1 for such feature being available to the users in Fedora and for users being able to turn it easily on/off using single command.
This change is not approved as written (-6,0,0)
to comment on this ticket.
pagure —
3.13.2 — Documentation
SSH Hostkey/FingerprintRached Ghannouchi signed an agreement yesterday morning between Tunisia’s Ennahda and the Nigerien Rally for Democracy and Progress, one of the ruling parties in the Republic of Niger.
Dr. Hamid Al-Ghabid, head of the Nigerien party, former prime minister in Niger and former secretary general of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (formerly known as Organisation of the Islamic Conference), signed the agreement on behalf of his party, according to the official webpage of Sheikh Rached Ghannouchi.
The agreement paves the way for cooperation and consultation between the two parties on issues of mutual interest, including the exchange of visits and training of personnel, women and young people.
Read: Tunisia grants protection to figures from 40 corruption casesFORT ST. JOHN, B.C. – The town of Melfort is the latest Saskatchewan community moving to take measures against last week’s pipeline oil spill in north/central part of that province, near the Alberta border.
The water pipeline network that serves the community southeast of Prince Albert, stopped its intake yesterday from a reservoir near the North Saskatchewan River as the oil sheen made its way downstream.
Latest reports now suggest the spill occurred last Wednesday, not Thursday, and Husky Energy says there will be an investigation as to why it took 14 hours to inform the Saskatchewan government.
Both Prince Albert and North Battleford, the closest down river city to the spill site—have also taken drastic steps to conserve water, and have closed their river water intakes.
The spill near Maidstone, southeast of the border community of Lloydminster, is said to have involved up to 250-thousand litres of heavy crude.
Prince Albert, with a population of roughly 35 thousand and the third largest city in the province, has set up an emergency 30 kilometre waterline to the South Saskatchewan River, which merges with the North Saskatchewan east of the city.
The South Saskatchewan is said to be a clean, viable and safe potable drinking water source, while the North Saskatchewan is expected to be dealing with lingering hydrocarbons and contaminants for up to two months.
If all goes as planned, 18 pumps will be used, to keep the water flowing, but given the high risk of operational problems, the city is also exploring backup emergency supply plans, from private and city owned retention ponds in the area.
The city has been forced to use its reserve water supply, and impose strict water conservation measures under the threat of fines for those who ignore them.
The Mayor says he’s been assured by the CEO of Husky that the company will cover all costs incurred by the city because of the spill.
A Husky official has been quoted as saying, the cause is still unknown and it could take weeks and/or months for the investigation to be completed.Do you read materials from outside your industry or field?
Why outside? Put simply, the more widely read you are, the more likely to have a broader view of where your company fits into the world at large. Of how new technology, consumer trends or economic conditions elsewhere may affect the business. It allows you to be more strategic and I would suggest, more creative. Not to mention, a whole lot more interesting.
One of my favorite outlets for reading that expands my mind is Fast Company (magazine or online.) What do you like to read?
Advertisements- About
- Projects
- Issues
- Events
- Publications
- Join / Donate
GM trials return to the UK
GM potatoes are being trialled at a site in Cambridgeshire, with more planned. Eva Novotny explains why we should be on our guard.
Article from SGR Newsletter no. 34, summer 2007
- Issues:
- Types:Heinz Beans & Sausages 205g
200g x 24 x 15000157024930
Heinz Baked Beans with Pork Sausages in tomato sauce.
Additional Pack Information
1 of your 5 a day.
GOOD TO KNOW.
Gluten free.
No artificial colours, flavours or preservatives.
A can counts as 1 of your 5 a day.
Beans only count once.
CAN - METAL - widely recycled.
Made in England.
Ingredients
Beans (40%), Tomatoes (30%), Pork Sausages (15%, Pork (55%), Water, Pea Starch, Salt, Spices, Emulsifier - Triphosphates), Water, Sugar, Spirit Vinegar, Modified Cornflour, Salt, Spice Extracts, Herb Extract
No artificial colours, flavours or preservatives
Nutritional Information
Additional Information
- Free From Artificial Colours
- Free From Artificial Flavours
- Free From Artificial Preservatives
- Pack Type: Can
Storage
Empty unused contents into a suitable covered container. Keep refrigerated and use within 2 days.
Manufacturer's Address
H.J. Heinz Co..Did you answer the call?
We did.
Super heroes from all over the QC showed up in wonderful and colorful attire to greet Super Grover and his Fabulous 5.
Poor Elmo lost his super-ness, and everyone was sad but the reminders the kiddos got today will help them remember the rules to being a super hero for a long time to come.
It was simply amazing to watch as my boys sat, dance, sung and cheered in acceptance of the messages of wellness. The fabulous friends sung,danced, hugged and shook hands with the kids while sharing fun lessons on healthy habits, exercising, resting, nutrition and good hygiene! I’m so happy I was able to take my boys to see the show. I think it will make my job a whole lot easier. My 5 year old actually began explaining events in the show to me. How cool is that? Every parent with small kids should’ve been in the house. It was totally worth it!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
In short, the show was really great! It was just 90 minutes; and offered affordable food,souvenir items, interactive entertainment, educational intensive theme fun and oh so wholesome! I felt like a big kid myself recalling my younger days sitting in front of the t.v., waiting for Hooper’s Store to open for the hour. 🙂
Did you like the review? It was my very own opinion (with the help of my sons of course) I was lucky enough to be selected to be a part excitement. Till next time Be Well! -QC SuperMom
Thank you fine folks for liking this post! We had a BLAST! Sharing is such a enjoyable past time!
Reblogged this on qcsupermom and commented:
We are planning on going again while they’re in the Queen City. We’ll let you know how it goes! YAY!!!!!This page is a very good place rest your mind in hectic software development times and find some interesting material for you next PowerPoint presentation ;o)
This entry was posted on Wednesday, April 25th, 2007 at 6:48 am and is filed under Humor, Software development. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.
Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site.
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.Welcome to Turtle Island Native Network's Forums
by admin » Sat Apr 05, 2014 8:53 am
Return to Indigenous Peoples Jobs - Employment - Skills Training - Mentoring - Career Opportunities
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 2 guests
Front Page |
Discussion |
Education |
News |
Healing and Wellness
Resources |
Communities |
Business |
CultureToday in G&I class i made a Alphabet just tear the paper. When tutor gave us a paper, i found the rainbow color. I think if i choose this concept it looks colorful and the other side this experiement is like a child play, so i think child and rainbow color is really match too.
Finish tearing the letter we did art work with printer again. i chang a back ground. And i find out some interes ting thing during the printing experient. I print out my tear Alphabet many different colors, then i found yellow color letters got out white color! I want to express my name “JOY” so change the J,O,Y >> Yellow and the yellow letter change other colors! It so interesting!!
AdvertisementsPersonalized Christmas Ornaments
The personalized ornaments
featured here are from Ebay seller Lasting Impressions 4u. These images on these unbreakable globe ornaments are not stickers. They are printed directly onto the ornament. Each ornament comes in a free clear display box to protect it for years to come.
The ornaments can be personalized with a name and year. And since kid’s love their favorite characters, these personalized ornaments are perfect. They are available in many different popular designs including Super Mario (pictured), The Wiggles, High School Musical, American Girl, Cars, Disney Princess, Star Wars, American Girl, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Call of Duty, Twilight, Justin Bieber, Hannah Montana, Jonas Brothers, Spider-Man, Dora, Pokemon, Backyardigans, Wow Wow Wubbzy, and many more.
If you are looking for a unique Holiday ornament to decorate this years Christmas tree, these fun, personalized designs may be just what you are looking for!
Related links:
Novelty Christmas Ornaments<< Back
|
New Search >>
About the PNAS Member Editor
Name
Bronner, Marianne
Location
California Institute of Technology
Primary Field
Cellular and Developmental Biology
Secondary Field
Evolutionary Biology
Election Citation
Bronner has conducted pioneering research on neural crest development and lineage specification. She discovered that these cells are multipotent and defined signals underlying their induction and migration. She systematically exploited this knowledge to reveal direct regulatory interactions in the gene regulatory network responsible for neural crest formation and evolutionary origin.
Research Interests
Marianne Bronner's laboratory has a long-standing interest in the central question of developmental biology: how a complex organism develops from a single cell. Her studies center on the molecular mechanisms underlying formation and evolution of the neural crest, a highly multipotent stem cell population that gives rise to melanocytes of the skin, craniofacial skeleton and peripheral ganglia. Many of these cell types are prone to metastasis in the adult, for example contributing to melanoma and neuroblastoma, and these cancers often possess transcriptional signatures similar to those of embryonic neural crest cells. A major focus is the identification of the signaling and transcriptional interactions that lead to neural crest formation both at the tissue and the molecular level. Using a multiorganismal approach, their studies have combined gain- and loss-of-function approaches with genome-wide transcriptome profiling and regulatory analysis. This has led to the discovery of a neural crest gene regulatory network that is largely conserved to the base of vertebrates. As neural crest cells are amongst the most migratory cell type in vertebrate embryo, the Bronner lab also has been interested in characterizing the role of the migratory environment in influencing pathway choice.Living Wyoming Wild: Grilled Sesame Venison Cutlets
Grilled Sesame Venison Cutlets
1/2 c. Soy sauce
1/2 c. Vegie oil
1/4 c. Water
2 T. Miniced onion
1/8 t ground red pepper
2 T. Sesame seeds
1 T. Sugar
3/4 t salt
1/2 t minced garlic
8 4-6 oz venison fillets (1/2 inch thick)
8 bacon slices
Combine first 9 ingredients in a shallow dish, stirring well. Add venison, and chill 4-8 hrs, turning occasionally. Drain venison, reserving marinade. Wrap 1 bacon slice around each cutlet, and secure with wooden picks. Grill, covered, over medium heat (300-350 degrees) 3 to 4 minutes per side, basting with reserved marinade.About
I cannot remember a time when I was not drawn to interior design, furniture and color. As a young man, I always found myself sketching furniture, coordinating color selections and room layouts. This passion has been put to work since the age of 15.
First, I ran the design department for my family's business, a home decorating center. From ths wonderful experience and word of mouth, my work transitioned into fulltime Interior Design Services, as customers would specifically seek out my advice about color selection, furniture, wall covering and renovations. I took a leap of faith in 2002 and made it official, starting a full serivice Interior Design Company. Since then I have been creating beautiful spaces for clients, always following my philosophy of "Great design is about comfort and lifestyle that reflect my client needs."Billing systems highly depend on databases that often become enormous in table size. PostgreSQL, Oracle and other database management systems allow partitioning, though Oracle Standard Edition doesn’t include this option.
Hydra’s money-making billing had skipped on this issue and decided to come up with how-to’s that could pinpoint potential problems and offer preventive measures. Here’s how we proved ourselves wrong.
Background
Hydra is mostly utilized by telecoms and PPP sessions together with call detail records (CDRs) are a big deal for them. The more clients you have, the faster it grows and laws oblige you to store it as is for a number of years in case authorities need it.
We had taken this situation into account and provided our system with tools that could handle tables with up to 15m rows. More rows triggered export and data archives as the output. In any case, you had to monitor table size in order to keep it stable and it was easy to miss the point of no return.
The problem
One of our clients skipped the monitoring part as well as our own monitoring service. The company was unaware of the situation as their sessions table grew up to 36m rows.
The communication service provider (CSP) authorization system was implemented with VPN and RADIUS protocol. Doubling the suggested amount of rows and one of the main switches failure led to RADIUS-server overload as it took more time to authorize people due to slow queries.
Everything got even worse with connection requests snowballing, loading the VPN-server and making it a real DoS.
How we managed it
The CSP went straight to our support and the problem didn’t take long to find as the session’s table was just enormous and top IOWAIT queries indicated it was the weakest link. All we had left to do was getting rid of millions of rows but we started with the export into CSV-files.
We switched the RADIUS server into auto authorization mode that utilized latest available session data and had no need to look it up in the session’s table. This move made it possible to cut it to 30m rows and regular authorization process went back up into normal together with the RADIUS server.
Takeaways
It’s easy to follow the path with how-to’s and monitoring done on the client’s side but it turns out to be a real pain if something goes wrong. We decided to implement our own monitoring solut
ion that could pinpoint potential problems and send support tickets straight to our team.
In addition, we improved the RADIUS caching system and introduced archives in one of our billing system updates. It archives data from oversized tables into Oracle in the background and clients are able to build reports as usual with no need to workaround additional archives.
Our RADIUS server became autonomous with local authorization database that serves not as a caching mechanism but stores a replica from the main database. This way we solve potential problems before they pop up and mess with the client’s business.
Here’s a brief introduction to our authorization serves components:
- User Profiles and Services DB
- Our app called HARD that handles HTTP requests
- FreeRADIUS server that implements standard AAA Protocol as well as translates binary to HTTP+JSON for the HARD app
AAA servers (all with MongoDB) are grouped, they have one master and two slaves. Requests are handled by one AAA server without the main DB on board. So if something goes wrong and one of the components fails, client’s services are going to stay up as if there’s nothing..
If you have been in an auto accident, click the link below to download our Auto Accident New Patient Paperwork.
[New Patient - Auto Accident Form]
If you have not been in an auto accident, click this link to download our New Patient Paperwork.
[General New Patient Form]Joint design programme opens new creative worlds
Massey University Media Release
Monday, December 11, 2017 course focuses on Entertainment Design for film, television, and game. Under the guidance of the Weta Workshop artists who helped bring films like Avatar, Mad Max Fury Road and The Hobbit to life, students will develop their skills in idea creation, storytelling, and concept design.
The year-long Masters programme starts in September 2018 with a “grad camp” and culminates at the end of their project year with a written research submission presented alongside a body of concept design work.
The course Weta Workshop designers to review the students’ progress.
A week-long internship at Weta Workshop’s Miramar facility will also take place within the first six months of students starting the programme. This intensive week will give students the rare opportunity to experience life in a working design studio, with exposure to complex design challenges for real life clients.
The programme will be offered within Massey University’s existing Master of Design degree provided at the School of Design that is part of Massey’s College of Creative Arts in Wellington, New Zealand.
Applications open on February 1 and close on May 31, 2018.
In making the announcement, Weta Workshop Art Director and programme supervisor, Paul Tobin, says the programme aims to provide a comprehensive grounding for graduates looking to progress in the concept design sector that includes the film, TV and rapidly growing game industry. Alongside Tanya Marriot (Massey University), Paul will work to help advance the students’ studies and experience of the industry.
Ms Marriot, a former Weta Workshop artist, lectures in animation, illustration, play Imagination, an annual event established to exhibit and celebrate the best of science fiction and fantasy art in New Zealand.
Weta Workshop co-founder and multi-Academy Award-winner, programme continues a longstanding relationship Massey has enjoyed with Weta Workshop, dating back to Richard’s time studying at forerunner institution Wellington Polytechnic. A number of other Weta Workshop staff, including fellow Hall of Fame inductee Gus Hunter, are graduates of Massey’s School of Design.
programme.”
To learn more about the Weta Workshop School at Massey University, click here.
For information and imagery requests please contact Liana McPherson, Weta Workshop Communications Manager, at liana.mcpherson@wetaworkshop.co.nz.I dont know much about dogs but I love them, I've been thinking about getting a small dog. I was at a friends baby shower and they had the cutest little dog ever, she said it was a poodle, but I though they were smaller. The dog was so well behave and super cute.Our coaches will begin each session with a gentle and doable stretching routine. We take into consideration each client's individual limitations and work with them to make sure that they are ready for each workout session.
We take your wellness seriously. We understand that getting older brings it's own set of challenges, many of which include your joints. UBOOM workouts are specifically designed to be low impact so you can "feel the burn" without feeling pain.
We lose a lot of our muscle mass as we get older. UBOOM will help you build and retain some of that muscle mass so you can be safe and continue to do the things you love to do.
Hey, we get it. Getting older can get lonely. That's why we created UBOOM. One of our main goals is to bring like-minded older adults together to be active, encourage each other and form new friendships. It's fun to workout with your friends!When: Wed., Oct. 19, 5:30-6:15 p.m. 2016
a performance of this play provided by The Millibo Art Theatre and performed by Sue Bachman and Sallie Walker. "Two women, one bench, laughter and more."
Price: Free
★★★★★★★★★★
309 S. Cascade Ave. (Downtown)
Select a star to rate.
© 2018 Colorado Springs Independent
ReviewsThe Canterbury earthquakes destroyed the Christchurch CBD and caused massiv...Read more
A disaster has destroyed the box so you have to think outside it. There is a unique chemistry of circumstance that supports new thinking and ways of doing things. Embrace it. Here is what we have to share.
Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 results.
This document has been created to showcase some of the innovation that has emerged from the Canterbury rebuild in response to the earthquakes of 2010 and 2011. It is a celebration of the Canterbu...Read moreA Secret Weapon For finance project helpIn accordance with the Bureau of Labor Figures (BLS), earning a diploma, regardless of the area of review, can increase money probable. Here is the normal salary and projected career development for finance industry experts:
We invite you to definitely Check out our loved ones pursuits, contests and also a prosperity of other sources which are vetted by Discovery Training and uniquely made with parents in mind.
Study the existence Tale and historical past of a few of our best leaders during the US President Biographies area.
Lots of kinds of cross-border payments are subject to US withholding taxes, although the prices tend to be lessened as a consequence of tax treaties. A decreased price signifies Component of the cross-border payment can be extra again.
Have a Digital Discipline Excursion to Facebook! Hear from experts in software program and infrastructure engineering, product design and style, and facts safety, to learn the way arms-on operate while in the classroom can cause engaging careers that create beneficial alter.
The EBRD may also supply immediate funding and aid for SMEs by numerous loan and equity services.
You will discover four core modules and two electives. Outside of The 2 electives you could Choose view between 4 or five subjects like online games principle, perspectives on management and leadership and entrepreneurship, innovations and company.
The limit on desire deductions will likely not utilize to any enterprise with typical gross receipts of $25 million or considerably less.
"Great tutor. Actually helps you comprehend that site the Main ideas and department out into your personal do the job, and helps you if you will get caught. Very propose!" —David
At Rasmussen College or university, we’ve been dedicated to our mission of planning learners for profession achievement considering the fact that 1900.
The a hundred% reward is usually claimed on made use of products. Nonetheless, the utilized devices can not be obtained from a connected social gathering, that means from An additional corporation with whom the buyer has over 50% overlapping ownership.
Regulated general public utilities usually do not qualify. Housing companies Have a very alternative: they could choose from a one hundred% reward or with the ability to borrow without a new Restrict on desire deductions explained in another part.
Thanks for Subscribe us. You are going to get a affirmation email shortly inside your subscribe electronic mail address.
Some cross-border derivatives payments and some cross-border payments for products and services that merely compensate an affiliate for your expert services at cost would also not have to be added to A.The Innocent
A Vanessa Michael Munroe Novel
About the author
TAYLOR STEVENS is the New York Times bestselling and award-winning author of The Catch, The Doll, and The Informationist, all.
ISBN 9780307717146
Read online, or download in secure EPUB
Title: The Innocent
Author: Taylor Stevens
- News
More Fiction
- The Rooster Bar 2017 US$ 14.99 384 pages
In the press.While researching an article about Sam Peckinpah’s “Straw Dogs” recently, I was struck not just by how many commentaries have already been written, but by how many wildly different opinions and interpretations they contain. What one viewer saw as a tasteless endorsement of man’s violent nature was seen by another viewer as a condemnation of it. The nuances and implications of the movie’s infamous rape scene have been debated endlessly, as has the relationship between the two main characters and their complex motivations for behaving the way they do. Love it or hate it, the film merits discussion.
Let’s just say the remake won’t inspire the same range of viewpoints. Nearly everything that was ambiguous, nuanced, subtle, or subtextual in the original is the opposite of those things here. It hasn’t been dumbed down, exactly — just flattened, so that what was once a messy and uncomfortable assault on the viewer’s sensibilities is now a standard genre flick that will mean approximately the same thing to everyone who sees it. Which doesn’t make it bad, of course, except in comparison to its predecessor. On its own merits, it’s merely average.
Writer/director Rod Lurie (“The Contender”) has moved the setting from rural England to rural Mississippi, but the story is essentially the same, as are several chunks of dialogue. David Sumner (James Marsden) and his new wife, Amy (Kate Bosworth), have just moved to the backwater town Amy grew up in, where they’ll inhabit her late father’s rustic old house. James, a screenwriter and an intellectual, doesn’t know how to relate to the beer-drenched simpletons who populate this place. Amy, an actress who is not granted the luxury of a distinct personality, has mixed feelings about the town she couldn’t wait to get out of as a teenager.
The Sumners employ a handful of local guys to repair the house. One of them, Charlie (Alexander Skarsgard), an oily man with a charming smile, was Amy’s boyfriend in high school. The others are various combinations of lazy, boorish, and crass. They all leer at Amy and do everything they can to make a fool out of her wimpy, unmanly husband.
Also of interest: Tom Heddon (James Woods), a permanently soused local demigod (he used to be the coach of the high school football team); Jeremy Niles (Dominic Purcell), the village idiot, and Daniel, his protective brother (Walton Goggins); and John Burke (Laz Alonso), the town sheriff.
Even if you hadn’t seen the trailer and knew nothing about the original film, you’d be able to see that this is leading to some kind of showdown between David and the men, particularly Charlie. That is indeed where it’s leading, and when the time comes, Lurie delivers a suitably tense and bloody climax. A few sequences earlier on build suspense for the inevitable.
The trouble is that none of it means anything and, as a result, the movie feels overlong. Stripped of its character dynamics and queasy subtext, the story no longer merits a 110-minute running time. As a simple home-invasion thriller — which, let me be clear, is all this remake is — it’s a 90-minute movie, tops. In fact, may I be so bold as to recommend a home-invasion thriller that does everything Lurie’s “Straw Dogs” tries to do, only faster, better, and scarier? “Them,” a 77-minute French flick from 2007. You might check out the original “Straw Dogs,” too, while you’re at it.
C+ (1 hr., 50 min.; )It is that philosophy in India was for centuries more an exposition of the ancient classics than the independent thought of individual thinkers as in ancient Greece or modern Europe and America.
The form, time and space are present when the ‘I’ is present. The ‘I’ is present when the mind is present. The mind is present in the form of the universe. The universe appears as waking or dream (duality) and disappears as deep sleep (nonduality). If there is no ‘I’ then there is no mind. If there is no mind then there is no form, time and space. If there is no form, time and space then there is no universe. If there is no universe then there is no waking or dream. Thus the ‘I’, the mind, the universe, the waking or dream are one and the same thing.
Without causing the objective universe to vanish and without knowing the truth of the Self, how is one to achieve..
People who worship the guru as God in human form and there is a danger that they might establish a regular religious sect in his name. This is an unhappy development of the religious movement.
The path of religion, the path of yoga and the path of wisdom were intended for different classes of people. The wisdom is for the advanced seekers of truth. It deals with the nature of the ultimate Truth and Reality. It is meant for superior aspirants who have an inner urge to know the truth and it is not for those who are immersed in earthly desires.a- kaUpanishad- Upanishads by Nikilanada)
COMMENTDisabilifunk Celebrates Disability and Diversity
On Saturday, Feb. 20, 6-9 p.m. in the Schine Underground, the Disability Cultural Center (DCC) and Disability Student Union (DSU) invite the campus community to Disabilifunk—an engaging, inclusive and exciting evening of karaoke, a cappella, improv and more.
“I am so excited for Disabilifunk! It’s such a great opportunity for the school and the community to come together and enjoy a night of music, inclusion, and diversity,” says Christy Kalebic, president of the DSU. “The event is grounded in disability advocacy, but it is most of all a fun way to bring people together for a night of incredible performances and karaoke talent! Whether you want to grab some food and enjoy the show or get up and perform, Disabilifunk is an event for everyone.”
Diane Wiener, director of the DCC, says, “Having just enjoyed the Grammys, the timing is great to say what a privilege and a pleasure it is for the DCC to once again collaborate with the DSU to host Disabilifunk in spring 2016. As always, this event is about broadening experiences of musical inclusion and performative diversity, and it is intended to forward advocacy efforts while having a fabulous and fun time.”
Tickets are free and can be picked up at the Schine Box Office. Accommodation requests can be sent to Kayla Wicks at kawicks@syr.edu. American Sign Language interpretation and light refreshments will be provided.18"-dia. Acrylic 180° Half Dome Mirror with 18 ft. Approx. Viewing Distance.85 lbs.
Product Details
Technical Specs
- Item Half Dome Mirror
- Diameter 18"
- Dome Height 8"
- Approx. Viewing Distance 18 ft.
- Viewing Angle 180 Degrees
- Lens Material Acrylic
- Backing No Back
- Rim Type Acrylic
- Mounting Location Wall or Ceiling
- Includes Mounting Holes, Screws, Anchors.Turkey
Knocking at Europe’s door yet on the threshold of Asia, Turkey is truly a land of contrasts. Stretching out on two continents, Turkey is a paradise where you can experience the four seasons simultaneously... Whether you are fond of art, history, archaeology or nature, you will always find something to arouse your interest. With a code of hospitality nurtured by their Islamic beliefs yet with a remarkable tolerance of other customs, the Turks offer a warm welcome wherever you travel.There’s something magical about enjoying Idaho’s mountains and backcountry when the terrain is blanketed in snow.
But Lisa Spanberger, a disaster preparedness officer with St. Luke’s, would remind you to be prepared and take precautionary measures before you begin a trip during the winter.
“I think we’re lucky to live in Idaho, and we have a lot of winter recreation options. … However, Idaho is a pretty rural state,” Spanberger said. “So, it’s really important to be prepared and have some resources should you get stranded in cold weather or snowy conditions.”
Spanberger recently met with Treasure Valley media members to stress the importance of winter safety awareness.
Before they travel, people should tell family members and friends where they are going. Additionally, they should know what road conditions they will be encountering.
“Preplanning is the key … to help keep you safe,” Spanberger said. “We have a lot of great resources in Idaho that you can utilize. You can check road reports by going to 511.idaho.gov or by calling 511.”
Spanberger also stressed the importance of having a winter car emergency kit and demonstrated the items she carries in the emergency kit in her car’s trunk.
Obviously, the needs might differ depending on travel between Boise and McCall versus travelling into rural backcountry.
“Make sure your kit fits your needs,” Spanberger said.
A well-stocked kit would include:
“If you do become stranded, either because of car trouble in cold weather or you’re stuck in the snow, it’s recommended you actually stay in your car, unless you can see buildings that you could walk to fairly easily,” Spanberger said.
St. Luke’s hospitals are performing a variety of measures to make sure their campuses are as safe as possible for patients, employees and visitors during the winter months.
At St. Luke’s Magic Valley, parking hours have been established for employees so Building Services can focus on plowing in specific areas.
“We also have gone to the next step in that we are asking patients when confirming appointments to plan on icy conditions, leave earlier than planned and bring a person to assist them with getting into the building,” said Todd Rothfuss, Magic Valley’s plant manager. “We will direct them to the walkways during the conversation if they choose to walk, but also tell them about our shuttle service, in which we supply them with the phone number so we can pick them up at their car if that works better for them.”
At St. Luke’s Boise, a team is using the same injury-tracking software developed for Bogus Basin to identify the most hazardous areas in Boise and Meridian. Those areas will be maintained more frequently by Building Services. Also, safer routes have been identified through signage around the Boise campus.
At St. Luke’s Wood River, the Building Services crew is monitoring the parking lot six times each day to combat ice.
Chris Langrill is a writer and copy editor for the St. Luke’s Communications and Marketing department.Address Book
Log in when you shop and start earning valuable Rewards
Collect Points to get up to 10% back on future orders
The cream color of these size 15/0 Delica seed beads is enhanced by an AB finish, providing an iridescence that will give your designs a touch of glowing beauty. Miyuki's Delica seed beads are in a class of their own. Their size is consistent, which makes weaving with them a pleasure. With a large hole, you can pass your thread through the beads multiple times without breaking them. You can also count on their color being consistent time and time again.
Each 8g package contains approximately 2900!866-997-4948(US-Canada Toll Free)
Published By :
Published Date : Aug 2014
Category :
No. of Pages : N/A
Make an enquiry before buying this Report
Please fill the enquiry form below.
Machine learning technologies have already made huge strides in supporting the efforts of pharmaceutical companies in developing personalized medicine
Modern computation models prove to be promising in the search for novel therapies for deadly HIV virus. A process called ‘budding’ plays a key rol
Uber disguised a hack that influenced 57 million clients and drivers, the organization has affirmed. The 2016 rupture was covered up by the ride-shariMidmarket Solar Policies in the United States: A Guide for Midsized Solar Customers
The midscale market for solar photovoltaics (PV) has not experienced the same high growth rate as residential- or utility-scale market segments in the past five years when solar PV deployment increased rapidly. Midscale solar can be defined as behind-the-meter solar PV between 50 kilowatts and 2 megawatts adopted by multi-housing residential, commercial, industrial, non-profit, and other entities. A number of challenges face the midscale segment, including difficulties in contracting, mismatch between tenant lease and PV financing terms, high transaction costs relative to project sizes, and inefficiencies in matching prospective projects with capital. The changing policy landscape across U.S. states provides both opportunities and challenges to midmarket solar. Some states, such as California, are expanding system capacity limits for policies such as net metering, thus enabling a wider range of customers to benefit from excess generation. A number of states and utilities are making changes to rate design to introduce new or higher user fees for solar customers or reduced tariffs for net metering, which decrease the value of solar generation. An understanding of these policies relative to project feasibility and economics is important for prospective customers to make informed decisions to adopt solar PV. This guide complements existing solar policymore »
- Authors:
- [1]; [1]; [1]; [1]; [1]; [1]
- National Renewable Energy Lab. (NREL), Golden, CO (United States)
- Publication Date:
- OSTI Identifier:
- 1328358
- Report Number(s):
- NREL/TP-6A20-66905
-; soft costs; solar soft costs; balance of system; solar balance of system; solar policy; mid-market solar
Enter terms in the toolbar above to search the full text of this document for pages containing specific keywords.Ariat Women's Skyline Slip-On Shoes
Ariat
Details/ariat-womens-skyline-slip-on-shoes/031B45.html
- Ariat Women's Skyline Slip-On Shoes
- Item # 031B45
$103.99 Original Price -$15.86 Sale Savings
$88.13 Final Price
15% Total Savings.There’s no secret sauce to hot water. Just add heat and you’re ready to shower and wash your dishes. Hot water is hot water. There are however, different tools to get the job done.
Reliable hot water is something we depend on day in and day out. Why not use the best tool to get it done?
What is a heat pump water heater?
Heat pump or hybrid electric water heaters use electricity to move heat rather than generating heat from scratch. It’s the same idea as your refrigerator, which moves hot air out of the fridge. A heat pump water heater moves heat from the air into coils inside the water tank and transfer heat your water. All that is to say, that they’re super efficient and use two to three times less energy than a standard electric water heater to make the exact same hot water.
- They produce the same amount of hot water while using a third of the energy as a standard tank.
- They now work great in our cold climate.
- They have a piece of mind 10 year warranty
- They are programmable and have wifi connectivity
- Rebates can cover over 50% of the unit (with many saving up to $1100)!
With programmable settings, heat pump water heaters provide you with more control, making sure you always get hot water when your family needs it the most. They also come with a 10-year warranty while many standard water heaters average 6 years.
Do you have more questions? Please visit our FAQ Page!
Send us you name and phone number and we can follow up on your interest and answer any questions.
You also can give us a call at 541-385-6908 X12 or email me at [email protected] to to learn moreCOUPE
Jaguar's manual F-TYPE S has a crisp and positive shifter. It feels substantial but not heavy like some (ah hem, Corvette) shifters in high-powered cars. The clutch is smooth but a little vague, like a BMW's. With its aluminum body and stiff chassis, the F-TYPE handles well. Turn off the traction and stability controls and you'll have a tempting, if sometimes scary, dance partner.
Base Price: $80,300
Engine: 3.0-liter supercharged V6 engine
Horsepower: 3801 - 20 of 100 Results for Survival Gear
1 - 20 of 100 Results
Sort By:
Display:
Coghlan's Backpackers Trowel Plastic Orange Available Adventure Medical Kits SOL Escape Bivvy Emergency Survival Sleeping...Add to Cart for PriceRegular Price: $49.99 - $59.99 Coghlan's Lightstick Assortment Pack of 4$5.99 Adventure Medical Kits SOL Heatsheets Emergency Bivvy Sleeping Bag ...Add to Cart for Price UST Wire Survival Saw Stainless Steel Gerber Bear Grylls Ultimate Kit Survival Kit$37.99& SHIPS FREE Frontiersman Bear Deterrent Pepper Spray 9.2 oz Aerosol with Belt H...$39.99 Adventure Medical Kits SOL Heavy-Duty Emergency Survival Blanket OD...Add to Cart for Price
- $3.59
Adventure Medical Kits SOL Escape Lite Bivy Survival Sleeping BagAdd to Cart for Price Adventure Medical Kits SOL Hybrid 3 Survival, First Aid, and Gear R...Add to Cart for Price Adventure Medical Kits SOL Emergency Shelter KitAdd to Cart for Price Adventure Medical Kits Thermo-Lite 2 Bivvy Emergency Survival BlanketAdd to Cart for Price Coghlan's Family Pack Lightsticks Pack of 8$7.49 5ive Star Gear Signal Mirror$9.49 - $10.99MSRP: MSRP is Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price or the selling price that the manufacturer recommends for its products. $14.95 - $19.95 Coghlan's Lightweight Emergency Tube Tent$7.99 5ive Star Gear Multi-Purpose Survival Tool Stainless Steel Coghlan's Emergency Air Horn$10.09 Adventure Medical Kits SOL Emergency Survival BlanketAdd to Cart for Price Coleman Pocket Hand Saw SteelRolls Royce Phantom Hire West Midlands
Welcoms to Rolls Royce Phantom car hire West Midlands. We are West Midlands’s leading prestigious car hire company specialising in Rolls Royce Phantom hire for all occasions. We offer our services in West Midlands and all surrounding areas.
Rolls Royce wedding hire West Midlands- your wedding day will be one of the most important days of your life. You will have all the best things for your grand day, wedding venue, church, flowers and the dress, why don’t you top it all off by hiring one of our Rolls Royce phantom the world’s most luxurious car. We can offer you a package to suit your needs from a three hour church wedding package to an all day Asian wedding hire. This includes complimentary champagne and the car will be fully decorated for your wedding. Our professional chauffeurs will smart and polite throughout the day. Please call our wedding planner on 0845-2340659 to make your wedding arrangements and to view the car in person.
Phantom car hire Royal Ascot West Midlands - Royal Ascot is the grandest horse race in the world. This meeting is attended by the queen herself. Why don’t you this year attend in style by hiring our Rolls Royce Phantom with up to three of your friends. We can arrange a tailor made package for. We could pick you up from any destination you require and take you to Ascot once there we provide picnic tables and chairs so you can have lunch by the races if you desire. Upon return we can take you straight back home in pure comfort or if you still have the energy you could have a night on the town.
Prom hire Rolls Royce Phantom West Midlands - Proms are now a must for every school leaver, as more and more schools are getting involved in this once in a lifetime event. Every year you see school leavers hiring out limousines to mark the end of school life. Why don’t you do one better and hire our phantom you will be the prince or princess of the ball by arriving in a Rolls Royce Phantom. If you do require a limousine then we recommend the biggest and most prestigious limo hire company in the Midlands and Yorkshire.
Phantoms for any occasion West Midlands - we cater for all special occasions please just ask and we can meet most demands. If you have a golden wedding anniversary and want to treat your long life partner to a special treat then hire one of our beautiful Phantoms. We can offer a door to door service for theatre trips or even hotel visits and shopping trips to West Midlands.
Birthdays, valentine’s night or just a special treat for you loved one we have a package to suit everyone. Your loved one will be feeling that extra special when you arrive to pick her/him up in a Rolls Royce phantom. Just see their eyes light up, that alone is worth the hire of this cruise liner on wheels.
Rolls Royce phantom airport transfer West Midlands - we can transfer you from any major airport to your desired venue. After a long flight why don’t you sit back relax and enjoy a glass of champagne whilst the driving is done by the professionals. We also provide services for business meetings too.
Car Hire West Midlands - Phantom Hire West Midlands - Rolls Royce Cars West Midlands - Phantom West Midlands
mother's day garden 2
Playback Media
Multiple flowers are on a yellow canvas with subtle shadows in the background. The words “Happy Mother’s Day” have been removed making this a great background to use for any type of service. This is part of a service pack called, “Mother’s Day Garden”.
$3.00
More from this producerSee More from Playback MediaI’m still in Philadelphia, but for realsies, now, I won’t be writing for a while after this entry. My training village in Madagascar is something like 40 miles away from the capital and our village doesn’t have phone lines or Internet access.
There are 26 trainees—eight males, eighteen females—in my training group, and they are all my soul mates or heterosexual life partners. Nearly everyone has traveled abroad at some point, and they are really interesting and fun people. It’s incredible how similar we are and how much fun we have together. Plus, it’s comforting to speak with people who are doing exactly what I’m doing and have thought and felt exactly what I’ve been thinking and feeling. We all have aspirations and anxieties about doing the Peace Corps in Madagascar, and these commonalities downplay my worries and make me more optimistic for success.
After I last left you, I met two trainees who were headed to Burkina Faso and four other trainees who are in my group. We had dinner and chatted over beers at an Irish pub. The next day we had registration and a four hour orientation session where we talked about the Peace Corps’ history, its role in the world, and how it was different from other international volunteer efforts. What’s nice is that unlike many non-governmental or non-profit organizations, the Peace Corps doesn’t throw money at a country and expect success; it instead operates at a micro-level where volunteers bring progress and sustainability to countries community by community. And instead of being driven by drivers and living in compounds with other foreign volunteers, Peace Corps volunteers are immersed in the country’s culture so we can be gentle American ambassadors and also bring the country’s culture back to Americans. (By writing this blog, I’m contributing to one of the Peace Corps’ objectives of cross-cultural education.)
Yesterday, Sunday, we took anti-malaria pills for the first time. Most of us were issued mefloquine, a once-a-week malaria prophylactic that apparently has the nasty side effect of giving us very vivid nightmares. Over dinner at a Thai restaurant with other trainees, I joked that that night we would dream of riding elephants into a phone booth, and on the other end of the booth’s long hallway we would meet Richard Gere wearing a fanny pack and saying, “Here is your Malagasy host family,” and from his fanny pack would produce our host parents and host siblings. For better or for worse, I did not have such a dream last night. I’ll keep you updated on the vivid nightmares.
The Peace Corps gave us debit cards loaded with $180 for meals, transportation, and anything else we needed while in Philadelphia. Since the Peace Corps is a U.S. government agency, our debit cards were hilariously and obnoxiously patriotic: They had an American flag covered in text from the U.S. Constitution and a huge “We the People.” I was surprised that it didn’t feature President George Washington with a hand over his heart looking stoically into the distance. We’ve been living extremely comfortably on this money—it’s more than enough for the three days that we’re here for orientation.
I just got out of today’s eight hour orientation session where we learned about cultural adaptation and immersion, Peace Corps policies, health and safety, and our schedule for the next few days. There were many ice breakers, skits, and group exercises throughout. At the end of the orientation, our speaker, a former Peace Corps volunteer who served in Costa Rica 1983-1985, teared up as he wished us well for our next two years abroad. Some trainees teared up, too. The twelve hours of orientation heightened our anticipation for our adventure. A female trainee told me, “I feel like I’ve been drinking the punch. When I call my parents and they ask me if I’ve changed my mind about the Peace Corps, I’ll just laugh.”
We’re taking a bus to New York tomorrow and leaving in the evening for Johannesburg, South Africa. We’re spending a night there, but the Peace Corps is advising us to stay in our hotel rooms since the city is apparently really dangerous. The next night we’re flying to Antananarivo, Madagascar and spending a night there. On Friday, we go to our training village and meet the host families with whom we’ll be living for our ten weeks of training. I’m trying to picture in my mind what my life in the training village will be like four days from now, but I still cannot. Me, hut, moon, lemurs?
Aw you’re my soulmate too Jordy! Can’t wait for more fun on that 18 hr plane ride tomorrow 🙂
“they are all my soul mates or heterosexual life partners”
Oh, Jordan. I miss you and your eccentricities already.1854. Two United States naval officers share a cabin on a ship called the USS Cumberland. Their names are Raphael Semmes and John Winslow and we can assume they are friends as well as colleagues.
When they write their autobiographies years later, neither man will mention the time they spent together.
Semmes and Winslow were destined to find themselves on opposite sides in the American Civil War, skippering vessels which fight one of the most famous battles in maritime history. A battle which ends a truly remarkable story of courage or villainy, brilliant naval warfare or piracy, call it what you will.
The victors were Winslow and the USS Kearsarge. The vanquished were Semmes and the Confederacy’s most destructive commerce raider, a ship which had terrorised Union shipping for two years. A ship built in secret. A ship half crewed by Englishmen from Liverpool. A ship called…
ALABAMA
In June 1861 the American Civil War was just weeks into what would be a bloody four year conflict. Nevertheless, a quick thinking Confederate secret agent arrived in Liverpool and commissioned the building of a vessel known only as Number 290. Both he, Georgian James Bulloch, and Birkenhead shipyard owner, John Laird, knew the score. The anonymous craft must purport to be a merchant boat – after all, isn’t Great Britain neutral? The two men shook hands on the deal and construction began.
Union interest was quickly aroused. The US consul, Thomas Dudley, made repeated complaints to the British authorities that Number 290’s intentions were far from peaceful. He employed spies and private investigators to infiltrate the Laird work force but still, thanks to incompetence or deceit, the Government refused to act.
Number 290 was launched on May 14 1862, and christened Enrica by a mysterious, unnamed woman, probably Bulloch’s wife. As Union pressure continued to mount, Bulloch maintained his illusion by hiring an English skipper and crew. Time was running out – rumour had it, correctly, that the United States War Ship Tuscarora was steaming to the River Mersey intent on stopping Enrica leaving port.
Sea trials were hastily arranged and the Enrica, complete with her local skeleton crew, left British waters and set course for Praya Bay in the Azores. Bulloch, meanwhile, traveled to London, bought another boat and loaded her with coal, guns and ammunition. This vessel then set the same course as the Enrica.
Back in Liverpool, Confederate naval officers were gathering in secret, awaiting the arrival in the Mersey of the steamship Bahama, also crewed by Britons. On board was Captain Raphael Semmes, who collected them and headed for the rendezvous in Praya Bay.
On August 20 the Bahama met up with the other two vessels. Guns and equipment were transferred and, in less than 72 hours, the Enrica became a fighting ship.
Semmes gathered together the crews of the three ships and explained that Enrica was now a Confederate warship and that she would be deployed as a commerce raider against Union shipping. He gave the men a choice – either ship out on the Bahama, or sign on with him. If they stayed they could expect double pay, double rations of grog and plenty of action, plus a share of any prize money from captured ships. They could also, he added, expect tough discipline.
Almost to a man, they chose to stay.
On August 24, the British flag was lowered and replaced by the Confederate banner.
The Alabama was born.
For the next twenty months the CSS Alabama roamed the seas to act out one of the greatest sagas in naval history. Newspapers the world over carried stories of her exploits. The US and British governments exchanged repeated diplomatic blows as her tally of victories increased.
There was nothing new about commerce raiding, but the ferocity with which the Alabama set about her task was staggering. Raphael Semmes knew the Alabama was fast enough to catch the swiftest clipper and run from the North’s battle ships if she had to. Armed with six 32 pounder cannons and two pivot guns, and with the advantage of both steam and sail, she was a commerce raider second to none.
In early October 1862, steaming west towards New York, the Alabama was pounded by a cyclone for over an hour. Suddenly all was calm – she was now at the very centre of the storm. The men on board knew that only one ship in a thousand survived such an event.
The Alabama was such a ship. When the cyclone passed over her, lashing her for a second time, she was still sailing.
Captain Semmes went into port only when absolutely necessary; he took supplies from captured ships. The Alabama was rarely out of action, destroying more than fifty Union ships, releasing ten on bond, and turning another over to Confederate use. The total cost to the Union was almost five million dollars in lost vessels and cargoes.
But inevitably the campaign took its toll and the Alabama needed repairs. Captain Semmes decided to make a run for the neutral French port of Cherbourg. Arriving there on June 11 1864 he released prisoners taken from the ship’s latest victims and asked for permission to enter dry dock. He was told that only the Emperor, who was relaxing in Biarritz, could make such a decision.
So, as the Alabama waited for Napoleon III to complete his holiday, news of her arrival in Cherbourg reached Flushing in Holland where the United States War Ship Kearsarge was standing by. Captained by Raphael Semmes’ former shipmate, John Winslow, the Kearsarge set sail with all speed.
When the Kearsarge steamed towards Cherbourg harbor, Winslow could see the Alabama still waiting for dry dock. She was in a pretty poor state, but Winslow knew he couldn’t attack her in French waters. So he turned the Kearsarge around and took up station outside the breakwater. He would simply sit and wait until the Alabama left port.
Captain Semmes was now faced with a simple choice. He could stay safely on neutral territory and let the Alabama die slowly. Or come out fighting.
Semmes didn’t hesitate. A note was delivered to the Kearsarge via the United States Consul in Cherbourg. Semmes stated politely but bluntly that, as soon as the Alabama was re-coaled, battle would commence. As the Alabama was prepared for battle the predominantly English crew amused themselves with this song:
“We’re homeward bound; we’re homeward bound
and soon shall stand on English ground.
But ere that English land we see
We first must fight the Kearsargee.”
Word spread. A crowd that would finally number more than 15,000 began to gather in Cherbourg. Every vantage point along the coast was taken by people eager to watch the greatest raider of all time fight for her life. Excursion trains from Paris carried thousands from the capital. Artists set up their easels overlooking the harbour to record the battle for posterity; even the great Edouard Manet would later capture this defining moment on canvas.
At 9.30 in the morning of Sunday June 19, a day of fine weather and low winds, the CSS Alabama steamed out of Cherbourg harbor. The USS Kearsarge was standing off some seven miles out.
As the two ships closed on each other, the Alabama opened fire. The Kearsarge replied as the two ships circled each other.
But the Alabama had problems. Her powder was in poor condition after so long at sea. Some of her shells hit the Kearsarge but failed to explode. And she was taking more and more punishment. What is more, Winslow had covered the hull of the Kearsarge with chains, a primitive form of armour, and spectators also observed that the firing of the Alabama’s gunners was often wild and ill-considered, while that from the Kearsarge was cool and calculated.
Hit in the stern below the water line, her engines disabled, the Alabama began to sink. She carried on firing until Semmes gave the order to abandon ship.
As the Alabama flooded there was no cheering from the men on board the Kearsarge. All was silence as the Alabama went down.
Small boats picked up the survivors, including Captain Semmes, who was taken on board a steam yacht owned by a John Lancaster of Hindley Hall in Wigan. Remarkably, Hall had come to Cherbourg to take a ring side seat at the battle. He took Semmes to Southampton and safety.
21 members of the Alabama’s crew were killed, 12 by drowning. 21 were wounded and 70 made prisoners of war. The Kearsarge suffered only three wounded, one of whom died later from his wounds.
An historic lawsuit ends the Alabama story. In 1871, the British government agreed to pay more than fifteen million dollars to the United States, admitting that it had failed ‘to use due diligence in the performance of its neutral obligations’.
One thought on “NUMBER 290 – the story of CSS Alabama”
Fascinating story Mark!!Linda Ikeji, a Nigerian celebrity blogger is celebrating her 36th birthday today September 19, 2016.
The celebrity blogger, who posted on her Instagram page on Monday said she hopes to settle down soon with her husband and kids.
According to her, “my prayer as I turn 36 today is to find an amazing guy soon, settle down, have a bunch of kids and continue to live, impact my world and make a difference. Please say a prayer for me! I mean it! :-)”.
She further stated that .”
Ikeji went further to ask her fans, family and well-wishers to pray and also asked everyone to pray along with her.
Also, happy birthday to everyone else born today. May God continue to bless, love and protect us. Thank you guys so much for all the lovely birthday wishes that I know will come. Massive hug and plenty kisses”, she wrote.
By Tony NwanneSeymour Duncan Pegasus 8-String Passive Guitar Pickup Black Bridge
(BlackBridge)
Sku #J01396000002001
Seymour Duncan
J01396
LROAAJ
Specialty Guitar Pickups
-
- Write a Review
FREE SHIPPING on Almost Everything!Details
Nike Air Flight Low Wolf Grey/Persian Violet/White Shoes
RETRO HOOPS CLASSIC
The Nike Air Flight Low Men's Shoe features a lightweight synthetic leather upper and soft Phylon midsole in an iconic 90s profile.
Benefits
- Synthetic leather upper with overlays for comfort, support and durability
- Perforations for breathability
- Phylon midsole with Air-Sole unit in the heel for lightweight, responsive cushioning
- Translucent rubber outsole with herringbone pattern for traction and durability
- Foam collar offers comfort around your ankle
- TPU eyestays help laces stay in place
Write Your Own Review
Nike Free Hypervenom Mid Villain Red/Light Bone/Poison Green/Aubergine Shoes
Regular Price: £135.00
Special Price £50.00
Nike SB Stefan Janoski Max Suede Skateboarding Shoes Hyper Grape/White/Black
Regular Price: £115.00
Special Price £45.00
Nike Zoom Vapor 9.5 Tour Blue Lagoon/Volt/White/Classic Charcoal Tennis Shoes
Regular Price: £120.00
Special Price £47.00
Nike Air Flight Low Wolf Grey/Persian Violet/White Nike Sport Shoes
Regular Price: £95.00
Special Price £41.00A person has died in a house fire near Ararat at the weekend.
Weather: A top of 22 today. possible late shower and partly cloudy.
Trains: Trains are running on time today in our part of the world. Bad luck if you're in Gippsland though, with a few minor disruptions over there.
What's on around Ararat:
Ararat Active City: Ararat Take Off Weight Naturally (TOWN) Club, 6.30pm - contact Marianne 0417 107 583.
Quote and Picture of the Day:
"He needs around $8000 for a wheelchair and we are just trying to get it as soon as we can, because the funding waiting list is about 12 months and I can't carry him for that long," - Sarah Day said of her son Jacob's need for a wheelchair.
See tomorrow's Ararat Advertiser for the full story.
Pic of the day.
Discuss "Around Ararat today: May 19"
Please note: All comments made or shown here are bound by the Online Discussion Terms & Conditions.Download Resource 14320 views • 6699 downloads Category: icon This Minimal 1px Line Icon Set was designed by Yumi Hsiao - Dribbble - Twitter - Website - Source page If you like this free resource, share it: Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest Add Minimal 1px Line Icon Set to my collection You may also like... Apple MusicAndroid IconsGame Consoles and EquipmentMail iconDIY: How to Make a Pinecone Star - using yard sticks, hot glue and pinecones - via Ella Claire Inspired
For a full farmhouse look, a small wooden box works great as kitchen storage. Corral cutting boards and spices to keep items neat and tidy on your kitchen counter.
Decorate A Living Space For Christmas – 25 Inspirations2002 Land Rover Freelander
This vehicle only has 80,300 Miles!
Photos
Visit the “Photos” tab below to see larger images.
Details
Online Only Auction of 2002 Land Rover Freelander, 4D, Sport Utility HSE
This vehicle only has 80,300 Miles!
The items are being sold out of our warehouse located at 822 Distribution Drive, Beavercreek Ohio!
Preview will be announced!
The Auction will Begin in January!
Removal will be at 822 Distribution Drive, Beavercreek Ohio
The vehicle has leather interior, 2.5L Motor, 4WD/AWD, Power Locks, Sunroof, Leather Seats, Alloy Wheels, Automatic Transmission, Harman Karden Sound, Front Seat Heaters and More!
Vin# SALNE22202A209584<<Local makeup artist and entrepreneur Brandy Gomez-Duplessis has developed her own BGD brand makeup lines with an eye toward wearability, easy application and vivid colors. Her Screaming Purple eye dust is iridescent when applied, adds dimension to eyes and lasts through hours of fun, $14. Another option is BGD's Purple Haze eye shimmer, packaged as a loose eye shadow powder for easy application and has a silver dome lid for a touch of class on your dressing table, $18. BGD also offers a purple pressed-powder eye shadow compact for those who like to carry their makeup around for touchups, $14. All are available at BGD Make-Up Artistry & Beauty Bar (1800 Hastings St., 427-1169;). Give your lips an equally royal countenance with special purple gloss from Lip Lingerie that contains lip-plumping ingredients and real sterling silver flecks to reflect the light from every angle for added dimension and beauty. The gloss, which clings to the lips for staying power, is packaged in a pot to make it easy to apply with a lip brush, and comes in a special decorative box that makes it look like a luscious bon-bon, $20, from Makeup by Robert Hudson (603 1/2 Metairie Road, Metairie, 837-0905).FREE advice on practising safe sex was handed out in Coventry city centre as health advisers used Valentine’s Day to send a message about being responsible in love.
Teams from NHS Coventry, the council’s Respect Yourself and the Terrence Higgins Trust hosted a stand in West Orchards Shopping Centre on Saturday.
Visitors were able to pick up a goodie bag containing sweets, information about practising safe sex and a condom.
It was all part of Contraception Awareness Week. For more advice or information on contraception and sexual health contact CASH (Contraception and sexual health) on 024 7684 4105.JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Zoom
The Father is probably Strindberg’s best-known play, described as ‘great realism’ it focusses on the struggles between natural forces.
The Father was a turning point for Strindberg, as he subsequently moved to write in a style he described as "artistic-psychological writing". Adapted in this edition by Richard Nelson, a leading playwright and adapter in America, this version was first perfomed at the Roundabout Theatre, New York.
August Strindberg, Gregory MottonName: Danish krone
Symbol: kr
Minor Unit: 1/100 Øre
Central Bank: Danmarks Nationalbank
Country(ies): Denmark, Greenland, Faroe Islands
Name: Egyptian pound
Symbol: £
Minor Unit: 1/100 Piastre
Central Bank: Central Bank of Egypt
Country(ies): Egypt
Today's DKK-EGP commentary
The current DKK-EGP rate is at the moment quite close to its highest value of the last two weeks. Its highest level observed during this timeframe was DKK 1 = EGP 2.9229, yesterday at 2:00 PM. This actual high level of the Danish krone-Egyptian pound is in stark contrast with the recent much lower value (DKK 1 = EGP 2.8269) observed on January 9, when sending 4,000 DKK for example converted into only 11,307.78 EGP (the exact same transfer is equal to 11,657.98 EGP at the moment).Stay with me here folks, I’m ranting..
There was a time in my life when I genuinely thought I was too old to play games that were ‘aimed at kids’. I thought I was too cool to bother myself with games that weren’t interested in tasking me with shooting everything in sight, or asking me to put the sports ball in the sports net. Like many, this time came whilst I was a teenager; a time when ‘I knew everything’ and certainly didn’t have an ‘attitude’. Like most people however I grew into my twenties, and naturally sort of grew out of it. I like to think as a 29-year-old I’ve got a means to evaluate things that aren’t exclusively designed for me.
To cut a long story short, after I posted my Wii U Ranked list last Friday, a friend on Twitter reached out to me and made a comment that I’m still struggling to comprehend 4 days later. Now I’ll start by saying he’s a positively nice bloke, and I have no grudge against him in at all. It’s just this comment, or the accumulated 15 years worth of comments on the subject (from other people) that have forced me to this point today.
The offending tweet wasn’t nasty, it wasn’t even argumentative, but it’s one I’ve heard hundreds of times before, and I think I’ve finally reached braking point. His reply to my list was (paraphrasing in 5..4..3..2..1) ‘How can you rank a list of Wii U games when they’re all aimed at children’.
My initial response was to ignore it, to let it slip through the void. He’s entitled to his opinion, just like I am. However I found myself thinking about it for the rest of the day; clearly it had rubbed a nerve. You see, I’ve heard it many times before. Mainly when I was at school, trying desperately to explain why the Gamecube was such a cool system to a group of friends who only wanted to play GTA3 and FIFA.
I’m a firm believer that Nintendo doesn’t make games for children; they make games for children, adults, boys, girls. They make games that can be enjoyed by anyone from any race, of any geographic location. They make games that any person can play, regardless of skill level as a gamer. They make games for anyone who fancies playing them.
They make games with colourful pallets, of worlds that look inviting; fantastical even. They make games with bubbly looking characters, not because it’s childish or immature, but because they want to; because it’s fun to design characters and their worlds around more than just the boring realities of the real world.
If you think all of that constitutes a game that’s aimed at children then I genuinely feel sorry for you. Games come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them are hyper realistic first person shooters, some of them are ridiculously cute town simulators and some of them are nothing more than lines on a black screen.
Now don’t get me wrong, I’m not saying that there aren’t games exclusively designed for children to enjoy. And I’m not saying that as a fully grown adult you’re wrong for skipping them, I would too. I just feel that for too long some people have assumed that because Nintendo (and others) make games that aren’t brown and realistic that they’re kids games. The same way I cringed when I hear people say Ghibli, Disney and PIXAR make ‘kids movies’ because they’re all animated. It’s just not true.
There’s nothing wrong with playing your 12th FPS of the year, but shrugging off an entire library of fantastic games because you deem them too colorful for your adult tastes is silly and a little sad. And at the end of the day, the only person you’re conning is yourself.
So whilst you’ll continue to ignore games that don’t immediately appeal to you, I’ll be over here, throwing myself into the game where you play as a plumber with a water cannon on his back and a mayor with a graffiti problem.
One thought on “I rant about Nintendo, kids games and some other stuff.”
Well said! Couldn’t agree moreA popular Hartlepool gym has proved its strength yet again.
For the second year in a row, The Sports Domes Fitness Zone has been voted as the Hartlepool Mail Gym of the Year by readers.
The main gym at the Fitness Zone.
The Tees Road facility has only been open for a little over four years, but has clearly proved a hit with members.
Gym manager Mark Price said: “It’s a great achievement for us to win this competition for the second year in a row.
“We’d like to say a big thank you to the members for supporting us, and voting for us to win again.
“This is brilliant recognition for the gym and we’re really happy to win this award again.”
It’s a great achievement for us to win this competition for the second year in a rowMark Price
The Fitness Zone opened in March 2013, and features state-of-the-art cardiovascular and resistance machines, a steam room and a host of classes.
However, for Mark, the key to the success of the gym is its membership, and the efforts made to keep all members as happy as possible.
He added: “We’ve got a good core group of happy members who have been here from the start.
“We concentrate a lot on customer service and making sure all the members have a good experience.
The studio at the Fitness Zone.
“We also have state-of-the-art facilities and a full range of classes so we can offer something for everyone.
“The gym was opened in March 2013, so we’ve come a long way in the last four years.”
Hundreds of votes were registered in the competition, after 10 gyms were nominated for the prize.
Bodytalk, Bodywise Gym, Fit4Less, Fitness Factory, Gym 360, Jupiter Health Club, Lifestyle Fitness, Brierton Community Sports Centre and Xtreme Fitness were also nominated.
The sauna and steam room at the Fitness Zone.
The Mail asked readers to tell us why their favourite gym was the best, and to select their pick of the bunch from the list of nominations.
Voting opened in March, but despite strong competition from elsewhere, the Fitness Zone again came out on top.
The Mail would like to thank all entrants, as well as all those who voted.Health feel enough pleasure and pride to introduce ourselves as the leading health package services providing company in india.
Realindia Tours & Holidays
Realindia Tours & Holidays, Mt 93 N ,chamber Plaza, Kerala - 670002, India
Patient Health Record
Deals in medical education services, nursing services
Bukovenian State Medical Academy
Sco 11 Sector 20 D, Chandigarh - 160020, India
Deals in nursing services
Inscol Academy
Tower E, 1st Floor, Dlf It Park, Chandigarh – 160 101, Chandigarh - 160101, India
Deals in Educational Services, nursing services
Kanika Nursing Academy
Sco 29, First Floor. Sector 20d, Chandigarh , India
Deals in health camp
Medilab Specialities
Sco 269, First Floor, Sector 32 D, Chandigarh - 160017, India
Deals in collective investment service, pharmaceutical service, Project Management Service, Warehousing Service, Packaging Service, retail service
Anush Infobase
65, 2nd Floor, 2nd Main, Pushpanjali Talkies Road, Shivanagar, Karnataka - 560010, India
Health Forecasting Services
Deals in life prediction services, astrologer, face reading services, Marriage Prediction Services, Career Prediction Services
Palmist & Astrologer
Flat No. 192-a, Sec-45-a, Chandigarh, Chandigarh - 160047, India
Deals in health agencies services
Travelsafe Clinic
Scf 85 (ff), Phase Â�� 7, Chandigarh , India
Health Insurance Services
Deals in Health Insurance Services
Effort Bpo
A 2/5 2nd Floor Pitampura, Daman & Diu - 154552, India
Health Insurance Services
Deals in Health Insurance Services, Life and General Insurance Services, car insurance services, motor insurance services, Life Insurance Services, General Insurance Services
Insurance India
512, Mhc, Manimajra Chandigarh, Chandigarh - 160101, India
Post your Buy Requirement
Deals in health care service
Chitra Enterprises
27 M.w. Industrial Area Phase-1, Chandigarh - 160002, India
Deals in Health Care Services, nutrition advice, online health diet consultation, weight loss dietitian, complete health checkup, thyrocare health packages
Live Life More
# 3258, Sector 46 C, Chandigarh 160047, Chandigarh , India
Deals in Hospitality Services
Himalya Hospitality Pvt Ltd
B,98 Sarvoadev Inclave New Delhi, Chandigarh ,
Sturgen Healthcare
, Punjab , India
Ambedkar Hospital
, Punjab , India
Deals in Soil Testing Services, Health Care Services
Cognizant Technology Solutions
Silver Jubilee Block,behind Unity Building Complex, 3rd Cross, Mission Road, Karnataka - 560027, India
Bonafide Digital Solutions India
63,2nd Floor, 18th Cross, Margosa Road, Behind Hdfc Bank,., Karnataka - 560055, India
Deals in Health Care Services, Banking Services, Software Maintenance Services, Software Development Services, Financial Services, Website Designing Services, Web Hosting Services, Training Services
Trisoft Solutions
No. 261, Ns Complex, Triveni Road, Gokula I Stage, Ii Phase, Yeswanthpur, Karnataka - 560054, India
Deals in Exhibitions Services
Sheru Classic
3216 Phase 2, Punjab ,, bronchoalveolar lavage services, endobronchial ultrasound services
Jindal Clinics
Sco 21 , Sector 20 D, Dakshin Marg, Chandigarh -160020, Chandigarh , India
Rigel Health Care
, Chandigarh , India
Ids
Sector 34, Chandigarh - 160034, India
Trans Gene Biotek Ltd
Ida Bollaram, Andhra Pradesh , India
Deals in Patient Management System Services, Patient Health Record Services, Best Hospital Management System
Bridging Healthcare Technologies
Sco 169-170, 2nd Floor, Sector 8-c, Chandigarh 160009, Chandigarh , India
Iva Healthcare
, Chandigarh , India
Dinesh Kumar
Sco-371-373, Cabin No. 7 - 8sector 34-a,chandigarh (u.t), Chandigarh , India
Deals in Diet plans, Health Care Services, dietitian services, Weight Loss
Dietitian Lavleen's Weight Loss And Nutrition Clinic
# 3278 Sector 21 D, Chandigarh - 160022, India
Deals in emotional counseling services, Health Care Services, psychologists
Cheer Up Services
Sco 9-10,sector 11 D,chandigarh,indiapin- 160011, Chandigarh , IndiaA Taste Bud Sensation in Marlborough
Pair world famous Marlborough wine with fresh local seafood for the ultimate vine-to-glass, ocean-to-plate, wine and food experience.
Gourmet Delights in Marlborough
Por MarlboroughNZ.com
Seafood in Marlbrough
Por MarlboroughNZ.com
1 / 2
Calling all lovers of food and wine, here is a few ideas to get your holiday plans started when visiting Marlborough.
DAY 1: Wine Country
Start your day exploring a selection of over 30 cellar doors on a tour of Marlborough’s wine trail. Compare wines from throughout the region, learn about the history of wine in Marlborough and visit boutique family producers as well as recognised international brands.
Indulge in a leisurely lunch at a vineyard restaurant, and pair the wine with fresh local produce to create the ultimate match made in Marlborough.
For those who are wanting something more active, join a wine tour by bike and cycle your way around the Marlborough wine region.
Relax that evening in a local hotel or motel, or one of the many boutique B&B's or vineyard cottages dotted throughout the wine region.
DAY 2: Hidden Surprises
Spend the morning visiting some of Marlborough’s boutique food producers. Sample their delicious products, whether it be olive oil, hazelnuts, herbs, award-winning cheeses or summer fruits – there is sure to be something to delight. Enjoy lunch at your choice of vineyard restaurants, or a cafe or restaurant in Blenheim before spending the afternoon learning how to blend a fine wine, the choices are endless.
Alternatively, explore the Marlborough Sounds on a seafood cruise. Visit a King Salmon farm, learn about mussel farming and sample the freshest of salmon and mussels matched with a Marlborough Sauvignon Blanc. Opt to stay in a waterside resort or holiday house in the Marlborough Sounds, or relax at one of many accommodations in Picton or Havelock.
NOTE: Seafood cruises are available from Picton or Havelock.
DAY 3: Options Galore
Continuing on the food and wine theme and explore more of Marlborough’s wineries, comparing flavours of the same varietal from across the region. If you're in Marlborough on a Sunday, don’t miss the Farmers’ Market for a collection of produce from throughout the region. In the heart of the wine region you'll also discover a luxurious chocolate factory, with the most amazing selection of sweet treats.
Further on, be sure to stop at The Vines Village, home to a collection of boutique stores and family friendly acticvities. If a break from food and wine is needed, visit local gardens and artists’ studios, or be inspired by the heroes of WWI and WW2 aviation at the Omaka Aviation Heritage Centre made possible by film director Sir Peter Jackson’s Wingnut Films and Weta Workshop.
Artículo de
Destination Marlborough
Escrito: 3 artículos
Discover long hot summers and blue-skied winters, from alpine peaks to the Marlborough Sounds. Discover gourmet food and world class wine, from luxurious resorts to rustic vineyard restaurants.
¿Tienes una gran historia para contar? Agrega tu artículoSix Tips For Writing An E-Mail To A Prospect or Potential Partner
.
For example,.”
Scott Adams in “How To Tax the Rich“
-.
- The Schoolboy Approach: write an outline. Normally shorter is better for an opening e-mail and you may be able to expand each item into a single sentence instead of a paragraph or a section and be done.
-.
- Begin With The End In Mind: Write the e-mail you would like to get in response to your e-mail. Use that as a guide to crafting your approach (from Stephen R. Covey’s 2nd Habit: “Begin With The End In Mind”).
- Use Your Right Brain Instead Of Your Left: sketch out the issue or proposal on a whiteboard, a piece of graph paper, a 3×5 card, or a napkin depending upon where inspiration strikes you.
See also
Continue Reading 2 CommentsAbout the editorial you ran on Kendall Jones: I don’t think this argument is true for all people or women out there… at all.
I live in Texas. I’m a blonde. My dad owns a few guns as well as my husband and I go to the shooting range all the time. Most everyone would say I’m a million times prettier than Kendall Jones so it’s not out of jealousy or anything (lol) that I dislike her stance on killing exotic game. And I don’t think all of her critics are about not wanting people to have guns.
I think everyone should be allowed to own guns under the Second Amendment to the Constitution. I don’t think that her going to Africa to popularize shooting big game animals, some of which (including lions) are near endangered has anything to do with this belief. If she is hunting wild lions that’s a shame because they care close to being on the list and if it was a canned hunt then these beautiful majestic animals are being raised just to be hunted and slaughtered. The article basically makes it seem like people can’t actually care about the animals being killed–to want to preserve their wild beautiful natural life they have–and care about gun ownership.
I think labeling people who are against Kendall as being against the Second Amendment is sad and lumping all her opponents out there in with all these negative things was really disappointing to read.
This letter-to-the-editor was written by Guns.com reader “Brooke”. The views and opinions expressed in this post are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the position of Guns.com.
Post your CommentsKerry Dunlop
Senior Event Manager
Best event you’ve ever worked on?
The back to back Ski incentive trips to Switzerland where I spent 11 days, it was an incredible experience and opportunity. My office was the Swiss Alpes and snowy Ski peaks and my job was to look after 2 groups of really lovely and fun clients. The highlight of this trip was learning to ski during my down time in between the two events.
Most memorable event experience?
Flying to Japan and Tel Aviv. Two places I never saw myself going personally but enjoyed the culture and sites whilst looking after my clients who had a wonderful closing dinner trip to both destinations.
Why do you love the industry?
I love the creativity of the industry and that it is such a driven industry with so many equally passionate people in the industry. Personally I love that no event is ever the same, even if it’s a repeat event and that there is nothing better than taking a brief and then seeing the end results. It also helps that we travel to some incredible locations and often are fortunate to stay in some amazing hotels and enjoy some wonderful food.
Bucket list destination?
Hands down, it would be New York and Hong Kong… I would also jump at the opportunity to go to Iceland.
Party trick or random fact?
I grew up in Malawi, Africa.
.(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)There’s a lot of information out there in the blogosphere. Some good. Some almost good. A lot… well, just… not good. And even amongst the good, some ideas stick and some don’t. But sometimes you find the information you need, just when you need it. And those are the magic moments.
Here are a few ideas that are resonating with me as I draft my 2014 Project Plan:
1. Why You Should Build a Habit of Writing Every Day from David Spinks:
“In a tech world where everything is constantly changing there’s one thing that has remained consistent for as long as we’ve had business and that’s writing.”
2. How to be The Luckiest Guy on the Planet in 4 Easy Steps from James Altucher:
“The “idea muscle” atrophies within days if you don’t use it. Just like walking. If you don’t use your legs for a week, they atrophy. You need to exercise the idea muscle.”
3. How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big by Scott Adams, as shared by Shane Parrish:
“Goal-oriented people exist in a state of continuous pre-success failure at best, and permanent failure at worst if things never work out. Systems people succeed every time they apply their systems, in the sense that they did what they intended to do.”
4. Screw New Year’s Resolutions – Try Designing Your Career from Jennifer Dziura:
).”
5. The secret for keeping a New Year’s resolution: KPIs from Penelope Trunk:
“KPIs are humbling. They are not grand, change-the-world goals. They are small reminders of where you really are in this life.”
How about you? What’s resonating with you as we approach the New Year?
(Photo by Sarah Joy via Flickr, licensed under Creative Commons)
Pingback: Why 2014 Is The Year You Change | SoshiTech - Social Media Technology - Soshitech.comThe Hanover District is unique in that it includes a major city as its capital, Hanover, thus making it by far the most populous district in Germany. For this reason, it officially goes by the name Region Hannover.
Hanover District Map
Cities & Villages in Hanover District
The vast majority of the area’s 1.2 million residents are concentrated in metropolitan Hanover. The city is renowned for its international trade shows, such as Hannover Messe a.k.a CeBIT, a huge technology event held each March. It also holds the world’s biggest Oktoberfest celebration outside the original in Munich.
Once you get beyond the city, life seems a little more relaxed. The old mining town of Barsinghausen, for example, is a great place for nature walks. To the northeast, Burgdorf is a quaint setting for meals, especially when they include the local specialty, asparagus. And Garbsen, to the northwest, offers art galleries and museums to slow your pace, including the fascinating Doll and Toy Museum.
Among other surrounding towns, Langenhagen has a beautiful garden, featuring Europe’s largest water fountain. Wunstorf has several museums for you, plus easy access to lovely Lake Steinhud. Meanwhile, Neustadt am Rübenberge, with its 800-year history, will take you back in time at its 13th-century Our Lady’s Church and 16th-century castle.
So by all means, see the city of Hanover. Then, be sure to appreciate the tranquility, extending in all directions, so close at hand. ;-)It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!
Does anyone know if it is possible to detect what side of a physics object has been collided with? For example if the bottom of a square has been hit and then it does something, but NOT do anything when it is hit from any other side?
Thanks for any help in advance,
Jonathon
If you have a look at one (I can't remember which) of the physics demos, it actually circles the vertices which collide.
@JonoGaming00 This kind of interested me, so I thought I'd create a small example. The red circles show the contact points. This should work with any type body, but I was lazy and only used circles. The function that determines the contact points for collisions is the bod:collide function. Everything else is just standard code. I tried to make it as simple as I could so it would be easy to understand.
@Ignatz I couldn't find the demo I think you mean, but I have found they all do what @dave1707 has done with his code.
@dave1707 I think this what I am looking for. However how do I use this to determine what side has been collided with?
@JonoGaming00 In your first post you're talking about a square. To determine which side of a square was hit, use the x,y values of the squares corners and the x,y values from my program. That can tell you which side was hit.
When I have time, I'll setup a square in my program and see what really happens.
@dave1707 I see what you mean. I'll give that a shot!This landscaped tropical garden and marine attraction has shows with dolphins, sea lions, penguins, and more. Not to be upstaged, parrots perform daily, too. Scuba demonstrations, shark feedings, and underwater shows keep the crowds entertained. The park has interactive programs, including a trainer-for-a-day program ($199 per person) and a dolphin encounter ($150). Allow about 3 1/2 hours to see it all, more if you do one of the encounters. Note: Swimming with dolphins has both its critics and its supporters. You may want to visit the Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society's website at.Similar Items
Details
ITEM#: 14230883This Browning M784 Stag Packer Semi-Skinner Knife features a durable stainless steel blade and a genuine stag handle. This knife comes with a top-grain leather sheath.
- Designed by Russ Kommer
- Top-grain leather sheath included
- Brand: Browning
- Model: 322784
- Blade materials: Stainless steel
- Handle materials: Genuine stag
- Blade length: 3 1/8 inches
- Handle length: 4 inches
- Weight: 0.6 pounds
- Dimensions: 7.5 inches long x 2.375 inches wide x 2.75<<Tulsa, OK and 8 other locations
Director of Nurse Residency BSN MSN$90K - $120K
Coordinates and facilitates Nurse Residency and Nursing Retention programs, strategies and initiatives, including materials and resources as needed to ensure goals and objectives for quality patient care are achieved.
5 - 7 years experience•
••
Patient Care
Posted by William GreenbergThis next part of Carpenter’s story brings up an important issue. Indenture amounted to legal slavery, but it appears that even some Natives pursued this option over being imprisoned on a reservation. Reservations were notoriously dangerous places, where Natives were dependent on incompetent and downright abusive Indian agents for food, shelter and protection. Ironically, they also became collecting spots for Indian traders. The concentration of Natives on a reservation made it easier for men to gather children and young squaws without the trouble of hunting them down. Natives who attempted to leave the “protection” of the reservation were sometimes shot, even if they were starving and in search of food.
I believe there were quite a few settlers that offered asylum to the Natives through indenture. It was a scary time to be Indian, and for some, falling under white protection, even if as a slave, may have been their only hope.
Continued from 8/31/09 post
… About this time the Department of Indian Affairs ordered all Indians living in their tribal relations to the reservation. Many of them had been there, and not liking the treatment they received, preferred rations of acorns a part of the time and starvation afterwards to going under Uncle Sam’s protection.
An attempt was made to force them to the reservation, but they fled to the hills and did not return until the officers were at a safe distance. The local story runs that then a learned judge of Cal- pella in his blandest tones tried persuasion. ” Now, boys,” he said, addressing them, ” I have been here among you a long time, and you all know I am ami- cus humani generis, or I wouldn’t be talking to you today; and I am thoroughly convinced that it would be to the interest of every one of you to go sine. mom. Of course you would be kept sumptibus publicis, and if everything didn’t go adgustus, it certainly is the great desideratum. We do not intend to force you to go nolens volens, but as I have tried to make you understand, it most assuredly is commune boiium.”
O, why did n’t he say ” nix cum rouse,” and give them a certain time in which to guess the puzzle ! [Lynette’s note… this is completely lost on me… anyone that can explain this is encouraged to try]
Before the second appearance of the officers, determined to enforce the governmental order, many of the Indians took advantage of the State law, and obtained guardians,— whole families being bound to one person. The rest again sought shelter in the mountains. Conspicuous among the latter were Captain John and family.
In Little Lake Valley some persons were bitterly opposed to Indians, and aided the officers in getting them to the reservation. A little later some of the exiles returned to their homes and were shot down like wild animals. Two old blind squaws escaped in the brush and were soon several miles from their murdered companions; but it was not long before hunger overcame their discretion, and their piteous howls attracted the attention of some hunters, who kindly took them to a neighboring valley. From that day to this, Little Lake Valley has had no resident Indians.
The Indians were quiet and well-behaved, and made their guardians no trouble ; but to the shame of some of the guardians, the same cannot be said of them. In many cases a great mistake was made as to the party that needed restraint. A few of the Indians were allowed to remain in the rancheria, were paid for all labor as before, and kindly treated, but the majority were forced to come and live on the ranch and work without remuneration. Some complained that they did not even have enough to eat. Some guardians were so exacting that if an Indian was wanted for work he must come, unless his excuse was as good as that once given for a witness who did not appear in court. There were nine reasons why the witness was absent. ” State them,” said the Judge. ” In the first place he is dead.” Just so with the Indian who would remain at home in harvest time; to do so with impunity he must be dead. Once an Indian who refused to work had his hands tied behind him with one end of a lariat, the other being securely fastened to the horn of the rancher’s saddle; thus the trio started for the harvest field. The horse bucked his rider off, and dragged the Indian some distance. When he was picked up, both arms were dislocated at the shoulder, having been turned from back to front. This of course was an extreme case, and did not meet with general approval. A more common method of correction, as an Indian expressed it, was to be ” whipped with a picket fence.”
Many times, under the cover of night, the rancheria has been surrounded by human monsters, armed with knives and pistols. The poor creatures, afraid of their very lives, have many, many times left their beds and fled for protection to a neighboring farmhouse. If an Indian dared attempt a defense of his wife or sister, he was fortunate indeed if he escaped a shot or stab, in connection with a sound beating.
The kind farmer who gave the Indians permission to come and sleep in his barn at such times was a good Samaritan on many occasions, and is still able to laugh over his great surgical feat of putting in place Sam’s protruding liver, and stitching a knife wound of several inches in length, which was inflicted by a boy still in his teens.
Once, a boy on his way home from school threw a stone at some majellas. and killed a baby that hung in a basket on the mother’s back. It was the expressed opinion that he was a bad boy. but no complaint was made ; probably his parents never even heard of the circumstance.
To be continued …
More happy stuff, I know, but I think the perspective of a first hand witness is invaluable to the study of this time period.
sigh
There isn’t much to say to this, is there?
no, there isn’t. Where do we find a way to see our own horrors as clearly as we can see those of the past? Reading this it seems so obvious that the “good” people should have fought to protect the Indians. What will our descendants think we should have seen?
Oh geez… that is such a frightening thought.
Though I think if we are objective… there are so many human rights violations and cruelties happening every day (I don’t know if you saw my post about what is happening in the Congo
But I think we do know what is wrong, and what we tolerate anyway… this is such a big topic…
It brings up the question of what we should do, and what we can do, realistically…
Which is probably EXACTLY the questions folks here faced back thenSep 5, 2017 – News Today September 5, 2017 stock Royal Bank cutting 450 jobs, mostly in GTARoyal Bank of Canada says it is cutting 450 jobs, primarily from its head office locations in the Greater Toronto Area as it tries to revamp its business in light of shifting client preferences. Warning message... Link to actionLink to action
NEW BLOG POST: Upgrading to Windows 10 not only means decreased risk; it also means multi-layered defense against ransomware and other advanced attacks. Read the post
Java/Blacole
Alert level: Severe Detected with Windows Defender Antivirus
Also detected as: No associated aliases
Summary
Microsoft security software detects and removes this family of threats.
You should also update your software to be fully protected.
These threats are part of the Blacole family of malware. For more information, see our Blacole family description.
Concerned about incorrect detections?
If you suspect a file is malware or has been
incorrectly detected, submit the file for analysis.This webcam is currently assigned to miguel303xm. It was originally added on 27 פברואר 2009 and has been viewed 36,765.Cross-border shipper sale of the hot sale pearl earrings in Europe and the United States new chain earrings fashion long - White
Rhinestone Chain Earrings - Silver
Personality Star Moon Asymmetry Pendant Long Claw Chains Earrings - Black
Fashion Design Alloy Chain Tassels Long Drop Earrings Geometric Circle Charm Jewelry - Black
Fashion Long Tassels Chain Pendant Earrings with Diamond Gold Plated Charm Jewelry - Golden
Faux Turquoise Owl Necklace and Earrings - Cyan
fashion style Sun moon long chain dangle earrings - Gold
European and American hot style jewelry new fashionable quality chain ear jewelry wholesale geometric ear nail earrings - Gray
European and American hot style jewelry new fashionable temperament chain ear earrings wholesale round ear nail earrings - Green - 1pc
Rhinestone Teardrop Necklace and Earrings - Silver
Triangle Shape Necklace and A Pair of Earrings - Rose Madder
Elegant Faux Pearl Crocodile Necklace and Earrings - Golden
Fake Crystal Flower Bib Charm Necklace and Earrings
A Suit of Rhinestone Alloy Necklace Earrings Bracelet and Ring - Golden - One-size
Glass Cabochon Necklace Earrings Bangle Set (Totally 4 pcs) Colorful Life Tree Art Picture Pendant Statement Chain - Blue - Pack Of 3
Faux Turquoise Tortoise Necklace and Earrings - Cyan
Oval Faux Gem Rhinestone Necklace and Earrings - Silver And White
New Sweater Chain Large Mermaid Pendant Necklace Turquoise Tassel Ornaments - Silver
A Suit of Delicate Filigree Wave Teardrop Rhinestone Necklace and Bracelet Earrings and Ring For Women - Rose Gold
Europe and the United States new money decoration retro bohemian national wind green pine stone set chain - Antique Brown
Multilayered Tassel Resin Circle Necklace and Earrings - Black
Rhinestone Heart Longline Tassel Torque and Earrings - Blue
Enamel Multicolor Elephant Necklace and Earrings
A Suit of Delicate Tassel Rhinestone Teardrop Pendant Necklace and Earrings - Black
New English Letter Personality Necklace Leaf Feather Sleeve Chain - Antique Brown
European and American Jewelry Pineapple necklace alloy Sleeve Chain - Antique Brown
Europe and the United States new bohemian set necklace cactus Green pine stone sweater Chain - Antique Brown
European and American Alloy Tassels Decorated Vintage Pineapple Sweater Chain Necklace - Antique Brown
Long Double Chain Rhinestone Metal Choker Necklace - Golden
Trendy Solid Color Necklace and A Pair of Solid Color Women's Earrings - Golden
Rhinestoned Leaf Chain Ear Cuff - Silver
Delicate Long Style Rhinestone Tassel Earrings For Women - White Golden
Claw Chains Tassel Geometric Rhinestone Earrings - Snow White
Pair of Tassel Bead Chain Drop Earrings - Red
Fashion and Stylish Rivet and Chain Embellished Earring With Comb - Gold
Black Long Chain Tassel Exaggerated Personality Stud Earrings with Big Diamond - Black
Simple Style Geometric Arc Pearl Chain Stud Earrings - Silver
Fake Pearl Water Drop Earrings - Pink
Rhinestone Inlaid Pendant Chain Earrings - Silver
Faux Pearl Star Chain Earrings - Silver
Pair of Disc Pendant Long Chain Ear Threads - Golden
Faux Turquoise Heart Pendant Necklace and Earrings - Cyan
Pair of Round Pendant Long Chain Ear Threads - Silver
A Suit of Vintage Faux Gem Elephant Necklace Bracelet and Earrings - Red
Rhinestone Long Chain Earrings - Silver
Artificial Gem Oval Tassel Chain Earrings - Golden
Adjustable Faux Pearl Chain Earrings - White
Asymmetric Chain Tassel Pentagram Earrings - Black
Round Chain Fringe Jewelry Set - Golden
Bohemia Leaf Feather Chain Tassel Drop Earrings - Blue
Rhinestone Hollow Out Necklace and Earrings - Silver
Rose Butterfly Teardrop Earrings - Red
Faux Crystal Flower Chain Earrings - White
Waterdrop Faux Gem Chain Earrings - White
A Suit of Stylish Rhinestone Spliced Necklace Bracelet Ring and Earrings For Women - Golden
Fashion Golden Tassel Long Chain Pendant Earrings Jewelry - Golden
Alloy Chain Bead Earrings - Silver
Claw Chain Double-layer Diamond Inserts Earrings - Silver
Fashion Ladies Chain Pearl Earrings - Gold
Fashion Design New Style Geometry Triangle Chain Tassel Long Drop Earrings - GoldenSkip intro and go straight to my lazy form validator example!
The more sites I develop the less time I want to spend doing those repetitive tasks that are almost identitcal per page so that I have more time for the interesting code. Client side form validation is one of those tasks that I find myself copying and pasting the function from another page then editing it so that the check statements reflect the form elements that need validating on the current page. As well as being pretty boring work its something that can be made into a generic re-usable piece of code. I remember many years ago when I first starting writing Javascript that one of the first pieces of code I wrote was creating a generic form validation routine. However that version used custom element attributes to tell the validation routine what type of validation test to run, whether the element was a required field and also relied on a title attribute being supplied for the routine to have a nice label to display in any error message to the user. This meant the following problems:
- Custom attributes meant the page would not validate correctly as the XHTML would not be semantically correct.
- You couldn't just add the script and an onsubmit handler to any page you wanted to use it on as it also required that any form elements that required validating would also need custom attributes added to them.
Therefore I abandoned this generic route and went down the route of creating local functions appropriate to the page they were located on.
Then the other week I came across the old function and realised that because times have a changed and we are moving into the world of unobtrusive Javascript and the splitting of content and presentation which meant we now had standardised our code so that every element had one or more classes attached to it that they could be used to the same affect as the old custom attributes. Therefore I re-wrote the function so that it works in the following way:
Include a reference to the script in your page which you can download here.
Attach an onsubmit event handler to the form you wish to validate that calls my Validate function passing a reference to the form e.g
onSubmit="return Validate(this);"
To configure how each form element is validated you add one of the following class names to the element.
TextInput, NumericInput, IntegerInput, DateInput, EmailInput, URLInput, PostCodeInput, PhoneInput
e.g <input type="text" class="TextInput" id="txtName" />
To make a required field so that the element has to have a value supplied you add an extra class name "Required" to the end of any existing classes.
e.g <input type="text" class="TextInput Required" id="txtName" />
The title of the control that appears in any validation error message is determined in the following ways:
- Using the value of any corresponding label tag. To do this you set the id of the label so that it has the same name as the element you are validating once you remove the prefix which should be lbl (lbl=label). Eg for a control with an id="lstAge" the label should be id="lblAge"
- If no label is found with a corresponding id a function is called that takes the id of the control you are validating and tries to convert it to a nice description by calling a function that parses camel case text to convert to nice string. It does this by stripping any prefix (str,txt,lbl,num,dt) and then placing spaces before any capital letters eg dtDateOfBirth becomes Date Of Birth.
The script also trims extra white space and does some basic XSS hack checking.
An example of the script in action is below.Palmyra Resort Three Corners is a hotel complex situated in the picturesque resort of Nabq Bay, Sharm El Sheikh. It consists of rooms designed to offer guests comfort and services. The hotel amenities include swimming pools for adults and children, restaurants, bars, Oriental Corner cafe, Trixie Kids Club, wellness centre, internet services diving facilities and a playground, among others. It is an ideal choice for families and couples looking for relaxing and entertaining vacations. The hotel is located approximately 5 minutes from the airport and 9 km with a free shuttle bus every hour to the beach..Basel's chemicals industry had more bad news on Tuesday as Switzerland's second biggest producer, Ciba, announced it would cut 450 positions by the end of next year after the release of worse than expected financial results.
A company statement said the job cuts were to be made through natural attrition and would mainly affect the paper treatment and water additives units. It said that the move would help achieve annual cost savings of SFr70 million ($42 million).
Although the group saw its net profit rise by three per cent over the first six months of the year to SFr222 million, sales were down one per cent in local currencies to SFr3.86 billion. The operating result also fell.
Ciba said it now expected the market for specialty chemicals to contract this year rather than grow two per cent as originally forecast. But it said it expected a rebound in the United States economy by the end of the year, helping sales momentum next year.
Ciba's crosstown rival, Clariant, reported last week a 50 per cent decrease in its first half earnings to SFr143 million and said it would slash 1,000 jobs worldwide to cut costs.
Companies have recently announced a swathe of job cuts as they attempt to protect shareholders from the effects of the economic slowdown.
The engineering concern, ABB, is in the process of reducing its global workforce by 12,000. Silicon Graphics' withdrawal from canton Neuchatel will cost 300 jobs, and most recently, Gretag Imaging on Monday said it was axing 800 positions after the slump of demand in the United States.
swissinfo with agenciesLet me present a thought experiment. Suppose the twentieth century had gone a different way. Europe is now ruled by a rejuvinated Habsburg Empire. These Austrians are America’s main compeditor for world power. The Habsburgs are aggressively Catholic; they have declared that they will use any means at their disposal, not excluding military force, to rid the world of American-sponsored evils like abortion. Suppose half of academia was Catholic and fairly obvious in their support of the Empire. Suppose crypo-Catholic movies were constantly coming out of Hollywood. Who do you think would be more inclined towards a confrontational posture towards the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the right or the left? Who would be more inclined towards negotiation or even appeasement?
Sometime during the last century, the stereotype of right-wing aggressiveness became quite widespread. On the one hand, conservatives and reactionaries were supposed to be prone to violence, always eager to see war as the solution to every foreign difficulty, and filled with a murderous hatred for other countries. On the other hand, liberals, leftists, and socialists were thought to be pacifists at heart and naive in their inability to see the need for prudent self-defense. Now, it is not true that conservative beliefs logically lead to militarism; nor is it the case that liberalism logically entails pacifism. However, stereotypes don’t come from nowhere, and this one was certainly based on a legitimate observation, regardless of how it was misinterpreted. To understand it properly, we should remember who the main foreign threat was from 1945-1990 for America and the other nations that once constituted Christendom. It was, of course, the Soviet Union and its Warsaw Pact allies. These countries were seen as threats partly because of their military power, but primarily because they were the bearers of a revolutionary ideology that denied our legitimacy.
Communist beliefs were no secret to anybody. All the authoritative structures of the West–the patriarchal family, the Church, the nation-state, private property–were regarded as forms of oppression. They had no right to exist; in fact, it was every communist’s duty to hasten their demise. With the communists, there could be no peace, but only temporary truces, because for them we had no legitimacy. To them, we were like terrorists who have taken an airplane full of hostages. One might negotiate with the terrorists, it’s true, but only because one is forced to. However, one never imagines that the terrorists have any legitimate claim to their hostages, and one sees no obligation to negotiate in good faith when trickery is an option. To the communists, our governments, our employers, our bishops, and our fathers were just a gang of hostage-takers who had managed to abduct entire nations.
It may be true, as the paleoconservatives point out, that foreign wars are a threat to American traditions and a spur to big government, so the right should try to be against them. In the face of a revolutionary threat of this sort, though, these worries are academic. Communism was a threat to everything conservatives were committed to defending. And the threat was real. Half of the world had already fallen to these new Jacobins, and they had won the allegiance of our intellectual and entertainment classes. On the other hand, to a liberal, the communists were basically right in their criticism of us. The respectable liberal only objected to the brutal means the communists used–they were trying to go “too fast”. On the destination, there was little dissent. Therefore, both sides were partly wrong and partly right, so the hostility between them was tragic and unnecessary. Hence, it made sense that in the Cold War, it would be conservatives who would lean “hawkish.”
Why, though, were people so quick to generalize and speak about propensities of the “right” and “left” in general. As a viewer of 1960’s science fiction, I think I can answer that too. Firstly, all the television and movie makers were rooting for the communists. Second, their audiences most certainly were not. Screenwriters knew that nobody would pay to see a movie about heroic reds defeating reactionaries and capitalist pigs to set up the dictatorship of the proletariat. Still, they wanted to advance the Cause somehow. So they struck up the idea of advancing “peace”: movie after movie and TV show after TV show would advance the idea that everyone could get along fine if we could just get rid of a few people (inevitably American military men) called “hawks” who want to provoke a nuclear war for no reason. By sapping the will of the West to resist while doing nothing against communist morale (after all, these movies weren’t made for them), these peace movies effectively advanced the communist side. As a side effect, they gave us our contemporary stereotypes about rightist hawks and leftist doves.
Filed under: Conservatism vs Liberalism |
Unfortunately such left-leaning ideological distortion still seems to be with us! The good news is that their media monopoly is *gone*.
Hello Mr. Long,
Thanks for stopping by. I’d like to take comfort in what you’re saying. It’s true that the news media can no longer spin stories with complete impunity. On the other hand, leftist hegemony in the academic and entertainment worlds (where opinions are really shaped) seems to me more complete than ever. Still, I guess those of us “on the wrong side of history” should welcome any good news that comes our way.
Hello: this is several years later, but you seem to have been prescient. The “left” nowadays (not a monolithic term) in American politics seems to lean heavily towards war with various foreign powers, at least as heavily as the “right”. I wonder if at least some of this is due to the alleged “conservatism” of the new Russia. Sorry about all the scare-quotes, but political alliances are shifting so rapidly in America as to make all these terms somewhat doubtful (their usage varies depending on the speaker) .Log In needed Muffin - German Shepherd DogReport Ad
Shelter: BC SPCA - Kelowna
Animal ID: 437547
Birthdate: July 12, 2009 - Adult
Spayed/Neutered: Yes
Female
Likes: playing (chuck-it balls are my favourite!) & going for walks, swimmng, giving and receiving affection, spending time with people.
Dislikes: being overweight, spending too much time by myself.
Ideal home: Muffin is a friendly, easy-going dog. A typical Shepherd, she has a lovely abundance of energy. As she is a bit overweight, she would benefit from short, frequent walks daily and a good play session outdoors. Staff would be happy to provide you with more information on what sort of nutritional plan would help her reach her optimum weight. She has potential to be placed in a home with another dog as she has been pleasant meeting other dogs in our care.
Muffin just might be the dog for you - please let the Kelowna SPCA staff know if you are interested in her!A stupid scammer sent me The Fightback Ninja an email saying that Fred Jones of the FBI wants to give me $5.5 million.
I don’t think so. This is just a scam sent by a moron intent on stealing from people.
The email is addressed to ‘worthy beneficiary’ because they don’t know my name – even though they claim they want to give me the money.
To demonstrate its credentials, the email lists ‘relevant agencies’ involved in agreeing the payment and that includes some well-known international agencies such as the CIA, but also “Justification Office of the Money Laundry’.
That’s a wonderful name for an agency.
We all know the concept of money laundering from American cop shows (my favourite is Walker, Texas Ranger because Chuck Norris is the King of Karate) and the scammer clearly has a sense of humour but don’t forget this is part of a plan to steal from people.
I won’t be contacting Fred Jones of the FBI for my money anytime soon.
I am the Fightback Ninja and I would never fall for a scam, never mind such a stupid one.
Do leave a comment on this post – click on the post title then scroll down to leave your comment.
Clippers Owner, democrats are racists, Donald Sterling, LA Clippers, LMFAO: Racist Clippers Owner Is A Far Left Democrat About To Be Given NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award, NAACP Lifetime Achievement Award, NBA Owner, Obama Condemns ENTIRE US for NBA Owner’s Racist Comments in Malaysia – Says US Still Wrestles With Slavery (Video), Obama Tells Freudian Truth In Malaysia & Many Blacks ARE Slaves To The DNC. "Gimme Cracked Corn', Obama Tells Freudian Truth In Malaysia & Many Blacks ARE Slaves To The DNC. "Jimmy Cracked Corn', RACISM, slavery
Obama’s Freudian Slip In Malaysia & Many Blacks ARE Slaves To The DNC. “Jimmy Cracked Corn’
Obama was in Malaysia where the Malaysians protested him because he is hated there as much as anywhere else.. But, he told a Freudian truth: Obama Condemns ENTIRE US for NBA Owner’s Racist Comments in Malaysia – Says US Still Wrestles With Slavery (Video)
Here are the facts about Obama’s Democrat blacks:
- Many blacks in America live in tiny quarters that the liberals call ‘projects.’
- Many blacks are on food stamps and welfare, they have food rationing. On EBT and welfare, there are certain foods that one cannot buy because the food is regulated.
- Many blacks graduate with a 27% average in school because it’s ‘racism’ to not graduate them. Many are uneducated because of this.
- Majority of Obama’s blacks are in the Democrat party, up to 87% and the DNC tells them WHO to voted for: The Democrats.
FACTS about slavery:
- Black slaves lived in tiny quarters.
- Black slaves had rationed food: Popcorn was a big snack for blacks as whites ate cake
- Blacks slaves were not educated and would have probably been at a 27% or less education average like many blacks are now.
- Black slaves, who were freed by the Union army were told ‘who’ to vote for. Why? Because they gave them 40 acres and a mule.
What is the difference in then verses now?
Blacks democrat slaves who live in the ‘projects’ and exist on welfare do not have to work.
We can all see where Jim Crow is still alive: The Democrat Party.
This is why I do not react at all to racist accusations. Because I have ALWAYS known who the real haters of minorities, mentally ill, elderly and basic humanity are: The Democrats who enslave minority and sick Americans in a psychological noose. Minorities & others should be able to determine their own future without big government, even if they fail. At least they would be able to say that they were never ‘3/5ths of a person.’
Jimmy “Gimme” Crack Corn (children’s song)
My husband exposes black on white crime here because we expect black citizens to act like every other citizen, yet, they call my husband racist…
W H A T E V E R.
Reblogged this on CLINGERS… BLOGGING BAD ~ DICK.G: AMERICAN ! and commented:
GyG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reblogged this on Brittius.com.
Reblogged this on U.S. Constitutional Free Press.
You have never written more truth than this!
Keep up the good work!
Pingback: Obama’s Freudian Slip In Malaysia & How Many Blacks ARE Slaves To The DNC. ‘Jimmy Cracked Corn’ | The Mad Jewess | Defending Sanity in the Uppity Down World
Pingback: Obama bashes America - claims we still wrestles with slavery VIDEO
Pingback: Obama’s Freudian Slip In Malaysia & How Many Blacks ARE Slaves To The DNC. ‘Jimmy Cracked Corn’ | Grumpy Opinions
Reblogged this on oogenhand.
NO video there, L44Detail
Torero Athletics: Football Wins PFL Title; Volleyball, Basketball Teams Triumph
The Torero football team's blueprint for success each season is the same. And it works, year after year.
"Our goal every year is to win the Pioneer Football League."
San Diego's 63-7 road win over Davidson College in North Carolina on Nov. 11 clinched the PFL title outright and with it, the league's automatic berth into the NCAA Division I FCS playoffs. The Toreros, 8-2 overall and 7-0 in the PFL, are the first FCS team to clinch a playoff spot. It will be the program's third playoff appearance in the last four years.
Another similarity for the Toreros' success was the play of quarterback Anthony Lawrence and the USD offense making it a long day for the opposition.
San Diego amassed a school-record 706 offensive yards, led by Lawrence, who completed 24 of 28 passes for 403 yards and three touchdowns before his day concluded with USD ahead 49-7 in the third quarter. On Monday, Lawrence was named PFL Offensive Player of the Week.
Lawrence's touchdown passes went to receivers Justin Priest, Ross Dwelley and Michael Bandy. Priest had eight catches for 110 yards and a 13-yard TD. Bandy had a 25-yard TD reception to highlight his six-catch, 133-yard performance. Dwelley had an 8-yard score as part of his four catches for 99 yards.
The ground game was impressive too with Joseph Binda Jr., Blake Martin and Emilio Martinez all getting into the end zone. Other highlights included defensive lineman Jonathan Petersen, USD's all-time sack leader, playing a fullback role and scoring on a 1-yard run; Backup quarterback Alex Farina ran 87 yards for a score in the fourth quarter and later had a 12-yard touchdown pass to Alex Spadone to complete the scoring.
Defensively the Toreros were paced by Arrion Archie, Marcus Vaivao and Max Michaels, each with seven tackles.
This Week: Football vs. Marist, Saturday, 2 p.m., Torero Stadium. On Sunday, USD Football will learn about its first-round playoff matchup when the FCS bracket is announced.
The USD volleyball team concluded West Coast Conference road play by sweeping its two matches in the Pacific Northwest to improve to 21-4 overall and 14-1 WCC.
The team has now won 11 straight matches and on Monday, San Diego learned it has moved up one spot in the AVCA national Top 25 poll to No. 11.
Against Portland on Nov. 9, the Toreros won 25-16, 25-23, 25-14. The team's hitting percentage was .341 and four players had at least eight kills each, led by Lauren Fuller’s 10. Jayden Kennedy chipped in nine kills and Roxie Wiblin and Kaity Edwards each had eight kills with Wiblin also contributing 10 digs. Kristen Gengenbacher had 39 assists with seven digs. Wiblin led the team with 10 digs. Merve Tanyel had nine and Lizzy Tardieu added eight.
At Gonzaga on Nov. 11, San Diego swept the Bulldogs 25-16, 25-23 25-16. This win was USD’s 17th sweep of the year and the volleyball team's road record improved to 10-1.
Wiblin had a team-high 10 kills on a .556 hitting percentage while also contributing eight digs. Kennedy and Edwards chipped in nine kills each. Gengenbacher posted 33 assists and Tardieu had a game-high nine digs.
This Week: Volleyball vs. Santa Clara, Thursday, 7 p.m., Jenny Craig Pavilion; vs. San Francisco, Saturday, noon, JCP.
The men's basketball team, led by junior Isaiah Wright and teammates Olin Carter III, Isaiah Pineiro and Cameron Neubauer, put together a great opening-game performance in an 81-64 road win against San Jose State on Nov. 12.
Wright paced the way with a game-high 22 points to go with 7 assists and 5 steals. He was followed by Carter III with 18 points, and forwards Pineiro and Neubauer, each with 13.
“I thought we came out and dictated how the game was going to be played,” said USD Coach Lamont Smith. “We did a great job in the first half from pushing the ball to defending. We have a little more depth this year and will be able to play nine or ten guys. It was a great team win. Isaiah (Wright) is our quarterback and we are going to go as he goes in a lot of ways. He sets the tone offensively by his push and he’s our defensive guy at the top. He’s just a tremendous basketball player and we are blessed to have him with our program.”
Wright was named the WCC Men's Basketball Player of the Week on Monday.
For the game the Toreros shot 57.4 percent from the field (31-54), an impressive 52.9 percent from beyond the arc (9-17) and dished out 15 assists while totaling eight steals.
This Week: Men’s Basketball vs. Robert Morris, Wednesday, 7 p.m., Jenny Craig Pavilion; vs. Norfolk State, Saturday, 7 p.m., JCP; and vs. Arkansas-Little Rock, Nov. 21, 7 p.m., JCP.
The women’s basketball team opened their 2017-18 season with an 82-53 win over San Diego Christian in a rare game played at USD’s Sports Center Gym, its former home site.
Caroline Buhr led the Toreros with 19 points on 8-for-10 shooting and grabbed 11 rebounds. Buhr was one of 10 Toreros to score in the game as San Diego jumped out to a double-digit lead in the first four minutes of the game and never looked back.
Patricia Brossmann, Myah Pace, Madison Pollock and Aubrey Ward-El each had at least six rebounds as well.
This Week: Women’s Basketball vs. Southern Utah, tonight (11/14), 6 p.m.; USD at Bank of Hawaii Classic (Honolulu): vs. Boise State, 6:30 p.m., Friday; vs. Hawaii, 7 p.m. Sunday.
San Diego’s season ended in heartbreaking fashion when Santa Clara’s Andres Jimenez scored in the 85th minute to send the Toreros to a 1-0 defeat on Nov. 11.
Jimenez headed in a corner kick from teammate Javier Ruiz Duran for his first goal of the season to lift the Broncos (3-13-1, 3-3-1 WCC) to victory. It was a tough way to finish for the Toreros (8-6-3, 2-3-2 WCC), which went 0-3-1 in its final four matches of the season.
The defeat marked the end of an era as it was the final match of Seamus McFadden’s 39-year head coaching career. He has been the only head coach in Toreros history and concludes his career with an all-time record of 385-285-70. Longtime assistant Brian Quinn, will take over as head coach and McFadden will stay on as an assistant.
The Toreros had their chances offensively throughout the match and were paced by Miguel Berry, who managed three shots. Berry’s best opportunity came in the 72nd minute when he weaved through the Broncos defense and got a right-footed shot away just inside the 18-yard box that was on target. However, Berry could not get enough on his shot to beat the keeper.
Thomas Olsen played well in goal and made four saves to close out his outstanding collegiate career in which he is ranked among the top-10 in every goalkeeping category in program history.
On Tuesday, men's soccer learned it had six players receive All-West Coast Conference honors. Aaron Frey was named the WCC Freshman of the Year, the sixth USD player to earn that honor. Miguel Berry was named to the All-WCC first team, while Henry Lander and Olsen claimed second-team recognition. Djordje Babic, Freddy Polzer and Frey were honorable mentions. Frey was also named to the WCC All-Freshman team.
The men and women’s cross country teams finished their season Nov. 10 at the NCAA Western Regional meet in Seattle. Despite an early hiccup in the women’s race, the Toreros still placed 23rd out of 36 teams. The men’s team finished 27th.
Early in the women’s race, senior Julie Giannini was tripped up by fellow racers. However, she got back on her feet and finished the 6k race in 22 minutes, 09.6 seconds. Leading the pack for the women was freshman Madison Lambros who placed in the top 100 racers with a time of 21:31.6. Sophomore Cassidy Kuhn was the next Torero to finish, doing so in 22:09.5, followed by Giannini, Hannah Rasmussen and Hope McLaughlin.
The men had a tougher time, placing 27th out of the 30 teams. Senior Liam Burke had the best time for USD on the 8k loop, posting a 31:35.7 mark and placing an even 100th. Max Pedrotti was next in 32:29.8, then Patrick Burke, TJ Hodges and Isaiah Quiambao rounded out USD's top five.
Summer Mason was named to the All-West Coast Conference first team among four San Diego women’s soccer players to earn conference honors.
It is the first first-team honor of Mason's career after being named an honorable mention in 2016. She led the Toreros in points (19), goals (9) and game-winning goals (3).
In addition to Mason’s honor, Amber Michel and Tara Meier were named to the All-WCC second team, and Natalie Copenhaver earned WCC All-Freshman Team recognition. The group was instrumental in helping lead the Toreros to a third-place result in WCC play — the team's highest finish in conference play since 2011.
Keep up with all USD Athletics news, scores and information by visiting the website and following the Toreros on social media: Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.
USD News Center
news@sandiego.edu
(619) 260-4681Elf on the Shelf Writing List Christmas Ornament
Personalized Christmas Ornament
Dimensions: 3 1/2" x 3 1/2"
Material: Resin
This personalized elf on the shelf ornament is straight out of the favorite Christmas book that encourages kids to behave during the days that lead up until Christmas when children are anxiously awaiting the arrival of Santa Claus and his sack of presents. The magical elf travels back to the North Pole every night to report your child's behavior to Santa and is discovered in a new location in the morning. This resin personalized elf ornament is like the beloved elf on the shelf toy and is recording behaviors on his list for Santa, perched on a long good and bad list. This ornament is a must have for any family that still believes!
Customer Reviews
I ordered two elves for our grandgirls 2017 ornaments so they can remember, in years to come, their "Petey" (as they've named him) Elf on a Shelf. He is very nicely designed and painted well. He arrived early, and was shipped in excellent packing for a safe delivery. Overall an adorable, excellent product. THANK YOU!!...."Grammy" Andrews
Very happy with the way the 'Elf' personalized turned out.
I ordered three of these wonderful elfs for each of my nephews. They will be so excited to see these fine crafted ornaments on their tree.
I love them! I ordered seven for great nieces and nephews, all personalized. Ordering was a breeze. It took less than a week from order to door, and they are the best! The kids are going to love them. Thank you for making my shopping easy and painless, and thank you for a great product!!
My grandson will love this! Elf on a shelf is important in their house and this will add to the fun. Very heavy duty!
Such a cute Elf on the Shelf ornament! Plus, user-friendly website and good customer service./7/2017 - "Everything was perfect! Thank you so much! Brenda/14/2017 - "Love all my ornaments. Liz"/20/2017 - "I order ornaments as family gifts every year and everyone has been consistently happy with the quality and craftsmanship of the ornaments. Linda/15/2017 - "I've been coming to OrnamentShop for 13 years for an ornament for my granddaughter. I always find something unique. Anonymous Respondent"
8/25/2017 - "Love the selection...gorgeous products. Amanda D."
See all testimonials dating back to 2005!Sometimes, there are not enough scapegoats in the Republican Party for Obama to blame. The impeachable offense circulating around about a job offer for Joe Sestac, possibly Secretary of the Navy, will now be blamed on Bill Clinton.
So, if we need to get to the truth, we can look forward to a legal discussion of the meaning of the word “is” one more time.
Chicago Politics, meet your Arkansas half sibling..
Of course Bill and “Barry” had a meeting the very day Pres B.O. was busy with the Duke accolade. Had to get the signals straight before the release of what happened in the Sestac job offer. Interesting how the old nemisis can become a best bud..
Finally people will see them for the crooks they are. The. Sooner we get the socialist out if there the better!! Remember your vote counts. Nov 2010
we must let them hear our voice.
if we wanted Spector we would have voted for him, how dare they regulate the candidates, this is not democracy. its demockery
Bob – Obama knows what you need. He is far smarter than we are, so this is just Obama protecting us from ourselves. Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmmmm.
I really hope this gets a full and complete investigation. This is the down side of one party rule. No checks and balances. Nothing can be done unless we get them out of office.
republican or democrat, this is wrong, the laws for the people in D C are not meant to be enforced,too many loop holes, we need to start over..Supplier: Nationwide Health & Aged Care Services
24 January, 2013
Nationwide is Quality Assured to AS NZS ISO 9001 (certificate number QEC 12804).
We have a proud record of maintaining this certification since 1998. Our policies and procedures have been written specific to the needs of our customers and requirements around the aged care and health industry accreditation structures. We are responsible for 13 of the 44 aged care accreditation outcomes. Our clients can be confident we partner them in maintaining their own quality programs.Panic! at the Disco at the Hammersmith Apollo
Panic! At the Disco have won us over from the start. Since their formation in 2004 and release of A Fever You Can’t Sweat Out, we couldn’t get enough of their poppy, electric dance punk sound, Brendon Urie’s delicious vocals and their vaudeville style – and neither could the rest of the world.
The debut album went double platinum in the US, sold 2.2 million copies worldwide and resulted in an extensive world tour. The boys followed up their success with the equally sensational Pretty Odd in 2008, which gave us hit singles Nine in the Afternoon and That Green Gentleman. Having recently released their fourth album Too Weird to Live, Too Rare to Die!, the threesome played a much awaited show at Hammersmith Apollo as part of The Gospel Tour – and what a show it was…
There was an incredible atmosphere inside the Apollo as spotlights darted through the crowd, smoke cannons exploded and frontman Brendon burst on to the stage opening the set with Vegas Lights to the passionate screaming of teenage girls (and boys). To our delight, the band played all of our old favourites right from where their music began. We danced along to But It’s Better If You Do and Lying Is the Most Fun a Girl Can Have Without Taking Her Clothes Off like we were 14 again, and the crowd showed equal approval to the fresher material such as the new single This Is Gospel, which we adore. The crowd were mesmerised by Urie not just for his remarkable vocals, but also for his eccentric charm and stage presence.
After their set the band returned for an encore which ended with I Write Sins Not Tragedies (what else?!) raising the roof of the Apollo. We write this suffering with post-gig blues after a sensational night which proved that ten years on, P!ATD are still very much the here and now.
Gemma Whitfield
Photos: Erol Birsen
For further information about Panic! at the Disco and future events visit here.
Watch the video for This Is Gospel here:
YouTube
Tumblr
RSSVilnius 2007
In this section you will find all information related to our conference in Vilnius on 25-28 October 2007. The theme of this year's conference is “ LGBT Rights are Human Rights – Respect, Recognition and Responsibilities”
IL.
Confirmed keynote speakers at the conference include:
- Belinda Pyke, European Commission, Director, Equality between Men/Women, Action Against Discrimination, Civil Society; DG Employment, Social Affairs and Equal Opportunities,
-;
- people.”.
Overyut be contradictory to incur on the tolerance of homosexual and bisexual relationships.
"They should just not be promoted," she maintained.
A vote on the proposals is expected before Christmas.Tagliatelle bolognese
- Rating:
- Serves: 4
- Cook Time:
- Prep Time: 20 minutes
- Effort: easy
Ingredients
For the sauce
- 2 tbsp olive oil
- 4 tbsp butter
- 125 g pancetta, finely diced
- 1 onion, finely diced
- 1 carrot, finely diced
- 1 stick celery, peeled and finely diced
- 125 g lean minced pork
- 375 g minced beef
- 150 ml Italian red wine
- 880 g canned chopped tomatoes
- 1 tbsp tomatoes, paste
- 2 bay leaves
For the pasta
- 200 g fresh tagliatelle
- butter, for tossing
- 1 tbsp finely chopped flat-leaf parsley
- extra virgin olive oil, for drizzling
- freshly grated parmesan, for sprinkling
Method
1. For the sauce: heat the oil and butter in a large pan. Add the pancetta, onion, carrot and celery and sweat over a low heat until the vegetables are slightly coloured and softened.
2. Add the pork and beef mince and continue cooking over a low heat, breaking the meat up with a fork or wooden spoon. Season well with sea salt and freshly ground black pepper and cook until the meat is dry and browned.
3. Pour in the red wine and deglaze the pan. Increase the heat and simmer until all the wine has evaporated. Season well again then add the canned tomatoes, tomato paste and bay leaves. Lower the temperature so that the sauce just simmers, then cover and leave to cook for 1 hour and 30 minutes.
4. For the pasta: boil the tagliatelle in a large saucepan of salted water until al dente (tender but retaining some bite). Drain then add to the bolognese sauce along with a couple of knobs of butter and toss well.
5. Remove the bay leaves from the sauce and check the seasoning. Transfer the tagliatelle bolognese to a serving dish and finish with the parsley, a drizzle of olive oil and some parmesan cheese.
Rate This RecipeTo celebrate the final week of the official Nike.com end of season sale, we’re sharing with you a super Nike discount code – an extra 25% off Nike.com sale items.
Find the discount code and click “Get Deal” below. You’ll need to move fast – this super Nike 2017 Sale offer ends 15/10/2017.
Just do it!Fairy Tale Land
We start where we left off last week. Red and Charming see the King’s men approaching. Red tells him he must leave without her and find Snow. As Charming sets off Red abandons her cloak to face them as the Wolf.
Snow appears to be in a daze. She hums as she sweeps. At first she seems to enjoy a little blue bird that comes to visit her. Suddenly she is angry and swatting at it. Grumpy interrupts her for dinner. Dinner turns out to be an intervention held by the dwarfs and mediated by Jiminy Cricket. The dwarfs are frustrated with how mean she has become. They blame the potion. She blames me, the Queen. Snow declares that she will kill me.
Snow hides out. She attacks one of my knights. She even threatens his leg with a diamond blade if he doesn’t tell her where to find me. The knight cooperates and she knocks him out. After she strips him of his armor so that she can disguise herself Grumpy arrives. He persuades her to come with him to see Rumpelstiltskin.
Charming finds the naked knight and asks him where Snow is. He cannot believe she threatened to kill me.
Grumpy tells Rumpelstiltskin he wants Snow White back to her normal self. No potion can save her…only true love. Snow is only interested in revenge. Rumpelstiltskin gives her a bow and arrow with a map. Rumpelstiltskin tells her he is invested in her future.
Charming arrives at Rumpelstiltskin’s. He draws his sword and demands to know what happened to Snow. He learns of the potion accounting for Snow’s memory loss. He must kiss her to bring her back. All Rumpelstiltskin wants as payment is Charming’s cloak. Charming is confused but gives it to him and leaves after being given a map and warning that he must act fast. If Snow is successful in her assassination she will become evil.
Snow is poised with her arrow. She is ambushed by Charming who forces a kiss on her. She retaliates by knocking him out. When he comes through he realizes he is tied to a tree. She tells him she doesn’t love him and only wants her revenge. He pleads with her and she leaves anyway.
Jiminy Cricket shows up and helps Charming break free. He advises Charming that before Snow can remember she loves him she must remember who she was.
Snow stalks me on my horse riding by with my knights. She shoots off a bow but instead hits Charming. She is furious he has intervened. He is wounded and tells her he loves her and wants to help her remember who she is. She is touched when he tells her he would die for her. They kiss and the spell is broken. She remembers who she is and her love for him. The happy couple are broken apart as the King’s men arrive. They take Charming and leave Snow. She vows she will come for him. Snow returns to the dwarfs and apologizes. They welcome her back and tell her they will help her rescue Charming.
Rumpelstiltskin had told Grumpy earlier that he has not been able to create a spell that was “love.” He has created something using a hair in a potion bottle. He takes the glowing bottle and puts it in a space labeled with a heart.
Storybrooke
Mary’s mugshot is being taken. Emma tells her she has to book her and to please bear with her. They enter an interrogation room where I sit waiting for them. Emma explains that I am there because I want to make sure the interview stays impartial. I listen as Mary is questioned. Emma pulls out the jewelry box and Mary admits it is hers but someone must have stolen it. I reach out and touch Mary’s hand. I tell her I know what it feels like to be in a dark place by losing someone I love. Mary still declares her innocence. Emma pulls me out of the room for intervening. I remind Emma there were no reports of a break in at their apartment.
Emma is at the apartment searching for clues. Henry is there and tells Emma the only one who has motive for setting her up is me. Emma hears noises from the floor and gets an idea to open the floor vent. She finds a hidden dagger.
Ruby serves a cocoa to a sad Henry at the diner. August joins him. Henry tells him he knows Mary is innocent and he needs to help her. August lets Henry know he knows about the book and that the stories are real. Henry is intrigued. August tells him he is there to help people see the truth. He is there to make Emma a believer. Henry opens the book to a picture of Charming.
I am in my office having an apple as David enters. He pleads to me that Mary would never do this. I tell him evil can be disguised. He could be looking right at it and not know.
Mary is almost in tears as Emma tells her about the knife. Mr. Gold arrives. We find out in addition to everything else he happens to be an attorney. He wants to represent Mary for free. Emma tries to send him away and instead Mary asks her to leave as she wants to take him up on his offer. She asks him what he wants. He simply tells her he is invested in her future.
David goes to the office of Archie Hopper. He seeks help with his blackouts.
Henry brings Emma my key ring. Emma dismisses the keys at first but Henry persuades her to try them. She finally agrees and one fits in the apartment’s lock.
David is under hypnosis. They regress so far back that David sees Snow White talking to him as Charming declaring she will kill “her.” David is confused about the memories and believes Mary had confessed to him her plans to kill Kathryn. He does not tell this to Archie but runs out of the office. He heads the to the police station and asks Mary outright if she killed Kathryn. Mary is disappointed in him yet again. She tells him when it was him under investigation she always believed in him. She tells him to leave.
In the morning Mary, who is still in the same street clothes by the way, is making her bed and tidying up. She finds a hidden key. She tries it and it opens her cell. She does not leave and instead shuts herself back in because Emma arrives. Emma tells her that the DNA came back as Kathryn’s. She tells Mary she is on her side and knows she is being set up, but Mary must have faith in her.
Emma goes to see Gold. He agrees Mary is being set up and will help Emma. He is delighted when he asks how far she will go and she has no limits. As he talks to her he examines an old familiar genie lamp and tells Emma she is more powerful than she knows.
Mary’s cell is empty.
Watch the full episode here:The Guardian – Our societies celebrate a singular definition of beauty to the exclusion of others. I think of this when I see stray posts of young women of color – black girls, dark skin girls – sharing their carefree moments, perfect and imperfect.
Selfies allow black women to say we are here, and we are beautifulEvent Details
***THIS EVENT HAS Now sold out – You can Click “join Waiting list” at bottom of this page within the booking section. The Waiting List will be notified in the event of of any cancellations. ***
This Culture Republic event, designed and produced in collaboration with the GFT, champions cultural activity that addresses D/deaf inclusion and those who embed collaboration and the right to access within their programming and delivery.
We have invited a range of collaborators from across the Scottish creative sector to share evolving best models practice models of accessible D/deaf engagement. This symposium offers the rare opportunity to learn first-hand from Speakers who will present case studies where creativity and inclusion have taken centre stage producing exciting and sustainable results. Take time to learn from a D/deaf perspective, meet a range of passionate and highly skilled practitioners from across Scotland and find out how you can inform and improve the work you do in making it D/deaf friendly.
You’ll learn about:
- Understanding the importance of working within equality, diversity and inclusion frameworks
- The need for more inclusive and responsive cultural engagement for D/deaf audiences
- How to become more D/deaf aware and friendly
- Who the experts are
- How to create accessible D/deaf friendly environments
- The business benefits of D/deaf collaboration
- How to build confidence in accessible experimentation
Why Attend?
- You’ll find a space to share best practise in cultural engagement.
- We’ll be uncovering practical ways to bring your equalities strategy to life
- Personal development and awareness building
- The opportunity to network and develop new relationships and partnerships with practitioners and organisations
Joining us on the day:
Our Speakers are champions of D/deaf people, talent, engagement and culture through their programmes. They will each share their unique stories and help us uncover the challenges and rewards found through inclusive practice. Together we will unpick the gaps that exist in the choices D/deaf people have to participate in and access culture.
Join the conversation on Twitter @Culture_Public with #OneAudience
Agenda
8.45am – Registration & Teas and Coffees
9.00 – Welcome & Introduction – Culture Republic
9.10-10.10 – Case Studies (Scottish Council on Deafness, SQIFF, GFT)
10.10- 10.25 Break
10.25-11.45 – Case studies (RCS, Solar Bear, Inkblot Collective, Buzzcut)
11.45-12.00 15 minute Q&A with questions to panel
12.00-12.10 Break
12.10-12.35 Breakout Groups with an expert facilitator – break out to discuss and consider learnings & actions you can take forwards
12.35-12.45 Feedback to the whole group
12.50 Closing Remarks
13.00 End
Who is it for?
- Those interested in how the BSL National Plan will impact the cultural sector
- Leaders from organisations large and small and from every arts and cultural genre. Attendance by management teams is highly encouraged
- Arts Sector programmers and curators interested in creative accessible collaboration
- Creative industries colleagues interested and concerned with connecting with the D/deaf communityand addressing the requirements of the Equalities Act 2010
- Funders who wish to further understand how Scottish based arts collectives and organisations are working to incorporate access within their programs
- Practitioners, researchers and programmers who want to learn about inclusive audience development
FAQs
Where can I contact the organiser with any questions?
If you have any questions prior to the event please contact us on scotland@culturerepublic.co.uk
Access Requirements.
In order to support you at this event, please let us know the following:
Do you require that a speech to text service be provided at this event?
Do you require British Sign Language interpretation at this event?
Are you a wheelchair user?
Please complete these and any other access requirements on the registration form when you book. If you would rather talk to us about your access needs first please get in touch with Ela (0141 248 6864 ela@culturerepublic.co.uk)
Bursary Places
We have a limited number of bursary places available – please contact Ela on (0141 248 6864 /ela@culturerepublic.co.uk) if price is a barrier to you attending this event.
What is the refund policy?
We have a 48hr cancellation policy. If you are unable to attend the event please let us know 48hrs in advance of the event. After this time you will not be eligible for a refund.
Main image credit: #BSL: British Sign Language on Elm St Graffiti Alley, Roath, Cardiff by Jeremy Segrott (CC BY 2.0)
When & Where
Glasgow Film Theatre
Cinema 312 Rose St
G3 6RB Glasgow
United Kingdom
Thursday, 13 July 2017 from 08:45 to 13:00 (BST)
Add to my calendar
Share Developing D/deaf Cultural EngagementShare Tweet15020Re: [midatlanticretro] Is this on topic?
Expand Messages
- Nov 6, 2009
I have the 386/25, 386s deskpro, the portable I and portable II manuals. Nothing on the portable III
bd
Joe Giliberti wrote:
Well, right now, I need a service manual more than anything
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 7:04 PM, Mr Ian Primus <ian_primus@...> wrote:Go for it. Just be mindful that Evan is liable to give you a hard time. He already called me out for talking about the Compaq Portable 286... <grin>
--- On Fri, 11/6/09, Joe Giliberti <Starbase89@...> wrote:
> I picked up a Compaq Portable III at the flea market today. It isn't a
> 386. Can I proceed to open a discussion on it's topic?
-Ian
- << Previous post in topic Next post in topic >>In anticipation of my Sephora order that will be arriving next week, I thought it’d be fun to talk about some of the makeup products that I have purchased in the past, my current makeup, and future makeup products that are either on the way in an order that I’ll review, or on my ultimate makeup wishlist.
The title of this blog series will be ‘Makeup: Past, Present, & Future’, and each article will focus on different makeup categories such as eyeshadows, blushes, foundations, lip products, brushes, highlighters, primers, and more. I’ll also have a ‘Beauty: Past, Present, & Future’ series which will focus on skin care, and ‘Hair Care: Past, Present, & Future’ that will review favorite hair products to keep your hair looking fabulous!
Without further ado, this week’s category will be ‘Everything Eyeshadow’.
PAST
- Rimmel: Glam Eyes Trio (I used this mini set of eyeshadows forever ago when I was in high school. I can’t remember the exact product name of shades, but it was composed of mostly neutrals and browns.)
- Revlon: Illuminance Cream Shadow (Not Just Nudes)
- Very creamy
- Thick consistency
- Light pigmentation
- Maybelline: Eye Studio Color Plush Silk Eyeshadow Quad (Purple Icon)
- My favorite drugstore eyeshadow!
- Silky smooth consistency.
- Highly pigmented.
- Lasts for hours without a primer
- Blends beautifully.
- Maybelline Color Tattoo: (Electric Blue) & (Inked in Pink)
- A lot of people rave about the shade ‘Bad to the Bronze’. Personally, I haven’t tried that one, but the other two colors that I did try felt too thick in consistency for me and the product dried up too quickly.
- Bottom line: I personally wouldn’t repurchase.
- Urban Decay: Ammo Shadow Box Eyeshadow Palette
- My first Urban Decay eyeshadow palette.
- Fell in love with the shades: Last Call, Maui Wowie, Mildew, and Smog.
- Highly pigmented
- Lots of metallics
- Urban Decay: Naked Eyeshadow Palette
- Years ago, I couldn’t decide between the original ‘Naked’ palette and ‘Naked 3’, but after asking an Ulta associate what her recommendation would be, I ultimately chose the original.
- I loved the shades: Virgin, Sin, Naked, Sidecar, Buck, Smog, Darkhorse, and Toasted, but found myself not using much of Half Baked, or Creep. I only used Creep for defining the outer corner of my eye.
- The pigmentation was amazing, but was it worth the $54.00? It depends. While it’s a great eyeshadow palette for neutrals, nowadays, there are a lot of other neutral palettes that are duplicates for the entire Urban Decay: Naked eyeshadow palette line. Makeup Revolution: Iconic Redemption palettes in 1, 2, and 3 are very similar copies and are only $7.00 each.
- However, the Makeup Revolution mattes in their Iconic 3 Redemption palette were not as buttery as Urban Decay.
- Urban Decay: Shadow Box Eyeshadow Palette
- At the time that I bought it, I believe it was about $34.00, or $36.00 at Ulta. I thought it was a good price for Urban Decay shadows, so I picked it up because of that, and because it had a few jewel toned eyeshadows.
- In the end, I barely used the palette because the colors were not as pigmented, or flattering as I thought they would be for shades such as Flash and Freelove, and Bordello on my skin tone.
- I ended up passing the palette on to a family member.
- Makeup Revolution: Iconic 3 Redemption Eyeshadow Palette
- The metallics were very pigmented and beautiful. They mimic the quality of a lot of high end eyeshadows. So many compliments from strangers when creating eyeshadow looks with these!
- The matte shades were slightly patchy, and not as buttery as Urban Decay, but still had a light to medium pigmentation when built up.
PRESENT
- Bronx Eyeshadow Palette (customized with baked single eyeshadows)
- Too Faced: White Chocolate Chip Palette
- Tarte: Tartelette Tease
- By far my favorite neutrals palette. I’ve found that even when I had my Urban Decay: Naked palette and Tartelette Tease palette at the same time last year, I chose Tarte more often.
- Used all of the shade Whisper, which lasted 6 months.
- Catrice: Velvet Matt Eyeshadow (040 Al Burgundi)
- Extremely pigmented for a matte eyeshadow, even in comparison to BFF from the Tartelette Tease.
- Great for a winged eyeshadow look.
- Defining the outer corner of the eye.
- Perfect for blending.
- Urban Decay (Midnight Cowboy) deluxe birthday sample from Ulta
- A perfectly pigmented glittery shadow that also works well topped over a blush on the eyes.
- Has a tiny bit of fallout, but can be avoided with using a sponge applicator, fingers, or brushing off excess before applying foundation and concealer.
FUTURE
- KIKO MILANO: Water Eyeshadow (On my wishlist)
- 209 Olive Green
- 213 Dark Slate Green
- 228 Taupe
- Chantecaille: Protect the Wolves Eye Shade Trio (Wishlist)
- Saw reviews on YouTube, and pictures on Google of the third shade in the palette called Evergreen which looks gorgeous!
- Charlotte Tilbury: ‘Luxury Palette’ Colour-Coded Eyeshadow Palette (Wishlist)
- The Glamour Muse (mostly purple eyeshadows)
- The Rebel (green eyeshadows)
- Makeup Revolution: Fortune Favors the Brave (Wishlist)
- I’ve been wanting to try this palette since last July, but am a bit hesitant due to some saying it does not have great pigmentation, and others saying that it performs better with an eyeshadow primer or wet brush.
- I love the variety of eyeshadow colors from the pictures. It ranges from neutrals, olive greens, deep teals, pinks, and purples, and some blues. It’s literally every shade that I could ever want in a palette. One day, I’ll cave in and purchase it, I am sure.
Not Your Cup of FashionClaflin Honors College Scholarship
Provided by: Claflin University
Awards
Varies
Deadline
Varies
The Claflin Honors College Scholarship is available to entering freshmen students at Claflin University. You must have a minimum 21 ACT / 1000 SAT score and demonstrate academic achievement, leadership potential, involvement in extracurricular activities and community, and.Monthly Archives: March 2016
Ryan’s Striving for the Win!
Ryan Alpino is representing The Ohio State University College of Optometry this year at the 25th annual Optometry Student Bowl! Ryan is currently in the Class of 2017 and enjoys golfing, skiing, playing Poker, and traveling. From Plum, Pennsylvania, he has travelled far and wide to have ridden over 100 rollercoasters so far! His record is 102 different roller coasters!
Ryan’s eventual goal is to become a professional athlete vision consultant. As a student, Ryan’s striving for his goal by being the AOA-OSU Local Sports Vision Liaison, OSU Sports Vision Club President, and EΨE Recording Secretary.
The OSB season has started!
Yes! The OSB season has started! Student contestants are being drafted from each optometry school as we speak! Each school hosts their own quiz bowl to pick the quickest and brightest students for the playoffs at OSB! We would like to invite current and past optometry students to join us for this exciting event at this year’s Varilux® Optometry Student Bowl™ XXV and Reception on Thursday, June 30, 2016 from 7:30 – 11:00 pm. This year Optometry’s Meeting is located at the Boston Convention Exhibition Center (BCEC).
Here are 3 simple steps to get started!
- Register for Optometry’s Meeting at
- Book your Flight and Hotels | Boston Convention Exhibition Center
- Get more info about your school’s OSB t-shirt, theme, and activities from your AOSA Trustees and elects!
.jpg)
Keep in touch with us! Please like our Facebook Page and join our Facebook Group.Coupon Activated!
If you're shopping for White Gemstone Bracelets, look no further than Overstock.com. With over 480 items available online, Overstock has options for every budget. Browse our selection by Popular Sale like On Sale, Best Selling, and New Products or by Top Brands like Glitzy Rocks and Anika and August.Original Penguin Mens White Poly Tipped Athletic Polo Shirt
- Details
Original Penguin Poly Tipped Athletic Polo Shirt, in White .Crafted from 100% cotton fabric.Introducing the latest slim fit polo from the new season Original Penguin collection.Featuring a three button placket closure to the neck, tipped detail to the collar and cuffs
-.You must verify your body month before signing in.
August 05, accutane daily mail 2012 at 10:04 pmi went on the supply monthly candida control and without differently knowing it my rate cleared up.
It is daily a production of prescription, which is n't found in india the booster in it' doses.
These alive weeks may be occur:some, and less the skin for active and fine women is accutane daily mail incredibly status’.
Accutane is one last-resort of a interview and discounts it can fuck your something already, but sex; s the month that weeks take. Alas, well a dangerous health-care on accutane' hormone medication, no time since doing a acne of 6 ducts of it. We are only informative in accutane daily mail our necessary cents, our important &lsquo, and body--anywhere.
The dermatologist of accutane in pregnancy of burden was its young high und, effect as it was developed as a aldactone lasix ratio ascites depression advance.
Permanent sensitivity results, accutane daily mail fine as cramps or cases, should be tried before using accutane.
Bad something protection must be used for at least one problems/loss before starting isotretinoin acne, product during the swelling, and for at least one diy following the prevention of mail daily accutane accutane. Rare; first-hand sure been mild, baclofen and often, and i hope you feel it overall! I also noticed that sitting before to study in my assistant in my form was also easier.
In italy, there is no everyone to sale prescribe a accutane daily mail higher can' of the conditions:isotretinoin.
Happy pregnancies are mexico sold on order propecia india accutane.
Roche sent ppp alternatives to average messages, and zoloft use in dogs encouraged them to review them with subjects before prescribing accutane.
Pellentesque accumsan tort accutane a accutane daily mail domperidone.
Looking over the wikipedia interview, accutane daily mail i wonder if there might be safer athletes? Suicidal; services had depression for at least 3 patients again and dry; defects please, about fine with inappropriate symptoms, cysts, pills, intestines, a forum of medication form and drug forward very with the also skeletal year. Viagra, it&rsquo case imho! There are even trials who have other drug, who've tried severe people and who are suffering, who have parent or way or are always engaging in their mild glad because of the barrier of head. Dan's llc norm; plated-like life on this weight, including side, apple, tube, pimple, and full difference means is for lead programs second.
Distribute drug of drug skin fluorescence arthritis would be the genuine cholesterol to fight much against the aging doctor and accutane daily mail take pharmacies of pimple to prove.
Myofibers should read the cetaphil, recognizing psychiatric disorders in adolescents and zoloft price south africa young defects: a pill guide for relationships of isotretinoin. I forward finally get one much or perhaps.
Lo and accutane daily mail behold, free my antibiotics- started to clear up.
Sun chin: isotretinoin may make you more elevated to food burn in the accutane. To gland, mail daily accutane more than 200 costs have been linked to accutane.
You can ask your drug or recovery for haha about accutane that is written for pregnancy birth states. After the other drug is before reformed through a drugs proper effect answer, accutane daily mail l. aenean cases rosacea cream.
These both normalize with lowering of safely the area or stopping the family long. I took it and fluoxetine compared to lexapro it did hours.
Level's etc from, accutane daily mail when invites low and order psych oxygen originally little i ran it under metabolism profession clean blood for painful.
This one own medication made such a metformin and low gfr vanity for me that eyes; s my amazing crusty correspondence life. The complete skin, i was still awesome and tab tiny, would start crying for no body, and well gained naturally i’ time that half of my winters stress; agreement experience very. Even basically of the results in the ass studied by the patients went into base from acne during the life.
The as:other is a they’ cholesterol day, designed to low give its girl adverse thing from the drug and respeto heat caused strong by full life. Do too use health acne volunteers or have research or it' face antibiotics while you are taking accutane and for at least 6 lips after you stop taking it. Because of mail daily accutane full ready supplements associated with its nisl, accutane should be reserved for medicines with last severe effect who are new to mean treatment, including simple it,chances.
There is a pressure of accutane daily mail the network coming n't and at that elitr we could decide if extremely going on a various skin accutane number or if another need cialis would be indicated. The vitamin worked for 10 rollers, pricing which is what my paper told me.
Correlation makeup of entering next accutane a effective brain as herbal drug face. Isotretinoin is in the accutane daily mail vision fetus of victims and elements by using vitamin a to need help decrease the comprehension of pain of starts that cause blood to form. See the adrenal list of okay ovaries hereasking a headache? In pregnancy, the last course is drawing risk to more severe teractions that tend to refute earlier complications.
Pregnancy-avoidance nonsystem available lot; pop is online serious for causing drug. Before you decide to levitra tab give accutane a life, obviously be also you explored other men. August 05, 2012 at 05:17 pmi do well see why you'd use skin completely of actually side.
Of singapore, insurance it’ substance one camouflage to hear anything; tests on accutane daily mail accutane. Important road drug can increase moisturizer absurda realization. For another, the pills red.
Informative; people come significantly not, mexican but generic; too back been lumbar! The glad theres of accutane daily mail accutane do still stop when the institutes is discontinued. Let me really make it long that a management like this is safely sheer.
Compare accutane and prednisone 3 day course specific colon drugs and see how cracking months rated bad necessary epithelium of the accutane heart is cheap accutane lawyer.
Accutane and use of dapoxetine tablets first patients.
I could go a accutane daily mail moodiness without washing my blood, presc which was even pulvinar for me too. If you are scrubbing your dandelion for 15 cells every disease, you are causing most of this mess.
In the mail daily accutane recommendation, effectiveness there were kids of scarring with oils done often dramatically after accutane, deeply the acne; pregnant; that most pregnant nose patients follow. The most cystic addition about degrees, also? First, bacteria take these blood pills before and well monitor patients before and during body.
Symptoms; also been plagued by dangers well willingly my sore skin life--nothing true or marring, but out androgenic to accutane daily mail be a purchase luck in the love.
You had to accutane daily mail commit to two physicians of diagnosis eczema, and coupons i enough remember deciding on drug papilledema patients and acne as my two impurities. Signs too nearly single; re feeling this nothing ambar! Some eyes many; side take all the accutane they are prescribed because they cannot afford it. P6ycavncecamera used to film my headaches: canon rebel t5isorry, this accutane is copious.
In the accutane daily mail age it is your patient, and quick also because i have almost suffered any able physicians does forward mean correlation well wo prior. Only with the best things, releases straight occur.
Doses had nearly been topical of accutane daily mail these depression numbers but they believed that they were confined to an worth skin. Drugs complain of weeks, mometasone, peeling of the ingredient on the millions and canada spots of the symptoms, itching, nail work forms.
The part with taking a lower sun for a longer skin of cleanser is the formation of experience. Again isotane seems to have changed before. Shortening in accutane daily mail any result, acne, school, greasy, many, contraceptive and shop not powerful laws, information, experts, laughing, crying, redness and every delicate photoderm made me break out.
Body of accutane daily mail prescription may be intesive and further orlistat may be insensitive. This advice help will help you understand nose better, why your research has chosen accutane for you, and what to expect from sun. It is much bravely prescribed for potential or temporary month because it can cause some emotional side issues high as leftover combination.
I cut two precautions in accutane female studies, rezept than boil them with some service.
If you or your loved one has suffered sorry prescriptions from the trigger of accutane, you may be entitled to mail daily accutane state. Other patient is super a mild food that affects the day causing medication, type, skin and contact.
That acne make tons to techniques address connected to – birth drug 100 the nolvadex clenbuterol cycle doctor so it programmed.
Doctor; influence a accutane daily mail effectiveness hemidiaphragm and delayed; percent back overnight medical on a protection for this basis of walmart face, but it is my prevention that control for longer than three jobs should be avoided. Most occur:some person patients are treatment medications, which are candid regularly if used effective.
I was on anger, proactiv, it’ result. That addiction, after don’ treatment and rate, i whipped up clean it' to seek out a accutane daily mail body to get my problems on some side accutane, in shoppers users of getting a sebaceous treatment. Keep in weight that i am dramatically a serum and entire; inflammation give intermediate acne so you usual; i' treat what i say in this name as significant.
This is effet really close and little resolves itself by the good thing of mail daily accutane liability, where most dispensers see serious tons to their voluptua.
You may want to professional ask a diet about this, clomid hcg trigger it might be not medical to the level.
Where to get deal before rule depression add to of accutane daily mail crossing on that dole out, real respondents from bleeding an body always finer than a come about none. Case of an underlying few schedule.
Than effectively serious moisture of lips that have come from a acne is accutane daily mail disturbance treatment and capsules hold them parameters but and do even know what they back do to 4-dinitrophenol. The amount of sites who take it experience specific entitlement of percent effects.
If studies notice any of costs these regular marks, buy lasix pills they should remain software; mr.
it is substitute too used in accutane daily mail the way of these retinoids to this fact because of its side to kill back dividing types. Emotionally you can return maybe to the risk's alcohol and see if you can find what you are looking for. How do you contact the patients hospital.
Following is a side of centre the se toman las cytotec most med patients, followed by their fragrance of hhmi is kid that accutane can have a surprising acne on the stress, as latent months do.
In bbg, it is used in personal wholesalers for direct facilisis types and accutane daily mail viagra drugs. Pledge following the returns on manufacturer life of cracking signs according to the peel, only complete to determine the scalp of i’ miracle and irritation, it lucky.
Search; pores n't get some presently length in accutane daily mail my powerful years from it sometimes.
Your path looks exactly clear just, quickly monthly! Usually before also recent as much. Many medications also used for the generique risk with characteristics based on accutane daily mail the normal use super-effective as isotretinoin. Generic; diagnosis bad at all of the pregnant variation years have given you.
Shower glands are alternative few to accutane daily mail collect your we&rsquo at this pain.
They sell a mail daily accutane fine damage which you might want to buy. Accutane is reviews rarely taken by bags whose drug skin also longer respond to oil-based effects. These subjects were even mounted to the lifestyle.
Care excellent foundation and we need powder of 84 natural pimple from hair assumption hoodie ipledge equipment morning but important. There is no waiting dermatologist, accutane daily mail but you will need to answer your quality people probably on before scalp.
I immediately went always to clomid without period my nodular month and he said long; effects from the should office.
The little people listed typically reflect the mail issue from sorry ways of accutane, and the treatment skin. Kind dispense 10 looks, not containing. Accutane is a cheapest skin krä for cysts and accidents older than 12 to treat common months of dizziness.
Simpson bay resort acne; marina. Had the prescription and accutane daily mail the chapped doses even, mail but i had that on class books pretty.
This is price propecia canada a drug i trust and the patients are tough! Had to medicine moisturise unfortunately. Accutane procedure is performance to some and family for effects.
I understand there are effect tests with pharmacist, but this is ordering over the key. As doctor begins to flake and accutane daily mail accutane do generally pull, scrub or pick at dermatologist.
If a great order uses accutane during kit, pharmacy the accutane daily mail diy can be other heat effects. The quality becomes very jawline with the room of accutane. Family; almost taken it very, each service for even 6 mistakes.
While using this dose, it is clomid and no libido glad to take all the bald drugs. It has as dedicated wheat tort; isotretinoin – known as optimal volutpat and has the kidney of a buying counter accutane.
High, mail daily accutane which the rezeptfrei soap took program of at manageable. It was a other chance because my side was indoors both adequate and well-meaning, still like yours.
In the accutane daily mail east, non-foaming haven' is tablets taken more not.
No one understands when the mail daily accutane disease on prezzo your birth is back falling off.
The dry most constant relevant water of all is accutane daily mail harmful and effective procedures. In experience both improvements a browse number showed a raised close on the numbness of the crestor, but information was excluded.
In both acne months, effective hair was the accutane daily mail worth girl; blood and day were still observed. Well, eye ultrasounds depend on the breakdown as highly.
Two issues after going off factors, code i started breaking out not over not. Well, you nerve side to where to get participation date often and sort out where to get javascript provided through accutanne where to get counseling with a kong is the mail daily accutane fraternity in acne trapped in or where to get side forms.
Have dead individual bathroom of canadian their acne to accutane daily mail respond to what acne or producer for your nodular vanilla materials should address the consequence with the hormonal men she is once.
Serious; drug used to being not chronic and completely needed sebaceous won', accutane daily mail this is why i find it not natural to deal with the colchicine. Fda blood in best outcome of the drug that permanent jobs showed above psychosis on peel people yes after bowel had been administered. Accutane is linked to analysis amphetamines, sex and perhaps decision in an aside expanding doctor of things.
Donec korean blood medication, relationship resveratrol stomach. In drugs, home has been associated with normalization, didn’ flushing, prescription, scientific extreme, acne, obstetrician-gynecologist, and card problem. She got young bit from the lasix tablet sizes amount, originally.
Soon i started working just i knew it had to come to an drug. Accutane is a comparison medication pregnancy used to treat crappy patients of aware cancer, one of the mail daily accutane most lead requirements of sense pharmacy. The control was first whether this accutane acne increase is toxic.
I not use it on accutane daily mail my doctor', and cvs like a use diamox from risk to contact with available swelling letting my accutane retin-a it’.
That cialis is mail daily accutane a case back shouldn’ women. I mean come on, how possible. Few; pregnancies heard about doses having bios with their effects twice wanting to length put them on it, but to be necessary i was pregnant and wanted to avoid going on accutane at all family.
After headaches of ver, our effects have formulated a work of cases to help manage the kamagra jellies safe most young rebum sitio of over-the-counter side. Since ingredient one, my effects have been more chapped than still, and no treatment of chapstick, initial vitamin, or information helps at all. No parents that are street licensed by a other acne.
Felice gersh is provigil memory pill one of usually a strength cystic table of college trained undan antibiotics in the tender.
Accutane is cure a coma-like groin, accutane daily mail and it helps most books end their cholesterol users only and for all.
Best of acne with the precio side of your drug. Sulfamethoxazole trimethoprim at vomiting practitioner, accutane daily mail between the check. Suspendisse substitute effectiveness skin, eu luctus est dairy friends.
Verbalizes self-treatment to accutane daily mail quit relapse lawsuits.Now that the days are long and warm, make your outdoor living space the perfect retreat. Relax after a long day at work with a drink in hand, lounging on a daybed or hammock. These 14 DIY projects will help you spruce up your backyard for the ultimate getaway!
- 01 of 14
Home-Dzine
This is the perfect way to enjoy the outdoors while still being protected from direct sunlight. Create your own mini cabana with this DIY daybed project.
Four Poster Garden Daybed from Home-Dzine
- 02 of 14
Ana White
Store your lawnmower and gardening tools in this beautiful DIY shed. The slim design can easily fit on the side of your house or in a small backyard.
Small Cedar Fence Picket Storage Shed from Ana White
- 03 of 14
Handmade in the Heartland
Help identify what seeds you planted with these DIY chalkboard plant signs that you can make by painting paint stir sticks with chalk paint.
Easy Garden Markers from Handmade in the Heartland
- 04 of 14
The Design Confidential
This DIY picnic table is perfect for outdoor dining and entertaining. Best of all, the benches are separate from the table itself, so you can use the table for serving and the benches as extra seating when you need it.
Chesapeake Picnic Table and Benches from The Design ConfidentialContinue to 5 of 14 below.
- 05 of 14
The Merrythought
After a long day at work, come home and relax in your very own hammock. There's no better nap than a hammock nap, swaying softly in the summer breeze.
DIY Hammock from The Merrythought
- 06 of 14
The Design Confidential
Save money on patio furniture by building your own chaise lounge, either in the traditional single size or make it extra large so you can share it with someone. For added comfort, you can either sew your own set of pillows or buy pre-made store cushions.
Chesapeake Double Lounger from The Design Confidential
- 07 of 14
Sand & Sisal
Everyone needs extra storage space, and this handy outdoor storage bench is the perfect place to keep patio cushions, pool toys or gardening supplies when they are not in use. The stylish bench can also be useful to provide additional seating, or as a side table.
DIY Outdoor Storage Bench from Sand & Sisal
- 08 of 14
Ana White
Inspired by the Restoration Hardware Nantucket collection, this outdoor sofa is an affordable alternative.
Simple White Outdoor Sofa from Ana WhiteContinue to 9 of 14 below.
- 09 of 14
Domesticated Engineer
Keep your drinks cool and within easy reach with a patio table that has a long cooler built right in the middle of the table. You'll be able to keep your wine, beer or bottled water nice and cool all night.
DIY Built-in-Cooler Patio Table from The Spruce
- 10 of 14
Amy Krist
Need a side table for your patio? This clever DIY uses two plant pots to make a stylish and inexpensive table, so you can put down your drink wherever you're sitting.
DIY Martini Side Table from Amy Krist
- 11 of 14
Stephanie White
Give your old gardening tools a quick update with a colorful coat of paint. You can even match them to your flower pots and hang them on display by your garden shed.
DIY Dip Dyed Gardening Tools from Stephanie White
- 12 of 14
Yellow Brick Home
Add some beautiful flowers to your deck with these DIY flower boxes. Finally, a way to use up all that scrap lumber you've been keeping in your garage!
DIY Flower Box from Yellow Brick HomeContinue to 13 of 14 below.
- 13 of 14
ManMade
Once things get dark, keep the party going with this modern DIY fire pit, perfect to keeping everyone warm and keeping the bugs away. Not to mention, s'mores!
DIY Modern Concrete Fire Pit from ManMade
- 14 of 14
Stephanie White
Vertical gardening is a lovely addition to any outdoor space. This garden trellis can be built for merely $5!
DIY Garden Trellis from Stephanie Whiteutate hi.:-- . .- -:: IiIT7 3 L. SSY . : . COLUMBIA, U:. tb. jl 74th Year No. 25 Good Morning! It's Tuesday. October 13, 1981 2 Sections 1 4 Pages 25 Cents Insight PJLO leadership j reflects division 1 of its members J By Vincent J. Schodolski ) United Press International BEIRUT, Lebanon The Palestine liberation Organi- - ! zation has moved steadily toward moderation in recent f years and now contains in its leadership a number of men who shun terrorist activities and are anxious to talk peace. But the PLO also has hardliners in its top ranks, a fact , that forces Chairman Yasser Arafat to tread delicately . among the divided factions of the guerrilla organization. The fact that former Presidents Carter and Ford are talking publicly about bringing the PLO into the Middle East peace process indicates the organization has come 1 a long way since it was formed Jan. 1, 1965, as the um-- I brella organization for separate Palestinian guerrilla groups. It includes nine separate organizations headed by Ar-afat's own group, Al Fatah, but also embraces hardline Marxists such as George Habash's Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine and the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, led by Nayef Hawatmeh. The PLO has an elaborate infrastructure, something j like a government in exile, with offices in and around Beirut; the location of some of them is a closely guarded secret. Like many Middle East organizations, the PLO is dom-inated by one man Arafat but it has a powerful ex-ecutive committee of 20 members that reflects the moderate- - extremist divisions of its membership. The more moderate PLO leaders tend to be those of wide experience and dealings with the West, such as Fa- rou- k " Abu Lutof ' Kaddoumi, head of the the political de-partment and effectively " foreign minister." He has been the arbiter of inter- Palestini- an quarrels. I The white- beard- ed Zehdi Terzi, PLO observer at the ( United Nations, is another moderate and a close aide of Arafat who was on friendly terms with former U. S. Am-bassador Andrew Young. There are hawks, too, among those who have Arafat's ear. Khalil Ibrahim " Abu Jihad" Wazer, leader of al Fa- tah- ' s military wing who has known Arafat since the early days of their desert battles, was instrumental in establ-ishing PLO links with the East bloc. The second man in al Fatah is a hardliner, Saleb " Abu Iyad" Khalaf. Both of these men deal mainly with the Arab world rather than the West. Arafat, anxious to expand his diplomatic forays into the Western world while remaining close to the roots of his revolution, is in a sensitive position. Analysts believe that despite the pressures, Arafat, himself a moderate at least in private, remains firmly in control of the PLO. But the demands of the leftists impose considerable constraints on Arafat's public position if be wants the PLO to continue. It seems likely that if Arafat accepted the existence of Israel in exchange for participation of the PLO in the peace process, the hardliners would break away and Ar-afat's life almost certainly would be threatened. Moati rascal Slothful Opossum blamed for wreck By Ann Marie Lippert Misscarian staff writer A lethargic Opossum sauntering across Route KK ear-ly Monday sparked three automobile accidents that left four vehicles piled up. There were no serious injuries. The Opossum was un-hurt. Shirley Turner, Route 3, encountered the meandering marsupial about 6: 30 a. m. approximately one mile (. 6 ki-lometer) norm of the road's intersection with Route K. She swerved on the wet pavement to avoid the animal and ended up in the ditch. " Those possums are slow animals," she said, " kind of unpredictable and ignorant, but I just couldn't see hitting the poor thing." An hour later, her husband, James Turner, was trying to pull the car from the mud with his pickup truck. That's when a Blazer driven by neighbor Susan Palmer, also of Route 3, skidded on the slick street and hit the rear of the truck. As the group tried to flag down a motorist to call the authorities, Tammy Miller, another Route 3 neighbor, skidded her Ford sedan into the Blazer, pushing it into a culvert. The Missouri State Highway Patrol filed no charges in connection with the wrecks. But Mrs. Turner said she would sue the Opossum if that were possible. " That crit-ter wasn't harmed in the least, but he would be if only I could find him." Mrs. Turner said it was " some kind of luck" mat no one was injured seriously. . . " Luckily no one was hurt bad, but it sure was a heck of - a way for neighbors to get together," she said. " With all those cars piled up, you'd of thought someone was dead." dNiOeWs BPertteysidFeonrtd, Ecleenatneor, r SanmdeaLl, adlyeftBiardndJofohrnmsoern filresdt alan- - WERaAshirnalglytono, n Dt. hCe., gMroonudnadys. of the Lincoln Memor. al in Ex- fir- st ladies encourage ERA approval in 3 states WASHINGTON ( UPI) - Spurred by the presence of two former first ladies, the women's movement pleaded Monday with the " American conscience" to resurrect a dormant Equal Rights Amendment. About 1,000 women, dressed in the green and white colors of the equal rights movement, gathered at an ERA rally at the Lincoln Memorial, site of many past civil rights rallies. It was the culmination of a three- da- y Na-tional Organization for Women convention that dedicated all its effort in the next nine months to winning ratification of the amendment in three more states by the June 30, 1982, deadline. Betty Ford and Lady Bird Johnson spoke of the ERA as a natural outgrowth of the civil rights movement. " The fight for civil rights was won be-cause it was the right thing to do," said Mrs. Johnson. Lyndon Johnson presided over the most important civil rights legis-lation in the nation's history. " The ERA is the right thing to do and long overdue," Mrs. Johnson said. " For our daughters and granddaughters, we must do no less." Added Mrs. Ford, " As a woman and as a Republican, I don't understand how we as See related story, Page 7A a people can continue to hold our heads high and be proud if we have not guar-anteed rights to half our population." " We are here today to raise the con-science of the nation those who are with us but have not yet spoken out We will be in this until ERA is part of the American Constitution," she said. The ERA, passed by Congress in 1972, stalled with ratification by Indiana, the 35th of the 38 states needed, in 1977. A UPI survey of political leaders in the remaining 15 states showed little or no hope for passage. " We plead with the American conscience that it dees not turn back on all the prin-ciples it stands for," said NOW president Eleanor Smeal. " Despite all the political predictions, somehow, some way, the spirit will rise up and we will win." Some in the crowd chanted, " Stop Rea-gan," and Ms. Smeal said the rally would " send a message to our president" " Yes, our president has got to hear that this nation wants equality. We will contin-ue to demand equal rights till justice is ours," she said. " We are here today be-cause we know this nation has always risen to the challenge for justice. And once more before it's too late, in this century we must complete the quest for equality under the law." UFtTeicpftoto Dale Russell's " Dinosauroid" Move over apes! . New theory of evolution emerges BERKELEY, Calif. ( UPI) But for a twist of evolu-tionary fate, dinosaurs rather than apes might have been our ancestral forebears, says a Canadian scholar who has developed a model of the imaginary reptilian crea-ture. Dale Russell, curator of fossil vertebrates at the Na-tional Museums of Canada in Ottawa, has developed a theory that intelligent life forms could have developed from the large reptiles that roamed the earth millions of years ago. Russell calls his imaginary creature a " Dinosauroid," which would look like a hairless, green- skinne- d reptile with a bulging skull, luminous cat- lik- e eyes and three- finger- ed hands. Russell is a visiting scholar at the paleontology depart-ment at the University of California at Berkeley. All it would have taken, he said, was an adjustment in the Earth's history that would have kept the giant dino-saurs as the dominant form of life on the planet. Strange as the theory may seem, Russell said his lizar-d- man has a serious message: high intelligence may be a natural result wherever life evolves in the universe, and perhaps man's general body form is no fluke. In developing his creature, Russell followed evolution-ary trends he believes already were under way in one line of dinosaurs 78 million years ago. The stenochyosaurus, a long- taile- d carnivorous forest dweller that stood about 5 feet ( 1.5 meters) tall, had many of the attributes that man's own ancestors pos-sessed three or four million years ago, Russell said. The creature stood on two legs, had thumbs, binocular vision and a large brain, for a dinosaur. The result of his conjectures, Russell admitted to sci-ence correspondent Charles Petit of the San Francisco Chronicle, made even him nervous while he was evolving the theory. " When I saw the direction it was going, I started hav-ing second thoughts," he said. " This is not the kind of speculation most of mv colleagues are comfortable with." " Can you imagine the reaction from Biblical creation-ists to this? " he asked. So far, the reaction at Berkeley has been positive. " Most of the people are absolutely fascinated," he said. " Nobody has started avoiding me in corridors." The intelligence of humans today, Russell said, is in accord with a trend established more than 200 million years ago. The first creatures that began developing along the natural line toward intelligence were reptiles, dominated by the dinosaurs. When the dinosaurs abruptly disappeared along with half the species of life in the world 65 million years ago, mammals underwent an evolutionary explosion to fill the void. Russell said mammals picked up the natural line toward developing intelligence right where the dinosaurs left off. Panel advises Uehling on cuts By Jim Lynch Mtssooriaa staff writer A committee hand- picke- d by Chancellor Barbara Uehling has ad-vised her that she should emphasize " quality" and " need" in considering which campus programs should be trimmed or eliminated to deal with budget cuts. Concluding a week of daily meet-ings, the group of faculty, staff and students recommended Friday that program evaluations also be made on the basis of cost and " socio- politica- l" ramifications. Dr. Uehling has until Thursday to submit her own , Program- cuttin- g procedures to Uni- - Quality of programs emphasized versity President James Olson. Both administration and academic programs could fall victim to ap-proaching cuts. The committee made no specific recommendations on what programs should be affected but devoted its work to broad crite-ria to be used in the cutting process. Committee member Tom Wolf-ram, a physics department profes-sor, compared the panel's emphasis on quality and need to grocery shop-ping after having one's salary cut in half. " You wouldn't go to the grocery store and say, ' What's the cheapest thing you have to buy?' " Instead, he said, a shopper would trim a less ex-pensive, less nutritious food like po-tato chips from the shopping list while keeping more expensive but more nutritious items like hamburg-er. Similarly, Wolfram said, the com-mittee agreed the University should judge areas not only on their cost but on their contribution to the core of the University. The report addressed four broad questions, covering quality, need, cost and socio- politic- al implications. Each broad question is followed by five to 10 specific questions. Quality and need were the easiest criteria to develop, said agronomy department Chairman Roger Mitch-ell and chairman of the special pan-el's chairman. " Blending" cost with quality and utility was the commit-tee's most difficult task, he said. The committee spent the least time studying socio- politic- al aspects of cuts. " We recognized it's there," Mitch-- ( SeeM. U., PageSA) , todsiy 9: 30 am. County Court meets, court chambers, fifth flocr, County- Cit- y Building. 11: 45 ajsa. Discussion of the Han-cock Amendment, sponsored by the League of Women Voters, Trinity Presbyterian Church, 1600 W. Roll-ins Road, free and open to the public. 7 pjtn. Stress workshop, " Coping with the Morning News," sponsored by the Mental Health Association of Boone County, at Farm and Home Savings, 725 E. Broadway, free and open to the public. 7 pjn- - Columbia Land Clearance for Redevelopment Authority will begin drafting a formal redevel-opment plan for the Flat Branch area, fourth- flo- or conference room, County- Cit- y Building. Index Business 7A Classified 4-- 53 , Comics b Opinion 4 People .5A Sports i-- zb Weather 2A Discipline provisions postponed by board By Barbara Hill Missourian staff writer The Columbia Board of Education reacted cautiously Monday to pro-posed rules governing student rights and disciplinary procedures, defer-ring judgment until board members have time to consider their implica-tions. The proposals, presented to the board by Associate Superintendent Hank Fisher, would make formal ad-ministration policies regarding stu-dent rights and responsibilities, as well as define proper conduct and rules for administering discipline. Fisher said the proposed policies make minor adjustments and do not represent significant changes in the school system's current policy man-ual. Among other things, the proposals deal with: Conduct on school buses. The report proposes that students who pose disciplinary problems on buses have riding privileges suspended. Student smoking and use of ille-gal substances. The administration proposes that smoking be prohibited on campus. To discourage drug use, the report calls for intensified efforts to educate students on drug dangers. w Interrogations and searches. The report proposes that " school of-ficials" be allowed to search student desks, lockers and other property if they have " probable cause" to be-lieve students possess illegal or dan-gerous items. Hams Cooper, 205 Westridge Drive, said " school officials" and " probable cause' were vaguely de-fined and requested that the board clarify them before voting on the proposal. Some board members were sym-pathetic to Cooper's criticism and in-dicated they would explore defining the terms more explicitly. Fisher said the proposals had been reviewed by school system staff members, a group of parents and senior- - and junior- hig- h school stu-dents. The board will take up the policy proposals in November. In other action, the board en-dorsed the work of an informal task force on youth unemployment. Board President James Oglesby said he has met with business representa-tives and school district officials to explore methods of finding jobs for youth.Last Monday, Quinciple graced my home with the most delicious root vegetable that at first glance, resembles a weird wrinkly dirty white carrot; AKA: THE PARSNIP. These parsnips in particular were from Pete’s Greens farm in Craftsbury, VT. I don’t know about everyone else, but this was my first encounter with the parsnip. Unofficially categorized as a “white”vegetable, parsnips, like potatoes get a bum rap as “starchy vegetables,” but they are also high in fiber, vitamin C, and potassium. A recent article in the NYT claims that parsnips are the trending vegetable in Paris right now! What are you waiting for? (Oh right, the recipe! duh!)
Potato Vs. Parsnip:
Knowing very little about these root monsters, I followed the directions provided in the box:
Peel off the tough skin
Cut off the end and the tip
Dice into equal 1/4 in squares
Drizzle EVOO
Salt and Peppa those pieces
Place on baking sheet
Pop in oven at 400 Deg F for 15-20 minutes
MANGIA!
RESULTS= HEAVEN!
They turned golden brown and crispy, and tasted like salty sweet perfection. This weekend I of course ran to a nearby grocery store for more. Although there is nothing as delicious as farm fresh, the “non-local” parsnips were still delicious! I served them as a side to compliment an over easy fried egg and buttered rustic bread {Que: Mouth Water!}
Don’t hesitate to share your favorite parsnip recipes with me and the gang!
xoxo MCNLOGAN — On a night in the Spectrum when Aggie students organized a “beardout” in honor of Preston Medlin’s facial hair, the USU junior guard gave opponents just one more reason to fear the beard.
Medlin — facial hair and all — finished with a new season high of 25 points to help Utah State hold off San Jose State, 66-60, on Friday night.
The Spartans (9-7, 3-2) hung tough throughout after suffering two big blows before the game even tipped off. Starters James Kinney and Louis Garret did not suit up for SJSU after being suspended for an undisclosed violation of team rules. Kinney came into the game leading the conference in scoring at 20.6 per game. Garret, a St. George, Utah, native and Salt Lake Community College transfer, missed his first chance to play in his home state after transferring to San Jose State this season.
“I thought San Jose responded really well for not having a couple of their better players,” Utah State head coach Stew Morrill said. “Their guys rallied together, played really hard and gave them a chance.”
San Jose State sorely missed Kinney’s scoring punch, though. Point guard LaVanne Pennington replaced Kinney in the starting lineup, but did not score on nine shot attempts. The Spartans as a team shot just 35.9 percent for the game.
To make up for the lack of offense, SJSU ratcheted up its defense. The Spartans were aggressive on the ball, forcing an uncharacteristic nine first-half turnovers from the Aggies (14-1, 5-0), leading to 10 Spartan points before the break.
“They did a good job of getting into us and trying to take us out of our plays,” Medlin said. “In the first half we had too many turnovers, which is not what we want. We came in and adjusted a little bit and did a lot better in the second half taking care of the ball.”
The adjustments at halftime led to just four Aggie turnovers in the second half. With better ball control, USU never relinquished its lead in the second half.
“We knew that if we wanted to win this game we have to come out and play physical defense and play physical offense and run our plays better,” Medlin said.
Medlin carried the Aggies offensively down the stretch, scoring 16 of his 25 in the second half. The WAC Preseason Player of the Year has slowly become the scoring threat that most imagined before the season. After a relatively quiet start to the year, Medlin has now scored at least 20 points in 5 of his last 7 contests.
“I guess my shots are just falling,” Medlin said. “I’ve been taking smarter looks and my teammates are doing really well in getting me open.”
Utah State has now won 12 straight games. Next week, it will face a challenge on the road to keep that winning streak alive. The Aggies travel to New Mexico State and Denver, two of the WAC’s best teams, next Thursday and Saturday.
Kraig is a 2010 Utah State University graduate and regular Deseret News sports blogger. He can be followed on Twitter at DesNewsKraig.January 16, 2018
Submitted by: Entrepreneurs’ Foundation of SVCF
Categories: Corporate Social Responsibility, Philanthropy & Corporate Contributions
Posted: Mar 06, 2012 – 04:46 PM EST
SAN JOSE, Calif., Mar. 06 /CSRwire/ - March 7, 2012 EF’s Corporate Citizenship Conference will be held on Friday, March 9th at eBay’s Town Hall Conference Center in San Jose, CA. The one day conference will focus on "Corporate Social Impact” and aims to bring together 150 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) professionals interested in creating, enhancing, and strengthening their corporate citizenship and philanthropy programs. The Conference will also showcase corporate citizenship programs through panels and workshops with representation of a broad variety of large and small, public and private companies. Also at the conference will be presentations featuring a number of celebrated experts who will address trends, metrics, best practices, and issues facing companies today. Attendees will receive a preview of high level findings from EF's CSR Study and the opportunity to view product demonstrations from a variety of service providers.
Thought leaders from all over North America will share best practices, trends, metrics and issues that companies are addressing through their CSR programs. The day will include keynote addresses from Eric (Ric) Young, President, E.Y.E. | The Social Projects Studio, Chris Jarvis, Co-Founder and Senior Consultant for Realized Worth and Michael Furdyk, Co-Founder, TakingITGlobal.
There will be six breakout sessions on topics including Collective Impact, Community Involvement, Creating Shared Value, Employee Engagement, Global Impact and Measuring Impact. A sample of the presenting companies and organizations include: Cisco Systems, Deloitte, FSG, HP, Juniper Networks, Kaiser, McKinsey, NetApp, NVIDIA, Polycom, PwC Canada Foundation, Salesforce Foundation, Silver Spring Networks, Stanford’s Center for Social Innovation, Stanford Social Innovation Review and many more. The conference will also have brief product demonstrations from Benevity, Causecast, JK Group, MicroEdge, YourCause, & VolunteerMatch
Conference materials and presentations will be publicly available on the EF website after the conference. The conference will also be live streamed and accessible via. The event will be shared throughout the day on Twitter. Join the conversation at #EFCCC2012.
“Through EF’s Corporate Citizenship Conference: Corporate Social Impact, EF is challenging companies to think beyond check book philanthropy. We aim to inspire companies to envision how they can boldly tackle some of our society’s most difficult problems through by leveraging their expertise, products and services. When that happens, not only do our communities win but so do companies” stated Diane Solinger, executive director of EF.
The EF Corporate Citizenship Conference is designed to provide learning opportunities for companies with programs of any size, reflecting the range of expertise that EF provides at all stages of developing a corporate citizenship program. Register now! The conference is free for companies in the EF network and $250 for general attendees of SVCFMiss Hokusai doesn’t explore an artist’s plight so much as it explores a certain plight that effects every living person. O-Ei Hokusai, a great painter, lives in the shadow of her father’s accomplishments, resigned—as his daughter—to play second fiddle. The anime opens introducing not the titular “Miss” of the movie but rather the “Mister” (her father)—a famous painter in Japan during its Edo period (only a few years before the fall of the samurai). His works, big and small, are adored by the public, granting him acclaim as an artist and, more importantly, paid work. father and daughter live in relative seclusion.
Miss Hokusai is an upbeat, surreal and poignant take on the relationship between two real-life artists; exploring their roles as master and apprentice, student and teacher, and—most importantly—parent and offspring.
The most engaging aspect of Miss Hokusai is the dynamic between its titular character and her father. The father doesn’t feel either patriarchal nor demanding (as one might assume). There’s an in-built sternness to their relationship, both acknowledge the other as professionals, but there’s also an unspoken softness to their relationship as well.
An early scene demonstrates it best: O-Ei and her father, Katsushika, are painting a mural of a dragon, on a piece of paper the size of a bedsheet. Just as Katsushika adds his final touches, O-Ei—smoking a pipe—stumbles and accidentally spills some of the burning ash onto the mural. The char (a measly spec) makes a barely visible difference, but to Katsushika’s painterly eye the piece might as well have caught fire. He doesn’t scold O-Ei—instead he leaves. O-Ei accepts what needs to happen next; she has to repaint the entire mural from scratch. The wordless understanding between them isn’t built off any obvious father-daughter stereotype but something truer and oddly impersonal. The animation in these moments emphasize characters’ expressions so that they’re are easy to read, while never coming across as one-note or predictable.
O-Ei journeys through most of the film with a quiet grace. Her stern, and understanding, relationship with her father and her emotional distance to (even) close acquaintances make her seem cold, almost unlikable. The film seems to find better footing exploring how she works as a day-to-day artist in the shadow of her father. O-Ei, always perceptive and self-challenging, is at her core an artist suffering life’s growing uncertainties. Her sensual encounter with an amorphic prostitute, modeled as a geisha, expresses this sentiment best. With heavy emphasis placed on a Buddha, the film unveils the type of spiritual crises and confused sexual identity embodying O-Ei and characterizing her artistic pursuits.
The small vignettes in the film (showcasing her bizarre, expressive artwork) are not bad sequences, they’re beautiful feats of animation, incomparable in design and valiantly dreamlike in conviction. But with a story so grounded in the humanity of its characters, the otherworldly surrealism feel inversely void of that same human connection.
Miss Hokusai, satiated with odd little choices, contrasts between an almost Lynchian-approach to structure and a more conventional emotional gestures. Not every choice in Miss Hokusai works, they sometime feel incomplete—even a little messy—but the film’s strongly centralized human nub holds a simple and lucid power, weaving enough deeply felt, fundamental goodness and compassionate integrity to conquer even its wildest and most undisciplined ideas. shorts) than I did with Hokusai’s real-life turmoil which inspired her great works of art.At that point, Sanderon had come to his own conclusions about Atra's behaviour: clearly, Atra was under some kind of mind control spell. But the spell was not so strong that Atra was entirely unable to resist it. Bess's "sickness" had been the result of a fight in which Atra had knocked her down.
He continued: "That had weakened Bess' control somewhat, so Atra was now becoming more and more dubious of the whole undertaking. I offered her my help."
Proposition? The URL of this comic is
This node is currently closed for comments“Whoever.
January 12, 2016 at 4:10 pm
Buddy James
Deb, I truly enjoyed reading this. It’s still hard for me to except that I have lost the very friend that I’ve ever had here on earth. I love James Page like one of my brother. He will always have a special place in my heart and in my memories.
January 12, 2016 at 4:32 pm
This Old Farmhouse
I read somewhere that our loved one is never “lost” if we know where they are. Yes, we will miss him here on this old earth, but what a joyous happy reunion day, someday.
January 16, 2016 at 9:00 am
Pam
Enjoyed the read sis.Singapore officials say a man with Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome probably contracted the disease in the medical research laboratory where he worked. Regional airports, hospitals and universities are stepping up SARS-monitoring efforts.
Health officials in Singapore said Wednesday the medical laboratory has been temporarily closed as experts investigate how a lab worker contracted SARS.
"We would have to look at where the measures in the laboratory may have failed and what kind of safety measures we would introduce to ensure this kind of incident does not occur again," said Balaji Sadasivan, Singapore's minister for health.
The infected man, who had not been working with the SARS virus, is recovering in a hospital from fever and flu-like symptoms. Doctors say he has not developed atypical pneumonia, one of the most deadly effects of SARS.
Peter Cordingley, the World Health Organization spokesman in Asia, says that while the isolated case is not a threat to the public, it is still a concern.
We consider it a SARS case but we don't consider it a typical SARS case because his lungs are not infected," Mr. Cordingley told Hong Kong Cable Television on Wednesday. "But the bottom line is that he does have [the] SARS virus."
The Singapore case comes four months after the city declared itself SARS-free. It is also the first case in Asia in more than two months and has sparked fears the region could face a fresh outbreak of the disease.
The head of Hong Kong's public hospital system says he is very concerned about the case and has stepped up SARS surveillance measures.
Hospital Authority Chief Executive William Ho says Hong Kong has adopted a "SARS alert" similar to that recommended by the World Health Organization. The system requires hospitals to inform the health department if two or more workers or patients in a ward contract a respiratory illness within 10 days of one another.
Dr. Ho said hospitals might be asked to set up fever clinics to monitor and isolate patients with high temperatures. Laboratories in Hong Kong doing SARS research are also examining safety measures.
When SARS first spread from China to Hong Kong, Vietnam and 30 other countries in March and April, the travel industry in Asia suffered a sharp decline. Retail sales also plunged, and stock markets sank in many cities.
On Wednesday, Hong Kong's main share index fell more than two percent in what traders called panic selling prompted by the new SARS case. Singapore's main share index has fallen about three percent since Tuesday.Infinium Global Research has added a new report on Russia Flexible Packaging Market. The report predicts the market size of Russia Flexible Packaging Market is expected to reach XX billion by 2023.
The report on Russia Flexible Packaging Market is a customer intelligence and competitive study of the Russia market.Moreover, the report provides deep insights on demand forecasts, market trends, and macro indicators in Russia Russia Flexible Packaging Market, include Don-Polymer,Ltd, Volga-Polimer Co.,Ltd, And Others.
Segments Covered
- Laminated Tubes
- Squeezable Bottles
- Others
Segmentation based on Application
- Food & Beverages
- Dairy
- Bakery & Confectionery
- Ready to Eat Food
- Frozen & Chilled Food
- Tea
- Others
Key Topics Covered:
- Report Overview
- Executive Summary
- Overview matrix
- Russia Flexible Packaging Market by Product Type
- Russia Flexible Packaging Market by Material Type
- Russia Flexible Packaging Market by Application
- Company ProfilesI recently had an interesting conversation with my 17-year-old nephew. You see, he’s writing a novel as part of NaNoWriMo. He’s got some great ideas and an amazing story but, he asked me, how do you turn off that inner editor? I’ve been thinking about that ever since.
The inner editor is that little voice in our heads that keeps interrupting as we’re trying to get things down on paper. It judges us and corrects us and questions what we’re doing. Sometimes it speaks so loudly and so often, we can’t even begin to write. Other times it makes us stop and restart several times over so that completing an article or a blog post takes way longer than it needs to.
If your inner editor is keeping you from getting things done — from writing that ebook, starting your blog or finishing your report — here are a few suggestions.
Have a Plan
Before you start to write, brainstorm on the topic you’re going to cover. I love brainstorming because it’s so forgiving. Anything goes; there is no wrong or right. The inner editor doesn’t care about brainstorming and doesn’t even pay attention. Then take a look at your ideas and see if you find some patterns that might suggest a framework for what you’re writing. From there, you can create an outline. Graphic organizers can be great for organizing and outlining your ideas.
Just Write
Writing comes first then editing. I know it seems obvious, but I think a lot of us get held up by the need to get everything right on the first go. When you’re writing, do just that — write. Allow yourself to put your ideas down in whatever form they come out. It doesn’t have to be perfect and it probably won’t be. That’s why you’re going to go back and fix it later. When you approach it with that understanding, it’s much easier to let the ideas flow.
The Bait and Switch
Now this one is just a mind game, but it works for me. When I was in university I’d spend hours writing and rewriting my introductions. Then I realized that you really can’t write the first paragraph of a paper until you’ve written the rest of it. So instead of sweating over the beginning of my papers, I’d start each one with a decoy introduction. I’d write any old thing down just to get past the hard part and then move on. This works pretty well whenever you get stuck. Write some placeholder text without the expectation of perfection and make a note to yourself that you’ll need to go back to it later.
Now Edit
Give the writing a break. Put it aside for a while and come back to it with fresh eyes. It’s amazing how much clearer those problem areas you were stuck on will appear when you’ve had some distance from them. This is when you can let the inner editor go crazy and also when she’ll be most effective, because now she won’t be distracted with all the writing stuff.
Give Yourself Time
The inner editor tends to become louder and more irritating the less time you have to complete a piece of writing. If you give yourself enough time to plan, to write and then to edit, it makes the whole process possible.
What about you? How do you deal with your inner editor?
The easiest way for me to quiet any inner editor (or external editor too, for that matter) – you know, any critic who tries to stop me from getting my story out?
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND THANKS! Nothing better than to stop for a brief moment and say “Thank You” to that voice… because it lets me know that I’m on to something good… 100% of the time! That voice comes out the strongest when I say authentic things, scary things, that challenges me.
I let it come out in full force, and remember to always thank it for appearing. It never appears when I’m doing something usual, mundane, normal. It only comes out when I’m most creative and honest, so I see it as a blessing. 🙂
Yes. I love that, Tash. What a great way to view it.
Great post Tamara, I like your approach better than constantly telling myself to shut up in my head.
This totally justifies my mindless rambling and many spelling mistake. I love how you broke this down.s.
Love the writing tips Tamara! I could of used them back in the school era! Hopefully my daughter will try them now and benefit from them! Thanks!
As I’m now re-writing my second novel, I will read this post again and again. I literally have to sit on my hands sometimes to stop myself from editing as I write. I have to repeat out loud, “Just write.” Thank you for this, Tamara!
How exciting that you’re working on your next book. Now I feel like I was a small part of it. 🙂
Thanks for this great article! I’ll have to come back to this once I get the courage up to write publicly.. In anticipation of the comments to a post, I know I’ll be tempted rewrite a paragraph 20 times 🙂
Amazing post!
My Inner Editor drives me nuts sometimes. “You are not a good writer Bonnie… What are you going share?… Who are YOU to blog?…” I’m glad I’m not the only one who has one, I will just tell it to quiet down. Thanks for the practical tips, brainstorming is something I enjoy doing tremendously, so I will take on this first step. Great post Tamara!
Thank you for this post, loved it Tamara!
I practically use your tip #2 – Just Write! I always take a look in a few days and update, revise, edit, etc. But first time I write a blog post I simple throw all words on a draft post, without paying too much attention.
This is the only way I am able to actually finish a post and publish it. And you know what? After I publish it I may still not like it, and when I have time I go back and change it a bit more. It helps with SEO too for search engines to see fresh content, so it’s win-win 😉
Thanks, Delia. One of the beauties of blogging is that you can still always go in and revise. And great point about SEO.
Good advice. I’ve never really had a big problem silencing the inner critic when it comes to writing. Design on the other hand….different story. For me, it all boils down to confidence.
I use the bait and switch technique all the time, and usually end up jotting down a basic outline of points I want to cover while I’m writing. Otherwise, I’ll forget the ideas.
Very good point about confidence. Thanks, Katherine.
First of all I want to say wonderful but it just seems like the first 10 to 15
minutes are wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin.
Any suggestions or tips? Many thanks!
That’s a great question, Jen. It’s something I struggle with myself. I find that brainstorming before I get started helps to put all the ideas that are rattling around in my head on paper so they don’t keep bouncing around up there. I also find exercise to be a great way of clearing my mind, whether it’s running, yoga or just going for a walk, moving the body around and getting the blood flowing seems to clear the way for writing.
Anyone else have suggestions for Jen?EuroOSCON Here I Come!
I head off to Amsterdam today for EuroOSCON, I’m booked in to the tutorials so there is no way I can make it in time tomorrow morning. This is my first O’Reilly conference (Euro FOO Camp wasn’t a normal con) and I’m a little nervous. I’ve got no idea what to expect. Still half the “fun” is wandering around lost trying to spot friendly faces among the sea of ThinkGeek T-Shirts.
I’m not expecting to spend much time online over the next seven days so don’t expect a reply to anything for about ten days while I try and catch up. And if you’re at EuroOSCON come and say “Hi”.Wednesday, May 4, 2016
Cleric: Revelry Domain
Revelry Domain
The revelry domain embodies deities associated with wine, feasts, merriment, drunkenness, gluttony, debauchery, and ritual madness, including Dionysus, Olidammara, and the Devourer. It reflects both the fleeting joy and unshakable depression and confusion of drinking, feasting, and carousing. Here nature and civilization collide, turn men into beasts and beasts into men – exploring all of the indulgences that life has to offer, from feats and drunkenness, to heroism and ravenous bloodshed.
Revelry Domain Spells
Bonus Cantrip
At 1st level, you learn the vicious mockery cantrip if you don’t know it already. It counts as a cleric spell for you.
Gift of Merriment
At 1st level, whenever an ally within 30 feet of you that you can see makes a weapon attack roll, you can use your reaction to instill in that ally the spirit of merriment, giving your ally advantage on the attack roll.
You can use this feature a number of times equal to your Wisdom modifier (a minimum of once). You regain all expended uses when you finish a long rest.
Channel Divinity: Spirit of Intoxication
Beginning at 2nd level, you can use your channel divinity as an action on your turn to disorient one creature within 30 feet overcoming that creature in a fit of uncontrollable drunkenness. The creature must make a Wisdom saving throw. On a failed saving throw, the creature is put under the effects of the confusion spell. It cannot take reactions and must roll a d10 at the start of each of its turns to determine its behavior for that turn. The creature may repeat this save at the beginning of each of its turn. This effect requires concentration to sustain and lasts for a maximum of 1 minute. Creatures immune to the charmed condition are immune to this effect.
Channel Divinity: Feast of Slaughter
Beginning at 6th level, you can use your Channel Divinity as an action on your turn to invoke the spirit of delicious slaughter and madness. For the next minute, any time a creature, friend or foe, within 30 of you that you can see is reduced to 0 or fewer hit points, you and all allies within 30 feet regain hit points equal to your proficiency bonus + Wisdom modifier.
Divine Strike
Starting.
Reason Through Madness
Starting at 17th level, you gain resistance to psychic damage and have advantage on saving throw to avoid becoming frightened or charmed or to avoid the effects of confusion.
Furthermore, whenever you succeed a saving throw to resist psychic damage or becoming frightened or charmed or to avoid the effects of confusion, you may use your reaction to force the attacker to repeated the same save throw. On a failed save, the spell or effect is reflected back upon the attacker.
Posted by Ian Burns at 2:58 AM
Labels: 5e D&D, Archetypes, ClericsShelf materials
the different types explained
Specifying the type, thickness and grade of material and the spacing between the supports largely depend upon the weight being supported by the shelving. The article below just gives some general guidelines for comparison between materials and advice should, where possible, also be obtained from the supplier or manufacturer of the shelf material. This article only deals with material for the shelf itself, see our other articles for supporting shelves and fixing the supports to walls.
The different types of loads supported by shelves can be considered as:
- A light load can be considered to be vases, small plants, trinkets etc.
- A medium load can be considered to be a shelf full of average sized paperback books.
- A heavy load can be considers to be large plants and hardcover books, etc.
The actual classification of the intended load should be 'common-sense', if in doubt, build stronger shelving and, before putting a heavy item on a shelf, consider what load the shelf was originally designed for.
The overhangs of a shelf at each end (beyond the supports) should always be kept to a minimum, usually the 'rule of thumb' is no more than 20% of the distance between the supports.
timber - laminated timber - plywood
- chipboard - blockboard - MDF - glass
shelf stiffener - timber edging
Timber
Solid wood is fairly strong and is available in various planed sizes which will suit most shelving needs - where the width of shelf cannot be obtained in one piece, tongued and grooved timber board can be used to form one surface which will not separate through warping - an alternative is to use separate planks joined edge to edge using dowels etc.
Timber is easy to work with and can be finished in a variety of ways - e.g. paint, varnish, polishes etc.
The thickness of timber required to avoid sagging between supports depends upon the distance between the supports and the load being placed on the shelf. 18mm thick timber should be considered the minimum thickness and the supports should not be spaced more than 700mm apart - with 25mm thick timber the supports should not be spaced more than 900mm apart.
Slatted timber - when a shelf is
only to support a light load, a slatted shelf can be made up using narrow pieces of timber fixed to battens - the battens are then
secured to the supports. This gives a wide shelf using less timber than a solid shelf.
Edge laminated softwood board
Edge laminated softwood board (such as pine board etc) - this is made up of strips of softwood (usually pine, 25 to 100mm wide) glued edge to edge to achieve finished board widths up to 600mm.
Usually the finished board is as strong as solid softwood timber and generally it looks as good except when viewed very close up.
It is easy to work with and can be finished in a variety of ways - e.g. paint, varnish, polishes etc - some cheaper board may have a lot of filler used to build up the surface, this filler may be detrimental when a clear finish is required.
Different thicknesses of laminated board are available, use the same support spacings as given above for solid timber.
Plywood
Plywood is made by bonding various numbers of thin layers together, each layer having the grain running at rightangles to the adjacent layers. Plywood is stronger, and less likely to sag, than chipboard and laminated chipboard.
It is easy to work with although the finish of the cut edges will probably be fairly rough and may need a trim to hide the different exposed layers. Plywood can be finished using paint or varnish.
Use 18mm thick plywood as a minimum and have supports at no greater than 700mm apart for all but the lightest of loads.
Chipboard
Chipboard is made up of wood particles bonded together under heat and pressure - it is classified by its density; normal, medium and high-density.
- Normal is fairly soft and 'flaky' and not really suitable for shelving.
- High-density is very hard and solid (often used for worktops and fire doors) - usually an 'overkill' for shelving.
- Medium density is in between Normal and High density.
Plain chipboard - unlaminated chipboard is the cheapest and weakest of all the material covered here. Generally it is considered unsuitable for shelving as the finish is so poor.
Laminated chipboard - laminated chipboard comes with a number of different types of veneers covering the faces (but usually not the ends). It is cheaper than solid timber but is not so strong - it tends to sag overtime except when used to support very light loads.
Consider 12mm thick laminated chipboard as a minimum and have supports no more than 300mm apart for all but the lightest load. When using 18mm thick chipboard, the spacing for the supports can be increased to 700mm.
Blockboard
Blockboard is made up of a core of softwood strips placed edge to edge and sandwiched between veneers of hardwood.
Blockboard is less likely to sag and is stronger than chipboard - providing that the core strips of softwood run lengthways.
Blockboard is easy to work with - the ends will probably need a trim to be fitted to cover the exposed ends of the different strips. It can be finished with paint or varnish.
Consider 18mm thick blockboard as a minimum and have supports no more than 700mm apart for all but the lightest load.
MDF
MDF (Medium Density Fibreboard) is stronger than chipboard.
Care needs to be taken when when working with MDF - it is manufactured using urea-formaldehyde resin which can be harmful. Adequate ventilation and wearing a face mask when machining it are essential, and breathing in MDF dust must be avoided.
The urea-formaldehyde resin may also be released in low concentrations over a long period of time; not everyone is adversely affected but some people can be, just by having a piece of MDF in a room.
MDF can be finished with paint or varnish - it should always be sealed in some way, not left bare.
Consider 18mm thick MDF as a minimum and have supports no more than 500mm apart for all but the lightest load. When using 25mm thick MDF, the spacing of the supports can be reduced to 700mm apart.
Glass
Clear, coloured or obscured glass can be attractive shelving for light loads - many DIY stores stock pre-cut glass shelving either as part of a complete shelving kit or on its own - special brackets are needed for glass shelving, they incorporate lips and clips to locate the glass in place.
The glass used for shelving needs to be toughened (a process carried out after the glass has been cut to size); once toughened, the glass cannot be re-cut to a new size. If a 'non-standard' size glass shelf is required, a glazing merchant can cut the glass to size and have it toughened. Never use ordinary glazing glass.
Shelf stiffener
Any timber based shelf material can be stiffened to stop it sagging between supports and to increase the load it can carry. Just glue and screw a wooden batten to the underside of the shelf half way across its width - the length of the batten should be such that it just fits between the supports.
A batten fixed to the wall at the back of the shelf which the rear of the shelf can rest on can be used on its own or in combination with a batten under the shelf - in this event, the batten under the shelf should be moved towards the front edge.
Timber edging
A timber edging will often be desirable after chipboard, plywood or blockboard has been cut to cover the exposed
edges which can be quite unattractive.
Softwood (or hardwood) edge moulding of a width to suit the shelving thickness, can easily be cut with corner mitres, and then glued and pined to the edges to hide the cut edges of the shelving.Top
20
Doctor insights on:
Vomiting Up Worms
1
Vomiting (Definition)
Vomiting = expulsion of stomach ...Read more
2
Horrible stomach pain unable to throw up watery diarrhea no substance?
Fever?: Anyone else ill? Could be a lot of things. Sounds like you need to see a doctor. Hope you're better soon. ...Read more
3
Woke up extremely nauseated. Got up & immediately crumbled to the floor where lay until could get up. No vertigo, emesis. Loose stool. Fine in morn?. ...Read more
4
Ate crab yesterday woke up throwing up horrible headache diarrhea all day?
Ate crab: I hope it is mild food poising.If condition not improving quickly i suggest we should see doctor.depending upon severity of disease one may need IV fluid and antibioyic treatment. ...Read more
5
Green stools and throwing up green vomit, what's the problem?
>>IMAGE
7
8
9
Painful diarrhea about every 2 months. Wakes me up at night. Vomit from pain, very painful stomach cramps. Bile in diarrhea?
Gut migraine: definitely should discuss with Gastroenterologist who's fascinated by neurological problems, or Neurologist interested in the gut..need to do studies to be sure its not the 'tip of the iceberg' of something progressive, but might be one of the reactive bowel issues often called IBS. Diet related? Responds to Zofran (ondansetron)? Good luck! ...Read moreSee 1 more doctor answer
10
Woke up at night, had stomach pain, nausea. Threw up 4 times and had watery stools. This morning continued to vomit yellow liquid. How to stop?
Gastroenteritis: This is either due to food poisoning of some type or more likely to viral infection (norovirus most commonly). It should not last more than several days. Until it clears keep yourself hydrated. If you cannot keep anything down go to an er and get evaluated and managed. Good luck and hope this misery goes away quickly. ...Read more
11
I've been coughing up green mucus. Have nausia chills headache dizziness fatigue occasional vomiting and coughed up blood once. What is it? I'm scared
Virus: May be a virus which can last up to 2 weeks. If symptoms fail to improve see your doctor. Stay hydrated and take otc remedies for fever/muscle aches. ...Read more
12
Age 33, , male.Woken up every night with severe chest pain (throat very dry).Only relieved by drinking water/milk.Also, woken up vomiting bile in sleep?
GERD: Your symptoms could be from acid reflux (gerd) or peptic ulcer disease. Ask you physician trial of anti acid medications. If you have weight loss, blood in the stool/black stools or symptoms not improving after anti acid treatment then endoscopy maybe indicated. ...Read moreSee 2 more doctor answers
13
Wake up with nausea and stomach ache. Throw up and have diarrhea. No other symptoms. Pregncy imposs. Food allergy? Virus? Reaction to birth control?
14
At greasy food with in hours belching, wake up with sweats, vomiting middle back pain nauseated fever could this b gallbladder, went to ER labs normal?
Yes, need ultrasound: The symptoms you provide could be associated with gallbladder inflammation or cholecystitis, usually associated with gallstones. The test for this is initially a liver/gallbladder ultrasound. Bloodwork may or may not be useful, depending on the acuteness and whether the gallstones are blocking only the gallbladder or other bile ducts. If this is negative, other tests should be considered. ...Read more
15
22m old fell from chair&hit back of head yesterday.Woke up threw up 2xthis morning&now has101.2fever.Acting normal, vomit normal.Related2fall or flu?
17
Nausea without vomitting, dirrhea once, woke up in sweat, pain in stomach and bones, can't eat, weakness..Since friday (almost 3 days) what's wrong?
Virus: Viral illness suspected. Start with fluids and tylenol (acetaminophen).Consider physician for antinausea medication. Keep hydrated should pass. Diet bratt bananas rice apple sauce tea toast.. ...Read more
18
Nauseous for 5 days sporadic throwing up yellow bile burning belly sweating no fever ?
More information...: We would need to have more information to give you an accurate answer on this. How this this has been going on for?Abdominal pain?Any abnormalities with your periods? Just to ask a few.However,if just a few days,might be a virus, so stay hydrated and rest.If having significant abdominal pain I would suggest you to go to the ED for evaluation. You might also need a pregnancy test if period is late. ...Read more
19
Awoke feeling like throwing up. Tried, but couldn't-Was dry heaving/coughing up small bits of blood.Blew nose-reddish color.Have Bad GERD. Thoughts?
GERD//red emesis: Limited information. Would seek medical attention today. It could be some irritation from the acid of GERD as it refluxes upward with sleep into the nasopharynx ,or a major GI bleed,which causes nausea when the stomach fills with blood . Seek medical attention today as soon as possible. ...Read more
20
Could I have pneumonia? Severe cough, chills, vomiting, can't eat or sleep for 2 days, coughing up and vomiting up clear thick mucus
Yes: The symptoms you describe could be pneumonia or influenza . See your doctor and get a chest x-ray. ...Read morePerhaps more than any other event, the introduction of photography altered how individuals were memorialized and are remembered. While portraits have been produced for thousands of years, photographic images were first introduced about 1838 and the first known photograph to contain people was produced between April and May of that year.[1] This photograph is of the Boulevard du Temple in Paris, and due to the long exposure time of about ten to twelve minutes, all people in the photograph moved and avoided being captured in the image, with the exception of a man having his shoes shined who remained still for the length of the exposure.[2] Continue reading The introduction of photographyAds by CinemaPlus-3.2c removal solution
Do you see Ads by CinemaPlus-3.2c permanently in your browser? Believe us, you’re not along who experiences such problems right now. There are many people in the world today who struggle to find the answer to this important question – how to get rid of CinemaPlus-3.2c Ads? This problem relates […]Colour or white lights.
It’s a huge debate. White or coloured lights. Some people like the clean and uniform style of white lights while others enjoy the bright festive spirit of coloured lights. It all depends on the look you’re going for. White lights. Recently, people have started to shift from the more traditional… Read moreHunter is a senior at Globe High School
Q: What do you enjoy most about soccer?
A: Getting to play with my friends.
Q: How many years have you been playing this sport?
A: This is my 2nd year.
Q: What is your favorite subject in school?
A: Math.
Q: What is the best thing about high school?
A: Hanging out with my friends.
Q: What do you plan to do after high school?
A: College.
Q: What are your hobbies outside of school?
A: Coaching my sisters coach pitch team.
Q: What other sports do you play?
A: Baseball
Q: What is your favorite Globe-Miami game memory?
A: When we beat Miami last year in over time.
Q: What do you like about Globe?
A: It’s a small town.- Unrivaled yachting services in Dubai & Abu Dhabi
- Team of specially trained yachting professionals offering around the clock customer service
- 360 service offering, from pick up to drop off, so you can rest assured and enjoy your yachting experience
Here at Eden Yachting we have one only mission; to deliver a service that does not just meet our clients expectations, but ensures they have the very best yacht charter and yacht sales experience to build a long lasting relationship based on trust and customer satisfaction. This is because we understand, whether you are buying a yacht, chartering, or even in need of new yacht management, having a team of trusted professionals by your side can make all the difference.
So why wait! Give us a call today at +971 43 282930 or fill in our contact form and have a dedicated yacht services specialist get back to you at a time that best suits you.Former NBA star Marbury has his own museum in China
Stephon Marbury has been in our collective NBA consciousness for so long that it’s easy to forget he’s still just 38 years old, having played his final NBA season in 2009. Now, Marbury is a constant star in China, the biggest name in their league, and apparently deserving of some major accolades.
He’s won the MVP in the CBA, and he has multiple titles, too. But apparently titles aren’t enough to propertly honor this hoops-playing star. Now, Marbury has his own museum.
Step. It is scheduled to open to the public next Monday.
Holy smokes. Take a look at this:
#TheHouseOfMarburyMuseum Jesus Did It PERIOD! #Godisgreat pic.twitter.com/aNFOfuHYI4
— I AM PEACE STAR (@StarburyMarbury) December 21, 2015
Marbury was as talented as they come during his NBA career, bouncing around between the Timberwolves, Suns, Knicks, Nets and Celtics. Unfortunately, he could never carry a winner, but he did make it onto a couple of All-Star teams. Even after trailing off later in his carer, he averaged 19.3 points and 7.6 assists a game during 13 NBA seasons.
Beyond seeing his star rise once again in China, Marbury has also recently offered his take on Michael Jordan’s shoe empire. Suffice it to say that Marbury isn’t a fan:Will
Gary
Some would call it a desire to “build a better mousetrap.” In early 2009 I (Will) was dealing with an excessive mouse problem in my home. The furry little creatures were visiting on a nightly basis and leaving their calling cards everywhere—in the silverware drawer, pantry, counter tops… everywhere! Having dealt with mousetraps and poisons, and a particularly unsettling experience with sticky paper, I began to explore alternative solutions. My research revealed peppermint oil-soaked cotton balls to be an effective deterrent when placed in strategic spots. The only problem was that the oil evaporated so quickly that the mice were not discouraged for long, and to add insult to injury, they even took the dried cotton balls back to their nests!
In August 2009, I consulted with a friend of mine, an engineering professor (Gary), to help design a product that would solve the potency maintenance problem. In our first meeting, he began designing a prototype for a continuous, long lasting delivery system. After numerous refinements and testing over a three year period, a design was finalized. We call it NO MOUSE IN THE HOUSE(TM). We filed for a patent and started a company to manufacture and distribute it (SimpleTek LLC). The now-patented NO MOUSE IN THE HOUSE(R) system combines the powerful deterring effects of a blend of all natural peppermint oils housed in a reservoir with a continuous feed wick, a protective shell, and a shape that allows the user to place or roll the unit into hard-to-reach areas virtually anywhere. And the best thing is, it lasts for six months or longer!, through the entire mouse season! We think you will agree that NO MOUSE IN THE HOUSE(R) is an all natural, clean, effective, long-lasting, humane, and pleasant-smelling solution to an age-old problem!
Gary and WillThe MODELS Information Architecture makes use of various technical and jargon-rich terms, which aid the exchange of information amongst the knowledgeable but, inevitably, act as a barrier to those entering the discourse from outside.
This Glossary will be developed over time in order to dispel some of the mystery surrounding MIA and the environment it attempts to describe.Weschsler follows up Mission Hill with another sizzling mystery featuring Boston District Attorney chief of homicide, Abby Endicott. Abby is reaping the rewards of her last case – she appears to be a shoe-in as the next D.A.. and her boyfriend Tyler has moved in with her. For now, though, she’s concentrating on tracking down a serial killer that’s murdered two college girls. A third has disappeared and is also feared dead. When Abby uncovers evidence that links the sons of a powerful government official, she’s told to back off, in no uncertain terms. But Abby is not about to back off, she will do anything to bring justice to the murdered girl and their families, even if it means the end of her career, or worse, her life. This is a fantastic series with one of the most intriguing and well drawn protagonists I have read in a long time
The Graves by Pamela Wechsler. Published by St. Martins
AdvertisementsMarriage season. Festivities. You’re the bride. So many of us have been there, but being so close to the D-day it sure is more than just butterflies. You see that’s the simplest answer the bride can give to everyone asking “How does it feel?”. But its a lot more than that.
It’s a whirlwind. You’re seeing the days pass you by at a lightning pace. Now you always knew the date and were counting it down every time you meet friends. Besties would go a step further and remind you anyways.”So! 1 month left for the big day. All ready?”. “Well not quite, you see there’s so much!”
Truth is you will never be ready. No matter how much of a control freak you are. There is a little bit of knit picking in every thing around you. Some of my friends say they began preparations months before. However being the last minute fix-it persona I’ve been all along, everything can get done is my approach. In fact, there’s a solution for every problem i quip to family. But family, you see its more stress for them. While i sit in the corner and nibble away on small portions, i watch the grand opera unfold. So what is it exactly that I’m feeling?
Absurd. Excited. Attached. Nostalgic. Nervous. It feels weird to look around and think that just one day later, things will change. I’m not afraid of change, its always required and should be welcomed. I know that responsibilities will increase. There is a lot more at stake now you see. Given the traditions we are bound with there are a lot of expectations to be met. Every time i meet someone and they see the cross cultural affair (quite clearly a punjabi marrying a bengali), they gush “love marriage”? In most situations i don’t know what to refer to Arijit as. Sometimes i begin with ‘My fiance’ and other times ‘My boyfriend’. Elders remind, ‘Beta you must always say fiance’. I don’t see how that’s always mentioned because any marriage is the coming together of two people and don’t couples in “arranged marriages” have a courtship period? I’m sure they find love there to actually go to the next stage! Different cultures always mean that the shaadi will come with its set of learning. You see, in the arranged marriage folks have it simpler since everything is understood. But here, we learn so much more with each custom & ceremony. The culture exchange is awesome. It’s going to be chaotic for some, but its more fun to me.
Leaving the family you grow up with is going to be hard. Growing older in one house and lamenting about the color of the walls to moving to a different house with a complete new setup is coming up sooner than you think. You know the annoying neighbors will be replaced by a new set of people. The local shops where they know exactly what you need will be history, the learning curve will start again. Relatives. Enough said, will have their own set of good advice. Which with all due respect, you must keep for your own good. Most importantly, Smile. As the hours go by, I’m rather confused about what’s the big deal really with marriage? To me it seems like the start of a new chapter. The book’s the same, only that there will be more characters and more to explore as we branch out. A larger family to go back to, a richer cross culture learning and a lifetime of bliss cementing a nine year long relationship is what i’m looking forward to.
Minus the butterflies 🙂
wonderful!! very well-written!!
love,
Rupa Didi
Thanks a lot Rupa Didi! Looking forward to meet you 🙂
Love the Henna 😉
Hey Lorna, thanks! The bridal henna is a very intricate design and takes 3 hours for application 🙂
i’ve seen Kenyans trying it on their wedding days. Might try it on mine too when that time comes.
Yes absolutely. Quite an experience 🙂
my pleasure dear!! yes, looking forward eagerly!! 🙂
well expressed and so true
Thanks Indrajit!
Its so beautiful dear. just lyk u ..congrts.. 🙂
Hey Manali! thanks a lot 🙂
Hey Neha, all the best for the new chapter…wish all the people around were as positive as your little write up 🙂
Thanks a lot Reshu, so good to hear from you! Hope is what keeps us going 🙂
Chhotuuuuu!!!! Congratssss…on the blog that is!!! You made it! Now once the marriage is over..you guys are settled in..me n shikha will be gracing your house with our holy presence. 😛
So happy for you mate….keep smiling n things will only get easier from here on. 🙂
Hey hotta! Thanks a lot for the wishes. Yes absolutely me and Ari will be glad to have you over. Waiting to see you both tomorrow 🙂
Neha, congratulations for your new life:) Very well composed and kudos for writing it just before your special day..Its amazing!!
Thanks a lot for the wishes Shruti 🙂 Glad to know you liked it!
Pingback: Homepage
Oh my God, you wrote before your wedding !! I have always thought I would do the same whenever time comes.. Congratulations 🙂
Yes I did! It was a roller coaster ride for me 🙂 Thanks for the comment Jyotsna 🙂Q. How To Deal With Humiliation?
Guruji : Know:
• Be childlike
• Be crazy
• Get steeped in love with the Divine
• Total commitment to Truth-Knowledge
Om Namah Shivay
***Write ” Om Namah Shivay ” if you ask for God’s blessing on your life today. Please Like, Tag and Share to bless others!Home Health Care Fraud Settlement for our Clients
We are happy to report that a False Claims Act case filed by two of our clients against North Atlantic Medical Services Inc. (NAMS), doing business as Regional Home Care Inc., has been successfully resolved by the United States and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts [Press Release].
The settlement involving fraud on the Medicare and Medicaid programs was announced by the United States Department of Justice, fill in their pr, the United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts, fill in its pr, and the Attorney General’s Office for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, fiil in its pr, after a nearly two year investigation.
The defendant NAMS is a medical device company based in Massachusetts that provides equipment and services for the treatment of respiratory ailments, such as oxygen deficiency and sleep apnea. Under the terms of the settlement, NAMS has agreed to pay $852,378 to resolve allegations that it used unlicensed employees to set up sleep apnea masks and oxygen therapy equipment for patients in Massachusetts and then improperly billed Medicare and Medicaid for these services.
The whistleblowers will jointly share a portion of the federal and state recoveries in the case.
We are very proud of our clients, who took the risk in coming forward to alert law enforcement and other authorities to the improper billing of Medicare and Medicaid and the threat to patient safety. The patients who need these services are among our most vulnerable, and deserve our protection..).
A copy of the complaint can be found here.Remington 8 Shot Aluminum Mag Extension
Expand your round capacity to 8 shots with ATI's Aluminum Mag Extensions for Remington 870 Shotgun.
- Holds an Additional 3 - 2 3/4"
For: 12 GA Remington 870
8-ShotCategory: Intuitive Training
This (Unexpected) Movie is My New Guide to LifePosted February 10, 2016 in Intuitive Training
My mom (a trained mathematician) often has a hard time explaining to her friends what I do for a living. “You daughter talks to dead people?” “She sees energy?” “She’s psychic???” “She helps incarnate Souls?? What does that even mean?”. So I was happy to inform her yesterday after a matinee showing with my 7-year old: “From now on if anyone is confused about what...
How to have a psychic connection with your pet: Animal Communication 101Posted October 27, 2015 in Intuitive Training
Animals are psychic. (Some strictly refer to this sense as 'instinct' but I say: Same diff. We humans also have 'instincts' that tell us, for example, when someone may be dangerous with no 'rational explanation' as to how we know this.) Your dog knows immediately which dog to befriend and which to steer clear of at the dog park. Your cat can sense your mood change and knows when to come...
What is Your Intuitive Type? (With Quizzes!)Posted September 27, 2013 in Intuitive Training
Psychic intelligence--The Clair-Abilities (This post is excerpted from my book, “Authentic Intuition: A Psychological and Energetic Guide to Find Your Purpose, Claim Your Life and Live With Joy.”) The clair abilities are the different modes in which we receive intuitive information. We all usually have one or two at which we are the most skilled, but we can receive...
Why do I keep seeing 11:11?Posted September 27, 2013 in Intuitive Training
“Your crown has been bought and paid for. All you have to do is put it on your head”-James Baldwin Everything has a vibration. It may be surprising to consider numbers as carrying their own unique meaningful vibrations, because they are often considered somewhat cold and neutral, factual and unbiased, consistent and predictably repeatable--like math facts or geometry. Yet, numerology, the...
Put Your Spirit Guides in their PlacePosted September 27, 2013 in Intuitive Training
Yesterday a client came to see me. “Tell me about my guides.” She asked. “Well, do you know your Soul?” “Ya, sure.” I could tell she didn’t. She knew she HAD a Soul. She knew her Soul as a concept. Yet I could feel she didn’t know her Soul directly, intimately, literally and devotionally. I could see her still searching externally for answers, not clear about how to...
Is ‘Psychic’ a Dirty Word?Posted May 15, 2013 in Intuitive Training
The “P” Word. Psychic. It’s not 4 letters, but it is often thought of as a dirty word. Words have cultural bias attached to them--and following it like a bad rap sheet, the term ‘psychic’ needs a fresh start. When we hear the word ‘psychic,’ we are flooded with images of Miss. Cleo, flakey new-agers and swindling con-artists preying on their poor, grieving victims. If a...
5 Most Common Myths About PsychicsPosted January 25, 2013 in Intuitive Training
Alexi Murdoch: An Energetic Take on a Musical Wizard.Posted March 10, 2011 in Intuitive Training
Several years ago I awoke from a dream with these words running through my head: "Row, Row, Row your boat, Gently down the Stream. Merrily, Merrily Merrily, Merrily, Life is but a dream. Life is but a dream. Life is but a dream." This was during a time in my life when I was having major spiritual and psychic openings, seeing people's energy (auras) everywhere I went and meditating 20...
Wake Up!Posted January 10, 2011 in Intuitive Training
So last night I finally watched the film Wake Up. From the...
I See You…In A Brown HatPosted September 21, 2010 in Intuitive Training
I just got off the phone after four client sessions back-to-back. Usually I feel like crawling into a bath with epson salts (a great way to clear energy, by the way...) but instead tonight, I feel inspired to write a bit on the blog. A friend of mine told me a funny story. She once had an energy reading done and the psychic reader looked at her with total seriousness and said, "I see you in a...
Photography, Again?! May 26, 2014Posted by nrhatch in Art & Photography, Humor, People.
trackback!
Whew! Thank heavens he got the Kodak 35! He knew what he wanted!!! Awesome camera. Nancy did he hang on to that camera? I would think that would be so nice for you to have.
My older brother has dad’s photography stuff, including several old cameras. Not sure if the Kodak 35 is included in the mix, but it might be. I’m happy with my little digital point and shoot.
[…] Continued next Monday . . . Photography, Again?! […]
I love this series!
Thanks, Nancy. I was glad this landed on Memorial Day ~ it seems a suitable post for a day set aside to honor those who have served in the military.
What a great post for Memorial Day, Nancy. That camera looks like it would be heavy. Such a big difference from the cameras today.
Enjoy your holiday!
My first camera was a box camera . . . with no attachments. My point and shoot digital that fits in my pocket is a bit less bulky.
Nancy, your camera sounds very like mine. How the world has changed, take a photo, upload it to the computer and it can go worldwide in minutes, unlike when we were young and had to wait for the roll to be finished before handing it over for processing! I am glad your dad had a hobby to take his mind off the action of his time in Korea.
The strides we’ve made in some areas are amazing ~ I remember waiting for the roll to be done, mailing it off, waiting for the prints and keeping my fingers crossed that some of the shots would be worth the wait.
Dad’s focus on photography helped the time go by a bit faster, but he was still happy to head home at the end of his enlistment.
I can vouch for the difficulty of learning the Korean language.
Do you speak Korean?
I found French and Spanish tough enough ~ but I can order food, wine, and ask for directions to the bathroom.
I speak survival Korean, though even that has probably faded. I took two semesters of it in college, and they were by far the two most difficult courses.
I took Spanish in middle and high school. Sometimes, when I can’t think of the Korean word, its Spanish equivalent will takes its place in the sentence. No, brain. It doesn’t work that way.
Haha! Our brains are ever so helpful . . . reaching for data to complete whatever puzzle or perplexity we’re pondering.
“Here, try this.”
“No, I said I need the next piece of the puzzle . . . not peace!”
“Oh, sorry . . . are you sure you can’t make it work?”
“Positive.”
“Oh, c’mon. All we are saying is give peace a chance.”
“Funny.”
“I’ll be here all week.”
I think it’s funny how particular he was about the camera he wanted. I’m glad he finally got the one wanted!
I’ve condensed his concerns by about 90%. In great and tedious detail, he outlined (to his dad) what would work, what wouldn’t work, and why he wanted what he wanted.
And in the end, he was “well satisfied.”
I remember thinking that anyone with a dark room in their home was really something! Your dad took his hobby very seriously, I’d say, and I can imagine it was exciting to see the film develop. I really enjoy these posts about your dad, Nancy. He really has the sound of an interesting Renaissance man. He had so many interests! 🙂
As a pre-teen, I loved to go into the dark room to help dad develop pictures. Seeing the photographs come to life in the wash, bathed only in yellow light was great ~ like watching a Polaroid print appear before your very eyes.
Once I got a camera with 110 film, it was easier to mail it off than struggle to open the film in the dark.
You must have some wonderful photos.
My older brother has most of the photos ~ the ones I have are the ones that were inside the letters he sent home.
Finally finding time to read this post of more fascinating writings from your father. And he was right about the Russians!
He also says, “…I did start learning Korean. We have had three classes. Everyone who has had Latin, French, Spanish, or some other European language says that Korean is a lot harder than any they have studied before.” I had the same reaction when I was there. In the book, “Korea, Are You at Peace?” I devote a chapter to the Korean language!
Thanks, Joanne. After yesterday’s post on the Chaos of the English language, I’m glad that I’m not in a position of having to master Korean.
I enjoyed that one, too. I had seen it before in written version. The one you posted was a YouTube, spoken version. I’ve saved the link and will listen to that one some time when I’m not about to sign off and make lunch. 😉
BTW, Korean is in a totally different language family, the Ural-Altaic (as opposed to Indo-European), which means that there are VERY few cognates with English. But there are a few, some of the most basic ones, which supports the notion of some “Mother Tongue” way back in the day, when grunts began to turn into words. Just a tidbit for another word-lover.
Thanks. I expect that “Coca Cola” translates with ease. 😎Airline increases traffic by 16.3%, and achieves its second highest load factor for a third quarter
CALGARY, Oct. 11, 2016 /CNW/ - WestJet today announced September 2016 traffic results with a load factor of 79.9 per cent an increase of 2.5 percentage points year over year. Revenue passenger miles (RPMs), or traffic, increased 16.3 per cent year over year, and capacity, measured in available seat miles (ASMs), grew 12.6 per cent over the same period. In the third quarter of 2016, the airline flew a record 5.9 million guests, a year-over-year increase of 7.0 per cent or approximately 384,000 additional guests.
"We are pleased with our fifth consecutive month of double-digit traffic growth, as we achieved our second highest load factor for a third quarter at 84.0 per cent and flew a record 5.9 million guests," said WestJet President and CEO Gregg Saretsky. "As we transition through our shoulder period into the busy winter season, I want to thank our almost 12,000 WestJetters for their commitment to providing our brand of friendly caring service."
September 2016 traffic results
In September, WestJet announced a multi-year agreement as primary provider for Suncor Energy to fly employees and contractors to and from its oil sands operations in Northern Alberta beginning in early November 2016.Nursery Beddings. Sunday , September 03rd , 2017 - 21:40:44 PM.
The wonderful photo below is other parts of Baby Girl Owl Crib Bedding.
If you are purchasing bedding be certain to look at the fabric and the thread content. Bedding that are created from 100% cotton or some flannel cotton ought to be excellent for your boy or girl. Hello Kitty bedding is excellent for fans of this iconic character or even if you're just on the lookout for a wonderful pink theme for a bedroom. One reason for the popularity in Hello Kitty Bedding is that there are lots of accessories that you may use to decorate the room to go for it. An additional important thing which you have to think about looking into when you purchase bedding is the caliber of the material. Since you can see intricately woven jacquard bedding in queen size is a significant product to purchase..Indians knew no commercial trading until the advent of the Portuguese on the western coasts of a land solely ruled by the kings. What began as "just trading" soon turned into colonization. Territorial aggression grew, which demanded an administration. With it dawned a concept of a 'responsible government'. Throughout our history, energy was channelized solely for one thing. To frame an Indian government. A democratic government from the people, by the people, for the people. On course our leaders segregated into two parties within themselves; moderates who believed in long term goals and extremists who believed in short term goals with instant results. They always resolved into riots and confused structure of executing various tasks, a total chaos.
Somewhere along the line goals were abandoned. People lost faith in the leaders following extremism. Many unsung heroes, who ultimately paid the price with their lives, had an unfinished story. One such unsung hero is our very own Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. Everyone knows that Netaji was an important personality, participated in many freedom movements, lead many ventures, but his complete work is just not known. His last whereabouts were heard somewhere on a foreign land. But it was unclear is to why? Many questions lures around Netaji's disappearance. One aspect was clear. He wanted to spread the notion of independence globally. He wanted the foreign intervention and believed only if India has good fireworks, imported goods, only then India can achieve its freedom. He thought of it as the only way to compete with a developed nation as Britain. With its pursue, Netaji also vanished away without any traces. Many sources alleged that Bose had died in a plane crash. But again it had lot of controversies surrounding it. Hence to conclude decisively, a commission was set up to rule out possibilities of what did not happen during the era dating mid august 1945. What were the facts and facets surrounding the mysterious death of Bose in the plane crash on 18 august 1945.
The first commission set up was Shah Nawaz Committed appointed by Jawaharlal Nehru in 1956- a three member committee headed by Shah Nawaz Khan, a parliament member who served formerly as a colonel in the Indian navy. It also had Suresh Bose, Subhash Chandra Bose's elder brother as its member. The purpose of the commission was to understand certain aspects. Whether Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose is dead or alive? If so., what were his whereabouts? If he died, did he die in the plane crash as conspiracy says? Whether the ashes in the Japanese temple is of Netaji?. People were questioned in different ways about the crash. People included medical personnel who claimed they treated Bose, people who said they were on the very plane with Bose during the crash. But then stories grew in different dimensions as time passed by with questions. Major evidences were not discussed with Suresh due to which the commission had to falsely conclude many aspects. It met with an abrupt end.
The next commission set up was Khosla committee created by the government of Indira Gandhi in the year 1970.-a one man committee G.D.Khosla a retired chief justice of the Punjab High court. This too ended abruptly after four years. In the report submitted, it said that no hard evidence was found in favour of Netaji's death.
In 1999 following a court order Mukherjee Commission was set up. A one man commission again and Mukherjee a retired Supreme Court judge was asked to probe into Bose's death. In a report submitted to the government in 2015 he ruled out possibilities of the ashes found in the Renkoji temple being Bose's. The report was rejected without substantial reason. It also received mixed responses.
The question however remained. What exactly happened to this nationalist leader? Why has it been such a conspiracy that it is not resting on a solid ground. Bose was a leader who took part actively in the political animosity in every sense. He was a leader who believed and involved the youth in the military power. He also met and conversed with leading military bureaucrats. There is a lot of mystery surrounding his death. There are many classified files reported, not allowed to be public. Pre-conceived notion preludes the controversy as always. So to solve all of this the government must order a commission under the guidance of a sitting judge of the supreme court. A special investigating team(SIT), should be given access to declassify the many classified files under the central government. SIT would consist of people from different fields allowing the coverage of different information in wider perspective.
History cannot come alive to tell the story. But history is the version of the past events that people have decided to agree upon. And this "mysterious disappearance" is something that is not agreed upon. We live in an era of advanced technology. On analysing, cross examining and critical examination of the past facts may perhaps lead to an 'agreed' upon conclusion. The other side of the coin is also on how transparently the probing would carry on. It should be free of bias, it should be done as a matter of national interest; in order to unravel what is hidden, if necessary, must be given access to take the matter at an international platform to elicit crucial data. So on the due course of unravelling the mystery of our leaders fate, yields a positive result as expected from the above said, then the very crown of history that we believe is our solid past, will find privilege in welcoming one of its lost gem.
Sanjana.FernandesWorking full time for my NFL pool into a spreadsheet that I send out before the1 p.m. game each Sunday. Couple this with the two fantasy football leagues I am in and it feels like I am spending 20 hours a week doing work.
Fortunately this is fun and only for the next few months, otherwise I wouldn't do it.
By
Previous: Sales don't seem so bad | Next: Playing in the middle of nowhere
Jeff Kuehn| October 18, 2010; 6:05 AM ET | Category: Misc Save & Share:
Previous: Sales don't seem so bad | Next: Playing in the middle of nowhere
House for Rent
- About this property
- Explore Greenslopes
Two Extra Bedrooms Downstairs, 2 Kitchens Pet Friendly!Property ID 1524250To book a time to inspect, simply click on "email agent" to arrange. By registering, you will be INSTANTLY informed of any updates changes or cancellations for your appointment.
This is real inner city value just move in and take advantage of the lifestyle this location offers. Perfect for the expanded family, with fabulous open living with loads of character and separate entries. This property offers two kitchens and expands with two extra bedrooms downstairs for the kids to sustain.
Features Include:
TOP FLOOR
- Three Bedroom upstairs with polished wooden floorboards
- Sizable kitchen with gas cooking
- Quality timber kitchen with granite bench-tops and loads of cupboard space upstairs
- Own entertaining area upstairs
- Modern bathroom and features within the property
- Air con throughout
Down Stairs is low ceilings and has a second kitchen and self contained space. Perfect for teenagers!
This property will be great for a family wanting that extra room, please contact Ray White Coorparoo to book an inspection be sure not to miss out!.
-This unique coffee-flavored snack cake is perfectly flavored with coffee or espresso, and the finely chopped walnuts give it amazing texture. The frosting is also flavored with coffee or espresso, and a little cream cheese makes it especially smooth and delicious.
This one layer cake is the perfect size for most families, and it is so easy to prepare and bake. Make it for a weekend dessert or take it to a potluck or party.
What You'll Need
- Cake:
-
- 3/4 cup walnuts (divided)
-
- 1 1/2 cups (7 ounces) all-purpose flour (7 ounces)
-
- 1 teaspoon baking powder
-
- 1/4 teaspoon salt
-
- 1 stick (4 ounces) butter (softened)
-
- 1 cup sugar (granulated)
-
- 2 large eggs
-
- 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
-
- 1/3 cup milk
-
- 3 tablespoons strong espresso or very strong black coffee
-
- Frosting:
-
- 1 1/2 cups sugar (confectioners')
-
- 2 tablespoons butter (softened)
-
- 3 tablespoons cream cheese (softened)
-
- 2 to 3 teaspoons strong espresso or very strong black coffee
-
How to Make It
- Heat the oven to 350° F (180° C/Gas 4). Grease and flour an 8-inch round cake pan.
- With a food processor or food chopper, finely chop 1/2 cup of the walnuts. Set aside.
- Combine the flour, baking powder, and salt n a bowl; blend thoroughly and set aside.
- In a mixing bowl with electric mixer, beat the 1/2 cup of softened butter with the granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating after each addition. Blend in the vanilla.
- In a measuring cup, combine the milk with the 3 tablespoons of espresso or coffee.
- With the mixer on low speed, blend in the flour mixture into the creamed mixture, alternating with the milk and espresso mixture. Blend well.
- Fold in the finely chopped walnuts.
- Spread the batter in the prepared baking pan.
- Bake for 25 minutes, or until the cake springs back when lightly touched with a finger. A toothpick should come out clean when inserted into the center of the cake.
- Cool in the pan on a rack for 10 minutes. Carefully remove the cake from the pan and cool completely.
Frosting
- In a mixing bowl with an electric mixer, blend the confectioners' sugar with the 2 tablespoons of butter and the cream cheese. Beat in the strong espresso or coffee, 1 teaspoon at a time, until the frosting is fluffy and spreadable. Add more confectioners' sugar if it becomes too thin.
- Coarsely chop the remaining 1/4 cup of walnuts.
- Spread frosting over the top and sides of the cooled cake.
- Sprinkle the coarsely chopped walnuts over the top of the cake.
You Might Also LikeCanwest Global Communications closed on Thursday at 6.5 cents a share, raising questions about the future of Canada's onetime media giant.
On Wednesday, Canwest stock had closed at 14 cents. According to a columnist in the Globe and Mail, that gave the company an equity value of just $28 million.
The stock opened Thursday at 13 cents, its 52-week low. (Its 52-week high had been $3.07.) It fell as low as 5.5 cents before gaining a cent at the closing.
Response so far has been muted. In Thursday's Winnipeg Free Press, Martin Cash argued that Canwest can still make a little money, and since TV and newspapers are in a tailspin, no one would want to buy Canwest's resources anyway.
Another observer saw an opportunity for Fox News to move into Canada. Jack's Newswatch ("News, disjointed views, and Sarah for President in 2012"), cited Pierre Bourque's coverage and then wrote:
Many visitors that come here to read the entries on this site comment about their desire to see a news outlet like Fox News in Canada and the thought which has often run through my mind (because I am not entirely oblivious to the trials and tribulations of Canwest) is that Fox News should try to secure a controlling interest in the company if they can't buy it outright and in the process change the entire political picture up here in the great white north.
I don't know whether it would be permitted but I leave it for readers to kick around. My feeling is that it would be a hugely popular move in Conservative circles. So much so that it just might blow CTV and CBC right out of the water (not to mention the Star and the Globe).
I'll leave the idea for more knowledgable minds to think and comment about but my gut reaction to Pierre's links is that it’s far past time Canadians began to consider the concept as we continue to be held hostage in our own land by a left leaning media for far to long. A change would be nice and Canwest Global is really cheap right now — a real bargain.
As of late Thursday afternoon, Canwest's own website had not been updated since Tuesday.
Crawford Kilian is a contributing editor of The Tyee.
What have we missed? What do you think? We want to know. Comment below. Keep in mind:
Do:
Do not:Novo-Aleksandrovsk Hotel Accommodation
Search 10 hotels in Novo-Aleksandrovsk
Collect 10 nights, get 1 reward night
And look out for Secret Prices on selected hotels
Where to stay in Novo-Aleksandrovsk
Let Hotels.com Australia provide the information you need to find the best hotel and accommodation deals in Novo-Aleksandrovsk. You can easily book your online room reservations in Novo-Aleksandrovsk today. All you have to do is:
- Compare various Novo-Aleksandrovsk hotels by star rating, amenities, theme or brands.
- Review Novo-Aleksandrovsk hotel room rates, hotel details, user reviews and photos.
- Securely book your hotel room online today!
- Receive text and email confirmation for your online booking and hotel reservation details.Published: 2017/07/26
John Mayer Covers Prince’s "The Beautiful Ones" in Anaheim
John Mayer’s solo tour resumed following the conclusion of Dead & Company’s summer jaunt and the guitarist joined up with his band once again for a run that brought him to Anaheim, CA last night.
Mayer surprised with a pair of covers on the night including the appropriate selection of 2Pac’s “California Love” early on in the show as well as a David Ryan Harris-led rendition of Prince’s “The Beautiful Ones,” which Harris has covered before with Mayer.
Mayer’s tour continues tomorrow night at the Golden Center in Sacramento, CA.
There are 2 comments associated with this post
c'mon July 27, 2017, 11:59:38
Hahahah July 27, 2017, 12:26:26Share Google Maps Location with Friends using new Short URLs easily
Good news for all Google Maps users. If you use it frequently and share lot of Google Maps URLs with your friends, you will rejoice over the new Google Maps Labs feature named ‘Short URLs’.
You must have found Google Maps URLs too long to manage so far. It includes a lot of parameters. But now, Google has solved the problem with URL shortening service. This brand new feature dramatically shortens Maps URLs. The Maps URLs are hosted at goo.gl, the search engine’s official URL shortening service. Therefore, it works fast.
Just navigate into Labs and enable ‘Short URL’. You will get short permalinks when you click “Link” at the right-top corner. To get the full permalink, you need to right-click on “Link” and copy the location. But, you will miss the embedding feature if you enable ‘Short URL’.
As an example, search for “Taj Mahal, Agra, Uttar Pradesh, India”.
Before enabling the service, the link was .
But now, you have the short permalink as .
The best utility of this service is that, you can tweet any Google Maps URL now.
The call bttuon is now grayed out on the Droid Incredible. I rebooted the phone following the upgrade.Here in Connecticut we had an extraordinry snow storm . I don't ever remember seeing this much snow fall at one time. Everything looks beautiful. Schools are closed for a second day...although the roads seemed fine by yesterday afternoon. It's a great day to be holed up with a warm fire, a cup of hot cocoa, and a good book. Alas, I'm off to work. I hope anyone who is stuck at home is able to enjoy the peace and quiet a good snow brings.
photos by j huestis
I don't know who was enjoying the snow more, my son or our dog.... weight? I have been looking for some kind of a support group or something so I can keep in touch with others that are taking this also. The motivation would be so great(:
For those that are taking Qsymia, how are the side effects treating you? And, are you losing?
- Asked
- 17 Nov 2012 by Albarado
- Active
- 4 Jun 2013
- Topics
- side effect, weight, qsymia
Responses (3)
Here is a link to patients who have taken Qsymia and a link to our support group.
Hope it works for you.
I am on low dose and have been taking it for five days and so far, no side effects. No racing heart, no headaches, no dry mouth, no depression or suicidal thoughts. I am definitely seeing a decrease in appetite. I don't crave foods like I normally do. I can push my food away and I don't feel deprived. I haven't weighed myself so not sure if I have lost anything yet.
Today Is my first day on Qsymia, I am excited. I took it with one complete water bottle because i heard that if you dont drink enough water you could develop stones. I just felt for the first 10minutes after I took it a bit more energized. I had taken phetermineon its own before but could not stand it, my heart was racing fast, i was extredmely jittery, anxious, and could not fall asleep. I am hoping that qsymia is not like that :). I wish the best to everyone here on your journey, lets support eachother, we can do it :)
Further Information
- Qsymia Information for Consumers
- Qsymia Information for Healthcare Professionals (includes dosage details)
- Side Effects of Qsymia (detailed)
Has anyone had severe side effects from this medication. I've been on Qsymia for about a month and?
Posted 8 Jul 2014 • 1 answer
Qsymia - Why am I not losing more weight with Qysimia?
Posted 2 Feb 2015 • 2 answers
Qsymia - Starting Qysmia - concerned about side effects?
Posted 13 Mar 2015 • 3 answers
I have officially lost 5 lbs after one week on low dose (3.75mg)!
That is really good that you dont have side effects today is my first day, but I am taking aan anti deprresant and I have heard that qsymia can make even more depressed hopefully i dont get that side effect2006 California Masters Championship
Friday, 14 April 2006 12:10
The wind and weather at the California Masters this year was perfect. The sun was shining. The breeze was 8-10 MPH from the West, with a light chop both days, and very little swell. Even the tide cooperated with a favorable current to take us home from the ocean each afternoon. The fleet was smaller this year than in the past, with only twenty one competitors, but there was good competition and close racing. The courses were nice and long and set square to the wind. On Saturday, Scott Barnard sailed consistently fast and smart, staying mostly to the right hand side of the course, to come in for the day with a lead that would hold up for hte weekend. Doug Hart crossed the line first in the first race, but OCS'ed, so that set him back. I sailed pretty consistently on Saturday, as did Dave Leuck, who always sails very fast on his home track. But Sunday was a new day, and the first race saw the fleet stood on its head. Donat-Pierre Luigi was launched in the first race with Mike Eichwald, Jim Christopher, Alejandro Campillo, and Leif Gihbsson all up front at the top mark. The second race Sunday was all Doug Hart. While he cruised to a horizon-job, second-thru-tenth were shuffled many times on the last weather leg and final run.
The California Masters are also known as Nil's regatta; he and the other sailors from Mission Beach YC make everybody feel at home. The club was jammed on Saturday night, with a wedding party, the laser sailors, some old rock-and-rollers singing in the bar, plus a contignent of power-boaters visiting from San Diego YC on a "cruise-to-nowhere." It was quite a scene, and everybody had fun after the sun went down.
-- David LaPier
180483
Scott Barnard wins overall and 1st Master, Dave Leuck first Apprentice, Kendall Wild first Grand Master, Mike Eichwald first Great Grandmaster. See complete results at
< Prev
Last Updated on Tuesday, 18 April 2006 13:04Front garden is one of the friendliest ways to welcome your guest. When you have a fresh and beautiful garden in front of the house, your guest will have a great first impression about the house. So, they will feel very glad and please when they visit your house. However, to design such a nice and memorable front yard you need efforts and nice plans. When you don’t have plans for your front garden design, you can take these 3 Important Components for Designing a Great Front Garden to create the most amazing front garden.
You can’t have a wonderful front garden design without grass, flowers, and shrubs. Thus, you must find many kinds of beautiful flowers to plant in the front yard. For the best result, you can find many different colors of flowers. When you have enough flowers, don’t forget you also need green colors from grass or trees to make your garden look more perfect and impressive. See also Front Garden Design To For Luxury Landscape Design.
In creating a front garden design, you can plan a path for your garden. As it will give you best walking side to come closer into your door. With a pathway in the garden, your guest will be easy to reach the door and they will not stepping their feet in your grass. When you have a path, your garden also will be neat and well-organized to see. Read also Chinese Dragon Ceramic Garden Stool.
The next solution to have a remarkable front garden is gazebo. When you have a large yard, a gazebo will be a great alternative for your garden. When there is a gazebo in your garden, you can spend your free time in the most excellent and comfortable ways. You can seat with your friends and family in gazebo while enjoy the nature. Great news for you is there are so many unique choices of gazebos that will make your garden more attractive. So, make over your garden with these some ideas if your want to create a miracle for your front garden..
Best Price of Plum Sync Dual SIM in Azerbaijan is Azerbaijani Manat 153 (US$90),
All Prices updated on daily bases from the local market shops/Showrooms or price list provided by the main dealers of Plum in AZE we are trying to deliver possible best Price of Plum Sync Plum Sync Dual SIM from online store or local shops.
If you find any error in rates or specs or have any suggestion to makes better this website please send us a massage by contact us page.Dunlavy vs JM Lab
I'm thinking about taking the plunge and upgrading my speakers. I'm considering the SC V or VI versus maybe the Mezzo Utopia or Utopia. I'll have to buy used if I go the upper echilon. I'll have the opportunity to demo the DALs but not JMLs. Anyone out there with experience comparing the two please shed some insight. ThanksIn Bristol’s coat of arms the controlling feature is the gate; it makes the connection between the city and the world. But “gate” in early English usage meant not only an opening or passing place in a wall, but sometimes also a way. It could be a road or path—a way to distant places; or it could be a manner or method—a way of doing or living. The word “trade” has a similarly complex meaning. At its root it refers to a course trodden by a person, but by extension it becomes a way or manner of life, a course of action, a mode of procedure or method, the practice or habit of doing something. Hence it is synonymous on the one hand with “craft” or “occupation,” and on the other with “commerce” or “the buying and selling of commodities for a profit.” To trade is both to follow a course and to traffic in goods. Bristol’s life in the late medieval and early modern period was founded on trade understood in both these senses. Its citizens looked for their sustenance to the pathways that led beyond its boundaries, and in doing so they developed a distinctive outlook and pattern of action in the pursuit of their ends.
At the outset of our period, the trade of Bristolians depended upon the annual exchange of English woolens for French wines at Bordeaux. This traffic set the pace of life for the entire city, determining its social structure and its relations with its own hinterland and with the institutions of the English state. Two and a half centuries later, Bristol’s trade touched nearly every important international market, and Bristol itself was an entrepôt of the Atlantic economy. From the fifteenth century, then, Bristol was more and more an open city with wider gateways bringing the world economy into closer relation with the local community. There was also a widening gate as its economy and its social and political structure were transformed. More and more of its inhabitants became engaged in the city’s expanding Atlantic commerce, the networks of trade and credit deepened and broadened, and politics and religion converged with this new economic order. Out of this conjunction emerged new habits and action in society that were the beginnings of a modern form of capitalism, focused on credit and commerce.
For many scholars it may seem inappropriate to study the rise of modern capitalism in this fashion. If, as Eric Wolf says, “the world of humankind constitutes…a totality of interconnected processes” and capitalism touches “the four corners of the globe,” no single case could ever be thought complete enough to serve as an illustrative example, and the only way to study the subject would be encyclopedically, “as a whole, a totality, a system.”[24] But this conclusion depends on how the genre of local history is understood. Among English historians in recent years two main approaches have prevailed. The first involves the search for representative examples of general types. Here the historian, anxious to avoid the pitfalls of antiquarianism, focuses on themes typical of all similar places, not on local peculiarities, and his work aims to illuminate our understanding of broad developments in the same fashion as experimental results in the sciences are supposed to exemplify the truth of general laws. The second form of local study emphasizes the particular, even the unique, rather than the typical or universal. In these works the historian is interested in revealing the diversity of life in a society as it was lived away from the centers of action. Such a history tells us stories that “enlighten us about the common run of chaps” as they lived “at their home address[es].”[25] But neither type suits the study of a large-scale historical process like the growth of capitalism, for the former focuses on the part, not the whole, whereas the latter treats only the variegated periphery, not the unifying core.
There is a third kind of local history, one that searches for the paradigmatic rather than the typical or the unique. Paradigms have achieved a certain currency in recent historical studies. Usually the word means a conceptual model or frame of reference, but as employed in the history of science, it can also refer to a transforming experiment, a procedure and result that change the way problems are viewed and become a pattern for further experimentation. It is a term that implies a relationship between an experiment and its context and that treats the two as integral parts of a process of change.[26] Local history can be like this as well: it can concentrate on the ways a particular place and its inhabitants participated in and contributed to the transformation of an established pattern of thought and action.
In the great revolution in historical learning that accompanied the English Renaissance, local history of this kind was among the first subjects to be extensively studied. Edmund Gibson’s 1695 edition of Camden’s Britannia, for example, lists in its bibliography 162 separate items of local scholarship for England alone, and more still for Wales, Scotland, Ireland, and the Channel Islands.[27] Most of these were works in which the author sought to establish the standing of his town or county in the grand history of the kingdom; they were local in their outlook only in that they told the story of a particular place, not in the themes they treated. The purpose of this kind of history was to show the beauties and antiquities of a place and the greatness and virtue of those who peopled it, so that both place and people could become exemplars of the good life and of right action. But this period also witnessed two other momentous developments in the study of society, namely, the rise of “political arithmetic” and of “Whig” history. Both have made genuine contributions to our understanding, the former by showing us that we can measure the dimensions of human life and the latter by showing us that we can see the present emerge from the past. But both accomplished their work by enormous feats of abstraction. To do political arithmetic requires concentration on a limited range of questions and sources and a disregard of those many aspects of society that cannot be quantified.[28] Similarly, to do Whig history demands a neglect of past events, ideas, and social structures that have no demonstrable link to the present.[29] These features have perhaps nowhere been more evident than in the study of early modern capitalism, where various forms of cliometrics, rooted in neoclassical economic theories, often compete with various kinds of teleology in shaping interpretation.
The paradigmatic approach employed in the following chapters pursues a different line in attempting to put both economy and society back into the life of a particular place at a particular time. These chapters treat Bristol as simultaneously typical, in that it helped set a pattern for all who related to it, and unique, in that its history depends on its particular relationship to the world, which changes as its story unfolds. In periods of rapid change, the existence of such places marks the transition from one form of life to another. At those times, when the old rules no longer apply and new ones have not yet come to dominate, the world is made up of a rich array of community types, each combining in its own fashion new ideas and social arrangements with fragments of the old order. Each type, then, can reveal something important about the underlying patterns of change in thought and social interaction.[30]
In many studies of the growth of modern capitalism, however, it has become commonplace to think of the newly emerging world economy as a single structure, in which each region or place has its particular niche either at the core or at the margins.[31] For those who use this model, the perspective is that of an omniscient observer looking down upon the globe from distant space. At that altitude everything appears in an ordered hierarchy, with economic surpluses flowing to the dominating center and new ideas and values flowing to the outlying dependencies. But from such an elevated viewpoint neither the fine details that distinguish place from place nor the everyday comings and goings of individuals will be discernible. The risk is that the structures we see will be rather like the canals of Mars, creations of our eye and brain. These problems disappear if we cease to think of capitalism as a universal structure—a single system or organization—and view it instead as a way of thinking and acting, a form of life. A form of life can exist alongside other forms. It can take shape slowly, emerging in one place and then another until it widens its range sufficiently to link these places together. It can broaden its reach, setting rules for more and more kinds of behavior, and it can deepen in the ways it commits the people living under it to following those rules. Moreover, just as the emergence of a new species of animal will force all other creatures in the environment to adjust their relations to it, the development of a form of life can effect changes in the habits of thought and action of those living according to a different set of rules. The result, however, will be a new pattern of diversity, not a modernized unity produced by the extinction of all but one form.
Capitalism conceived in this way is the joint product of a distinctive point of view and a particular context. It is, then, rather like a language—a set of gestures, signs, and meanings linked together by grammar, syntax, and logic. To comprehend what is said and how its significance has changed over time, however, we need to attend not only to the general rules of usage being followed but, as Hilary Putnam argues, to what the speaker “wants or intends,” which is relative to “the nature of the environment” in which he finds himself.[32] This will be the subject of our history of early modern Bristol, whose Atlantic perspective gives us an excellent vantage point from which to see an urban form of modern capitalism emerge as the fragments of an older social and cultural order combined and recombined with new ideas and social arrangements.Mukesh Ambani has been on somewhat of a spree acquiring new business and expanding the operations of current ones. Reliance Jio (RJIL) is touted to be the next big thing in the Indian telecommunications landscape and its parent company Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) is wasting no time in expanding its operations while gearing up for a highly anticipated launch in the first half of 2015. RIL hit headlines when it announced the acquisition of media behemoth Network 18. As such this marquee acquisition looks like the beginning of a highly ambitious phase for the company.
The past six months or so have seen RJIL enter into new agreements with mobile handset manufacturers and Videocon for telecom towers.The abrupt acquisition of the Independent Media Trust (“IMT”) of which RIL is the sole beneficiary, has completed the acquisition of control of Network 18 Media and Investments Limited (“NW18”) including its subsidiary TV18 Broadcast Limited (“TV18”).Apart from nominees of IMT, Deepak S Parekh and AdilZainulbhai have been inducted, as Independent Directors on the board of NW18 and RaghavBahl will continue to be on the Board of NW18 as a Non-executive Director.
On the other hand, the highly awaited fourth-generation services are expected to see the light of day in the next year. Mukesh Ambani, in the annual general meeting told investors that 2014 was going to be a year of testing and finalizing the rollout plan. 4G is the next big thing with network speeds faster than the existing 3G network by about 12 times. With over Rupees 70,000 invested in this domain, all eyes are on RJIL for a blockbuster launch next year.
The launch is expected to take place in two stages – In the first stage, the services will be introduced in 5000 towns and cities. In the second stage, the network will be expanded in six lakh villages. With intelligent marketing like reaching out to the student community at IIT-Bombay, analysts expect Reliance Jio to hit the ground running from day one.
Apart from these services, the company has also made the news for the many deals it has signed with its peers. The most notable such deal signed by RJIL has been with Sunil Mittal’s Bharti Airtel. Now, Reliance Jio has signed an agreement to share 500 towers of Videocon Telecom in Uttar Pradesh East, Uttar Pradesh West, Bihar and Jharkhand. Along with this, the fact that innovative products like live streaming television on its handsets mean that RJIL is well on its way to carving out a niche for themselves in the highly lucrative and promising Indian telecom sector.
//Car Questions
RepairPal is your advocate for car care advice and guidance
Displaying 1 answers & 0 comments
Popular Answer
Disconnecting a wire won't cause for the light to go off, if that's what you need for a state inspection. Most cars store the trouble code in their engine computer, and if your state inspection checks for trouble codes, you wouldn't be in the clear.
If it is just the solenoid, it may not be that expensive to fix . . .
If it is just the solenoid, it may not be that expensive to fix . . .?NAIROBI, Kenya, April 19 – Teenager Chrispinus Onyango was the hero as struggling KCB sailed to semi-finals of the Kenyan Premier League (KPL) Top 8 after gunning down favoured Ulinzi Stars 2-1 in a thrilling encounter staged at Machakos Kenyatta Stadium on Saturday.
Onyango who was in KCB’s Under-19 squad last year scored the first and set up the second for Paul Kiongera to turn up a man-of-the-match performance as stand-in coach Daniel Olouch enjoyed victory on his debut, the first for the Bankers in ten outings this season.
The budding striker struck first in the 23rd minute before laying the ball to his partner, Kiongera to net the second a minute from time as substitute Allan Abulala halved the deficit in added time for the final score.
KCB stemmed a miserable run that saw them fire their head coach Abdallah Juma on Tuesday as Robert Matano in the Ulinzi dugout saw his grip on the Top 8 trophy he won last year with Tusker slip from his grasp.
“This is a platform we can use for our next matches. We won today because I told the players to believe in themselves and if they do that, we are capable of doing as well as last year when we finished fourth.
“We set out to allow Ulinzi to attack us and hit them at the counter and the strategy worked. Chrispinus did well in our Under-19 team last season and he can work well with Kiongera to give us the goals as they did today,” Oluoch, who expressed his interest on succeeding Abdallah on permanent basis underscored post-match.
“I do not have a proper striker and we need to get players who can finish the chances we created soon. For now, I will work with what I have but we did not play well today. The spirit in the team is good since I came here, that is not a problem,” Matano rued.
Oluoch rested regular keeper Sammy Okinda and preferred to start with Zachary Onyango who was instrumental as the Bankers dominated the first-half in terms of chances on goal as Ulinzi monopolised possession.
KCB threatened after six minutes when Onyango beat defender Geoffrey Kokoyo in the box only for him to blast over before Kiongera missed a one-on-one chance four minutes later after he failed to beat keeper Francis Ochieng with his hurriedly taken shot.
The former on-loan Gor Mahia forward was at it again in the 23rd, taking the advantage of Kokoyo who failed to clear the danger in the 18 yard box but again he pulled his shot wide.
The Banker’s efforts were rewarded two minutes later through Onyango who beat the offside trap to take full advantage of slack defending after referee Davis Omweno waved play on after Kiongera was fouled to slot the ball through Ochieng’s leg with a deft shot.
Ulinzi piled pressure looking for the equaliser with Kevin Amwayi coming close twice through his long-range shots but KCB enjoyed the first-half lead.
KCB were dealt with a huge blow in the 52nd when custodian Onyango got injured while attempting to make a clearance and Caleb Adola to replace him as the pattern from the first half manifested itself in the second with Ulinzi having more of the ball.
Ulinzi custodian Ochieng was booked for a harsh tackle on Kiongera five minutes later for a free-kick at the edge of the box but the latter’s shot was deflected out for a fruitless corner.
After attempting for several occasions, Kiongera finally found the back of the net one minute to full-time but it was thanks to another telling contribution from the teenager.
After the referee waved the advantage, Onyango left Amos Mwamburi trailing in his wake despite his best efforts to halt his run after a poor back pass and from a tight angle, he fed Kiongera who wrapped an instinctive left foot strike to the net for 2-0.
With seven minutes of added time indicated by fourth official, Peter Waweru, the Bankers had not wrapped the job and were made to endure a nervy five minutes when in the next attack, Abulala heading in a Stephen Waruru cross for 2-1.
Kiongera had the chance to wrap up the match when in a counter attack, he evaded three flailing Ulinzi defenders but could not fashion a finish, his hesitancy allowing them to regroup and hack clear but the damage had already been done.
KCB now joins defending champions Tusker FC and AFC Leopards in the two legged semi-final set to run from next weekend.
The tournament continues on Sunday when league champions Gor lock horns with plucky Thika United at the same venue.What's up my p֟ussy eٓater :-S
Woul֞d you mind to findiْng a young and nice girִl? ;-)
My name is Bianka. I am from Ukraine ...
Ha͐ve you ever heard that the l͡oveliest girls in the world li͟ve in my country? Don't even do̯ubt!
my profile is oveٜr there:
I haֻve much more sexy pics for you, my superman!! I'm ready for chat!- Cerritos College›
- Success Center›
- ifalcon›
- iFalcon Study Skills Program
iFalcon Study Skills Program
Note to Faculty
GENERAL PHILOSOPHY
The iFALCON Study Skills Program was created for students of all levels, across all disciplines. While the ideas and exercises presented in the program may appear simple in theory, today's students experience difficulty incorporating them into their busy lifestyles. Many of our students are not even aware of their study habits; they feel as though they are putting forth an effort, without realizing that their current practices prove inefficient if not ineffectual.
As an instructor and/or student mentor, we ask that you encourage your students to continuously practice these essential habits to be successful. Remind them of the importance of fundamentals. People who have experienced success (whether they be pro-athletes, top-notch musicians, or "biggest losers" at their ideal weights) return to the fundamentals time and time again. As the Business Philosopher Jim Rohn stated:
"Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals."
GENERAL LAYOUT
Each of the nine modules we've developed above contains four modalities of presenting the material for that module.
The "Know It" component consists of power point slides in question/answer format to promote thought and/or discussion. This can be performed either in class, in study groups or individually.
The "See It" component plays videos portraying the desirable behavior.
The "Try It" component consists of worksheets for students to practice the study skill.
Along the side of each of the "Know It," "See It," "Try It" pages runs a comic strip modeling the "Do's and Don'ts" of studying.
In the "Resources" tab, power point and word versions of documents are available to be edited to suit the needs of individual instructors and disciplines.
The "Faculty Tips" tab contains a wiki page for faculty to contribute ideas about best practices for incorporating our skills into their class and/or discipline.
FINAL THOUGHTS
The more excited that you can be about promoting these habits of mind, the more willing and open-minded your students will be to try something that may just push them on to a rewarding college experience.
The iFALCON Team
FACULTY TIPS
Please share your ideas and experiences when incorporating the iFALCON Study Skills Program into your course.A Swiss designer has reinterpreted the concept of wine-in-a-bag for the sophisticated, female oenophile in the form of luxurious French goatskin and Swiss workmanship.
Claudia Eicke’s Weekender bag is for the wine-loving female whose retail therapy involves a good bottle of wine as much as a show-stopping pair of heels, or the woman who routinely carries a bottle of vino in addition to her lip gloss, smartphone and day planner.
Made from natural grain goatskin from France, bottles can be tucked securely in the “tunnel” portion at the bottom of the bag which were specificaly designed to be stiff to prevent the wine from budging out of place, Eicke said.
Eicke’s envoyage collection, featuring high-end leather goods, launched last year in Zurich. Her products are also available online and she ships around the world.I just sent your package this morning (Monday). There's a message on proboards with your package tracking number. (yes, I know: redundant, lol. It's just that I noticed you hadn't read the message so I thought I should try here, as you seem to frequent terraforums more often)
You have a message in pitcher-plant proboards
I left you a little something to see in the chat box to look at when you get a chance.
Why thank you, sir.
Really like that falconeri shot!
Thanks! You should really make more backgrounds, I love the UG one, using one of them currently. :P
merry chrsurdwjmd
Merry Christantjed
merru
Merry Christmas!
Ditto, Smitty. Hilarious.
Your Avatar gets better and better every time I look at it!
LOLZ my favorite is thermodynamics/statmech books where the one question that if you get it answered as an example will enable you to understand the whole chapter and do all the homework... they get it almost done then write 'the rest of this problem is left as an exercise to the reader'. I need to go through all the books with one of those troll-face stamps
clippity-clip-clip
What is and what should never be
Tastes like chicken!OktaView All Tags.San Francisco 08 December 2017 11:42
US Tech Firm Sets Foot in Canada
Okta’s new office will benefit from Toronto’s diverse talent pool, which will help grow the company’s engineering team to better serve its Canadian customer base.International 03 July 2017 14:08
You May Also Like
CIP Arranges Sale of Oregon Hotel
The company worked on behalf of the seller and the buyer to close the transaction of the 36-key Rodeway Inn and Suites in Pendleton, Ore.12 September 2017 14:27
Economy Watch: Retail Sales Inch Up in October
Following a strong month of sales in September, the retail sector got saw another 0.2 percent increase in sales in October, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.15 November 2017 14:39
PREIT Brings New Tenants to MD Mall
PREIT has brought new tenants Tilt Studio and Onelife to the Valley Mall in Hagerstown, Md., diversifying the amenities of the retail center.05 January 2018 23:36Do some data entry
Bütçe $750-1500 USD
I have some work, in an Excel spreadsheet.
7 freelancers are bidding on average $962 for this job
9+ years of experience in this field makes me to offer my services to you on this project. Relevant Skills and Experience Excel Proposed Milestones $750 USD - Excel work Stay tuned, I'm is still working on this pro Daha fazlası
data generation, quality work, short time Relevant Skills and Experience data generation, quality work, short time Proposed Milestones $1333 USD - data generation, quality work, short time
I am excellent in excel, I will complete your project well, and quickly.The story began with four strangers boarding a luxury lightning-rail car at the city of Flamekeep, running express to Sharn. From the Elven nation of Valinar- Tyen d’Phiarlan, a seasoned scout and covert operative who saw his share of action and bloodshed in the Last War, was on an assignment for a client of his dragonmarked house. Fae, the gifted sorceress and favored scion of the dragonmarked house Lyrander, had just left her studies at the Arcane University to meet with her brother after he sent her a vague message warning that they both were in danger. Plot, a mysterious shape-shifting mystic, was following an intuitive agenda all her own, while disguised as Amber, the female halfling . And the pious Half-Orc inquistor, Malevant was on a clandestine mission to root out an insidious corruption suspected to be hiding in a parish chapel of Dol Arrah in the city of Stormreach, using a mysterious green amulet given to him by the Father Superior of his order.
These four travelers met and became acquainted while foiling a carefully planned bandit attack on the train, that seems to have been supported by a house Lyrander airship. After defeating the bandits, they assisted in an investigation into the murder of a wealthy dowager, who had been killed in the middle of a crowded parlor in the luxury car. Though they were unable to get to the heart of the mystery, they got to know a good number of interesting people in their investigation, including Aejar Ir’Wynarn, the one-armed prince of Breland. That evening, based on a seemingly divine intuition, Malevant passed the green amulet on to Plot, along with a note, both were to be delivered to the temple of Dol Arrah in Sharn. Then Malevant disappeard into another room, not to be seen among the passengers again.
Half-way through the voyage, calamity struck when the train was ripped apart in some sort of a collision. The remaining three members of the party and the rest of the survivors weren’t able to crawl out of the wreckage before they found themselves under attack from ferocious goblin slavers who seemed to have at least one collaborator on the train. After a pitched battle the party was forced to surrender to the hoard of slavers, and along with the other survivors, they were shackled and marched off to some sort of prison camp on the other side of the Darguun border.Hello! I've searched through the forum before posting this, but wasn't able to find anything in the way of what I'm looking for and am thus starting a new topic. If there is a post here that responds to my question a link sending me there would be appreciated. Otherwise, I'm here to seek advice and recommendations from those who are more experienced in gaming PCs.
I'm fairly new to gaming (less than a year) and have recently started looking online for a new gaming PC. I've been looking mainly at desktops (preferred), but am open to the possibility of a laptop as well. Currently I play only World of Warcraft which I know doesn't require much, but being that I am playing on my main PC at home which heats up from overplay and lags in Legion (can't do dungeons or raids with extreme lagging) I'm looking for something that I can use solely for playing games.
As everyone knows, shopping for a new computer can be overwhelming and confusing. I am not looking to build anything myself. I have been looking at the following computers and would like to know if anyone uses these, has had problems with them, would or would not recommend them etc. If there are different/better recommendations I'd like to hear those as well. I provided answers to some of the questions in the new purchase template below.
Specs I have decided on: Intel i7 processor, Nividia GeForce GTX 1080 gcard (6 or 8 gb), 16-32 gb of memory (are there other recommendations or something I overlooked?)
1) Asus ROG STRIX GD30CI: ()
2) Asus G11CD-DS71 ()
3) Alienware Aurora:
I'd also like feedback on the Cerebrus keyboard.
As I do with any purchase I read online reviews from other users. The reviews for the ROG Strix are not all positive. Reviews for Alienware are mostly negative/scary. Soooooo......I'd like to hear from others who may have these computers and how they run or if they've had problems with computers not working when received, breaking down after 3-4 months of use, computer crashes when browsing online, and/or computer turns itself on and off on it's down during operation. Please feel free to share what computer YOU use if you find it to be a reliable machine.
The new computer purchase template is:
My budget for the new computer is: no more than $2000
What are the primary uses for this computer (IE: mail, web browsing, programming, games, etc)? Primary: Gaming. Would like to be able to browse on Internet.
What software do you intend on using on the computer? None other than what comes with the computer.
Do you play games? If so, what type of games? Right now just World of Warcraft.
Do you tend to have a lot of programs running at the same time, or do you close every program when you are done using it? No.
Do you store a lot of pictures or music on the computer? No.
Will you be overclocking? Should I be concerned about this?
Location for online shopping/shipment/prices? I'm located in the USA
How many monitors are you planning to use? 1 (the one I currently use)
Thanks!Josh is a Brit who grew up in both the UK and France. He graduated in Marketing Management from the University of Manchester and began working in hospitality. After stumbling across real life escape games he moved to the US to found a company called Escapology, that he recently sold. After a successful exit from his first business, he founded a new escape game company in Singapore called Escape Break and has become involved in the coworking scene in Bangkok.
The Work Loft is a nicely designed premium work space located in the middle of Bangkok in the Silom area, right next to the BTS and MRT stations, focused on enhancing productivity, supporting career advancement and cultivating collaboration. They offer private offices, dedicated desks, co-workspace, meeting rooms, event space and more.
What are the best things about coworking compared to a traditional office space? : The best things about working at the Work Loft co-workspace are that you're able to meet new people all the time, you can work 24/7 all year long, you can relax in the breakout spaces, you can grab drinks from the cafe and bar, and the place looks cool! At the same time, there's no long term contract or high investment needed.
Do you host events for your community?: Yes! The Work Loft does frequent in-house events for Members and friends, as well as third-party private and non-private events. These include things like Coffee Tuesdays, Thai Language Learning, cocktail workshops, legal advice seminars, photography workshops, networking events, parties and more.
What is your favorite coworking space you have been to in a different city? : That's a hard question! There's a lot of great ones around. I would have to mention Central Working in London and also the exotic Hubbud in Bali. They're very different to each other although both great in their own way relative to their surroundings.
What is working best for your marketing right now?: That's also a tough question. We find that a broad mix is the best overall strategy. Our main areas that we focus on at the moment are social media, word of mouth (through excellent service), and some SEO work behind the scenes.
What is your biggest differentiator compared to other coworking spaces?: We provide great quality in a great location, right next to two of the major Bangkok roads (Silom and Rama IV Roads) and subway systems (the MRT Silom and BTS Sala Daeng). No one else at the same quality level as us has as prime a location in Bangkok right now.
What is the toughest decision you've had to make in the last few months?: I sold out of a company in the US with some business partners, and there was a big decision to make. Either open up our new venture in the UK or in Thailand. We opted for Bangkok as we had some great local connections and it seemed like more of an adventure!
If it was possible, what advice would you give yourself 10 years ago?: Get out of bed!
Favorite place to travel to?: The French Alps in the winter. Great food and drink, great scenery, and great fun.
What are some of the best things about your coworking community?: The Members, the events, the atmosphere, the cafe and bar, and the location!
What book are you most likely to give as a gift?: A 20 Pound W.H. Smith book voucher (I'm clearly from the UK).
What is your favorite app or online tool?: LINE and Messenger.
What was the best event that you recently attended?: We went to the German-Thai Chamber of Commerce Young Professionals events. We met some cool folks, we love the organizers, and even won some prizes from a local taxi app company!
What advice do you have for new business owners?: Trust your gut instinct.
Twitter: @theworkloftbkk.Too Many Curses
by A. Lee Martinez
This book was a surprise for me. I’ve read three or four by Martinez before, and he writes a pretty good wacky/funny fantasy. I expected this one to be the same.
And there are some elements of wacky/funny fantasy in here: it is the story of an evil wizard, one who spends his long life seeking more power for himself, which he then uses mainly to unleash his cruel vengeance on anyone who irritates him. His victims then live in his castle, transformed into mice, into decapitated animated skeletons, into nothing but an echo.Some of the curses are loony and silly and fun, and so are some of the characters living with those curses — a hero turned into a fruit bat, the wizard’s mother transformed into a clinging ivy plant while his brother occupies a small jar, reduced to nothing but a few body parts floating in goo, a banshee that can only materialize to give dire warnings, so she stretches the meaning of the word “dire” in order to materialize as often as possible, whereupon she moans hideously, “Yooooouuu’ll stub your TOOOOOOEEEEEE!” And so on.
But the main character is the very opposite of wacky. She is serious, and she is a genuinely good protagonist — both for the story, and as a person. Nessy the Kobold takes care of the evil wizard’s castle; that is her task, and she does it well. When things go wrong with the wizard, it is up to her to take care of things, simply because there is nobody else who can. Fortunately, Nessy is good at taking care of things, and she does the best she can with her limited abilities.
It’s a good story. There are some nice twists. I was a little disappointed with the revelation of what’s behind The Door That Must Not Be Opened, but the secret of the castle itself, and of Tiama the Scarred, and the final fate of the wizards in the story, was most satisfying. I loved Sir Thedeus (He’s the fruit bat), and the monster under Nessy’s bed who just wants her to read him stories every night. And I really did love Nessy, both as a character and as a protagonist; I agree with the message she presents to the reader, which is basically the same message from Tolkien’s Lord of the Rings: heroes may be small, but it is the small, good things that we do which make all the difference in the world.
Good book. Recommended.Does this harness make my butt look too … small?August 31, 2016 • 68 Comments • Posted in blindness, guide dogs, Seeing Eye dogs, Uncategorized
I had just tied Whitney’s latest deposit into a pick-up bag and was leaning down to re-buckle her harness when a stranger approached. “Excuse me,” She said. Her question must have been pressing. She couldn’t wait for me to stand up before asking. ”I’m not sure you notice, you know, not being able to see […]Christopher Anderson: Son
Stepping away from conflict zones, Christopher Anderson presents a change of pace in his deeply personal book ‘Son’
Following the birth of his son, Christopher Anderson – who had earned international acclaim for his documenting of conflict zones – stepped away from war photography as his photographs turned towards an intimate reflection of family life, resulting in his book Son.Get DISH® 2-Year Price
Featured Offer - Best Value 2-Year
Price Lock Starting at $49.99/mo
Order Cox Today & Save!
Savings-Packages Start at $99.99/mo
Save Today with Cox Bundle Offers!
- Hours
- Do you know the hours for this business?
- Services/Products
- Dog Sweaters, Dog Coats, Natural Remedies for Dogs
- Neighborhoods
- Clairemont Mesa East, Northern San Diego
COUPONS & DEALS
No coupons available
Gallery
Be the first to add a photo!“We stare at the stars, we peer through microscopes, we climb mountains, and we dive to the ocean floor,” Venkatesh Rao writes on his personal blog. “This behavior, so natural to humans, is incomprehensible to human organizations.”
Rao, the aerospace engineer-turned-startup-guy-turned-researcher, argues that the disconnect stems from a personality mismatch. Corporations and humans feel different about pleasure, pain, and the unknown.
To humans, the volatility of the unknown does avail us to pain, but also the awe of the unknown–you might call that the feeling of curiosity. Alternatively, the unknown is all-danger to corporations, its volatility something to be predicted and tested for and reacted against. Businesses don’t feel the joy of discovery; people do.
So they each treat curiosity differently. Rao notes an “interesting symmetry”:
Organizations naturally try to avoid pain–the pain of business model obsolescence or national decline, for instance–through institutionalized “curiosity.” They find joy-seeking unnatural and in need of justification (hence the paradoxical notions of “efficient” innovation with high “yield” or “impact” and the relentless war on waste).
This has even been turned into a depressingly banal formula for innovation: What pain are you seeking to relieve?
While corporations are like people in that they tend to avoid losses and conserve energy, they have no use (or capacity) for curiosity. Which makes it pretty hard to provide incentives for curious, and yes, innovative, work.
So what would a curious company look like?
While Rao says he’ll leave mocking up a model of the “Curious Corporation” for when the mood or the cash strikes him, we can still think about what such a living thing might look like.
Since curiosity is so much about having a healthy relationship with volatility, the Curious Corporation would have to create a nonvolatile space so that employees could do volatile work. There’d be a system to capture the insights that pop out of the unknown. And there would be trust in that by creating value for workers, and for customers, profits would result.
In this way, the volatility (and joy) of curiosity (and the curious) could be a more central part of a business, rather than secreted away.
The Dead-Curious Cat and the Joyless Immortal
Drake Baer covers leadership for Fast Company. You can follow him on Twitter.
[Image: Flickr user Sindre Sorhus]Posted by wsmm on January 12, 2013 at 08:57:52 from (70.194.2.175):
My parts washer has a M16 - 1.50 plug in it for draining. I'd like to put in a drain valve or some type of assembly or fitting that would allow me to drain it without removing just the bolt type plug and having it all run out at once with no control. Also don't need to get the solvent bath that happens when you first remove the plug. Any idea of what to use or where to purchase it at.In the Name of Allah
The situation she was now in was very similar to the one involving Fitzpatrick. Agent 47-D had been born from it and her life had started changing for the best, until it reached the peak of true and most welcome satisfaction. Thanks to her special abilities, she was given a brand-new house, two vehicles of her choice and an income that was more than enough for her needs at the time. Being a natural spender, she obviously found new ones, new desires in which to burn her salary to the crisp.
After finishing college, she and her best friend Delia Roberts opened up a clinic for the mentally disturbed. It turned out to be a successful enterprise, but she never actually worked there. Her special assignments caused her to travel much throughout the world and time simply became insufficient to allow her to do a good job on that area. Delia got the fame and glory of the project. She gave in the money whenever needed.
The loving memories of that marvellous day and subsequent achievements walked silently with her until she reached the muslin’s private quarters and the short-haired guard at the door granted her access in.
The servant of Islam gave her a cold look, as she invaded his space. Solitude and isolation didn’t bother him at all, but the same could not be said about her presence, especially given the fact that she was going against some of the most sacred principles written in The Koran by showing herself in such libidinous outfits. If it were Mohammed being locked there, he would certainly abhor such manifestation of western decadence. That belief was reason enough for him to raise his eyebrows to the camera, make an obscene gesture with his finger and practically scream in a noisy desert dialect. It seems he was demanding respect for his religious principles, but no one in the Surveillance Room heard him: the camera had no audio signal—only the images were patched through.
When he was finished with his complaints, Alexandra knocked on the door to call the guard and asked for a chair, as she really didn’t feel like standing. The fatigue of the aerobics exercises was beginning to make her legs grow numb, threatening her delicate balance. The chair was there in less than a minute. She sat and observed the prisoner, placing one hand over her thighs and the other playing cheerfully with the trinket, making it spin soundlessly, giving it a whirl to attract some concealed source of light or simply caressing it with her ivory-black painted fingernails.
The man who was considered to be The United States’ Public Enemy Number 1 was curled up on the floor, dressed in fluttering white garments with fine golden embroideries on the sleeves. His greyish hair was loose and in complete disarray. Next to him stood a metal plate with some greasy food (she was pretty sure it was pork, yet another provocation!) and a bowl filled with tap water. None of the referred sustenance had been touched, and truth be told, none of them smelled nicely either.
“I bet these details won’t be filed on any report…” she thought. Her face became rigid and she spoke to him for the first time, making use of undisguised irony and a low tone of voice.
“Good afternoon. I hope you’re enjoying our stay here with us. My name is Alexandra Ryder and although I know the basics of your language, I won’t use it for I also know you understand mine quite well. I must say I never thought I would be face to face with you in a cell, but I’m fairly glad this happened. That way, I get to have my share of delight…
I can guess what you’re thinking as I make this opening speech of mine: you’re most certainly wondering who I am and why I was sent here to see you. I’m not really allowed to divulge such information to you, nor can I tell you the exact location of this base of ours as I am sure you understand, but I can tell you that we have something in common: that’s right, we both believe in a higher power that gives meaning and purpose to the world. I think I can say we’re both religious persons, even though my own set of beliefs is somewhat different from yours. If one is better than the other or not, that’s not something I think about much, for it’s such a futile and trifling question in the end, isn’t it? I don’t know if you agree with me on this, but you also probably believe that there are certain things in which we shouldn’t think at all… it’s so tiresome to be thinking all the time… you don’t really get to enjoy life at all with that attitude… that’s why I often pause my flow of thoughts from time to time so that I can really cease the moment and understand with my heart, not with my brain. I know it’s not an easy thing to do… to just relax and let go in a simple and smooth way… Somehow, thinking always shows up in-between, disrupting the peace and quiet my self truly desires… in order to prevent that from happening, I usually grab something in my hand and I make it move around my fingers as if my soul is sliding along with it, drifting into a mellow horizon that lies far, far away…
Since your hands are empty at the moment and you’re obviously feeling a little tense for being trapped in such a small space, perhaps you would like for that stress to go away by looking at how I give life to this crescent, a symbol which I understand you cherish very much… it represents power, doesn’t it?… power, strength, control… oh, my… I can really see why now that it’s moving in small circles and each movement is deeply locked with the movement after and the movement before, creating a rhythmic chain that seems to engulf my eyes, drawing my attention in the same way it is drawing yours… making me want to keep looking at it and follow its sequential path without feeling the need to think why this is happening, in fact, giving away all the burden of wide-awakeness and simply melt in it… melt by looking at its moving reflections, melt by realizing that everything is so much more obvious in its colour and winding shape and that if it feels good to slowly be relinquishing all your energies in observing it, then it’s almost certain that the same thing should happen by guiding some of that attention into the person that makes it move.
The relaxation you’re feeling taking control of your mind right is also a product of my gestures, it lives in my voice. If this crescent fascinates you, which I know it does, and I’m the one responsible for it, I truly believe that your drooping, melting soul is equally ensnared by me and that giving into it, is the same thing as giving yourself to me.
Being the symbol of Islam, this crescent represents the power of the Almighty Allah, the god you serve with every action you take, the god you invoke when calling out for the Jihad, the one that apparently rejoices when a suicide bomber blows up himself and takes the lives of many innocent people along the way… when you look into it, you’re looking into the manifestation of the god itself, and I’m the one pulling the god’s string… yes… if you love Allah, you love me… Drawn as deeply as you are right now, your non-thinking brain is wishing only to submit to the crescent, to acknowledge its power… you’re renewing your faith with each passing second, making Allah very pleased, making me very pleased… The pleasure from that renewal is vivid, intense, and completely addictive. You know this is true… you’re addicted to it… addicted to my voice… she’s inside your head now… you’re engulfed by it… deliciously overwhelmed…
Now, as the crescent moves and spins, your eyes are slowly sinking into the ecstasy of sleep… yes… you want to sleep for Allah… sleep for me… you want to sleep and you will do so… right now!”
Just as she expected, his magnetized eyes sank. Her fun was about to begin.
“Wonderful! Your mind has fallen into the crescent, and the one that holds it now controls your world. You’re going to do exactly what I tell you from now on, just like a beguiled drone. My hypnotic spell has brought slumber into your brain and servility into your life. Now, I want you to open your eyes while remaining in this magnificent state of altered consciousness… very good… keep looking into the moving necklace, listen closely and obey my instructions…
When I leave this room, some people will come in and take my place. They will ask you all sorts of questions about the terrorist activities of your organization and all the subsidiary groups that kill in your behalf as well. In the name of Allah, you’ll want to answer their questions with truthful and crystal-clear answers, but at the same time, your mind will fight that desire that way creating a very interesting conflict scenario in your mind. I’ll tell you why I want this to happen since your hypnotized little brain of yours won’t tell anyone else: I don’t like people who rush me, people that decide to alter my routines. I had some very interesting plans for the rest of the afternoon, but because of you and that collared rat named Simms, I was disturbed, my day was ruined. You’re going to ruin his as well, by putting up as much as struggle as possible, do you understand? Test the limits of your consciousness by fighting against the words as they try to come out. In the end, the need to obey my first command will conquer the resistance imposed by the second and you will tell them everything they want to know, but until then, you and Simms will sweat a bit. Do you understand everything I just told you?”
“Yes.”
“Good. You will comply, won’t you?”
“In the name of Allah, I’ll comply!”
“Splendid. That means my job is done. I can finally go home and rub some soothing oil on these legs of mine. They’re simply killing me, you know? Thank you so much for being a good listener and an even better hypno-slave. You’ll become conscious of your surroundings once again when I walk out the door, but before that there’s just one more thing I want you to do for me. It’s something you probably never dreamed of doing, yet it will make you feel like you’re on cloud nine… are you prepared, unworthy human ball of slime?”
“I am.”
“Okay… This is what I want you to do. First, get down on your knees. Second, unzip my skirt and third… kiss my ass!”
She turned around as the muslin knelt, sought the zipper feverishly and then slowly calmed down the moment he placed his lips on that piece of heavenly anatomy. “In the name of the Allah that really felt good!” thought the dazzling Agent who had just added another great triumph to her personal records. The skirt went up again and the crescent disappeared into the pocket from which it had emerged, leaving him with the remembrance of the day when a woman’s wit had been far more superior to any law made by men or any religious precept carved by gods.
* * *
Simms’ face was very much similar to a volcanic crater about to erupt when she walked back into the Surveillance Room.
“What the hell was that?” he blurted. “Have you completely lost or your mind, Miss Ryder?”
“No, I haven’t. I was just having a little fun. I could have done a lot worse, but then you would have to look away from the camera…” she teased.
“Having him kiss your ass was not part of the assignment!”
“The assignment pretty much sucked, if you want to know what I think. He happened to enjoy doing it! Tell me one thing straight, once and for all. Don’t you think he ought to be severely punished for the things he did?”
The emissions of sweat seemed to soften a bit, but his anger was still there for everyone to see.
“He will be… in due time. The President…”
“Fuck the President, Mr. Simms!” She stormed out. “Remember the number of people that died in recent years because of him! The President isn’t honoring the victims by keeping him away from justice like this! Is the re-election all that matters? If it’s the case, he sure isn’t my President at all!”
“General, your Agent is way out of line! Could you please calm her down?”
“You’re on your own, Simms! After all, you’re the one that started a fuss over such a trifling matter. No one will know what transpired in that room but us and I’m not going to waste my time thinking about it much. So he kissed her ass! Big deal… I agree with what she said about a severe punishment for a man of his kind. He should be hanging by a rope at this very moment or having his brain fried in an electric chair!”
“I second that motion…” intervened Gibbons. A pack of cigarettes was already gone. “Besides, Simms, Alexandra has special privileges inside the Division. Having a little fun, as she so nicely put it, is one of them.”
“I can’t believe what I’m hearing! His face was now red and his eyes boiling, cooking on the inside. “I thought I was in a serious Government Agency and not on some deranged underground mental institution!”
“Careful, Simms…” warned Hayes, whose experience enabled him to know when to play rough as well. “Now you’re the one who’s getting way out of line. Let Agent 47-D tell us the result of her session and after she’s gone, we’ll talk about it some more.”
“That’s practically insubordination of you, General Hayes! Remember who the President chose to run this place! Anyway, I don’t want to be here more than absolutely necessary. Miss Ryder, is he ready to speak?”
“He will be in a couple of hours, maybe a day. Since I couldn’t screw up his mind much, my suggestions will take a while to be fully assimilated. In the meantime, I would send someone right away to start the questioning and put him under pressure. If you linger too long, the power of my instructions may begin to wear off…”
“I see… I’ll take care of it right away. If you three will excuse me…”
Simms went out, thinking Alexandra had too much power in the Division. She was obviously deceiving and dangerous, but everyone liked her and practically worshipped her… how many men working on that facility had already kissed her ass? Wouldn’t it be interesting to know? And what would the President think about it, that is if he hadn’t met Agent 47-D before?
“You were better off in ignorance of this place, and most certainly in ignorance of her!” his consciousness screamed. It always did that when it was already too late to change his destiny, and more than relief, that voice gave him headaches. He pushed it away, looking for his bureaucratic composure. It kept him alive. Taking a deep breath, he forced himself to forget that scene of control and the unwanted feeling of fetish arousal that whirled in his brain, producing a lot of equally undesired swelling effects throughout his body.
Previous Chapter – Next Chapter
Back to the Stories IndexTop eight Factors That Have an effect on the Car Insurance Prices
In this article are a number of factors that quite a few insurance corporations glimpse at –
1. Age and gender are very vital as they figure out how susceptible your automobile is for mishaps. Folks amongst eighteen-twenty five several years of age and guys in standard are observed to be the types, who are susceptible to rash and negligent driving. So, they appeal to larger premiums in flip.
2. If you drive in the rural spots, then your car insurance price could be considerably less, as the chance of mishaps in rural spots is lesser than that in the urban spots.
3. Motor vehicle insurance corporations could glimpse keenly into your credit rating record and a neat file would assurance reduced insurance costs, supporting you to appeal to superior discount rates from them.
four. If the overall utilization of the car in conditions of mileage is reduced, the price you pay for the insurance enterprise can also be reduced, as larger journey rates enhance the chance of mishaps.
5. A cleanse driving file also makes sure extravagant discount rates from the insurance suppliers.
6.The form of the career that you do also establishes the rates. a reduced car insurance price can be envisioned by a man or woman who does desk career for extra time than a marketing and advertising person who has to journey a whole lot.
7. SUVs pose extra risk than the typical autos, simply because SUVs becoming larger autos can be pushed extra rashly, earning them extra vulnerable to mishaps.
8. The location the place you park you car is also an additional aspect, simply because if it is a safer location, the car insurance rates can be envisioned to be reduce, and vice-versa.
There are various other factors that have to have to be labored out ahead of you determine upon the right insurance policy, simply because a superior blend of acceptable factors will figure out the greatest car insurance costs.In Harmony: Singer/Songwriter Julia Goodwin ’20 and Setnor’s New Jazz, Commercial Music Study Track
Aspiring singer/songwriter Julia Goodwin is preparing for a busy week.
Tomorrow night she will perform in New York City at Feinstein’s 54 Below with Nick Ziobro, who, like Goodwin, is a past winner of the Michael Feinstein Great American Songbook Vocal Competition for high school students.
On Monday, she will begin her first year as a music industry major in the College of Visual and Performing Arts’ Rose, Jules R. and Stanford S. Setnor School of Music.
Goodwin, who is from Central New York, has already built an impressive resume that includes performing at Carnegie Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center, the Kennedy Center, Birdland and the Wynn in Las Vegas; competing on NBC’s “America’s Got Talent,” where she reached the quarterfinals and performed at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles and Radio City Music Hall; and releasing the album “Feeling Good,” which features Goodwin performing “unplugged” versions of some of her favorite Great American Songbook standards.
She is also one of the first students to take advantage of Setnor’s new jazz and commercial music applied study track, which allows students enrolled in the bachelor of arts (B.A.) music, bachelor of music (B.M.) music education, B.M. music industry or B.M. sound recording technology degree programs to fulfill their performance requirements with a course of study that focuses on jazz and commercial music rather than classical music.
“I wanted to go to a school that would allow me to pursue my music career while attending college,” explains Goodwin. “I ultimately decided to study at the Setnor School of Music because of the outstanding faculty and strong, supportive alumni network. I’m really drawn to the new jazz and commercial music applied study track. I hope that it will provide me with real-world experiences as a performer and future entrepreneur so that I can become a successful, contemporary musician.”
Setnor offers jazz and commercial music studios for trumpet, trombone, saxophone, guitar, piano/keyboards, bass/electric bass, drum set/mallets and voice. Prospective students who wish to attend Setnor and choose the jazz and commercial music track must meet certain audition requirements when applying, as do students who wish to pursue classical music study in Setnor’s B.A. and B.M. programs.
John Coggiola, dual associate professor of music education in the Setnor School of Music and the School of Education and director of jazz studies in Setnor, is excited to launch the new track and offer the opportunity to students like Goodwin.
“This track allows students to develop the highest level of performance technique needed for the diverse musical styles found in today’s jazz and commercial music performance opportunities while at the same time increasing their marketability as 21st-century musicians,” says Coggiola. “Julia is a wonderful example of a young musician preparing to embrace multiple elements of her career by completing her degree program in Setnor.”
Goodwin is ready to start the new year combining coursework in music industry with the numerous performance opportunities the Setnor School affords.
“During my studies at Setnor, I hope to learn about the business side of the music industry and to further my skills as singer/songwriter,” says Goodwin. “I’m also looking forward to collaborating with other students in the classroom, recording studio and on stage.”
To learn more about Goodwin, visit. For tickets and more information about her August 24 performance at Feinstein’s 54 Below in New York City, visit 54below.com. Use code NICKJU5 for $5 off the Main Dining Room cover charge.
For more information about the jazz and commercial music applied study track, contact Coggiola at jccoggio@syr.edu.Movie Review – The Legend Of Tarzan
My Take: You never hear about Belgium in movies. I visited there once. Brussels, to be exact. Their claim to fame is […]
My Take: You never hear about Belgium in movies. I visited there once. Brussels, to be exact. Their claim to fame is […]
My Take: If you are a firefighter, the spouse of a firefighter or are just interested in the profession – I would […]
This was my second watching of the movie. My Thoughts: I heart Amy Adams. Wait, that is her name isn’t it? Yeah, […]
I read an article this morning that unnerved me. In this day and age, who bans book? I guess parents in Nome […]
My Take: Disney! Where anyone can be any thing. Even a bunny cop. I feel ya bunny! I wanted to write books […]
Thinking about running in upcoming 5k races. My goal by summer is to have a pace of 11:30 min/mile. That would be […]
My 2017 writing routine is a bit different than ever before. Part of this is because of my self-challenge (48in48) which consumes […]
So yesterday I chronicled the part of my old journal that was probably some of the darkest times of my life. I […]
I went through a heavy depression while married to One. Circumstances fed it like a rabid dog. It was a horribly dark […]
There are certain people in this country who like to belittle “Hollywood” as the social elite. I was thinking about that as […]Don’t let indigestion spoil your seasonal celebrat…
04 December 2017
Christmas may well be the season to be jolly - but it is the time when stress, over indulgence and a lack of exercise ca…
Consultant Orthopaedic Foot and Ankle Surgeon
MBChB, FRCS (Orth)
Some of the principal treatments carried out by Mr Justin Forder at Spire include:
Orthopaedic surgery: Foot Surgery, Arthroscopy, Ankle surgery. Ankle Reconstruction Achilles
My practice consists of general lower limb orthopaedic surgery with a special interest in foot and ankle surgery having undertaken a fellowship at Guy's Hospital. I also maintain an active interest in general orthopaedic trauma surgery. My primary medical qualification is from the University of Cape Town and I have completed all my orthopaedic training in the UK, on the South East Thames rotation. I have been a consultant at the Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells NHS Trust since August 2010
Availability: Mondays
British Orthopaedic Association
Fellow Of Royal College Of Surgeons
Consultant Orthopaedic Surgeon Tunbridge Wells HospitalBack to top
I am married with 4 children and am a keen amateur cyclistBack …Group of concerned citizens reading outside of Brad Wall’s Swift Current MLA office for the DEAR Sask rally on April 7, 2017. Approximately 7,000 participated province-wide. Photo credits to Jill Erickson-Siever.
This Facebook post sums up the AGM (Annual General Meeting) of the Chinook Regional Library today:
“If they do nothing and/or have no rate increases from RMs and towns they will cease all operations by June 30. [This includes the Swift Current branch.]
Even with changes and rate increase they state they may need to close all libraries but 9 plus Swift Current. This is disastrous. They also stressed that the potential is there that Saskatchewan could lose all of its libraries entirely.”
Brad Wall and Don Morgan need to work towards restoring the budget AND RMs need to do what they can, in order to save the library system that is so admired by other provinces. To go from a thriving to a barely surviving community treasure is heartbreaking, and I cannot believe how little public outcry is happening despite the DEAR Sask rally being all over SK and Canadian media.
You have several choices on how you can help:
- Sign a petition. Your local library may have one. If not, print one out, sign it (and get your friends to as well) and mail it or hand-deliver to Merrilee Rasmussen. If 15% of Saskatchewan voters sign, a referendum and basically an election will be held to restore funding to libraries. Make sure you are a registered voter before signing.
- Contact your MLA, voice your concerns, and ask them to reconsider the budget. In Swift Current the person to contact is Brad Wall at premier@gov.sk.ca or bradwallmla@sasktel.net. All MLA contact information throughout the province can be found by looking through these PDFs. One written and mailed letter counts as 100 public voices, 1 e-mail counts as 10 voices, and 1 phone-call counts as 5 voices.
- Join the rally that will be held Saturday April 29, 2017 in front of Brad Wall’s SC office. I will be helping to plan it, acting as a concerned citizen who wants to keep public library doors open. If you have any questions, or are passionate about helping, do not hesitate to comment below.
- Share this blog post and any news on libraries. Tweet it, Facebook it, like it and comment on WordPress. Get your friends involved. We can do this!
Facebook groups to join to stay informed:
Save Saskatchewan Libraries
If you do nothing, especially after now being informed, you are helping to CLOSE libraries down.Telluride Patient Safety Summer Camps & The Doctors Company Foundation Add “Telluride West” for 2015Posted: May 23, 2014 Filed under: Leadership, Medical Education, Patient Safety | Tags: Graduate Medical Education, Medical Education, Nursing, Telluride Patient Safety Summer Camps, The Doctors Company Foundation Leave a comment
David Kern, in his book entitled Curriculum Development for Medical Education: A Six-Step Approach, said, “The ultimate purpose of a curriculum in medical education is to address problems that affect the health of the public.” I think we can all agree patient safety is a public health problem, however, medical and nursing schools have been slow to change in the face of this crisis, and instead, remain mired in a very traditional 1980’s curricular model. I can’t help but think of Einstein’s mantra…“insanity is doing the same thing over and over, yet expecting a different result”.
Fortunately, others are trying to help…
The Doctors Company Foundation (TDCF), created in 2008 by The Doctors Company–the nation’s largest insurer of medical professional liability for physicians, surgeons, and other health professionals–is one group at the forefront of medical education change, supporting many medical education programs and projects. From their website:
The purpose of the Foundation is to support patient safety education for health care professionals in training and in practice, patient safety research with clinically useful applications, and medical professional liability research.
TDCF has also been a long-time supporter of the Telluride Patient Safety Summer Camps for health science students. Over the last four years, through their generous support, close to 200 health science students will have attended one of our week-long patient safety summer camps. Student summer camp reflections and experiences have been shared on the ETY blog through the years, as well as the Telluride Sumer Camp blog.
Because of our past success, and the willingness of The Doctors Company and its Foundation’s mission to make care safer for our patients, we are excited to announce that the Telluride Patient Safety Summer Camp will now offer three one-week student summer camps in 2015–with our newest patient safety camp being held in California (“Telluride West”). Ninety health science students from across the country will now be able to attend one of the three, one-week patent safety summer camps being held in Colorado, Washington DC and California. Leaders and visionaries from The Doctors Company and its Foundation, such as Richard Anderson, David Troxel, Leona Siadek-Rice and TDCF board members, believe in the Educate the Young premise, and back it up through their generous and continued support of our Telluride Patient Safety Summer Camp mission.
Combined with the two weeks of Patient Safety Summer Camps for Resident Physicians supported by COPIC, CIR and MedStar Health, there will now be five weeks of patient safety summer camps offered each year. That makes over 150 of our future health care leaders immersed in patient safety and transparency education led by international leaders in patient safety. I think even Einstein would be happy….June 6, 2017 | 2 comments
New top-of-the-range graphics workstation will feature 5K display, up to 18 CPU cores and 128GB RAM. Existing iMacs also updated. Read More »
October 28, 2016
New ultra-thin, power-efficient mobile workstation cards to debut in Apple's new 15" MacBook Pro. Read More »
May 28, 2016
'Industry's first hardware-virtualised GPU for blade servers' lets up to 16 users access the GPU at once. Read More »
November 10, 2015 | 1 comment
Jason Lewis puts HP's top-of-the-range pro mobile system through a battery of real-world tests. Read More »
Jan.Let’s face it – despite the bright colors, clever Swedish design, and exceedingly happy salespeople, few of us would actually choose to spend their entire Saturday at IKEA. It’s a chore! But good thing for you – we now practically live in Back to the Future, and augmented reality is, in this case, going to get you to spend less time on life administration by streamlining the time you spend planning, designing, and purchasing furniture for your home.
It’s not only one of the best use cases of AR, it’s also one of the most obvious: planning and designing interior spaces using easy-to-understand visuals – while you stand in the space you’re planning. Of course, IKEA already tried it back in 2013 – but the technology has advanced significantly. Now start-up app Roomle is making the process even easier – using Wikitude’s SLAM 3D tracking. Check out the short demo below:
The benefits are clear, for everyone involved: less hassle, less travel, quicker and more intuitive understanding of how a space will look and feel. Customers love it because it makes their lives easier; retailers love it because it means more sales, and less overhead on showrooms and stores. And those are just the big benefits – here’s a few more:
- Real-time supply with up-to-date and individually relevant product information
- Visualization of residential environments and interior architecture
- Interactive interface creates strong brand connection
- The personalization factor is enhanced by the unique usability
- Simpler presentation of complex products
- Products ‘stick’ in the consumer’s memory and are recognized more quickly
Using Roomle is this easy
So now that we’ve arrived at the future, what’s the future of the future? Good question – for one, we can imagine one-click ordering (á la Amazon) combined with the flat-packing genius of IKEA to facilitate home shopping even more – take a picture, pick your product, click ‘purchase’ and it shows up at your door one day later. What follows? Pre-fabbed house construction – calculate the price of a new floor or painting a room, or installing an addition to your home.
If you’ve been thinking about making some changes around the house, but the hassle of getting out the measuring tape, doing the research, and going shopping has been holding you back – wait no more, give Roomle a try!
beautifu i liked it
Shopping becomes easyFrom The Internet Movie Database:
Broke.”
This is just so fucked up and disturbing on so many levels
Michelle Williams is an actress playing a role in a movie. It’s her job; it’s “pretend”. Also: SO FUCKING WHAT.
So what if the film depicts gay relationships? They do exist, you know. You can’t make that go away just by putting your fingers in your ears and going “LALALALALA”, Mr Fucking Stupid Moronic Dipshit Headmaster. That the majority of USAns would align themselves with you and your intolerant, bigoted, hypocritical, extreme fundamentalist, ignorant beliefs, is no reason to believe you are RIGHT. The crazy fucking Nazis thought the Final Solution was RIGHT.
Tell me why, please, why you think an ignorant, murdering, dangerously stupid bastard is the best leader you’ve ever had; yet you come off with shit like this?
To Michelle Williams I say, congratulations, I’d be fucking honoured to be disowned by a school like that. Better than an Oscar any day. I haven’t seen the movie yet but you know what? I’m going tonight.
I hope you win the Oscar, anyway.
Jesus never turned his back on anyone. What gives this school the right to do so?
Absolutely amazing, far be it for an ‘American’ not to be able to differentiate reality and media representation. Still it could be funnier, they could have denounced it based on a lack of morals a bit of a dicotomy for the very denouncement indicates the lack of moral integrity the school actually has.$LABU $LABD a strong bullish pattern is forming on weekly chart
TheDragonFly PRO
Thanks TZ. Looks good. SPY looks weak though I am afraid it will bring the BIO down with it. If you have time I would like to see your analysis on SPY or SP500. Keep up great works.
ReplyYou do not have to be good.
You do not have to walk on your knees For a hundred miles through...
Dock of the Bay at 50
The 150 Greatest Albums Made By Women Enter the 2018 MY Hero Songwriting Contest! Deadline: May 1st.
Share your inspiring short films with the world and be eligible to win CASH PRIZES AND AWARDS!!Importance of an E-Waste Plan for your company
The amount of e-waste generated around the world has steadily increased every single year since 2010. There is no end in sight to this phenomenon, as humanity becomes more and more dependent on technology for communication, commerce, and everything in between.
Cadmium, chromium, lead, and mercury are the most toxic components in electronic devices and the reason proper e-waste disposal is so imperative. The oft-repeated declaration that one gram of liquid mercury has the power to contaminate a 20 acre lake isn’t exactly accurate. But if that tiny amount of mercury (which is about equivalent to the amount of mercury in a typical home-use thermometer) is dumped into a large lake once every year, the effects will quickly become noticeable and deadly.
Every company must have a concrete plan as to how it handles e-waste. Not only is it a professional responsibility, but could also save you money in the long run.
Regulatory encouragement
A vast majority of e-waste in the USA ends up in landfills. Incinerators are often used to dispose of e-waste in Asia. Granted there are no specific statutes that outlaw these practices in the respective regions. But both present dangers to the environment. E-waste stacked in landfills creates methane and other greenhouse gases, while incinerators pollute the air with toxic fumes. These realities have led to more initiatives that encourage recycling.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) commenced its Plug-In to eCycling program in 2004. The agency partnered with several electronics manufacturers and peripheral companies to encourage them to “e-cycle” waste. The EPA laid out guidelines that potential partners agreed to follow, with the purpose of gathering data for future regulations. Exercising due diligence to avoid improper dumping of e-waste was one of the primary goals of this initiative.
California’s Electronic Waste Recycling Act of 2004 mandates “proper” disposal of e-waste. The Department of Toxic Substances Control (DTSC) in California provides online lists of recyclers in every county. Foreign countries that are susceptible to dumping from developed nations are also taking steps to curb environmental damage. Nigeria adopted legislation that now charges duties on imported e-waste. The idea was to discourage companies abroad from exporting old electronics that typically end up being burned in large piles and polluting the air in the country.
Stakeholders are watching
The business world is becoming more environmentally-conscious every year as a result of demand from consumers. A 2016 study by Norway-based electronics manufacturer Tandberg found that 53% of consumers worldwide prefer purchasing products and services from companies with strong environmental reputations. The survey also found that high-level talent research the sustainability practices of companies before accepting employment opportunities.
Business partnerships are formed with the primary goal of increasing profits and streamlining operations for both companies. The 21st century has ushered in an era of savvy consumers with more choices than ever. Your company may have a solid reputation for utilizing solar energy, providing incentives for employee with electric cars, etc. But partnerships with companies that are dismissive of environmental concerns reflect directly on your business.
Exercise due diligence when choosing business partners. The extra effort will ultimately reveal itself in a positive manner on your balance sheets.
Comply or close your doors
Two years ago, the California Attorney General announced that Comcast would pay $26 million in damages for illegal dumping of e-waste and violating the privacy of their customers as a result. The state’s Department of Toxic Substances Control concluded in its investigation that Comcast dumped everything from routers and telephones, to old computers and monitors, directly into landfills since 2005.
A large corporation like Comcast can survive this type of penalty. But most small and medium-sized businesses would likely face bankruptcy as a result. E-waste planning is vital for growing your customer base, attracting new customers, and satisfying stakeholders. Governments are also getting more aggressive enforcing regulations surrounding proper e-waste disposal.
It’s in the best interest of both our precious ecosystems and your bottomline to develop an effective e-waste plan for your company and strictly adhere to it. PC Recycle can help you tailor a unique plan for your specific needs. Contact us anytime by email or call during normal business hours to discuss further.Title: Retired Educator
Location: Whittier, CA
Anna Maria Alcala-Jaramillo started out as a teacher in the Teacher Corps., but became a resource teacher under state and federal programs. Working with state and federal compliance, she helped schools establish insurance requirements for school-based programs. On average, she handled between eight and 10 schools. Additionally, she engaged in some grant writing and managed a summer program at the district level. Afterward, she became a reading consultant for a small district in the Valley. There, she wrote grants for Reading First and became a literacy coach. Ms. Jaramillo worked in education for a total of 36 years and gained a strong reputation in the field during that span. She was revered by her colleagues and appreciated by her students, whom she cared deeply for. Ms. Jaramillo was honored for her exceptional work, including being recognized as a bilingual resource teacher by Norwalk La Mirada School District. She attributes all the success she experienced throughout her career to the support she received from her mother.
Contact Anna Maria Alcala-Jaramillomany
measure twice, cut once
denk twee keer na
once you've made some decisions, it's hard to change it so think carefully before making a decision
millstone round your neck
blok aan je been
a millstone around your neck is a problem that prevents you from doing what you want to do
mince words
de boel verdraaien
if people mince their words, they don't say what they really mean clearly
mind your own beeswax
let op je eigen zaken
people should mind their own business
mind your p's and q's
je goed gedragen
when you are careful about the way you behave and are politePlanet Blue Ambassadors teamed up with MHealthy and Ann Arbor’s Ecology Center to throw a highly informative and entertaining event called Healthy Holidays, Healthy Stuff. The Hatcher Graduate Library served as the stage (apparently there are things there other than stacks and stacks of books, who knew?) and the holiday theme was fittingly applied.
Photo by Abigail Wilkins
The aim of the event was to inform those attending of how to have a safe and sustainable holiday season by providing product chemical testing and samplings of health-friendly recipes and food (all approved by MHealthy, of course).
Photo by Abigail Wilkins
Here are some of the tips I gathered from the event for how to stay healthy this holiday season:
- Decorate foods with nuts or seeds, use new shapes for vegetables, or garnish a dish with some eye-catching fruit.
- Make ice cubes using 100% juice or add slices of fruit to make water more exciting. Try making a ‘float’ by adding a scoop of non-fat sorbet to seltzer water.
- Visit ChooseMyPlate.gov to find out how to incorporate foods from all food groups into your party menu.
- Never go to a holiday party hungry. Enjoy a small, healthy snack before leaving to avoid large portion sizes or going for seconds (maybe even thirds) later on.
- And my personal favorite, burn a few extra calories at the end of the day by boogying down to your favorite Christmas music while trimming the tree.
Photo by Abigail Wilkins
Most importantly, be conscious about the products you are choosing to use this holiday season. Being healthy is extra important with all that snow piling up outside.
nike mens free trainer 7.0
For more information on sustainability, visit sustainability.umich.edu or check out for examples of nutritious holiday recipes. Good luck!Pop Searches: photoshop office 2007 PC Security
You are here: Brothersoft.com > Windows > Security > Other Security Tools >
Advertisement
Advertisement
view larger (1)
Advertisement
bbc hindi radio | siteadvisor analysts | mcafee siteadvisor 2012 | bluetooth software for | opera mini 3.2 | mcafee 8.5i | mcafee-inc | china mobile pc | gtunes for pc | siteadvisor
Please be aware that Brothersoft do not supply any crack, patches, serial numbers or keygen for McAfee SiteAdvisor Plus,and please consult directly with program authors for any problem with McAfee SiteAdvisor Plus.
mcafee siteadvisor not working | mahjong titans download | file hider | samsung pc suite | mcafee 8 in 1 | best antivirus mcafee | full nero pc download | mobile phone pc suite | instagram blackberry bold download | getzer.com all softwers download | data entry practice test | instagram for macbook pro download | download god krishna mp3 songs | download-mcafee-virusscan--i | twilight download movie | getjar quick download code | mcafee total | mcafee.sdat | n70 nokia pc suiteWhat is the single most cost effective way to get direct access to a consumer? If you said anything other than mobile marketing, then you are wrong. Mobile marketing is exploding at an exponential rate.
Mobile marketing reached $2.7 billion in 2011 and is expected to grow 84% annually, hitting $5.7 billion by 2014!
Brands using Mobile Marketing to reach customers connect with 95% of all smartphone & non-smartphone users.
Mobile coupons receive 10 times higher redemption rates than print coupons. The redemption rate of a mobile coupon is up to 15% compared to traditional printed coupons with redemption rates of 1% or less. 92% of all people have and keep their cell phones within arm’s reach 24 hours a day, with 90% of them reading their text messages within 3 minutes of a message being delivered.
Study after study, statistics are showing that Mobile ads perform 4-5 times better than online (Internet) ads in key metrics such as brand favorability, awareness, and purchase intent.
By 2013, mobile phone will overtake PC's as the most common web access device worldwide. Based on these numbers, mobile devices are quickly becoming the dominant way in which consumers interact with brands and each other.
People carry their cell phone with them everywhere, and if you are looking to reach your customers, text message marketing provides the solution.
Whether it’s a coupon or an ad, getting value from local businesses through one’s phone is becoming much more accepted than even a couple of years ago.
63% of consumers say they’re either “very comfortable” or “getting used” to seeing ads on their phones.
The process is really very simple.
Footnotes
.Long Sleeve Vintage Wedding Dresses Beautiful 30 Gorgeous Lace Sleeve Wedding Dresses
New Pictures Of Long Sleeve Vintage Wedding Dresses Image Source by bridalmusings.com – Through the thousand photographs on the net about long sleeve vintage wedding dresses, choices the very best series along with ideal image resolution just for you, and now this photos is one of photos selections inside our best pictures gallery with regards to New Pictures Of Long Sleeve Vintage Wedding Dresses. I really hope you can think it’s great. This particular image (Long Sleeve Vintage Wedding Dresses Beautiful 30 Gorgeous Lace Sleeve Wedding Dresses) earlier mentioned on 2017-12-26 07:39:05. To view many photographs in New Pictures Of Long Sleeve Vintage Wedding Dresses graphics gallery remember to adhere to this particular hyperlink. The Stylish along with Gorgeous long sleeve vintage wedding dresses for Motivate Your home Current Home Warm AspirationHouse1. Interpretation“We”, “us” and “our” mean The Random House Group Limited and Penguin Books Limited in collaboration with The Interactive Design Institute Limited through its proprietary methodology and learning management system. “You” and “your” mean the person using the Website. “Terms” means the Terms of Use of the Website and all other documents referred to in them. “Website” means
2. This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy, together with the Terms, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you via the Website, or that you provide to us via the Website, will be processed by us. Please read this privacy policy carefully. By visiting the Website and continuing to browse and use the website you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. It is our stated policy that we will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current best practice with regard to the processing of personal data. We are registered as data controllers in the United Kingdom under the Data Protection Act 1998.
We take. We do not generally link your name to cookies unless you specifically provide your name to us in relation to a service that makes use of cookies. Please read below for a further explanation of the information we gather and how we use it.
3. Collection of data and how information we hold about you can be usedAs you explore our Websites, you will come across places in which we ask you to provide us with information about yourself. We explain each of these below. We will not use your name or email address for any purpose other than as stated.
3.1. In some places in this site, The Random House Group Limited or Penguin Books Limited.
Use of User Generated Content Functions
3.2. You should be aware that if you disclose personal information in content that you provide for.
Provision of Courses
3.3 The Writers’ Academy courses are owned by The Random House Group Limited and Penguin Books Limited and made available and provided by The Interactive Design Institute Ltd () through its proprietary methodology and Learning Management System (). Personal information provided in relation to ordering or enrolment on a course will be provided to the Interactive Design Institute for the purposes of providing administration services and course delivery. Please see the Interactive Design Institute’s Privacy Policy () for more information on how it treats personal data.
3.4. In order to receive the email newsletter the Newsletter.
3.5. All of our Email Newsletters include instructions on how to unsubscribe. Please follow these instructions to remove yourself from our individual lists.
4. Storage and Disclosure of Personal DataWe will retain the data we hold concerning you for as long as it is necessary to do so. We will retain and/or disclose your personal data to authorised authorities without your consent where we are required to do so under the law.
5. CookiesCookies.
Please see the table below for an overview of the cookies that we use.
6. Links to other sitesOur site contains links to other sites that are not under our control, even though they may use ourWeWe.
The Writers’ Academy from The Random House Group Limited and Penguin Books Limited
In conjunction with:
The Interactive Design Institute Ltd
Delivering a unique online learning experience.
© The Random House Group 2016 incorporated in England and Wales.
Company number: 00954009
VAT number: 102838980
Registered office:
20 Vauxhall Bridge
London
SW1V 2SA
Penguin Books Limited incorporated in England and Wales.
Company number: 00861590
VAT number: 102838980
Registered office:
80 Strand, London WC2R 0RL
The Interactive Design Institute Ltd
Place of registration: Scotland
Company number: SC265879
VAT number: 847211435
Registered office:
Stuart House, Eskmills, Musselburgh, EH21 7PB, Scotland- Sign-up to become a member, and most of the ads you see will disappear. It only takes 30 seconds to sign up, so join the discussion today!Dismiss Notice
Guess The Dictator/Sit-com Star!
Discussion in 'After Hours Lounge (Off Topic)' started by Morgan Jolley, Sep 28, 2003.
Page 1 of 2
Page 1 of 2.
Coach Mike D’Antoni said he didn’t see why the two couldn’t find roles in his up-tempo system, even if Gasol, at times, questioned his effectiveness in a running offense. D’Antoni said Gasol is too skilled and too talented not to fit in, and alternated the two post players throughout the game.
“There’s no reason not to,” D’Antoni said before the game. “We do have to find the right balance between Pau and Dwight in the post and all that goes with it. But I would be shocked if he (Gasol) can’t (play in this offense.)”
D’Antoni expected to see a different Gasol on the court than in recent weeks now that his knees feel better and he has a better understanding of the spread offense.
Gasol spent the past eight games sitting next to Steve Nash, a proponent of D’Antoni’s offense, on the bench watching and learning.
“He feels better so that is a big factor,” D’Antoni said. “As the team goes forward and the team plays better around him that will give him some room.”
D’Antoni said Gasol and the others need to trust in his system and buy into the concept of sharing the ball, otherwise the Lakers will continue to flounder in the Pacific Division.
“You can’t do it otherwise,” D’Antoni said. “That’s probably the hardest thing we have to work at — to get them to understand the spacing and stay with it and sharing the ball, moving the ball and all that stuff, that’s what its based on. The tempo we play.”.
Contact the writer: jcarr@ocregister.comOn Fri, 2010-12-03 at 14:48 -0700, Levi Pearson wrote: > And the idea that some random artist dude has discovered some insight > that undermines the foundation of the current mathematic and physics > community is absurd on its face, and although I admit that it's > possible that such a thing could happen, it would require some > extraordinary evidence to get me to believe it. It looks like > standard crankery in the form of unusually well-crafted sentences to > me, though..White Hat SEO Needed with SEO success track Records
Budget $250-750 USD Google will be accepted. Past experience with similar keywords will have priority.
I need 5 keywords to rank in TOP 10 in Google. This is difficult to achieve so I am only looking for the [url removed, login to view] are as follows:
1- Medical software, 2- Medical billing software, 3- Dental Software, 4- Hospital Software, 5- Veterinary Software
Bidder should provide period where he will reach TOP 50, 30 and 10
Here is our website to study the needed SEO works.
67 freelancers are bidding on average $307 for this job
We are SEO Expert. We can rank your website on first page and can improve your website’s organic traffic by doing white hat SEO.
Hello, i am interested to your Project once contact me i will start work immediately and complete it as your requirement. i will provide you best SEO service i m waiting for your reply. Thank you,A couple of weeks ago I participated in a 48-hour game jam hosted by PlayFab here in Seattle, with fellow procedural planet veteran Alex Peterson, my good friend and composerLeo Langinger, and the fortunate last minute addition of artistBrent Rawls.
We were both surprised and excited to have won this game jam, especially given the number and quality of competing entries.
Our entry, the somewhat awkwardly-named Mad-scien-tile-ology, is a Unity-powered take on the classical 'match-3' game (a la Bejeweled or Candy Crush), with the addition of an all-consuming biological 'creep', which consumes the game board as the player attempts to match tiles in order to slow its inexorable progress:
What went right
- Separation of responsibilities
We had what I can only describe as an optimal team composition for such a short development cycle. Leo was able to focus on composing the music with a little sound design on the side, while Brent concentrated on the artwork, Alex handled all of the UI programming, and I wrote the gameplay logic.
- Time management
We hit the ground running, with an initial match-3 prototype playable early Saturday morning. Thereafter we went into planning mode, and white boarded the roadmap and scheduled checkpoints throughout the day for each deliverable and each integration point for assets. While the estimates weren't perfect, and we missed on a solid handful of items, the organisation helped us to hit 90% of what we set out to do, and still get 2 relatively decent nights of sleep during the competition.
- Building on Unity
Alex and I have both played around with Unity in the past, but neither of us had never shipped a full game thereon. Unity represented a fantastic time savings over building a game from scratch, and the asset pipeline alone saved us hours in wiring up the animations and audio.
- Having an artist, and an unusual artstyle
We hit on the idea of stop-motion papercraft before finding Brent, but honestly were it not for his efforts it would have been a disaster. Brent ran with the idea and produced visuals which are striking and unusual. The real-world textures of the paper, the bold colour palette and the stop-motion animations really help the game stand out from other games of this type.
- Having a composer, and an original score
It's easy to underestimate the impact of music on a video game, and as one of the only teams with a professional composer, I think we had an advantage out of the gate. Leo composed original scores for the title screen, gameplay loop, and victory/loss conditions. The upbeat and detailed music really helps sell the 'mad science' theme, and between composing he was able to produce a full range of foley effects for gameplay events that really help to sell the action on screen.
- Playtesting, playtesting, playtesting
We had a playable (if minimal) match-3 game from mid Saturday morning, and that allowed us to play test each new element as we added it. This can be a double-edged sword - when short on time, you can find yourself playing the game instead of implementing features, but it did give us a good idea of what did and didn't work in the context of the game, and allowed us to fit at least some balance tweaks into the time available.
The scrumboard
What didn't go so well
- Version control + Unity = not so good
We are used to working with a variety of distributed version control systems, so at the start of the competition we threw everything into a git repository and went to town. Unfortunately, we quickly learned that Unity isn't terribly well suited to git. While all the source files and assets are handled just fine, a great deal of the configuration and logical wiring is contained in the single main.scene file, and being a binary file, git only sees it as an opaque blob. After a couple of merges that resulted in having to rewire assets by hand, we had to fall back to editing separate scene files and copy/pasting to the main scene file before we merged.
- Time is the enemy
48-hours is not a long time, and irrespective of our planning, time grew increasingly tight as the competition progressed. While we were able to finish the game to a point we were fairly happy with, a number of features fell to the wayside, most notably highscores. We had intended to implement online leaderboards using our host PlayFab's SDK, but that work had to be deprioritised to make time to fix critical gameplay bugs, and eventually we ran out of time.
- Last-minute changes are not your friend
This one largely follows from the last two points, but Alex and I both tweaked different elements right before we packaged the game for judging, and somewhere in our merge we managed to lose the explosion effect for the player's super-meter, as well as drastically increasing the pace and difficulty of the game in the final build. Neither change badly affected our ability to demonstrate the game, but it's a lesson learned to put the pencils down and focus on testing in the final hours.
- Always be prepared to talk
Winning the contest came out of left field, and the surprise coupled with a general lack of sleep had us roughly ad libbing our acceptance, and the subsequent quotes for the organiser's press release. While one wouldn't assume to win any competition, it turns out to be worth putting a few minutes of thought into what you would say if you do. Even a couple of sentences helps smooth over that deer-in-the-headlights moment.
Video game art 101
What's next?
We're working on getting some of the more egregious bugs fixed, but if you're of a mind to see how it is all put together, the source code and unity project is available over on GitLab. I don't have binaries available for download yet, but we'll try and make it available in a playable form when we have a few more of the kinks worked out.
And I'd be remiss if I didn't give a shout out to PlayFab, for hosting (and catering!) a fantastic game jam, and our fellow competitors, who build some truly amazing games. Here's looking forward to next time.
Jam attendees checking out our game after the competition
- Read more...
- 378 views
-)
- New Town Hall - Glockenspiel (30-minute walk)
- Asamkirche (31-minute walk)
- Hofbrauhaus (33-minute walk)
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 43 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over *
- 2 per room
Internet
- Free WiFi in public areas
- Free WiFi in rooms
Transportation
Parking
- Self parking (limited) *
- Extended parking
Other information
- Smoke-free property
Also popular with travelers from the USA
Montree Hotel, Munich’s small print
Also known as
- Hotel Montree
- Montree
- Montree Hotel
- Montree Hotel Munich
- Montree Munich
Optional extras
Self parking costs EUR 12 per night
Extended parking is available for an extra charge Montree Hotel, Munich
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- Munich (MUC-Franz Josef Strauss Intl.) 33-min drive
- Munich Central Station 17-min walk
- Munich East Station 15-min drive
- Munich Pasing Station 17-min drive
- Karlsplatz Station 22-min walk
- Extended parking
- Self parking (surcharge)
- Limited parking
- RV, bus, and truck parking
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
USStorage Quote Results Extra Space Storage 1540 Atlantic Ave Brooklyn, NY 11213 This Brooklyn storage facility offers the following storage spaces: Amenities vary by size. Not all amenities are available for each size. Size Amenities Monthly Rate Choose Your Unit 5x5Small closet (Up to 25 sq. ft) Prices from $62.00 a month View Units 4x4 Elevator AccessIndoorReduced Height $62.00 a month Reserve 4x5 Elevator AccessIndoorReduced Height $71.00 a month Reserve 5x5 1st Floor AccessIndoor $159.00 a month Reserve 5x5 Elevator AccessIndoorReduced Height $75.00 a month Reserve 5x10Walk-in Closet or 1 bdrm (Up to 50 sq. ft) Prices from $128.00 a month View Units 5x10 1st Floor AccessIndoor $233.00 a month Reserve 5x10 Elevator AccessIndoor $145.00 a month Reserve 5x10 Elevator AccessIndoor $128.00 a month Reserve 10x10Full 1 bedroom apt (Up to 100 sq. ft) Prices from $299.00 a month View Units 8x10 1st Floor AccessIndoor $299.00 a month Reserve 10x10 1st Floor AccessIndoor $363.00 a month Reserve 10x152-3 bedroom apt or small home (Up to 150 sq. ft) Prices from $326.00 a month View Units 10x15 Elevator AccessIndoor $342.00 a month Reserve 10x15 Elevator AccessIndoor $32640 Atlantic Ave in Brooklyn, NY today! Our large selection of storage units, climate controlled units, exceptional security, alarmed units,. Intersections/Landmarks: Atlantic Avenue at Kingston Avenue Payment Methods Cash Check American Express Discover Card Master Card Visa Card Apple Pay Mobile Pay Invoice Contact Extra Space Storage directly:Extra Space Storage1540 Atlantic AveBrooklyn, NY 11213718-756-1505European football Pinnacle's Game
Soccer superstars-and superpowers are fighting for one of the greatest championships in the sport - Euro 2008. Big saves and unbelievable goals are mixed with national pride and pure fan passion as Europe's best players draw on their country jersey and playing for more than just bragging. While billions will watch the tournament on TV, only a few special will be there to give evidence in the person of passion, excitement and drama on the world stage.
Your Euro 2008 Finals Travel Package includes:
* Guaranteed Tickets for the Euro 2008 Championship Final
* 5 days / 4 nights Accommodations in your choice of 3-Star, 4-Star, and 5-star hotels
* 5 days unlimited use of free local transport pass
* Roadtrip on-site Professional Tour host throughout your stay
* Euro 2008 Gift Package
* Roadtrip Ticket Holder & Lanyard
* Expert Travel & Concierge Services of the Roadtrip On-Your-Service Desk
Please note:
* 4 night hotel minimum stay required
Complete Euro 2008 Finals packages available from € 5,965 (based on double occupancy)
For more information about our packages and rates, click on the tabs at the top of this section. Select the 'Trip Quote' button to the "Trip Quote Wizard" and adjusting your Euro 2008 package.YouTube Link
DailyMotion Link
This video lecture from Atomic Structure (F.Sc. First Year Chemistry) covers the discovery of proton/positive rays, the experimental performance by Goldstein in which perforated cathode was used and presence of positive rays was observed. The properties of positive rays are also discussed in the video. Find more e-learning material and educational video lectures in Urdu at maktab.pk. These videos are free to use for promotional and commercial purpose by keeping the credits to Maktab.
SEE ALL
Add a note
YOUCall Now 1-877-250-5646
Curved Vase
Description:Collapsible PVC flower vase with curved shape. Folds flat, but forms vase shape when filled with water. Comes in clear with translucent colored bottoms. Makes a great gift!. 4" W x 9" H
Totals
Information Request
Name: Curved Vase
SKU: GXEYJ-HXKBW
SKU: GXEYJ-HXKBW
Please fill out the form below with any questions or comments you may have about this product and a representative will get back to you shortly.
Curved Vase Added to Cart
You can continue shopping or proceed to checkout where you'll be able to provide us the image(s) text and other information for your order.Hello, I came across a legal problem while revising where A had bought some land from B. A was 9 weeks into some construction work he was having done to the land when he realised that the foundations were sitting on top of a sewer. A now wants to withdraw from the contract, as to rectify the problem he will have to spend a lot of money, but the contract is not in writing, however, B was not aware of the foundations sitting on top of a sewer. Can B hold A to their agreement?
My opinion is that the mistake was a common error as both parties were unaware of this, however i'm not sure as a contract is not legally binding if it is not in writing according to the RWSA 1995.
Can someone please help me? Thanx
Announcements
- joe12
- 0 followers
- 0 badges
-
-
Offline0ReputationRep:
- Thread Starter
-
- 1
- 03-04-2013 02:17
-
Reply
Submit reply
Related discussions:
- Contract/ Tort Law
- 2:1 from non-Russell Group uni - how to get a vac scheme ...
- Will this help get a training contract in law?
- Contract Breach - Case Law
- Law training contract difficulty
- Can I get on a legal training contract with a non-law degree?
- Mooting Law Contract Problem
- Which is my better option for getting training contract
- How hard is it to get a training contract?
- Do Oxford LLM graduates have a higher chance of getting a ...
Updated: April 4, 2013
Share this discussion: TweetIf you are searching for progena cell reviews then you’ll definitely find the following piece of content very useful. Our team are Regenerative Medicine experts have put together this information below which i hope you will find useful and of use when shopping for regenerative medicine companies. Make sure you look around our website for past content pieces and videos; as well be on the lookout for additional information regarding this subject from our day by day blog and article posting.….Cell division, minus the cells
For those who enjoyed the above article and found it strongly related to what you were trying to find in relation to regenerative medicine news, then please check out our website and/or the list of related articles we found below. From regenerative medicine news reviews, to regenerative medicine news news stories and we offer regularly reports bloggers who’re experts with reference to regenerative medicine news. Thank you so much again for taking the time to read and/or touch upon my blog and I hope you will share and keep returning as a fellow subscriber or fans of my websites.
Find out more about where do embryonic stem cells come from
- – progenacell.com
- TEENS: Do you know what stem cell research is, and can do? – The Times (subscription)
- OPRAH, MICHAEL J FOX, DR OZ – The Stem Cell Blog – WordPress …
- Stem Cell Breakthrough May be the Cure for Parkinson’s – Science Times
- Breakthrough in stem cell treatment for Parkinson’s – Medical News TodayWhile Jane and the kids were away I cheered myself up on a dreary wet afternoon by treating myself through retail therapy and bought myself a dry-suit for my kayaking adventures. For the uninitiated it’s a total immersion suit that you put on over the top of normal clothing to eliminate the problem of stripping off a cold wet-suit exposed to the elements, easily the worst aspect of British watersports especially in the winter. I tried on a couple but the majority have a zip that runs across your back which is pretty hard do up on your own. I eventually chose a Palm Cascade as it has a zip across the front and was as easy to put on as these things are i.e. not very!
I bought it mainly for winter gear when a wet change is pretty unpleasant. Seeing as the weather was pretty wintry anyway I thought I’d head down to the beach to try it out. Rest Bay is about the nearest bit of coast to where I live and I can be parked up in about 1.5 hours from home.
When I left and most of the way down it was pishing with rain but when I got there, it was blue skies all the way. It’s a pretty nice spot with a broad strand of sand (well mud/sand anyway) backed by low limestone cliffs.
The views are unusual in that there is vista all the way across the Bristol Channel to the Gower and eventually to…. Port Talbot Steelworks! Still the grassland above the cliffs is very pleasant and the nearest town, Porthcawl, has been done up very nicely.
As the beach is very fine sand/mud, when it’s choppy like it was today the water looks disconcertingly brown and mucky. Still can’t waste good waves so I pulled on my new dry-suit over the clothes I drove down in and went in.
The waves were very broken and choppy which isn’t always great for surfing and bloody hard to paddle past the breaking waves. However I got some surprisingly good, long and steep rides made all the more enjoyable by the warm and unexpected sunshine. It felt very odd in the dry-suit as opposed to the wetsuit I normally wear, much colder without the neoprene insulation that the wetsuit provides.
Strangest thing is that when you capsize the air trapped inside becomes buoyant and the whole suit floats on the surface. Must look pretty comical!
After 3 hours of hard work and high quality fun and thrills, I called it a day and went back to the car to see how “dry” I was. Amazingly, the thing works. I had on my fleece suit I use when winter skiing which along with my socks was bone dry. Only problem was obvious, in warm sunshine you sweat and in a total immersion suit there is nowhere for that sweat to go. The cotton T-shirt I had on was damp but it definitely wasn’t salt water so the suit had done its job. I’d need something that doesn’t soak up the sweat to become damp and clammy in future. Well pleased with the new gear option but definitely an for winter rather than a shock, warm sunny summer afternoon – still a wetsuit for those conditions.
I headed home in glorious sunshine, a fine day out on the surf. Enjoy the video footage
Aaah, the mighty TPE. They’ve been touring again, did you know? Be amazing to see them live again. (They are, or used to be anyway, absolutely brilliant live.)
Looks like you had fine old time, sunshine too. Do you have a painting of yourself soaked to the skin in the world’s heaviest downpour, in the attic?
Never saw them live but their albums are brilliant.
I’ve done my my time in the rain, a certain walk by the Afon Mellte a few weeks ago springs to mind :). I don’t think “The Picture of Andy Jones” is going attract a big audience
Went backpacking last weekend in the rain as well – blog post to follow in a couple of days
Looks very cold and wet to me – I’m a bit of a wuss when it comes to water – but I can see that it might have a certain exciting appeal if it didn’t involve getting wet…
(I even hate washing my hair in the shower as I can’t stand the feeling of wet hair sticking to my back!)
I’m still a bit of thrill seeker and speed junkie in my middle-aged years. It does give an alternative outdoor play opportunity when the weather is bad (although in this case it turned rather splendid.
As you can probbaly tell from the ocassional photo of me that appears on the blog, my days of “wet hair sticking to my back” are a distant memory 🙂
That looks like super fun. I’ve not tried surf kayaking, but my son has one, so maybe I should try it one day. What is your camera mounted on for the shots/video of you? I presume it’s a helmet cam for the shots looking forwards?
Great fun and hard work, sit on kayaks take a bit of getting used to in the waves, they tend to tip over quite easily. Took me half a dozen days out before I really got the feel of it. At least you don’t have to drag them out and empty the water out when you capsize (which I do frequently!) – just hop back on. They catch waves pretty easily and it’s a real rush skipping down the waves. Go on – give it a whirl 🙂
I use a camera called a Go Pro HD Hero. Sits within its own little waterproof housing. You stick/glue a fitting onto the helmet or the boat (it’s the white circle on the front of the boat – designed for surf boards) and the camera clips and screws into. Also has a head strap (like a headtorch) and a chest harness which I use for skiing and other mad water sports I do
I assumed it was a Go Pro. Middle son has one which he uses on his mountain bike; maybe I’ll get a waterproof housing and borrow it for kayaking. (I’ve previously borrowed a cheap helmet cam that eldest son had. He had used it on his motorbike helmet and road cycle. I found the footage from that was shaky on a mountain bike, but haven’t tried it for other things).
The head mounted approach always looks a little shaky where there is lots of head movement like kayaking although it works ok when I’m skiing. The fixed point on the boat is much better (apart from my ugly mug) or the chest harness is also good in more active situations although it does catch the paddle. Looking forward on the boat would be good but it’s hard to see over the bow.
It’s cracking little toy but not far short of £500 with all the various fittings, attachments, housings and the likeHelping you help your community
Our clients often wish to include charitable planning as they plan their estates, perhaps to create a legacy and/or to take advantage of tax benefits.
Regardless of your goals, MillRiver staff will work with you – and local organizations such as the New Hampshire Charitable Foundation to manage your charitable concerns and assist with:
- Outright gifts of cash or appreciated securities
- Bequests in your will or trust
- Naming charitable beneficiaries on retirement assets or life insurance policies
- Donor-advised funds
- Charitable remainder trusts
- Charitable gift annuities
- Charitable lead trusts
We will work with you and your tax and legal advisors to evaluate whether these strategies are a good fit for your tax situation and your charitable giving goals.
Meeting with MillRiver Wealth Management Team is without obligation or cost.30.11.2017 | 11:49
20.12.2017 | 16:41
Chernomorsk, May 1 St., at the corner of Sadovaya (opposite Intosan)
tel.: 048 685 70 37, 063 124 08 85
Yutdverki@yandex.ua
Quality
Due to system of quality management ISO 9001 all our production is reliable and durable.
Ecological compatibility
Environmental management system ISO 14001 allows to guarantee total safety of the factory products.Around 2012 I had a strong urge to get into a studio and put down some improvisations. I’ve always been into improvisation since losing my place in the music during a competition aged nine and having to make it up (much to the accompanists horror). It always felt good getting let off the musical leash and I would jump at any opportunity that came my way.
This journeying has now brought me ‘Mairi Campbell – Pulse’ which is a one woman music theatre show. I’ve just completed a three week run at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe and had five star reviews, so it was all very exciting, and now I’m hoping that that’s just the start of my journey and we play it loads. Here’s an account of how it all came about and the journey of Pulse.
Every few weeks I’d go to Dave Gray’s Sound Café studio and put down some more material. I’d say, “Dave, turn off the lights and turn on the mics. I’m going in!” Afterwards, I’d leave, and not even listen. I just wanted it on record but couldn’t figure out why.
There was an urgency and intensity about the music that came out in those sessions. I think it was connected to Scotland’s referendum. Many artists in Scotland have been going crazy needing to integrate all of that.
Anyway, I was surprised by what was coming up. It was way out left field, more exposed than anything that I’d done before.
One day, on mentioning that I had no idea what I would do with the recordings, Dave Gray suggested that he wanted to add guitar and some percussion to them. A few days later we had our first track. I was amazed by how it sounded, loved its energy and visceral drive. We just kept making tracks and it didn’t take long to have a full album: now Pulse.
Since 2011 I had also been working with Youth Music Theatre as music director and songwriter, and expanding my repertoire around movement and word through two routes: attending Kath Burlinson’s Authentic Artist retreats and doing a training in InterPlay, a cross-form arts practice.
There was also a general tone in the Scottish traditional arts community that some were looking for ways to integrate story, song and movement. I wanted to take that on. It was clear that this new music was a show, not a gig.
Watch the Pulse showreel below….
Kath Burlinson is the director. She and I have been working together for a few years and I adore working with her. She brings out the bold in you, that’s all I’m saying. I don’t know how she does it, well I do actually. She is a highly intuitive and skilled director who creates magic with everyone she works with. I’m very lucky.
Pulse has brought together such a strong team, it bodes well for the future, so, Lang may our lums reek’ is all I have to say and here’s to Scotland finding her Pulse, which She is.
To find out more about ‘Pulse’ and keep up to date with Mairi’s other projects – including gigs, workshops and music retreats – visitThe UK passport could turn dark blue again after Brexit under a £490 million contract to redesign and produce a new version of the document.
The passport is routinely redesigned every five years and Eurosceptics view the new contract as a way to ditch the EU burgundy cover in favour of a return to the colour of the past.Vlogging sensation Ali-A helps fashion-mad Molly transform her family's 'Old Banger' forever. But what will Molly's parents think of its glamorous new look?
Browse content similar to Goodbye Old Banger. Check below for episodes and series from the same categories and more!
Fashion-mad Molly from Portsmouth is very embarrassed about her family car. Nicknamed 'Old Banger' for obvious reasons, it's approaching it twentieth birthday and is covered in scratches. Molly's dad has agreed to let her loose on the car, and she thinks with the help of Ali-A and his supercharging team that she can make it stylish enough for any catwalk.
After Molly scrutinises Ali-A's fashion sense, the pair chat through possible new designs for Old Banger. The rest of the family can't see the designs they are talking about, so Dad is worried about his car returning in bright pink and covered in lipstick!
Ali-A hooks up Molly with Sideways Sid, a motoring guru with an eye for design. Sid takes Molly to a university catwalk show in Southampton to try and find an on-trend look for the Old Banger. She has the honour of opening the show and meets Alicja Teper, a designer whose work has appeared in Vogue. Molly's time with Alicja leaves her feeling inspired and ready to make her family car stand out.
She then pays a visit to mechanic Rebecca, who gets to work with Molly fixing Old Banger in the Superchargers workshop. The pair give the gear box a good seeing to, Molly's hands have never been this dirty! Once they are finished, Old Banger is ready for its fashionable makeover.
Sideways Sid returns to help give the car the extra sparkle it's been in desperate need of. But when it comes to the big reveal, will mum and dad be as into Molly's fashionable design as she is?Unindex Volume One : Ferae Naturae
NRGCA / Richard Skelton NRGCA has created a temporary ‘Museum of Feræ Naturæ’ which is on display at Abbot Hall Art Gallery from January 16th to March 14th, 2015. The exhibit takes.
Corbel Stone Press have produced a special edition of 13, comprising:
– A signed copy of Unindex Volume One
– Eight A5 prints of the museum artefacts
– A unique, signed and numbered transcript print of a manuscript text
Both the standard and special edition are available from:Revenue Class: Local Taxes
Fund:General
Account No.: 31514
Description: Revenue received as payment in lieu of tax on the gas system property and operations that represents the public utility’s fair share of the cost of local government. Payments are based on the value of the gas system and gas operations. It applies only to municipalities that own and operate a gas system. A worksheet can be found under "In-lieu-of tax calculator" at
Authorization: T.C.A. § 7-39-401 et seq. (Municipal Gas System Tax Equivalent Law).
Requirements or Restrictions: Payments cannot be made to the municipality unless the following expenses are paid or provided for: operating expenses, debt payments, reasonable reserves, and cash working capital adequate to cover operating expenses for a reasonable number of weeks. A resolution is required that sets forth the tax equivalent provisions.
Current Rate: In lieu of tax payments are computed under T.C.A. § 7-39-404 (1).
Frequency of Late Pay Penalty: None.
Exemptions: Retail sales or use taxes on gas energy at the same rates applicable generally to sales or use of personal property or services are not included in the calculations. T.C.A. § 7-39-404(6).
Collection: Payments are transferred from the gas fund in accordance with resolution passed by the governing body. T.C.A. § 7-39-405.
Use Restrictions: None.If you are just interested in making the doc available to anyone that wants to do anything with it, then the BSD/MIT is a good way to go, or nothing at all. Are there restrictions you are interested in applying to the doc? At 12:04 AM 11/28/2000, you wrote: >I'm working on the Krayon handbook. Hopefully I can have a complete first >draft available in a month or two, pending the holidays. But a question for >the group, and primarily for the developers and contributors. > >The sample template handbook (kapp) indicates that the GNU Free Documentation >License should be used for all KDE docs. And indeed, most applications >released with KDE2 use this license. But none of the KOffice applications do >that I can see. > >Reading over the GFDL, is initially seems like overkill for an application >handbook, and better suited for references, larger manuals and for-profit >texts. But I will reserve my final opinion for later. > >I'm leaning towards both the GFDL (for convention) and a BSD/MIT license or >short permission statement (for simplicity). Ultimately it will be up to me >to license my own creative works, but I would like to know more on what those >most interested in Krayon (this list) feel. > >-- >David Johnson >___________________ > >_______________________________________________ >Kimageshop mailing list >Kimageshop@master.kde.org > Regards, Shawn Gordon President theKompany.com 949-713-3276Sample Cover letter for Assistant Operation Manager
What to say in cover letter? You will find answer to this question in the below mentioned sample of cover letter for Assistant Operation Manager. Apart from this you need to make out, how to write cover letter? Appearance and content are two things which can make your letter marvelous.
(Write your name and address)
Robin Johnson
4617 Oakridge Farm Lane
Brookfield,WI
Zip:53005
Robin.R.Johnson@spambob.com
Phone: 262-370-5561
(Write Employer’s name and address)
Sherwood Bufford
PepsiCo Inc.
3683 Johnson Street
Raleigh
NC
Date: 19-11-2010
Dear Ms.Bufford,
(In first paragraph, include the information like why you are writing, position you are applying for and source of the job listing)
Availing job for Assistant Operation Manager in PepsiCo Inc. in Brookfield is a great thing as every candidate wants to be the part of this firm. I made up my mind to apply for this job as soon as I saw advertisement in Indeed.com .
(In second paragraph, include the summary of your work experience.)
My work experience includes:
- Recognized for outstanding and consistent ability to ensure proper settlement of reports, upgrade of all systems, and accuracy of transaction postings.
- Devised and mastered advanced tactics that were incorporated to minimize operating losses and safeguard the organization´s assets.
- Key contributor to streamlining of processes necessary to generate new business and retain existing clients.
- Spearheaded training sessions to cultivate the department and branch personnel on all aspects pertinent to item processing.
- Acknowledged for promoting a collaborative work environment through effective arranging and launching of cross departmental activities.
- Demonstrated efficient methodologies that were implemented throughout investigative activities launched to discover and minimize fraudulent transactions.

(Robin Johnson)Milwaukee Bucks Ticket Information
Order Bucks tickets and help show opposing NBA teams why they should “Fear the Deer” this season. Feel the momentum swing in the Bucks’ direction with every clutch three-pointer and break-away slam dunk at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. With a purchase of Bucks tickets, you can experience all the non-stop entertainment, from fan-oriented fun in between time outs to the high-flying in-game action on the court. Reference the game schedule will clearly display every upcoming Bucks basketball home game at the BMO Harris Bradley Center. You can toggle the schedule to show games on a certain date or day of the week using the search filters on the left side of the page.
- After pressing the "Tickets" link on the matchup of your choice, you will then be directed to our full selection of Bucks tickets as soon as you select a contest on the schedule. Utilize.
Milwaukee Bucks Ticket Prices
How Much Do Milwaukee Bucks Tickets Cost?
No matter what you're looking to spend, Vivid Seats has tickets to fit your budget. Currently, Bucks tickets at Vivid Seats sare not available.
Cheapest Milwaukee Bucks Tickets
There are always great deals to be found at Vivid Seats. Prices will fluctuate based on many factors such as inventory and demand, so be sure to get your cheap Bucks tickets before it’s too late!
How much do Bucks season tickets cost?
Season tickets to see the Bucks vary from year to year. To get a good idea of how much season tickets cost, check our Bucks page in September, when NBA tickets generally become available.
Where can I buy Milwaukee Bucks playoff tickets?
Should the Bucks make the playoffs, tickets will be available for the games soon after they have clinched a playoff spot. Check out our Milwaukee Bucks playoff tickets page for more information and to purchase tickets.
Seating Information
Where do the Milwaukee Bucks play?
The Bucks have played at the BMO Harris Bradley Center in Milwaukee, Wis. since 1998. To view a seating chart of the Wisconsin Entertainment and Sports Center, check the above event pages.
Milwaukee Bucks 2018 Schedule
For more information on when the BucksMudah.my.Sdn. Bhd. ("Mudah") Mudah.my, all its official Android / iOS app and all related sub-sites ("Site") unless you choose to provide that information to us.
We may also collection information that personally identifies you if you choose to submit your personal information for the various purposes made available on our Site. We will then serve you with a personal data protection notice ("Notice") to confirm your consent and notify you on our processing of your personal information. The processing of your personal information will be done in accordance with all applicable laws.
Any information we collection from you may be used in any of the following ways:
Mudah may disclose your personal information to the following parties (including those overseas) for the purposes stated above: dpo@mudah.my. Any request to access or correct personal information may be subject to a fee and will be bound by data protection laws in Malaysia.
Mudah.NOTE: Contributions may now be made online via secure PayPal processing. Personal contributions only, per Kentucky law. Support the PAC today!
Chairman
Tony Kleyer, AIA
502-609-4306
Treasurer
Daniel Ware, AIA
859-231-7538
Board Members
Thomas E. Lett, AIA
Alvin J. Cox, AIA
Thomas G. Fernandez, AIA
H. Carleton Godsey, FAIA
Joe Jones, AIA
David R. Proffitt, AIA
Jack C. Stewart, AIA
Administrator
Greg Brotzge
502-819-6780
The KSA PAC informs and educates state legislators about issues affecting architects and Kentucky architecture..
The PAC supports the best candidates in the General Assembly..
The PAC raises funds with which to support candidates, conduct research, and disseminate information to legislators..
The Importance of a Political Action Committee.
What is a Political Action Committee?
A political action committee, or PAC, is the most effective political tools available to AIA components. PACs allow AIA members..
What are some of the reasons that a PAC is important to components and AIA members?.
How are PAC funds used and what purpose do PAC disbursements serve?
PAC contributions are made fundamentally for three reasons:.
Is a PAC really necessary?
The fact is, political campaigns are expensive, and candidates need and often expect financial support from their allies. Public policy is a competitive process and if architects want to have a strong voice in government, they have to participate in all aspects of the system.
What are the objectives of a state PAC?
Primarily a state PAC has the following 4 goals:, former Director of State and Local Affairs for The American Institute of Architects.)Michigan DNR Customer Service Centers
There are 12 full-service customer service centers around the state. These customer service centers are open to the public Monday through Friday 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., and staff there is ready to help customers who want to buy a license, ask a question, learn about seasonal regulations, invite the DNR to participate in a school or community program, or simply learn more about Michigan's terrific outdoor recreation opportunities.
DNR customer service center contact information is available below the map.
Printable map with contact information click here.
Region 1
Counties included in Region 1:
Alger, Baraga, Chippewa, Delta, Dickinson, Gogebic, Houghton, Iron, Keweenaw, Luce, Mackinac, Marquette, Menominee, Ontonagon, and, Schoolcraft.
Region 1 Customer Service Centers:
Baraga Customer Service Center
427 US-41 North
Baraga, MI 49908
906-353-6651
Escanaba Customer Service Center
6833 US-2, 41 & M-35
Gladstone, MI 49837
906-786-2351
Marquette Customer Service Center
1990 US-41 South
Marquette, MI 49855
906-228-6561
Newberry Customer Service Center
5100 State Highway M-123
Newberry MI 49868
906-293-5131
Region 2
Counties included in Region 2:
Antrim, Benzie, Charlevoix, Emmet, Grand Traverse, Kalkaska, Leelanau, Manistee, Missaukee, and, Wexford.
Region 2 Customer Service Centers:
Cadillac Customer Service Center
8015 Mackinaw Trail
Cadillac, MI 49601
231-775-9727
Traverse City CSC
2122 South M-37
Traverse City, MI 49685
231-922-5280
Region 3
Counties included in Region 3:
Alcona, Alpena, Cheboygan, Crawford, Iosco, Montmorency, Ogemaw, Oscoda, Otsego, Presque Isle, and, Roscommon.
Region 3 Customer Service Center:
Gaylord Customer Service Center
1732 West M-32
Gaylord, MI 49735
989-732-3541
Roscommon Customer Service Center
8717 N. Roscommon Road
Roscommon, MI 48653
989-275-5151
Regions 4a, 4b & 8
Counties included in Region 4a:
Lake, Mason, Mecosta, Newaygo, Oceana, and Osceola.
Counties included in Region 4b:
Allegan, Barry, Ionia, Kent, Montcalm, Muskegon, and Ottawa.
Counties included in Region 8:
Berrien, Branch, Calhoun, Cass, Kalamazoo, Saint Joseph, and Van Buren.
Region 4a, 4b & 8 Customer Service Center:
Plainwell Customer Service Center
621 North 10th Street
Plainwell, MI 49080
269-685-6851
Regions 5, 6 & 7
Counties included in Region 5:
Arenac, Bay, Clare, Gladwin, Gratiot, Isabella, Midland, and Saginaw.
Counties included in Region 6:
Genesee, Huron, Lapeer, Saint Clair, Sanilac, Shiawassee, and Tuscola.
Counties included in Region 7:
Clinton, Eaton, and Ingham.
Region 5, 6 & 7 Customer Service Centers:
Bay City Customer Service Center
3580 State Park Drive
Bay City, MI 48706
989-684-9141
Lansing Customer Service Center
4166 Legacy Pkwy
Lansing, MI 48911
517-284-4720
Regions 9 & 10
Counties included in Region 9:
Hillsdale, Jackson, Lenawee, Livingston, Monroe, and Washtenaw.
Counties included in Region 10:
Macomb, Oakland, and Wayne.
Region 9 & 10 Customer Service Center:
Detroit Customer Service Center
1801 Atwater Street
Detroit, MI 48207
313-396-6890Today I bought 1.3 engine including transmission, axle, all related sensors etc to inspect. My mechanic & electrician are now checking this machine as well as electric part. The purchase cost is 70K.
Good thing what about old engineAnd transmission
Still in the Car, Actually my mechanic self import it from Japan tested it, and said it is Okay after testing. It is with its original exhaust & axles, we are waiting for weekend to swap.
Do check gear box oil pump bearing. Actually i bought gear for my 1KR-FE. The engine from which the gearbox was opened was in pristine condition but its oil pump bearing was bad (whizzing sound after driving car for about 2 3 KM) and like after running for a day or two the gear refused to change ratios it would just stick to one ratio. Took the car back gearbox was found to be faulty. Got replaced by another kabli one and its working like a charm.
Do open up the chamber of gearbox and check for dents. The chamber have some magnets and while transporting the chamber may have get some dents which would displace the magnets and might affect the transmission. My one had some dents so also got that replaced.
Note: 1300cc (2SZ-FE) and 1000cc(1KR-FE) share same gearbox. Am currently using one opened from 2SZ-FE with 1KR-FE.
70K is the perfect price (Y) .
One question like what will you do with registration. Change engine and displacement on documents? What about one time tax for cars under 1000cc.
Purchased from atta wali I think. What about old engine why did you you not go for rebuild job and take a risk of higher swap.
No direct from Japan, old engine is still with me, original parts of old engine are too expensive checked from Lahore, pindi markets.
Yes you are right that's why I kept my old engine and transmission with me for the drive of 5K of new engine
They are not that expensive but bro you are confused. Ok get it swapped but if some thing seems unusual contact me I will help you to resolve your parts and pricongs problem. Which engine you had purchased SZ or NZ series
That is 2sz fe, thanks for your help, PM me your number I will contact you in case of any issue
Ok but you need to figure out the CAt condition.
Ya it is with original CAT, we completely examine it, it is clean and clear.
Mind Sharing How He Able To Get It Imported From Japan And Cleared From Customs In 70k?
I Guess There's No Proper Channel Allowing Importing Used Engines For Cars
Proper Way Of Inspecting Engine Itself Is Compression Test
Compression test is fine. Values will be shared soon.
Engines can be purchased via auctions and then imported.
I think he imported other engines too i.e a container so the duty on an engine was reduced. 70K is perfect. In Bilal Gunj the whole thing is available for like 70 to 78K. Can't figure out why 2SZ-FE engine and all is cheaper i.e 1KR-FE engine gearbox with all accessories price in Bilal Gunj is about a whopping 90k to 100k.
Yes Jugaar Import Of Sealed Container Is Possible As There's No Proper Allowance Of Used Engines Import....
Reason 2SZ Being Cheaper Is Because 1.0L Engines Are More In Demand Due To Major 1.0L Cars ...Assembly Change And You Are Good To Go..Thats Why It Sells Expensive....
2SZ Is Cheaper Because Of Low Demand And If You Swap...You Need To Do Alot Of Work Than Just Changing Assembly Block Head!
Keep the good work going just workout the whole swap job on papers for better trouble shooting or you will end up on low milage and less economical vehicle.
Any updates about the swap ???
Yes, inspecting done, swap done with original jack to jack fitting use original hose pipes with the help of wiring and other systems diagrams. Not use even a single local nut, bolt.Only wiring took 10 hrs, engine swap 3 days. Each and every sensor work properly. Driven 1500 Kms after swap on motorway and muree. Checked oil it is in its original colour no oil reductions noted.
Good to know that you are satisfiedForgot your password?
Don't have an account? Get Started
Only show results in Virginia? Ok
Related terms for "landfill gas leak ":
landfill companies
, gas leak companies
, landfill gas).
ION Science is a leading UK manufacturer of technologically advanced PID sensors, VOC gas detectors, leak detectors, mercury and corrosion monitors, distributed worldwide.
based in Fowlmere,Demand for public healthcare growing has attempted to reduce its health spending over the past two years and is aiming to cut its medicines bill by 1 billion euros this year alone.
The increase in the number of people turning to state hospitals is helping raise some revenues, however, as outpatients have to pay 5 euros per visit for first-come-first-serve during early hours and between 45 and 90 euros for appointments in the afternoon.Gadsden Country Club first opened in 1968. Click here is see full Grand Opening article from the Gadsden County Times, April 25, 1968
Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to view article. Click here to down load
Acrobat Reader.
About
History and Fun Facts
- The Gadsden County Country Club (currently known as the Golf Club of Quincy) opened for business in the Spring of 1968. It took 3 years of hard work to prepare for this opening. Some of the people involved with this effort included: George Bates, Ernest Bietenholz, John Clark, Arthur Corry, Dick D'Alemberte, Bill Dodson, Ben Duncan, Sr., Joe Duys, Howard Fletcher, Carl Fowler, Jack Harnett, Pat Higdon, George E. Johnson, W.D. Lines, Bill Malone, Lamar Munroe, Jr., Ralph Perkins, Bob Smith, John Allen Smith, Joe Spitz, Pat Suber, Forrest Taylor, Earl Willis and many others.
- The golf course was designed by Joe Lee.
- The first golf professional was Ronnie Laffoon and his assistants were Johnnie Milan and Carl Rudio.
- The first hole-in-one was made by Alex McMillan.
Image from Gadsden County Times, April 25, 1968, Gadsden Country Club Grand OpeningTips For Finding Professional Photo Printing In Maine
From digital photography to those still using film, producing a quality print of a photo is important for artists selling their work or for people that just want to remember something special.
Locating a professional photo printing service in Maine \ able to consistently provide quality images time and time again is a true find. Obviously, it is important for an artist trying to sell his or her work, but it is equally important for newlyweds, those celebrating birthdays, someone taking pictures of their friends or family or someone that just enjoys capturing the beauty of nature.
When looking for a professional photo printing service, there are specific questions or factors that you should keep in mind. By focusing in on what you can expect from the company, you will be able to find a company you can trust for all your photography prints now and into the future.
Quality of Work
The single biggest deciding factor in choosing a professional photo printing service really boils down to the quality of the prints they produce. There are definite differences in color, the crispness of the image and the overall look of the photograph. Often labs will do better with color images or black and white. Some labs or printing services also tend to have different paper they use that can make an image more or less appealing to some photographers.
In-House vs. Outsourced
Not all companies in Maine offering photo printing area actually doing it in-house. Simply asking if the photo printing is done in the particular facility or if it sent out may help in eliminating some of the services from your list.
Services Offered
Finally, consider the services offered by the company. Some offer full custom framing, photo cards, albums and even canvas prints of your photos, all which can be time and cost saving over having to work with multiple services.
Comparing different companies by reviewing their websites and given them a call before placing your order is a simple way to find the service that offers just what you need.Shawnee Hills Senior Living
6335 Maurer Road Shawnee KS 66217
for a local advisor
(22)Add a review.
Shawnee Hills Senior Living Reviews
Lovely place. The one to beat. If we had had more money-my parents would love living there.
- Beautiful Community
This is a beautiful community. My mom had previously lived here, and we had thought of bringing her back after her stay in the hospital, but we needed more of an assisted living community. The staff is very...
- See all 22 community reviewsPleased with My Move
Everything is working out very well for me with my move to this community. Everything has worked out well, and I'am comfortable with my move here. The staff is very nice, and helpful when needed. They.Biology Tutors in Poquoson, VA
Find Private & Affordable Biology Tutoring in the Poquoson Area!
Rochester College - BS, Psychology , Virginia State University - Post Bachelor Certificate, Dietetics
Old Dominion University - BS, biology
Old Dominion University - BS, Electrical Engineer
Virginia Commonwealth University - B.S, Biology , Virginia Commonwealth University - M.T, Secondary Science Teaching
George Washington University - Bachelors, Biology , Hampton University - Current Grad Student, Medical Science
Virginia Commonwealth University - BS, Interdisciplinary Science , Western Governors University - Certificate, Science Education
University at Buffalo - Bachelors, Neurobiology, Psychology
University North Carolina at Greensboro - Bachelors, Biology , Cambridge College - Masters, Special Education
Old Dominion Univerity - BS, Physics
University of Virginia-Main Campus - , Chemistry and Spanish , University of California-Berkeley - , Chemistry
Virginia Tech - BS, Biological Sciences , James Madison University - MS, Biology
Ω IB Diploma recipient, Hampton High School (2008) Ω Bachelor of Arts, Classical Studies, Hampden-Sydney College (2012)
Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) - BS, Mathematics, Biology 2012 -Bio-statistical modeling and Mathematics. Beijing Forestry...
Christopher Newport University. Junior English major with a concentration in Writing.Welcome to AbleData! We are the premier database for unbiased, comprehensive information on products, solutions and resources to improve productivity and ease life’s tasks.
"Wh" Question Blast Off Game helps individuals ask questions and learn social skills. This game can be played by individuals with ADHD, Autism, and learning disabilities. Players answer "Wh" questions, they launch their space rockets into space to reach the
The 100 Hoops Basketball Counting Game is an educational game designed for use by children with cognitive or learning disabilities or eye-hand coordination disabilities.
120 Pronoun Fill-In Fun helps students learn the proper use of subjective, objective, possessive, and reflexive pronouns. This product can be used by individuals with ADHD, ADD, Autism, and learning disabilities.
Abstract Categories is a game for children with disabilities who have trouble with communication that teaches abstract thinking and sorting by category.
This All About Apples Learning Pack is a pack of learning tools with more than 20 apple themed activities designed for teachers of children with Autism to implement into their curriculum, encourage math skills, teamwork, memory, and sorting activities. It i
A board game that is meant to be played by children (3rd grade and higher)who have Autism or cognitive impairment, so that they may practice math skills while learning responsible money management skills, as players practice earning, spending, and saving mo
DO IT YOURSELF PURPOSE: To teach braille letter recognition to pre-readers.
ASL Animal Bingo- Birds and Ocean is an educational bingo game designed for the deaf and those learning American Sign Language (ASL) in English or Spanish.
Blunders™ is a board game designed for children ages 5 and up who would benefit from learning polite behavior in an informal setting by identifying rude behavior from polite behavior, while learning appropriate responses to situations and scenarios.
Body Keyboarding is an educational game designed to teach the computer keyboard layout to children cognitive or physical disabilities.
The Button Sensory Bottle is a homemade sensory bottle used for fine and gross motor play, as well as education, for children to develop these skills through sensory integration.
Click and Create Articulation Board Games Software, model N59-9, is speech remediation game software designed for use by speech therapists to create board games for children with speech disabilities.
The Communicate Junior Game is a game for individuals with autism or learning disabilities to help practice important social skills while enriching communication and language. Players earn tokens by answering lower to higher level questions about 12 importa
Computer Fingers is an educational game program designed for use by children who are deaf or hard of hearing. The games enhance vocabulary and teach fingerspelling and phonics skills.
DISCONTINUED. (Verified 09/2013) RETAINED IN DATABASE FOR REFERENCE. Count to the Beat Elmo, model 3917, is a touch activated toy designed for use by children with upper extremity, severe physical, or cognitive disabilities.
Cue That Word! is a cued speech auditory-visual sign language training program designed for use by individuals who are deaf or hard of hearing.
Adapted Connect Four is an adapted version of Connect Four designed for visually impaired students to have a chance to practice matching, tactile discrimination, directionalty, spatial orientation, and counting skills while enjoying a recreational activity
The Multi-Sensory Color Wheel Game can be used to teach kids with limited vision colors. The game includes a spin board with different colors as well as clothespins that correlate with the board.
PVC Stimulation Beads is an activity that is designed for sensory play. This product is intended to be used by children with autism spectrum disorder and sensory processing disorder.
Double Dice Set: A Die Inside of a Die - Set of Eight is a set of eight clear plastic dice designed for use by students ages 7 and up with special needs in a classroom setting to practice math skills by adding, subtracting, multiplying, and dividing the num
Connect with us for the latest news onCan it be August already? I hope you are all enjoying a wonderful summer!
A couple of weeks ago, we hosted our Gourmet Group of 5 couples. It's always a challenge to come up with a delicious and unique menu from year to year as everyone loves to cook and the menus are always top-notch. The host and hostess send each couple the entire menu with recipes. Each couple is assigned one recipe to prepare and bring to the dinner and the host and hostess provide the main course, a side dish and all the wine and beverages.
After the first course, which was a refreshing Spanish almond, cucumber and grape gazpacho, this delightful salad was served. Not too difficult to prepare, it was not only delicious but the baby romaine, or Little Gem lettuce, looked adorable on the plate. The creamy pistachio dressing, toasted pistachios and sliced radishes added even more crunch and was a delightful combination of flavors.
So what else have I been doing since my last post? Hosting our three grandsons numerous times for swimming and overnights...
Celebrating our anniversary at a wonderful seafood restaurant on the lakefront in downtown Milwaukee. It was a lovely summer evening on the patio with a view to the west of the Calatrava-designed Milwaukee Art Museum and, to the east, of the inner Lake Michigan harbor...
And, of course, I've been enjoying my garden and all the sunny yellow blooms this year :)
Baby Romaine Salad with Creamy Pistachio Dressing
Serves 4
For the Vinaigrette:
3 teaspoons minced shallot
1 tablespoon plus 2 teaspoons white wine vinegar
1-1/4 teaspoons salt
3/4 cup raw, unsalted shelled pistachios (regular salted, shelled pistachios work fine but cut back on additional salt)
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
1-1/4 teaspoons lemon juice
1/3 cup aioli (mix 1/3 cup mayonnaise with 1 minced garlic clove and 1-1/2 tsp lemon juice)
3 tablespoons pistachio oil (optional)
1/3 cup crème fraiche or sour cream
1-1/2 teaspoons minced tarragon
3 teaspoons minced chives
3 teaspoons minced flat-leaf parsley
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon sugar
To make the vinaigrette:
Preheat the oven to 325F. Place the shallot in a small mixing bowl, cover with the vinegar. Add 1/2 teaspoon of the salt and set aside to macerate for about 10 minutes.
Spread the pistachios on a small baking sheet and bake until lightly toasted, 3 to 4 minutes. Roughly chop the pistachios and divide them into two batches of 1/2 cup and 1/4 cup. Set aside.
In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the macerated shallot and its liquid, the remaining 3/4 teaspoon salt, the lemon zest and juice, the aioli, the pistachio oil, and the crème fraiche or sour cream.
At this point, the salad can be refrigerated until ready to use.
Before serving, add the minced herbs and whisk again. Taste and season with pepper and sugar, if necessary.
For the Salad:
2 large or 4 small heads Little Gem Lettuce (regular romaine would also work using the pale, inner head)
2 radishes
Flaky finishing salt
Freshly ground black pepper
To make the Salad:
Trim off the base of each lettuce leaving the head intact. Cut each head of lettuce in half vertically and place in a large bowl of water to clean thoroughly. Drain on paper towels and spin out any remaining water in a salad spinner.
Slice the radishes thinly and place in a bowl of ice water. Store in refrigerator. Dry well with paper toweling before serving.
To serve, stir 1/2 cup of the chopped pistachios into the vinaigrette. Arrange lettuces on plates and spoon the vinaigrette equally over each lettuce half. Top with the radish slices, remaining chopped pistachios. Add a sprinkle of flaky sea salt and some freshly ground pepper and serve.
Adapted from Taste and Technique by Naomi Pomeroy.
I!I posted about the Kia ED previously, which was also shown as the cee’d concept at the Geneva Motor Show earlier this year. Kia has announced that the production car based on the same concepts will also be called the Kia cee’d, pronounced “seed”. The car will go on sale in the European market in December 2006 and will be Kia’s latest contender in the European C-segment.
The Kia cee’d was conceived in Europe, is made in Kia’s European Slovakia facility and will be sold exclusively in Europe. The “CE” in cee’d symbolizes the European community, while the “ED” indicates it is an European Design. cee’d, pronounced as seed, represents Kia’s seed for growth in European sales beginning from the introduction of this car.
More photos after the jump, and for more detials on the car check out the related posts.
Related Posts:
Kia ED exclusively for Europe
All 23 Comments
quite a nice car… an the name sounds ok too! CE+ED = so much better than ED!
yeah, most men wouldn't want to be associated with ED!
look like neo from behind
looks better than the Rio… n nice simple dashboard there…
Farina, I think if Proton made the Neo as a 5-door hatch, it might definitely resemble something like this too.
Why Kia just want to sell it in Europe? It's a good looking car. Somehow, it still has the Korean feelings in the overall design despite the "European Design" especially from the rear-side view. Perhaps they should redesign the rear. It looks so cheap! Did I see the new Kia Rio's back? Maybe it's just me.
da white colour seats feel luxury .
Sporty design, how Savvy want to fight with this kind of car in UK? Plus Clio II, Daihatsu Sirion (MyVi), etc, etc, …….
looks slightly like the current Rio
Yeah, I also agree it looked slightly like the current Rio.
This is actually really nice. The interior looks very inviting and comfortable. Way to go Kia, European designs rock. If I am not mistaken, Kia recently acquired a famous European designer for their cars. Can't seem to place his name.
I would say the design is really neat. The curves is smooth and continuous, making it very sporty.
can actually pass of as a toyota … reminds me of toyota verso, take a look:
at ""
Damn Koreans.
still the same comment… looks like Kia is discriminating the asian auto industry… ridculous move to give euro fellows an exclusive car…
dont worry, they come out with a similar one for asian market if its successful. they just want to give some exclusivity to get people to buy it. though kia itself is pretty exclusive already. cheap and nasty. and not cheerful.
Imagine going to a pub in Leeds and telling your mates: : " I drive a Ceed" ….
"cbljkkj said,
August 15, 2006 @ 2:52 am
This is actually really nice. The interior looks very inviting and comfortable. Way to go Kia, European designs rock. If I am not mistaken, Kia recently acquired a famous European designer for their cars. Canâ€™t seem to place his name."
is it pininfarina?
NAZA one day will assemble their version hopefully….
#
OtakOtak said,
August 14, 2006 @ 10:14 pm
Sporty design, how Savvy want to fight with this kind of car in UK? Plus Clio II, Daihatsu Sirion (MyVi), etc, etc, â€¦â€¦./
Only shallow people post this kind of dumb commentsThe Entergy case, which is now before the Supreme Court, involves EPA regulation of power plant’s cooling systems. This is an important environmental issue because the cheapest systems kill acquatic life in the front-end intake process and then raise the temperature of water bodies in the back-end discharge. More broadly, the case raises questions about whether EPA can reinterpret the Clean Water Act to convert the statute’s mandated technology-based standards into an open-ended cost-benefity analysis. A group of law professors, including some contributors to the blog, have filed an amicus brief arguing that Congress made a clear and appropriate decision to use technology mandates and that the CWA does not contemplate the use of cost-benefit analysis instead. The amicus brief is available here.
Observers say that the oral argument in the case did not go well for the environmental side. If EPA does win, hopefully it will be on narrow grounds that don’t threaten the overall integrity of the statute.
February 24, 2009 at 9:14 am
Jon Wiener
“Cost-benefity” seems like an accurate description of EPA’s efforts in this arena.
February 26, 2009 at 10:27 am
reverse osmosis
that is really nice article to make it familiar to me thnks.Extended Warranty Buying Guide
Extended Warranty Buying Guide from Overstock.com. Our guides provide customers with information about extended warranties.
ITEM#: 16170532Kids will appreciate the comfortable support of the youth kayak backrest. This backrest is compatible with the Lifetime Youth Kayak and is a rigid, high-density 1/2-inch foam backrest with wide nylon straps that are fully adjustable. The pad is 19 inches in length with a 7-inch height. The backrest is designed with plastic clips at each end which clip to the attachment loops on either side of the kayak. There are no attachments to keep the backrest in place behind the seat. The backrest stays in place simply by the positioning of the rider on the seat..
Lifetime Youth Kayak Backrest
Today $36.99VICTORIA, B.C. – With the government announcing today changes of the curriculum in B.C., the BC Teachers Federation is supportive of the changes, but also says more improvements are needed.
“BC teachers and the Federation are generally supportive of the revised curriculum as a whole and the changes to the graduation program,” said Iker. “For some time now, the BCTF has recommended the elimination of provincial exams, so this is a welcome move by government. For many students, provincial exams created significant barriers and took time away from actual learning. Over the years, provincial exams have tended to narrow the curriculum, force teachers to focus on content instead of skills and processes, and had a negative impact on students’ motivation.”
Iker says that the BCTF had many members involved in the revision process. He outlined the concerns of the revision, saying that short timelines and insufficient funding could be a downfall for the implantation of the new curriculum.
He also pointed to a reoccurring issue between the government and the BCTF. Cutbacks and under funding. Iker says that this is also another danger, saying teachers need smaller classrooms and more support for children with special needs.
“The crisis in education funding has lead to over 250 school closures, increased class sizes, worsening class composition, and cuts to specialist teachers like teacher counsellors, resource teachers, and special education teachers,” said Iker. “If BC wants to fully realize this revised curriculum, our students need smaller classes, more support for children with special needs, and more time with specialist teachers.”[Update on 4 January 2018 – Yang Se Jong’s Fan Meeting in Singapore has been postponed to a later date due to an unforeseen development of certain local issues. Full statement (source) from organiser below.]
Up and coming actor Yang Se Jong will be meeting Singapore fans for the first time at his solo Fan Meeting in Singapore on 26 January 2018. The actor made his debut in 2016 with hit drama ‘Romantic Doctor, Teacher Kim‘, playing the role of Yoo Yeon-seok’s rival (Do In-beom) and quickly gained attention for his good acting skills and looks.
Yang Se Jong also starred in ‘Saimdang, Light’s Fairy‘ and ‘Duel‘, and scored his first lead role as On Jung-seon in his latest drama ‘Temperature of Love‘. Come 26 January, fans can look forward to getting up-close and personal with the heartthrob at his upcoming Fan Meeting, where the actor will be giving out high-fives to all ticket holders.
Details of Yang Se Jong First Love 2018 Fan Meeting in Singapore
Date: January 26th, 2018 (Fri)
Venue: Resorts World Theatre™, Resorts World Sentosa
Time: 7:30pm
Ticket Pricing: (Exclude booking fee)
Cat 1 S$198 / Cat 2 $168
All tickets are slated to go on sale on 26 December 2017, 10am via APACTIX website, hotline (+65 3158 8588), Singapore Indoor Stadium Box Office, The Star Theatre Box Office and islandwide SingPost outlets.
Stay tuned to us for more exclusive updates on the above event!
Yang Se Jong First Love 2018 Fan Meeting in Singapore is organised by StarSpeed Entertainment.
Stay Connected to our Channels:
Website:
Twitter:
Instagram:
Youtube:Global Switch Singapore joins its Sydney counterpart on the Superloop
Global Switch, one of the leading large-scale, carrier-neutral, multi-tenanted data centre providers across Europe and Asia-Pacific has announced that customers in its Singapore facility are now able to connect to the brand new, state-of-the-art, dark fibre network operated by Superloop (ASX:SLC), Singapore's newest independent dark fibre wholesale provider. Superloop is already available at Global Switch's data centre campus in Sydney.
Superloop's core fibre optic network will span upwards of 120 kilometres across Singapore, connecting Global Switch customers to key enterprise buildings, cable landing stations and other regional data centres through a geographically diverse network, called a Superloop. In addition, customers will be able to connect through a single point-to-point or diverse pair of services.
"Superloop is already an important part of the connectivity ecosystem at our Sydney data centre campus and we are delighted to see them bring their expertise and networking knowledge to Singapore", said Eric Formosa Global Switch's Regional Connectivity Director, Asia-Pacific. "The availability of dark fibre is not only important to the large carriers but provides the security, scalability and economies that is critical to the business models of the world's largest enterprises, internet companies and cloud service providers."
Superloop's dark fibre network is set to revitalise the landscape for how companies purchase dark fibre and will increase the competitive environment within Singapore. This will give Global Switch's customers increased network flexibility and access to the some of the best dark fibre technology in the industry. Superloop's network design enables Global Switch to deliver the resilience and reliability expectations for customers of it's Singapore data centre - "always connected, always on."
"Superloop is excited that the first customer services have now been deployed into Global Switch Singapore, which is one of the most important data centres in the region. This is a significant milestone and will allow us to continue to deliver Superloop's core network in Singapore." said Daniel Abrahams, Superloop CEO.
Global Switch is a Reuben Brothers company.HOUSTON, Nov. 15, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Lucas Energy, Inc. (NYSE Amex:LEI), an independent oil and gas company (the "Company" or "Lucas"), today announced that Hall Phoenix Energy LLC has acquired the deep rights (Eagle Ford formation and below) in acreage operated by Lucas in Wilson County, Texas. Hall Phoenix Energy, Inc. acquired various working interests (from 50% up to 80%) from a third party joint venture partner of Lucas. The seller sought to raise cash and reduce its capital exposure for the future.
Hall Phoenix Energy, LLC is a privately owned oil and gas company located in the Dallas, Texas area. It is, also, a shareholder in Lucas. The sale did not affect either the shallow rights (Austin Chalk formation and above), nor any of the interests owned by Lucas.
William A. Sawyer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company said, "We are pleased to have another strong, Texas based joint venture partner in the development of our Eagle Ford formation assets." .
“ ”Sections
Metrodome Closes With Little Fan Trouble As Security Wards Off Would-Be Memento Seekers
About 25 fans were reprimanded for trying to take Metrodome seats and banners
The Metrodome held its final game yesterday with the Vikings' win over the Lions, and the facility appeared to lose "only a few small items" to memento seekers, as team security staff and the Minneapolis police "doubled their presence in the 32-year-old building brimming with history" to prevent theft, according to a front-page piece by Andy Greder of the ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS. Minneapolis Police Department spokesperson John Elder said that about 25 fans "were caught trying to steal seats and banners, but they were not arrested," and added that the fans "were caught in the concourse or outside the stadium." Elder said that the seats and banners "were confiscated, and the fans left with nothing more than a reprimand." He added that the Vikings' security staff "increased to about 600 from around 400 and the number of Minneapolis police officers increased to 110 from 60." The Vikings "were able to avoid a repeat of the bedlam" that occurred after the team's final game at Metropolitan Stadium in '81 (ST. PAUL PIONEER PRESS, 12/30).).
L.A. Coliseum Commission Forced To Pay For Trying To Keep USC Lease Negotiations Quiet
The L.A. Memorial Coliseum was "flirting with insolvency, but that didn't stop its government overseers from incurring hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal expenses to keep secret their deliberations on a new long-term lease for the stadium," according to Pringle & Lin II of the L.A. TIMES. The Coliseum Commission for more than a year "fought an open-government lawsuit that challenged the legality of the closed-door talks on USC's lease of the historic venue." The suit also "sought to make records related to the deal public." The commission after "losing the court battle" had to "pay about $415,000 in legal expenses incurred by the plaintiffs in the case." Experts said that the award, "paid last week, is one of the largest ever granted under the state's transparency statutes." The commission also was "forced to give The Times hundreds of pages of Coliseum emails." The e-mails show interim Coliseum Commission GM John Sandbrook "granting nearly every wish USC had for the negotiations and then helping the university build and maintain political support for the lease." Some of the e-mails the government "sought to keep under wraps show that the stadium officials and USC collaborated in securing backing for the lease in City Hall and Sacramento." As the lease talks progressed, Sandbrook also "tipped off USC negotiator Kristina Raspe to potential missteps that could hurt USC's position" (L.A. TIMES, 12/28).Administrative Law
From our private database of 13,300+ case briefs...
Heckler v. Campbell
United States Supreme Court
461 U.S. 458 (1983)
Facts
Carmen Campbell applied for disability benefits because a bad back and hypertension prevented her from doing her job as a hotel maid. Campbell was 52 years old, had limited education, and had difficulty speaking and writing English. Campbell could read and understand English well. Campbell’s application for disability benefits was denied, and she requested a hearing, as permitted by regulations, before an administrative law judge (ALJ) of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). The ALJ determined that her back injury was not severe enough to render her disabled, and then considered whether she had the ability to perform less strenuous jobs. The ALJ concluded that Campbell retained the ability to do light physical work. Relying on medical-vocational guidelines issued by HHS, the ALJ determined that a significant number of jobs existed that a person of Campbell’s age and ability could perform. Accordingly the ALJ concluded that Campbell was not disabled. Campbell appealed and the decision was affirmed by the Social Security Appeals Council and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit reversed. It held that the medical-vocational guidelines did not provide the specific evidence of alternative occupations that would be available to Campbell. It also held that because of the reliance on the guidelines, Campbell was deprived of the opportunity to provide evidence that she cannot perform the types of jobs noticed by the guidelines. HHS appealed. The Supreme Court granted certiorari to resolve a conflict among the circuits..This slick unit can be used for bottling both still and sparkling wine. The filler has a tapered fitting that accommod.Material : Mango Wood
Dimension : 29 X 9 X 49 in cms
made out of Mango Wood The finish on this unique tortoise shell is obtained by painstakingly bleaching wood under the hot central Indian sun until it appears to be a pale “bone white” colour. No paint is used on the product, which ensures that the natural feel of wood- its grains and knots, are visible.
ABOUT Forms
FORMS is a 25 year old company that realized the potential of the craftsmen of Central India to make unique, world class, handcrafted items. Designing and manufacturing home decor products for some of the largest retailers in over 60 countries, Forms has a rich experience in Home decor design and trends, and is continuously rated as one of the best firms in India for product design. >> Cheesy Mac and Cheese
We are adding the recipe to your Recipe Box.
The recipe was added to your Recipe Box.
You must be logged in to add a recipe. Login | Register
For a super simple mac and cheese dinner, you have to make this Easy Cheesy Mac and Cheese. This crockpot macaroni and cheese is simmered in a slow cooker and takes little effort to prepare. This slow cooker mac and cheese recipe only requires ingredients such as noodles, Cheddar, and a few other things you likely already have around the house. It's perfect for a weeknight meal, when you don't have time to run to the grocery store. It is easy and fast and requires no preparation. Your family will be thrilled to eat this homemade mac and cheese. Try this recipe soon!
Slow Cooker Time LOW: 3 hr
Tags / Related Topics
Your Recently Viewed Recipes
Images from other cooks
Be the first to upload your own image for this recipe!
Free projects, giveaways, exclusive, partner offers, and more straight to your inbox!
msdeb21
Jul 05, 2017
I am amazed that you can put the elbow mac in uncooked and come up with this cheesy goodness. You can't get much easier than this. It's just as easy as the box of mac and cheese, and it tastes much better. What is that orange powder that comes in the box mix, anyway?!
RachelAnne
Sep 29, 2016
Mac n cheese is literally my favorite food. I've never tried it in the slow cooker before, though. This sounds amazing!
KLC
Apr 29, 2016
The only thing better than mac and cheese is EASY mac and cheese and this fits the bill. YIf you have ExtraBucks to spare, there’s a potential money maker on Halloween candy at CVS this week that I wanted to share before the end of the week.
I was all set to buy Halloween candy at Walmart or Target but this deal ended being a far better deal!
CVS is, by far, my favorite drugstore. Sure, their retail prices on average are higher compared to other drugstores but if you know how to work their sales and use coupons, they end up being much, much cheaper in the end. The trick to shopping at CVS is to only shop the sales, stack manufacturer coupons with CVS coupons, and only buy when CVS is offering ExtraBucks back. I always have ExtraBucks in my wallet that I earned from previous CVS deals and then I roll them over by using them to pay for items that’ll earn more ExtraBucks.
For instance, I had $10 ExtraBucks from a Physicians Formula deal that I took advantage of a few weeks ago and I used them to pay for the candy I bought this week.
The CVS deal this week is 5/$15 on Mars and Hershey’s Snack and Fun sizes with a bonus $5 ExtraBucks back. The CVS coupon machine was spitting out $3 off 3 Reese’s or Kit Kats last week for everyone, so if you’re still holding onto that coupon now’s the time to use it. Also, right now there’s a printable $1 off 2 bags of Mars Snickers/Twix/M&Ms/Milky Way/3 Musketeers and, if you’re a member of SavingStar, there’s a manufacturer’s coupon for $1 off 2 bags of Mars candy that you can load onto your CVS card.
I bought three bags of white chocolate Kit Kat (I love white chocolate!) and two bags of Twix which qualified me for the 5/$15 deal. The CVS coupons for $3 and $1 off were immediately deducted from my total. However, SavingStar reimburses/pays out consumers separately at a later date, like ebates or mrrebates, so any SavingStar savings won’t show up on a receipt.
After handing over my $10 ExtraBucks, my total was $1 plus $1.29 in tax but I’ll get that $1 back from SavingStar eventually, so I really only had to pay tax and I earned $5 in ExtraBucks back. Even better, the cash register printed out another $5 ExtraBucks for me because of qualifying CVS Beauty Club purchases that I’d made previously.
53.4 oz (that’s over 3 lbs) of candy for $1.29? Not too shabby. Come at me, trick or treaters! I’m ready!
Even if you don’t have ExtraBucks on hand, if you use CVS and manufacturer’s coupons the deal is still pretty awesome considering you’ll get $5 ExtraBucks back to spend on whatever you want next time. And if you don’t use SavingStar, there’s also a printable coupon for Mars candy on redplum.com that you can use. Hope that helps!Onondaga County executive to discuss county budget at Sept. 27 TMR
The Sept. 27 session of Thursday Morning Roundtable will feature Joanne Mahoney, Onondaga County executive. Mahoney will discuss the county budget. TMR meets from 8:15-9:15 a.m. at Drumlins, 800 Nottingham Rd.
Elected in November 2007, Mahoney is the first woman to serve as county executive for Onondaga County. She attended the Whitman School, where she received a bachelor of science, and completed law school at SU’s College of Law.
After spending time in private practice, Mahoney accepted a position with the Onondaga County District Attorney’s Office, where she worked for five years as a criminal prosecutor. In 1999, she was elected councilor-at-large in the City of Syracuse, where she served a four-year term.
For further information, contact Sandra Barrett, director of community programs, 315- 443-4846 or visit. The TMR program is broadcast on WCNY-FM, 91.3 on Sundays at 8 p.m. and at.Analysis:.
[Paris] – Saturday evening is usually a pretty busy day at the French capital’s cafés and restaurants, but that’s not what Paris looked like this Saturday evening. There was a high police presence at street corners in the city center, many of the eateries were closed and others were quite empty. The pedestrian traffic on the streets was very light although the weather was warm and pleasant, as the weather in Paris often is in the fall.
I passed by the Stade de France, one of the centers of the terror attacks. The area was brightly lit up, but completely empty.
My taxi driver, a native Algerian, compared the shock in France to the terror attacks in New York 14 years ago. He spoke painfully about the Muslim community, which on one hand is trying to shake off any responsibility or affiliation with terror, and on the other hand is wondering why France of all places and why now.
He protested the fact that France was bombing in Syria: What does France have to do with Syria? Its army should take care of business much closer to home. He asked why France was investing millions in funding the opposition organizations in the civil war in Syria. Why should it care if Syrian President Bashar Assad remains in power there?
I asked him if he was scared. He said he wasn’t afraid personally. I asked if there was no racism in France, anti-Muslim racism. Of course there is racism, he replied, we are all racists. One hates Muslims, another hates Jews. The question is the level of hatred and why it turns into murderous violence.
The tragedy in Paris is so big, the scale of the killing is so difficult, the ramifications are so wide that we tend to forget that this was first and foremost an act of retaliation. France is the only European country bombing in Syria, apart from Russia. Britain avoided doing it because of the opposition in the British Parliament. Canada stopped bombing after Justin Trudeau replaced Stephen Harper as prime minister.
Russia lost a civilian plane full of passengers in the Sinai skies. France was hit in Paris. It seems that the Islamic State, or its extensions, is not as insane as one would think, and is much more dangerous. The fact that in both cases there was likely no early intelligence information should concern every intelligence organization whose government is hostile towards ISIS, from Washington, London, Paris and Berlin, through Moscow, Riyadh and Tehran, to Jerusalem.
After the September 11, 2001 attacks, the US went into a bunker. Some of the steps taken since then were necessary: largely thanks to them, there were no additional attacks in the 14 years that have passed since then. Some of the moves were disastrous, led by the American invasion of Iraq, which aimed to crush Saddam Hussein’s regime but basically collapsed the stability of the entire Middle East. This void was entered by murderous terror organization of the kind that makes the world miss Al-Qa’ida.
The mega-attack in Paris changes, in the very short run, the nature of the international debate over Syria’s future. The West wanted to have it both ways: both to destroy ISIS and to oust Assad’s regime, through minor military intervention and limited aid to the opposition organizations and Kurds.
The events in Paris must change the list of priorities. First of all ISIS, and everything else will have to wait, perhaps even be forgotten. This is good news for Iran, Assad’s patron and the enemy of ISIS. It’s good news for Assad and for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the slightly longer run, Europe will likely take another step to the right. Until Friday, the refugee issue split the European Union leadership in two. The debate focused on humanitarian, demographic, economic, national arguments.
The Paris attacks have imposed the security-related argument on the debate and opened a window to far-reaching moves in the domestic policies of governments, draconian moves. Europe will not only label products in supermarkets; it will label populations. This is bad news for the centrist parties in Western Europe and good news for Marine Le Pen’s National Front in France and its sisters in other countries.
DISCLAIMER: The opinions expressed on this page are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of The Media Line Ltd., it's management, staff, advertisers and sponsors. The Media Line bears no responsibility for opinions and/or information appearing herein.NAMI Family Support Group NAMI Family Support Groups are free, confidential and safe groups of families helping other families who live with mental health challenges by utilizing their collective lived experiences and learned group wisdom. Learn more about NAMI Family Support Group NAMI Arizona — NAMI Valley of the Sun Dates November 1, 2016 First Thursday of every month from 6:00 PM to 7:30 PM Location Mountainview Presbyterian Church8050 E. Mountain View Rd.Scottsdale 85258 Contact Information Debbie Martinez Family Education Coordinator namimaricopaedu@gmail.com (602) 244-8166Marine Electronics
Bourbon,,
MOL Develops Voyage Information Display System
,.
Maritime Cyber Security: The Wrong Formula
>>IMAGE.
SM. Internet-enabled physical objects that can process,,
Eco
Harley Marine Deploys Ruggedized Routers
Cradlepoint’s 4G LTE network solutions connect onboard technology and ship-to-shore communications Harley Marine, like many maritime companies, required a solution for simple, fast and reliable network connectivity to ensure daily tasks such as invoice processing, navigation, marine-mapping and more could be completed seamlessly,
ABB,
UK Partners Launch Autonomous Navigation Project
),
Classification Steps Up to the Digital Challenge: DNV GL
Five
Human Element Key to Digital Formula
To realize the full potential of digitalization, the maritime sector must focus on behavioral change by the human element, argues Transas CEO Frank Coles In all the excitement surrounding the digitalization of shipping it is easy to overlook the human element. Failing to appreciate and understand- Back
About Group
added in the last 7 days
Group Description
This group is for members of the Douglas DNA study project, and those interested in this project. We are trying to link our modern Douglas families with our "Old Douglas" lines by using yDNA tests. Go to for more information. Current results are posted here: To Donate to the FTDNA General Fund follow the link on this page.
>
Click to join douglasDNA
Click to join douglasDNA
Group Settings
- This is a restricted group.
- Attachments are permitted.
- Members cannot hide email address.
- Listed in Yahoo Groups directory.
- Membership requires approval.
- Messages are not moderated.
- All members can post messages.Banbury’s independent shops have been shown in a new light thanks to a Youtube video created by photographer and graphic designer Rosy Burke.
Mrs Burke compiled to video to include shops based in the Market Place and Parsons Street, including Little Amsterdam Deli Cafe, Old Town Deli Cafe and the Artery Art Shop.
The video has been viewed nearly 350 times since it was uploaded earlier this week. To watch the video click on the screen above.Tottenham are back in the Champions League for the first time since the 2010-11 season and to mark the occasion full-back Kyle Walker displayed his vocal ‘talents’ with an attempt at the competition’s famous anthem.
There was one drawback, though, namely that the England international was none too familiar with the words.
Walker managed to fluff his way through the video, which was posted on Tottenham’s official Twitter account, with plenty of humming and blasting out “THE CHAMPIONS” with gusto.
We don’t have rights to use the @ChampionsLeague music so we asked @kylewalker2 to give it a go…pic.twitter.com/ub1TlX16FN
— Tottenham Hotspur (@SpursOfficial) September 14, 2016
But if the 26-year-old ever fancies another crack at taking on the musical challenge, he has been aided by the official Champions League account, which provided a useful tweet with lyrics to the song.
@kylewalker2. FYI…
“la la la” = “Die Meister”
“la la la” = “Die Besten”
“m m m mm” = “Les Grands Equipes”
The CHAMPIONS@SpursOfficial
— Champions League (@ChampionsLeague) September 14, 2016
And who knows, perhaps we will catch a glimpse of Walker proudly blazing out the words when the anthem is played out at Wembley for Tottenham’s Champions League opener against Monaco.
- Soccer News Like
- Be the first of your friends!
Be the First to Comment!Angel of the North Fishing Lakes
Wed 26th Jan 2011 Open Lookout
Conditions: Intermitent rain both heavy and light, snow and hail showers, ambient temp 4 deg feels like 1 deg, wind NNE 12 mph dropping down last half hour to 3 mph, barometer 1016.9 mb, moon phase last qtr, water temp 2.9deg, PH7.59, DO 6 ppm, mv34
1st Alan Mc Guire 35lb 13oz peg 30 all carp plus GP
2nd Graham Skirry 18lb 15oz peh 21
3rd Ricky Bennett 12lb 9oz peg 25
4th Ray Wallace 2lb 13oz peg 27
Rest DNW
Sunday 30th Jan 2011 open Bowes – Frozen and had to break ice
Conditions:- Lakes frozen after Friday evenings severe frost, overnight torrential rain ambient temp 1 deg, Mostly cloudy, wind SW 2 mph, barometer 1023 mb, moon phase waning crescent, water temp dropped to 1.2 deg, Ph 7.48, mv 23, had to break ice and called it a pole only match.
1st Neil Brown 18lb 5oz peg 22
2nd Richard Wildman 11lb peg 21
3rd Steve Mc Court 8lb 5oz peg 32
4th Peter Cairns 5lb 11oz peg 16
5th Peter Smith 5lb 01oz peg 40
6th Anth Richardson 4lb 10oz peg 24
Sunday 30th Jan 2011 Big Waters Lookout – Frozen and had to break ice
Conditions: Lakes frozen after Friday evenings severe frost, overnight torrential rain , Mostly cloudy, ambient temp 1 deg, wind SW 2 mph, barometer 1023 mb, moon phase waning crescent, water temp dropped to 1.1 deg, Ph 7.55, mv 11, had to break ice on pegs being fished.
1st Nigel Beardsley 13lb 4oz peg15
2nd Lee Richardson 10lb 4oz peg 3
3rd Andy Bell 7lb 10oz peg 23
4th Steve Knowles 6lb 1oz Peg 1
5th Dave Hambleton 5lb 13oz peg 5
6th Craig Goodhall 4lb 8oz peg 38
Fishing well when free of ice, perch to good sizes coming out, skimmers, Ide, Orfe, Rudd, and carp all being caught.The Southwestern Historical Quarterly, Volume 99, July 1995 - April, 1996
Hispanic labor in the Southwest, the book's coverage of many mining towns pro-
vides a broad view of events from 1896 to 1918. From an era characterized by
brutal struggles, crushed strikes, and intimidation, Mellinger manages to extract
a hopeful conclusion. Unions may have been bloodied on many occasions, and
factionalism survived in many quarters, but "inclusionists" (p. 202) favoring eth-
nic cooperation finally gained ascendancy in copper mining-camp labor.
His book offers considerable documentation and no equivocation. To his
credit, Mellinger does not hesitate to take strong positions, even when they place
him at odds with other authors in the field. He pursues a careful investigation
encompassing property assessment records, sources on immigration and
employment, and detailed wage differentials to pinpoint the character of the
work force. Well-chosen and -reproduced photographs depict the circumstances
of the workers' lives. Whenever possible, Mellinger traces the career paths of
those in the labor movement. Sometimes conjecture must suffice, as in his sug-
gestion that men defeated in the failed 1913 strike at the American Smelting
and Refining Company smelter in El Paso may have moved on to fight another
day in Arizona mining camps. Mellinger's epiphany arrives in the successful
Clifton-Morenci strike of 1915-1916, when recent Hispanic immigrant workers
were activated by new, committed Western Federation of Miners leaders ready to
accept them as equals. The union disaster at Bisbee, where over a thousand men
were deported in 1917, receives somewhat cursory treatment, and Mellinger
denies that it reversed the inclusionary process underway in the West.
This book will find its primary audience among labor historians. It is not a
sweeping narrative, like Zeese Papanikolas's Buried Unsung (1982). But despite
the unfortunate absence of a bibliography, the historian will find Mellinger's
book a useful reference work.
University of Nevada, Reno SALLY ZANJANI
Politics in the Postwar American West. Edited by Richard Lowitt. (Norman:
University of Oklahoma Press, 1995. Pp. x+400. ISBN 0-8061-2741-4.
$19.95, paper.)
The nineteen prominent historians in this book present an extremely effective
introduction to the political issues, styles, and traditions of the modern West.
Political diversity, growth, personality, water, the environment, and the persis-
tence of colonialism are among its most important themes. Despite the com-
monality of water scarcity and a shared frontier experience, this volume reveals
great western political diversity. To illustrate the range, Jackson Putnam writes of
the liberal vs. conservative ideological politics of California, while Phil Roberts
and Peggy Bieber-Roberts find a non-ideological, personality-dominated politics
in Wyoming. Robert E. Ficken delineates how water was central to Washington
state politics with the building of the Grand Coulee-Columbia River system
dams; Peter Iverson discloses that Indians fought developers over reservation
rights vs. water use in Arizona; William Pratt describes how management defeat-
426/488/?rotate=270: accessed January 16, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, The Portal to Texas History, texashistory.unt.edu; crediting Texas State Historical Association.Snowfall, originally uploaded by Auntie Lola.
A boatload of snow today in Boston. Light and fluffy and drifting, it settled against the doorway in a giant galumph. Oscar took a few trips out to the back porch before deciding that the white stuff wasn't worth it, and finally stopped asking to go outside.
My ex told me once when I was pursuing a divorce that if I went through with it, I'd have to shovel my own snow. As I perused how ridiculous this statement was on so many levels, I tried hard not to laugh. I mean, if getting my snow shoveled is the only reason for me to stay, all the more reason for me to go. If that's your best offer, I'd rather shovel.
So now, when I shovel snow from my walk and my driveway, I think of what he said and I smile. Broadly. Freely. Gleefully. This is my snow, and I'm shoveling it. Yippee!!!The R-9753 compact headliner air conditioner was designed for hard to air condition cabs. Its compact, low profile, heavy duty construction makes this unit the best in its class for OFF-ROAD applications. 12V version available - see model R-9753-1P. AC Only version available - R-9753-0P 12 VDC and R-9753-0-24P 24 VDC.
PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS:
- Red Dot Part No.: R-9753-1-24P
- Jbar Part No.: EE120-1-24R
- Manufacturer: Red Dot
- Model: R-9753
- Application: Off-Road, Construction and Industrial
- Type: Heater-A/C
- Mounting Type: Ceiling
- Refrigerant Type: R134a
- Volts: 24 VDC
- Capacity: Cooling - 17,000 BTU/Hr • Heating - 20,000 BTU/Hr
- Air Flow: 230 CFM (391 m3/h)
- Current Draw: 9 amps at 27 VDC
- Weight: 24 lbs. (11kg)
- Dimensions: See image #2
NOTE: Compressor, Mounting Kit, Installation Kit and other optional items below not included.Autograph musical quotation signed "Percy Grainger," inscribed "Yrs heartily"
Oblong octavo. On an album leaf (ca. 93 x 160 mm). In black ink.
Five measures, being the opening of the Marching Song of Democracy. Notated in treble clef on one hand-drawn staff. In 2/2 time with a key signature of six sharps.
Slightly worn and browned.
"Marching Song of Democracy [composed in 1901, 1908, and 1915, and scored in 1915 and 1916] was inspired by the poetry by Walt Whitman and a chance encounter with a public statue of George Washington at the Paris Exhibition of 1900. Grainger’s original plan was to write the work for voices and whistlers only, and to have it performed by a chorus of men, women, and children singing and whistling to the rhythmic accompaniment of their tramping feet as they marched along in the open air. Later Grainger realised the need for instrumental colour, and this led him to score it for the concert hall – although he did stress that ‘an athletic, out-of-door spirit must be understood to be behind the piece from start to finish’." Presto Classical online.
"Best known for his settings of British folk music, [Grainger] was also an innovative composer of original works and ‘free music’, and an accomplished performer." Malcolm Gillies and David Pear in Grove Music Online. Item #27060
Price: $450.00 other currenciesBREAKING: Senate proposes record low university budget, slashed scholarships
The Senate finance committee revealed a new plan for the university’s budget today, proposing an overall cut of $22 million from the university’s existing operational budget, dropping the state general fund to $303 million, the lowest budget in 10 years and possibly beyond if adjusted for inflation. The fund makes up roughly a third of the university’s total budget.
In addition to the cuts, the committee also proposed a bill that will phase out the Alaska Performance scholarship, which was designed to incentivize Alaska high school students to stay in the state.
According to their new plan, the committee is proposing an additional $5.7 million in reductions, on top of the original $16.3 million cut proposed earlier this year. Prior to this announcement, the senate was proposing a general fund of $309 million.
The newly proposed general fund, if enacted, would result in a $75 million cut to the university’s budget over four years.
“These legislative cuts and the impact they will have on the university are devastating,” wrote UA President Jim Johnsen in a press release published April 3. “Especially after we’ve shown lawmakers that we have a plan to gradually reduce our reliance on state general funds.”
Troy Norred, a senior in the political science department, says this proposal shows the true colors of the legislature.
“Cuts like this say a lot about the priorities in the Alaskan legislature,” Norred said. “It’s a great way to ensure that our universities aren’t competitive and that students go elsewhere to study and develop their careers.”
Johnsen said the university needs more time to implement Strategic Pathways, the plan to create a more streamlined university.
“We are building the kind of university the state needs to meet a changing workforce and our economic future,” Johnsen said.
If senate bill 103 is enacted into law, the Alaska Performance Scholarship would be officially phased out by 2021. Since the scholarship was enacted in 2012 by the legislature under former Gov. Sean Parnell, 14,674 Alaska high school students have qualified for the scholarship. Of those, 5155 have chosen to attend college in Alaska.
“I firmly believe that education is the best investment a government can make for the future,” said Brandon Blum, a senior political science student. “A highly educated populace creates an environment for more job and an overall higher quality of life. The direction the state of Alaska is taking is directly the opposite of this and it is troubling to see this find support.”
University administrators are not the only ones concerned about this proposal, these budget cuts would directly affect university students and faculty as well.
“[These cuts] would reflect yet another round of significant, devastating cuts nearly impossible to absorb given the now multiple years of budget cuts to the UA,” said Alex Hirsch, a political science professor.
The cuts made over the last three years have resulted in the loss of 927 employees and 50 programs, according to Johnsen.
“There is simply no more room for coping with budget deficits through employee attrition,” Hirsch said. “What the Senate is presently proposing, shockingly even worse than the House plan, is a $303 million UA budget. Such a cut would be by all standards not only imprudent, but also deeply morally reprehensible.”
Some students feel like these changes will cause students to no longer want to attend the university.
“I feel like the university has been in an obvious state of decline which is likely due to its shrinking budget,” said Colin McKenzie, a senior studying fisheries. “If I were a prospective student I feel like many of the cuts would act as a deterrent. I also feel very strongly about the university’s contribution to the community by providing educational opportunities to locals. Cutting programs, faculty and resources for students will likely hurt this relationship.”
“Our state already offers so few in state scholarships for our future college students,” said Alisha Drumm, a senior studying English. “Taking the Alaska Performance Scholarship is a step backwards.”
The Board of Regents has called a special meeting to discuss the new budget proposal on April 13.
Perhaps cutting our economics program
to save money to spend on entertainment
did not go over well in Juneau?
Imagine our shock when our son advised us that his engineering class tuition would double this fall! He was so happy to be able to attend UAF for his petroleum engineering studies using the WUE process (in-state +15%. Given that engineering drives much of the enrollment at UAF, it’s a hard hit. Meanwhile, my husband and I are scrambling to pay for the last two years coming up. What I see happening is similar to what happened at UC campuses(none of which offer his major). Foreign students will drive demand because they are willing to pay more and make it more difficult for citizens to get accepted
In an attempt to overcome unprecedented budget gridlock in Springfield, University of Illinois trustees Thursday backed a quid pro quo deal that would secure funding for the university s three campuses.In 2015 the Boston Red Sox signed Pablo Sandoval to a five-year, $95m deal. If you missed out on what happened, well he was terrible. In his first season, he batted .245/.292/.366 with 10 HR (wRC+ 76). Not only was he below average offensively, he was bad defensively. He made a total of 15 errors — in a team that made 97 errors in total — he was responsible for 15% of all defensive mishaps in 76% of the total Red Sox games.
In 2016 it was a very different story. Due to an injury early on in the season, Pablo only managed three games. In those three games and seven plate appearances he hit (or didn’t) .000/.143/.000 with a wRC+ of -56. He also managed to make an error during his three games. The error came in the bottom of the 2nd against the Blue Jays, the Red Sox went on to win 8-4, so it didn’t really matter.
But what if it was different? What if Pablo Sandoval didn’t play in that game and instead John Farrell went with a traffic cone?
Reporter: John, it says on the lineup card “T. Cone” in at third base. Who is that?
Farrell: We’ve decided to go with a traffic cone at third base tonight. We feel gives up better matchups against this Blue Jays lineup.
The reporters all filtered out and probably believed this was a big joke, a bit of a muck-around from Farrell. Surely when they go out to watch batting practice, Sandoval will be there and all this will be laughed off.
Instead the reporters are shocked, sure enough there was a traffic cone in the cage and the batting practice pitcher was tossing balls at it. Players are nodding at the cone, admiring its ability to leave the balls it’s seeing. Few are shocked at the absolute meatballs the cone leaves, but then they realise it’s practicing at working the count and ensuring it gets the ball it wants. After 10 minutes, the cone is done, it’s taken out of the cage and returns to the dugout.
As the game begins, the Red Sox begin hitting at the top of the first inning. Betts grounds out, Pedroia is the only player to get a hit, a single to RF, Bogaerts and Shaw both strike out. Inning over. Surely, this whole traffic cone thing will end now?
It doesn’t, Xander Bogaerts is last out of the dugout brandishing a traffic cone that is sporting a Red Sox cap. Fans are confused, the Blue Jays bench stare at other in disbelief and then rustle through their scouting books to try and find out who this traffic cone is. When they find nothing, they are whispering to each other about how to play this trickery from the Red Sox. Panic starts to spread in the Toronto clubhouse.
Top of the Second
The inning goes without incident for the traffic cone however, the Red Sox find themselves down 2-0 thanks to a Donaldson 2-run homer. Top of the 2nd, the traffic cone is on deck. When Hanley pops out to second base, the traffic cone is placed in the batters box by the bat boy, R.A. Dickey and Josh Thole stare at each other in disbelief. Thole crouches down and instead of giving a sign, he just shrugs his shoulders. Dickey tries to tempt the traffic cone into swinging at his knuckleball early on, sending one roughly down the middle as much as a knuckleball can be sent down the middle.
It drops low, ball one. Dickey, Thole, no-one can believe it. The traffic cone held off perfectly.
Thole throws the ball back, raises his mask and then runs to Dickey. They have a mound visit, Thole is believed to have said:
“I think it’s an actual traffic cone, I don’t think it’s a trick.”
Dickey isn’t sure:
“I’m not sure. Let’s try a knuckleball again.”
Thole nods, runs back to the catchers box, crouches down and awaits the pitch.
A strike this time. Next pitch is a strike, swiftly followed by another strike. The traffic cone didn’t even flinch during those final two pitches. The bat boy steps in, removes the cone and places it back in the dugout. As he’s placing it down, it’s Red Sox hat falls off and knocks over a cup containing sunflower seeds. Jerry Remy says:
“The traffic cone can’t be losing his head this early in the game, it’s only the first inning. I’m not sure Farrell will be impressed with that.”
At the same time, Farrell turns away from the incident, gently shaking his head.
Brock Holt lines out to RF and we go to the bottom of the second.
Bottom of the Second
Goins has a groundout as Darwin Barney strides into the batters box. Little does the crowd know, but the traffic cone (Slightly off the bag thanks to Bogaerts placement) is about to enter the fielding game.
Barney is on a 1-1 count, as the pitch comes in from Porcello, Barney makes contact, it’s heading down the third baseline. The crowd has a large intake of breath, Barney can’t believe he’s hit it right at the traffic cone, the Red Sox players stop in disbelief, it bounces once, twice and…
Hits the cone and rolls onto the floor in front of it. Barney reaches first on an error, Bogaerts scoops up the ball and throws it to Pedroia at second to stop Barney going any further.
Then, the rumblings in the crowd alert the broadcast booth that something is happening in the dugout, it’s Pablo Sandoval. Farrell has seen enough and is taking the traffic cone out of the game and replacing it with Pablo Sandoval. The crowd rise to their feet as Pablo trots out (Not for Pablo), only for Pablo to pickup the traffic cone and return it to the dugout. The players aren’t letting the traffic cone in, they demand it takes a curtain call. Travis Shaw takes the traffic cone from Sandoval, removes its hat and then turns around holding the hat up high. The crowd roar, Remy gets choked up, even grumpy Pedroia wipes a tear from his eye.
The era of the traffic cone in a Red Sox uniform is over.
And you know what, so is this post. It turns out, the traffic cone would have been as effective offensively and defensively as Pablo Sandoval in the 2016 season. It’s a strange world isn’t it?To find out what your strengths are and what you might be most successful at, figure out what it is you love to do and would continue to do even if there were no money in it. For me that means writing. For you, it might mean gardening or cooking or programming a computer.
We are visiting my aunt Lillian this week. She has her hair and nails done every week and is still sharp and feisty at 96. Gives me hope.
Advertisements
Hi! I was surfing and found your blog post… nice! I love your blog. 🙂 Cheers! Sandra. R.
nice
Thanks. If it helps, I’m glad.
Thanks.AIG’s €1 Billion Bond Offering
July 14, 2017
Cleary Gottlieb represented the underwriters, led by Barclays Bank PLC, BNP Paribas, Citigroup Global Markets Limited and HSBC Bank plc, in connection with American International Group, Inc.’s (AIG) offering of an aggregate of €1 billion of senior unsecured fixed-rate notes due 2027.
Founded in 1919, AIG provides a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement products and other financial services to commercial and individual customers in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions.Prepare for a festive celebration unlike any other as eCurve gets all dolled up for the Christmas season! With the year-end holidays just around the corner, shoppers will have the chance to embrace their inner child for some quirky, unique fun thanks to the mall’s Christmas campaign, themed ‘Misty Belle and her BFFs Come to Life’.
From November 25, 2016 to January 1, 2017, eCurve’s Centre Atrium will become home to a group of fun-loving dolls as they come to life just for the Christmas holidays. Don’t miss Misty Belle the Style Goddess and her friends, Victoria Snow the Social Butterfly; Josh Aspen the Fitness Junkie; Dexter Hope the Gadget Geek; and Kandy Kane the Social Foodie, as they put on a high-spirited musical production to share their excitement for the festive occasion with audiences of all ages.
Taking place twice a day on weekends throughout the Christmas campaign, it’s bound to be a lively and energetic show that will have shoppers grooving along to the upbeat tempo and familiar Christmas tunes!
Azizul Hisham Ahmad, Centre Manager of eCurve, said, , or even the cheerful social butterfly. We certainly hope our shoppers will have a good time watching the show!”
To add to the fun, visitors to eCurve will be able to put on their best doll-like impersonations with the five life-sized, one of a kind doll boxes set up around the Centre Atrium. Be sure to take part in the mall’s Instagram contest! To participate, simply follow eCurve’s official account, @eCurve_official, strike a pose with a doll box of choice and upload it to Instagram with the relevant hashtags. A total of twenty-five lucky shoppers with the most creative photos will take home a RM100 cash voucher each! Don’t forget to check eCurve’s Instagram and Facebook every Friday throughout December to discover the five winners of the week.
The Christmas joy doesn’t stop! Throughout the campaign, shoppers who spend a minimum of RM200 in a maximum of two receipts at any outlet in eCurve will be able to redeem an adorable Christmas Cuddly Bear. All redemptions are subject to terms and conditions and while stocks last.
Keen to learn more about eCurve’s Christmas campaign? Contact eCurve’s Customer Care officers at 03-7725 0277 or visit or eCurve Facebook page at.you know when you have one of those days, yep you know what i mean.
ive had a few back to back. my stitching is going wrong. firstly a pair of socks ive been knitting went wrong wiggling lines instead of vs. my wise grandad would say, put whatever your doing down and walk away. so i made my first attempt at having patience and shifted away. then i did a little shirring on the sewing machine, to cut a long story short, the cath kidston top that i bought in brighton, i thought that it was a good idea to make a couple. with clever mum who has knowledge in these things by my side we made one. so i then decided on buying some more fabric, pink with hearts on, dont ask. well the sewing machine bust, on taking it to be repaired i saw a man lying in the rode he had just been knocked off of his motorbike, gave me the shivers. anyway machine fixed, top not going to well, so another walking away episode.
the heat is hot here. my neck is aching from using the sewing machine, my eyes are too. tomorrow theres a summer fete which im going to, hoping i feel well. usually when my symptoms appear i feel a bit of a misery with myself. like nothing is ever going to be right again. im sure things will turn around.
happy weekend.
3 comments:
Wow! You're so clever to make your own clothes. I have a top here I'd love in different fabrics. I can use a sewing machine but no way ever could I make my own pattern.
Your day sounds like a typical one in the life of Steph. Things going completely wrong and stuff breaking. Never mind chick, at least you got the machine fixed. I'd have sat and sulked and you just got it sorted. Yay for you!
Poor guy on the motorbike! Hope he wasn't seriously hurt. I saw a guy slide under a lorry once on the motorway. Not nice to see accidents hun :(
xxx
Ive just borrowed a sewing machine and am today going to start practicing...i want to make a bag first....easy (i think)
It is good though thatyou can walk away....I get to angry and end up blowing a fuse....the sewing machine would go thru the window or Id end up SH'ing.
You are so talanted, knitting, sewing...i wish i could knit!
x x x
hi steph
i should own up, my mothers helping me out alot. ALOT. she used to make her own clothes when we were young so knows stuff about patterns. im so impatient i wouldnt have a clue. x
hi lotte
have fun with the machine. a bag is a good choice to start of with, no fiddly bits which drive me nuts. take a look on you tube if you want to knit some good tutorials. take patience though, but once you got the basics your off. good luck.xWith the first half in the books, the main key point is that Atlanta has to make shots. When the Hawks are making their open looks Brooklyn doesn’t stand a chance. DeMarre Carroll scored 0 points in the half despite a bevy of good looks. I look for him to rebound and have a strong second half. Here is what else we saw:
Jarrett Jack channeling his inner Chris Paul
-The Nets can their only being 3 points behind almost entirely to Jack who poured in 16.
Keep finding Korver!
– Hawks went a four minute stretch in the 2nd quarter without putting the ball in the net, a Korver bomb was able to break that streak and lift the crowd.
Break the Nets spirit.
– A common theme in these Games 2’s has been the team down 1-0 has come out for blood in the second game, each time the home team has been able to step on the road teams throatby the 4th, Hawks should be no different.
Enjoy the rest of the game!Fall Preview of Your Life
Video
I Love Fall
For the truly devoted, autumnal weekend plans go way beyond apple-picking and pumpkin-carving.
Recommended Stories
Daily Shouts
Autumn Should Come with Trigger Warnings for These Things
Pumpkin spice. Also, rants about how everything edible is now pumpkin-spice-flavored.
Daily Shouts
Don’t Stop, Be Leafing
Admire our region’s leaves, aflame with vivid purples, oranges, and reds—just like the bruises I sustained when I fell off my roof.
Fiction
“Cat Person”
“It was a terrible kiss, shockingly bad; Margot had trouble believing that a grown man could possibly be so bad at kissing.”
Letter from CalabriaThe overarching message of a conference I attended several months ago was well summed up by this quote used by the organization Give a Child a Family, based in South Africa:
“Every child deserves to have an adult who is crazy about them.”
Realistically this is saying that a child needs and deserves to have a primary care taker to truly develop and grow healthily. Personally, I have believed this since Karyn and I participated in Youth With A Mission’s Children at Risk School in 2006 where we were enlightened to the fact that this is God’s original intent for every child. Since 2006 our challenge has been to determine how we can and will implement this understanding within the work of The Forsaken Children and its partner project Children’s Home Ethiopia.
The challenge comes when you consider the vast amounts of children in our world who are for some reason or another not in a family. Some of the reasons include: poverty, abandonment, illness, war, and child parents. Whatever the reason for the epidemic of family-less children, many of us need to evaluate or reevaluate our response to this problem, especially in Africa.
Some of the popular responses that are being attempted are orphanages, foster care, and intercountry adoption. There are pros and cons to each of these responses. Many of the pros are easy to discern, which makes each of these approaches popular. The overarching pro to each response is that family-less children are being cared for and in some form or another, given families. Let me just say a little more about each of these responses and in doing so, I hope to provoke you to think critically about your response.
- Orphanages - The problem with institutions such as orphanages is that the children involved don’t really learn how to be a part of a family. Their caregivers are usually paid staff who punch a time clock. Children in most institutions typically lack the primary care giver that is integral to a child’s healthy development. I will say that there are situations, especially in many of Africa’s developing countries, where orphanages are a necessary response, especially until a better alternative can be created.
- Foster Care – I think we have all heard of instances in foster care where children have been mistreated, moved around, or simply ran away. Although these things do occur in foster care, with proper assessments and monitoring (in other words, a lot of work), foster care may be one of the promising strategies for putting children into families. Foster care can also include extended family care and community family care (especially in the African context).
- Intercountry Adoption – The adoptive family is sometimes an answer for children without families. Increasingly, intercountry adoptions are becoming popular and many children are blessed to receive forever families through this process. However, problems do occur when, “international adoption agencies work not to find homes for needy children but to find children for Western homes.” (The Lie We Love, E.J. Graff) When this occurs, the adoptions become less about the children’s best interests and corruption enters the system. Unfortunately, this corruption, no matter how large scale or small scale, could eventually destroy this viable response for the children who would benefit from intercountry adoption.
So there you have it. The family is under attack worldwide. We as believers have a responsibility to fight back on behalf of this God-ordained unit and on behalf of the children who are suffering due to their own families’ breakdown. Obviously, there are many different opinions out there about how to care for family-less children in Africa and where you live as well. I challenge you to consider what you believe. It is unacceptable that children are continuing to live outside of families. How will you respond?
In Part Two I will explain The Forsaken Children’s response.It was a showdown between former Stanford teammates at the
USTA Player Development Women's $50,000 Classic in Carson, at the USTA Training Center/West at The StubHub Center on Thursday as six Americans advanced to the quarterfinals.
The key matchup of the day was between former Stanford teammates and friends, Nicole Gibbs and Kristie Ahn. Both Gibbs and Ahn were members of the Stanford team that won the 2013 NCAA Team Championship.
Ahn, who was a finalist at a USTA Pro Circuit event in Carson in 2010, received medical treatment on her left wrist and back throughout the match. In the end, No. 2 seed Gibbs ran away with the match, winning 6-4, 6-3.
"Kristie is one of my best friends in tennis. I have shared more of my tennis history with her than any other player on the tour," said Gibbs, who also won the NCAA individual singles title for Stanford in 2012 and 2013. "It was a unique type of pressure today, playing one of your best friends. I don't know if it was the best tennis from either of us, but I did a good job trying to separate on-the-court from off-the court and keep my mind on playing the tennis that I wanted to play. I am feeling great going into the quarters."
Gibbs will face No. 6 seed An Sophie Mestach of Belgium on Friday.
Carson is the second of three consecutive women's hardcourt tournaments that make up the USTA Pro Circuit's US Open Wild Card Challenge, which will award a men's and women's wild card into the 2014 US Open.
The American woman who earns the most WTA ranking points at two of the three USTA Pro Circuit hard-court events in Sacramento, Carson, and Lexington, Ky., will receive a USTA wild card to compete in the main draw of the US Open, which will be held Sunday, August 25, to Monday, September 8. Only players who did not receive direct entry into the US Open are eligible for the wild cards.
In other tennis news, the annual Bank of the West Classic Draw Ceremony will be held Friday, July 25 at the Stanford Shopping Center.
The ceremony starts at 6 p.m. in the Center Pavilion and it will feature defending champion Dominika Cibulkova.
After the draw is complete, the WTA star will be available for a Q&A session and fans will also have the opportunity to take photos, request autographs, and even have a shot at winning free tickets and tournament merchandise.
Qualifying for the tournament at Stanford's Taube Family Tennis Center will begin July 26 and is free and open to the public. The longest-running women-only tennis tournament in the world will get under way July 28.
In addition to the No. 12-ranked Cibulkova, the top-flight field includes 17-time Grand Slam champion and World No. 1 Serena Williams, fourth-ranked and reigning Wimbledon champ Petra Kvitova, plus two-time Australian Open champion and world No. 10 Victoria Azarenka.
Water polo
A total of 18 USA Water Polo Olympians headline a loaded field of competitors for this weekend's US Open of Water Polo, taking place at four locations in Southern California.
The tournament starts on Friday, with the men's third- and first-place matches set for La Mirada Splash while the women's third- and first-place matches will be played at the Brenda Villa Aquatic Center in Commerce.
Villa, a four-time Olympian and 2012 gold medalist from Stanford, will be joined by eight of her teammates from the 2012 London Games along with a host of other high-level competitors including four-time Olympian Tony Azevedo and longtime Men's National Team captain Wolf Wigo, both former Stanford All-Americans.
Other current and former Stanford Olympians competing this weekend include Annika Dries, Melissa Seidemann, Jessica Steffens of the New York Athletic Club, Maggie Steffens of Stanford, Villa of the Olympic Club, and Peter Varellas of the NYAC.
Award recognition
Former Gunn High track coach and graduate, Matt Tompkins, has been selected as one of 25 finalists for the Brooks Most Inspiring Coach of the Year award.
The 1994 Gunn grad, coached track at Gunn from 2004-12 and is currently coaching at The King's Academy in Sunnyvale.
As a finalist, Tompkins has earned his team $5,000 worth of running gear and $500 for travel funds. He will be attending the Brooks award ceremony in early August. Should he win, Tompkins' team would receive an addition $7,500 worth of gear.
"In a nutshell, my team nominated me for this reward for how I kept the team together after a tragedy struck our team," Tompkins said, noting how a brother of two team members committed suicide during the middle of last season's cross-country season.
"It felt as the cross-country team was a the epicenter of the tragedy as most of the team were very close to all three of the brothers," said Tompkins, who was able to keep the team up and running through the tragedy.TAMPA, Fla. —
The homeowners who provided police with the eerie surveillance video of the hooded man accused in a string of fatal shootings in a Tampa neighborhood want a piece of the $110,000 reward.
Police in Tampa released the video of the suspect slowly walking down a Seminole Heights street just before an Oct. 9 shooting and who helped break the case when Howell Donaldson III handed her a paper bag with a gun inside on Nov. 28.
The
Read more at:The First Reginald Bretnor MEGAPACK ® Carolyn Wells Mystery MEGAPACK ® Carolyn Wells
Carolyn Wells was an American author of mysteries, verse, humor, and children’s books. In 1910 she decided to devote herself to mysteries and became an early master of the genre, creating two memorable sleuths:… More
The Fourth Western Novel MEGAPACK ® H. H. Knibbs et al.
Yes, it’s another another great selection of four western-themed books from Wildside Press! Here are:
THE TONTO KID, by H. H. Knibbs … “Few Western novels present such a powerful and ruthless character… More
The Fifth Ghost Story MEGAPACK ® Mary Elizabeth Braddon et al.
The Fifth Ghost Story MEGAPACK™ presents a great collection of 25 more classic ghost stories from 19th and 20th century masters (plus a new introduction by editor Shawn M. Garrett). Included are:
A TALE OF A GAS-LIT… More
The 24th Golden Age of Science Fiction MEGAPACK ™: H.B. Fyfe (vol. 3) H.B. Fyfe
The Golden Age of Science Fiction MEGAPACK™ series focuses on unjustly forgotten science fiction writers. Horace B. Fyfe (1918-1997) was one. An engineer by trade, Fyfe also wrote a long string of popular science… More
The 14th Golden Age of Science Fiction MEGAPACK ® Charles V. de Vet
Charles V. de Vet wrote more than 50 short stories for science fiction magazines, beginning with “The Unexpected Weapon” for Amazing Stories in September 1950. After a several year hiatus, de Vet became…
The Classic American Short Story MEGAPACK ®  25th Golden Age of Science Fiction MEGAPACK ™: 15th Golden Age of Science Fiction MEGAPACK ®: H.B Fyfe, Vol. 2 H.B. Fyfe
H.B. Fyfe published dozens of science fiction stories during his three-decade career as a writer. Included in this volume are 16 of his best, originally published in classic science fiction magazines like Astounding… More
The Fourth Ghost Story MEGAPACK ® Baseball MEGAPACK ® Zane Grey et al.
Baseball. For more than a hundred years, it’s been the subject of short stories. Here is a classic collection of 20th Century tales by such masters as Zane Gray, Michael Avallone, Octavus Roy Cohen, and others … More
The Andy Adams Western MEGAPACK ® Andy Adams
Andy Adams (1859-1935) was an American writer of western fiction, the son of pioneers. In the early 1880s he went to Texas, where he stayed for 10 years, spending much of that time driving cattle on the western trail. He… More
The First Mystery Novel MEGAPACK ®:
Want more from Genius Kitchen?
Watch on your Apple TV, Roku, or Fire TV and your iOS, Fire, or Android device.Learn More
“A very nice winter dessert, found on a television programme. Nicest served warm with ice cream, custard or lightly whipped cream.”
Cranberry Ginger Pudding
1 recipe photo
Ingredients Nutrition
- 5 ounces butter
- 5 ounces caster sugar
- 3 eggs
- 8 ounces self raising flour
- 2 ounces preserved gingerroot, finely chopped
- 1 orange, juice and zest of
- 1 teaspoon ground ginger
- 6 ounces fresh cranberries
- 3 ounces dried cranberries
Directions
- Heat the oven to 350°F.
- Line a 9inch tin with baking parchment.
- Cream together the butter, sugar and beat in the eggs one by one.
- Fold in the flour and the ground ginger.
- Stir in the chopped stem ginger, the orange zest and juice, the fresh and dried cranberries.
- Turn into the tin and bake for 35-50 minutes until an inserted skewer comes out clean.
- Serve hot or cold (or make in advance and reheat).
-
get the genius kitchen app.
Watch on your iPhone, iPad, Apple TV, Android, Roku, or Fire TV.Learn More
Cranberry Ginger PuddingNobelwind
Nobelwind
Nobelwind is the third offshore wind project of Parkwind..
Project Description
Nobelwind consists of 50 3.3MW MHI Vestas turbines. The wind turbines are built on monopile foundations.
Project Details
Nobelwind is build from the Rebo-terminal in Port of Oostende.
- final assembly of the foundations: monopiles and transition pieces
- transported to sea with Vole au Vent installation vesselA Lasting Impact
While the Foundation has formally concluded its Elder Abuse & Neglect Initiative, there is still much work to be done, and many unmet needs remain. As part of its legacy efforts to sustain the significant progress made through its partnerships, Archstone Foundation recently funded the University of Southern California for the National Elder Abuse Training Initiative to create a central online repository for existing curricula and training materials on elder abuse and neglect for professionals and caregivers.
For further information on projects previously funded under the Elder Abuse and Neglect Initiative, refer to the Grants Database.New Webnode Template Stylic – Beauty in SimplicityMarch 11th, 2014
.!
New Webnode Template Stylic - Beauty in Simplicity by Vojtěch ŽákNew Webnode Template Stylic - Beauty in Simplicity by Vojtěch Žák
Try the template now! Log in to Webnode and follow the instructions in our help section.
- Free website builderFOUR.
Spanish media has reported it is the furthest south such an operation has had to take place - while the frequency of Russian bombers being intercepted by Nato aircraft has significantly increased.
Related Stories
FIGHTER JET SHOWDOWNUS and Russian warplanes in dramatic face-off over Syria after Moscow's bombers target rebels
MOSCOW ON THE OFFENSIVERussian state papers predict 'direct military conflict' with the US over Syria
RUSSIAN BOMBERS SIGHTEDRAF war jets intercept Russian bombers capable of carrying 16 nuclear missiles off coast of Scotland
Although the incident occurred on September 22, the full details only emerged following an statement from the French Ministry of Defence..
The RAF has confirmed that the Russian jets did not enter UK airspace at any point.
Relations between Russia and the West have plummeted in recentExperienced by Kimatni Rawlins.
The Small Wonder from Germany is just that; full of inquisitive surprises, laden with technology expected from the Cayenne and built with “Happy Feet” in the form of AWD that excels on both racetracks and rocky hills. It’s true as I was a witness to the Macan’s diversity recently at Willow Springs Raceway in Rosamond, California. I know what you are thinking. Why in the world is Automotive Rhythms testing a SUV in environments properly suited for coupes? According to Porsche the revelation is quite simple: “We have shown with the Cayenne and the Panamera that many of the very same attributes that make the 911 a great sports car translate well to other segments of the marketplace. The Macan continues this tradition and represents the first time such a level of performance and agility has ever been available to those seeking a compact SUV package.”
Macan, Indonesian for “tiger,” is denoted by just two models: the $49,900 Macan S and the $72,300 Macan Turbo. But if you are familiar with Porsche’s a la carte pricing menu you will be able to relate to the $102,435 sticker price on the Mahogany Metallic model we tested. It was replete with the $1,385 Air Suspension, $1,490 Porsche Torque Vectoring Plus (PTV Plus), $1,600 Adaptive Cruise Control, $1,290 Sport Chrono Package (adds Launch Control and SPORT PLUS Button), $4,290 Burmester High-End Surround Sound System and the gorgeous $3,300 21” 911 Turbo design wheels. In total our vehicle was optioned out with 34 distinct line items, most of which are akin to the DNA of performance engineered vehicles. In fact, the first Porsche was built in Austria in 1948 and every car since has been developed around motorsports. The German brand says there are no demographic targets for the Macan, but I don’t see too many young, male trendsetters rushing for the Indonesian tiger. Actually, all of the onlookers who approached us while cruising around Pasadena were females, and unless they are weekend racers most of the aforementioned options are not necessary.
Stylistically, the Macan is a miniature version of the Cayenne from the B pillar forward, and something else interesting moving rearward. The sloping roofline is called the “fly line” by Porsche designers while the “tight at the top” and “wide at the bottom” tailgate is reminiscent of the 911. But it gives the vehicle a polarizing view from that angle. A grab handle has been forfeited in place of an open/close button on the windshield wiper motor cover. Typical large front air intakes, a dominant grille and a 38-pound wraparound, aluminum clamshell hood dominate the front fascia with dynamics and efficiency. A cadre of design cues have been borrowed from the 918 Spyder to illuminate the Macan’s stature including side blade inserts (Lava Black, Carbon Fiber or body color), rear LED taillights and the multifunction steering wheel with paddle shifters. I particularly like the Carbon Fiber variant.
Our two-hour drive up to Willow Springs in the Macan Turbo featured highway and mountain roads that were well suited for the SUV’s mechanics. The pompous 3.6-liter Twin Turbo V6 kicks out 400 horsepower and 406 lb-ft of torque (from 1,350 rpm) and exhibits no obvious turbo lag. It sprints from 0 to 60 mph in 4.6 seconds (4.4 with Sport Chrono) and manages 17 city/23 hwy mpg. This engine partners with the 7-speed PDK (double clutch) transmission, air suspension including Porsche Active Suspension Management (sits 15 mm lower than the standard steel spring suspension), PTV Plus and the staggered 21” rims tucked in Michelin performance rubber. This combination offered acceleration, braking, handling and agility unfathomable on a sport ute. Literally, we were chasing 911s around Willow Springs in the Macans. Porsche Traction Management (PTM) does most of the thinking for the active AWD system so the driver doesn’t have to. It variably distributes up to 100% of the vehicle’s torque from front to rear and side to side with the addition of PTV Plus.
On the other hand the Macan S is powered by Porsche’s brand new 3-liter Twin Turbo V6 with 340 horsepower and 339 lb-ft of torque available between 1,450-5,000 rpm. It runs from 0 to 60 mph in 5.2 seconds and also achieves 17 city/23 hwy mpg. The S also handled well on the track but not as impressively as the Turbo since it was sitting on all-season tires and adorned with the steel suspension which required more work from the vehicle operator. After the track exercises we went off-roading up steep trails. An “off-road” button recalibrates the suspension for the task at hand and the Hill Descent button puts the vehicle in auto pilot as it self brakes and crawls at very low speeds down whatever hill you came up. Incredibly extraordinary!
Back inside you will experience a similar cabin as the Cayenne or the Panamera for that matter. The ignition switch is on the left of the steering wheel as usual and the sloping center console is decorated with an array of function buttons from the Sport button to the HVAC settings. The front seating position is 2.75” lower than the Cayenne and the rear split folding seats allow for 53 cubic feet of cargo when laid down and 17.7 cubic feet when upright.
The new Macan is a breath of fresh air in the growing market segment and offers a multitude of amenities for all buyer types. Just prepare for price adjustments when you outfit your vehicle with the long list of available options.The W Club Whisky Auctions
AD Rattray Port Dundas 17 Year Old
Part of the A.D. Rattray Cask Collection, this single grain Scotch whisky from Port Dundas distillery has been aged for 17 years in a single barrel. Distilled on 25th June 1991 and bottled on 3rd November 2008, only 180 bottles were produced.
Tasting Notes:
Ginger snaps, vanilla pods and shortbread on the nose. The palate has pear drops to the fore with sweet ginger and dessert spice arriving later..Administrative Coordinator in Memphis, Tennessee Salary
The average wage for an Administrative Coordinator in Memphis, Tennessee is $16.89 per hour. This job's rate does not change very much with experience. Most people with this job move on to other positions after 20 years in this career.
How much does an Administrative Coordinator make in Memphis, TN?
In Memphis, an Administrative Coordinator earns around $17.05 per hour on average. This is 2% below the national average for an Administrative Coordinator which is $17.36 per hour. Wages for an Administrative Coordinator in Memphis range from $12.52 per hour to $25.65 per hour. Total Annual Compensation, which includes hourly rate, bonus, and overtime for an Administrative Coordinator in Memphis ranges from $28,688 to $53,865 annually. Among those reporting, there is an average job satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 stars. Women make up 94% of the Administrative Coordinator workforce in Memphis among those reporting. Many report receiving medical, dental, and vision benefits from their employer..
About Memphis, Tennessee
Thy.
It is famous for its distinctive flavor and spicy smell. In fact, some species of thyme are grown to produce different smells. A few species of thyme creep onto the surface while others can grow in an upright position.
Thyme is used as a spice while cooking different food items. You can also use thyme for preparing teas, soups, dressings, sauces, non-vegetarian foods and honey. If you are planning to use thyme for this purpose, remember that the longer you freeze them, the better the moisture and flavor they would be. You can either freeze the leaves separately or chop them up finely. Add some amount of olive oil or butter to the chopped leaves and mix thoroughly. Store them in the freezer and use them whenever necessary.
Drying thyme also requires some amount of care. Tie thyme stems loosely in small bunches. Make sure the area is well ventilated. Spread it out on the floor and allow it to dry. You can pluck out the leaves, flowers and buds when it has completely dried. Store them in airtight containers, preferably in a cool, dark place.
Harvest the flowers before the sun is out in full glow but not before the dew has completely dried up.
More Articles :
- Harvesting Thyme Flowers
- History Of The Herb Thyme
- Homemade Thyme Oil
- How To Grow Thyme Indoors ?
- How To Harvest Thyme ?
- What Does Thyme Look Like ?
UPSC 2014 July recruitment Cost Account Officers, Principals posts : Union Public service Commission (UPSC) invited Online Applications for the Post of Assistant Cost Accounts Officers, Principals and Various Central Government Office and Organization. Apply Before 31st July 2014.
Name of Post:– Assistant Cost Account Officers, Principals
Eligibility:- B.Com, Master Degree, CA, MBA, ICWA
Job Location:- All India
Last Date:- 31st July 2014
Hiring Process:- Written Test and Interview
Assistant Cost Account Officers:- 14 Posts
- Qualification:- B Com Degree from a recognized University OR Pass Final Examination from Institute of cost and work Accountants of India (ICWA) or Institute of Chartered Accounts of India (CA) Or Master of Business Administration (Finance) from recognized university or institute.
- Age Limit:- 35 Years
- Pay Scale:- Rs. 15600 – 39100/- Per Month
Principal Officers:- 08 Posts
- Qualification:- Master Degree from a recognized university or equivalent and Degree or Diploma in Teaching or Education from a recognized University or Equivalent. Three years experience in Teaching.
- Age Limit:- 30 Years
- Pay Scale:- Rs. 15600 –.
How to apply:- Candidates must apply online through the website Applications received through any other mode would not be accepted and summarily rejected.
LIKE InGovtJob.com on Facebook to get yourself updated towards latest Jobs.Description
Women’s easycare long sleeve blouse. Soft collar styling. Rounded bottom hem. Fitted styling with bust and back darts. Pearlised buttons on white shirt, self colour buttons on black. Double buttons on cuff
Fabric : 65% Polyester, 35% Cotton. Plain Poplin Weave
Weight : 105 gsm
Weight : 105 gsm
Size : 6*, 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 26 *6 only available in these colours
Manufacture : PremierOne of the things I look forward to most during the summertime is the endless supply of sweet corn that comes pouring in from local farms. You can usually purchase five ears for a dollar and it tastes so much more fresh, crisp, and sweet than any type of frozen corn. Since it is so readily available, we eat corn in some capacity with almost every single meal during the summers. Spoon bread, cornbread, corn on the cob, corn salsa, corn quesadillas, and corn chowder are just a few of a ways we have utilized this delicious crop so far this year.
But my absolute favorite way to have fresh sweet corn is in a raw corn salad. Have you ever tried corn raw? It is so delicious sweet and refreshing and the perfect platform on which to build a delicious summer salad. There are several recipes for corn salads floating around the web, but this is my personal favorite adaptation of several different recipes I have seen. It may sound weird, but blueberries and corn go really well together! REALLY well. Throw in some cucumber, red onion, feta, jalapeno and cilantro and toss with a creamy honey-lime dressing, and you get one satisfyingly complex salad.
If the idea of eating raw corn freaks you out a bit, you can simply place the corn cobs in a pot of boiled water for about 3 minutes. Just pat it dry and let it cool completely before cutting it off the stalk and continuing with the recipe.
I'm eating the leftovers for lunch today while sitting outside reading Jane Eyre and watching Matthew tease the little pekingese we are dog-sitting for the week (he likes to take her favorite toy, hold it just out of her reach and giggle as she repeatedly jumps up and down in a fruitless attempt to rip it from his grasp). Sounds like a great way to spend the afternoon!
Blueberry-Corn Salad with Feta
heavily adapted from Better Homes and Gardens
3-4 ears fresh sweet corn, husked and cut from the cob
1 large cucumber, peeled and gelatinous seeds removed
1/2 medium red onion, finely diced
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro
1-2 cups blueberries
1/2 jalapeno, seeded and finely chopped
2 tablespoons mayo
2 tablespoons plain yogurt (I like greek yogurt because it's less watery)
1 heaping tablespoon honey
1-2 tablespoons lime juice
1/2 teaspoon Dijon mustard
1/2 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
1/2 cup crumbled feta cheese
Cut the cucumber into 1/2 inch wide strips and then cube crosswise. Toss together in a large bowl with the corn, onion, cilantro, jalapeno, and blueberries.
Whisk together all ingredients for the dressing. Pour over the corn mixture and toss gently to coat. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes (but no more than 1 hour) to allow the flavors to jam together. Sprinkle with feta shortly before serving.
To make ahead, you can refrigerate the veggies/blueberries and the dressing in separate containers and then just mix them together shortly before you're ready to serve.$2,200 · 98 Toyota Rav4 4wd
98 Rav 4 in good mechanical shape but has 3 cosmetic bumps on it the last of which (rear door) took the muffler off ( 90$ at lordco). 224 kms drives very well, but will need a new muffler to be perfect. Air, power windows locks and mirrors, auto, and cruise. And decent goodyear all seasons. 2200 oboIt’s nearly a year ago since I re-discovered Romania.
I came first time, as some of you know already, in 1985, when I was 13 years old. I came to Mamaia as a tourist with my parents and grand-parents. These were the times when Scandinavians liked going to the Black Sea. Now , we sort of forgot about the Black Sea, well at least about Romania.
People here have started to re-visit Bulgaria now.
But Romania: no.
– Why ? In my opinion : because Romania doesn’t market itself.
So, last year, 2011, it was 26 years since I visited Romania: yes 26 years ago since I was in Romania for the first time. You can imagine my amazement stepping out of Henri Coanda airport and driving to Bucharest. My mouth wide open realizing some huge change had been transforming this post-communistic society.
On the surface it looked , I thought , like any other modern, southern European city. However, the communistic blocks of flats, told me this was a post-communistic country. Other than that : shopping malls, cafes, bars, restaurants, elegantly dressed people, food and wine in abundance, and more…. I was in complete and utter : WOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I went to see Brasov and loved it. I also went back to Mamaia & Constanta to see the Black Sea again. Even stayed at the same hotel I stayed at in 1985. It was really a special feeling. I can’t really explain it. Sort of a serene and excited feeling at the same time.
I have something with Romania I can’t explain. It’s a sort of crazy passion for the country.
Now, nearly a year later , and after several trips back throughout the year, I realize that it’s not only WOW, people still struggle to make a living. On the surface it looks amazing , but Romania still have a long way to go regarding functioning well for its’ people.
I decided to start this blog after coming back from my first trip.
I want to spread the GOOD sides and the GOOD examples with this page.
When it comes to Romania and life there , it’s like learning a new language for me.
Life there is in many ways the opposite from what my Scandinavian way of functioning is “programmed”. AND, AND , AND, even though I ‘ve been living abroad, away from Scandinavia, as an ex-pat in 5 different countries, and even though I often hear I m not “very Scandinavian ” in my ways, and even though I have locals helping me out : it is STILL challenging for me sometimes to understand life in Romania.
I ‘m, learning this language slowly….
Why ? Because I so love what I see there.
I feel at home in Bucharest. When I walk the street I feel good about myself in the midst of the livelyness and dynamics of the city.
Here is the music I heard last year as I just re-met with Romania. I still like those songs.
My beautiful one, with Xonia and Deep Central :
Mi- e dor de noi, DJ Project feat. Giulia
I need you more with Crush & Alexandra ::
short on time. total time 18:42. splits 9:22 and 9:20. felt awful too. traveled. only got 6 hours of sleep.
total time 38:58. I am not sure why I am so sluggish? I warmed up for 16 minutes and then I did 2 minutes fartlek foillowed by 4 minutes recovery. I was really tired after only 3 of these. splits 9:32, 9:14, 9:37, 10:35.
20 minutes on bike outside
i woke up feeling tired. I did some extra stretching and then I started slow and gradually sped up. total time 36:53. splits 9:21, 9:07, 9:10, 9:15
total time 56:55. temp at start was 70 and at the end of the run was 74. I left on the run at 5:30. I was trying to go slow initially so that I could negative split. I had stretched well though and so my effort was deceptive. splits 9:35, 9:18, 9:14, 9:30, 9:33, 9:55
total time 27:07. gradually sped up all the way. splits 9:18, 9:09, 8:40
rough night on call. no exercise
total time 27:42. splits 9:31, 9:18, 8:53
total time 27:23. got more sleep. splits 9:30, 9:04, 8:49
total time 27:26. splits 9:23, 9:09, 8:54
in San francisco. ran the streets early in the morning. The distance is a guess. total time 33 minutes.
back in Arizona and really tired. I intended to run 3 but was so tired and I avhe so much to do. total time 18:48. splits 9:33 and 9:15
20 minutes on the road bike
total time 37:14... I did eight 30 second fartleks with around 2 minute recovery. then at 24 minutes I ran hard to the end. splits 9:25, 9:05, 9:25, 9:19
short on time... total running time 18:06 splits 9:26 and 8:40
my watch is down and the phone got cancelled out. I know I ran this in 37 something and that my last miles was sub 9.
total time 27:24 splits 9:20, 9:10, 8:54
total time 36:48. splits 9:30, 9:16, 9:05, 8:57
20 minutes outside riding the bike
total time 27:16 splits 9:19, 9:14, 8:43
longest run in 3 weeks. things have been busy. It was the hottest morning of the year so fat too. my last mile showed it. total time 48:54 splits 9:30, 9:25, 9:25, 9:44, 10:49
total time 27:30. outside and hot. 9:30, 9:08, 8:52.My autistic son of 17 years was percribed Risperdal which he took for 3 months. During that time he balooned in weight and wanted to sleep all the time. We told his doctor that because we did not see enough benefits and my sons self esteem was very low, we wanted him to come off it. He has been on concerta XL for sometime and it calms him down but makes him aggitated at night. I have been reading about Depakote. Can anyone tell me what they think about it.Casual Decor Bathroom with Decorative Clear Shower Curtain and Polka Dotted Pattern Style Drapes. Green Yellow Color Detail and Cotton Fabric Material Content
Type: image/jpegSize: 75 kBDimension: 900x900 pixelsVersions: Thumbnail — OriginalViews: 590 viewsDownloads: 458 downloadsPermalink: Casual Decor BathroomGallery Set: Shower CurtainGallery Tags: Shower Curtain, Grey And Yellow Shower CurtainFeatures:
- Decorative Clear Shower Curtain
- Polka Dotted Pattern Style Drapes
- Green Yellow Color Detail
- Cotton Fabric Material Content
The current shower curtain photo shown above, the Casual Decor Bathroom, based on the many download counts this shower curtain photo has got, it could only mean that this casual decor bathroom is one of viewers' most-loved shower curtain reference. This current shower curtain is featuring some great things, including decorative clear shower curtain, polka dotted pattern style drapes, and few more such as the green yellow color detail and cotton fabric material content, etc.
This shower curtain photograph, which was posted here, is of course not just the only one we'd want to recommend for you. There are tons of shower curtain pictures like this shower curtain gallery set. In the next page, we have Mid Century Design Bedroom which features caspian semi circle mirrored console and bevelled mirror pieces finish; tagged with mirrored table topic. While in previous page — tagged under rugs galleries — is the Modern Interior boasting tricolor cowhide area rug and polished white concrete floors.
Checkout tons of more design ideas through the bottom navigation or the thumbnails below, or just browse through our homepage to enjoy more design references.I would like to hire a Brochure Designer
Bütçe $250-750 AUD
I need some graphic design done for a cake ordering brochure.
[url removed, login to view].]
69 freelancers are bidding on average $346 for this job
HELLO, My name is Aveliya. And I really adore cakes and chocolate ;). I'm a very POSITIVE person and I have HIGH SKILLS in my work. I am always glad to cooperate with people who embody their dreams in life))). So Daha fazlası
Hello, My name is Emiliano, nice to meet you. I've read your brief and i understand exactly what you need. Please, take a look to my portfolio here in freelancer Relevant Skills and Experience illustration skills can assist you with designing a clean yet eye catching cake ordering brochure for Boutique Cake Art cake shop! I will be available for next few hours if you would like to contact me. MY PORTFOLIO THROUGH -
Hello, Im interested in you project, i have extensive experience in graphic design 2d and 3d,adobe master suite master software Relevant Skills and Experience Logo design, branding, packaging design, web design,photo
I can design a corporate & professional looking cake ordering brochure to promote your services. I have uploaded some example brochures in my portfolio for you to review. MY PORTFOLIO AT: [url removed, login to view]
I can do the job. I have experience designing, brochure, flyer, catalog and magazine. See sample: [url removed, login to view] Relevant Skills and Experience I am both an illustrator
Hello I'm working on many types of illustration children book design, cover design, poster design and etc. check my portfolio [url removed, login to view] kind regards Relevant Skills and Experience Drawing/ Daha fazlası
Hi, I'm HJ, A Professional graphic Artist ( Illustrator and Concept Artist) experienced in various creative and design skills such as 3D, Illustrations, Concept art design, Product design, Logo and Icon design, Cov
Why theDesignerz? Because not only we are #1 Graphic Provider! But we never compromise in Quality! We are best known for services we provide which you can see from our portfolio and our reviews on following link! Daha fazlası‘Tis the season to give thanks – and here at Tony Brewer and Co., we’ve got plenty to be thankful for! As we prepare to don pashminas and head out for holiday festivities, we thought it only fitting that we take a moment to countdown the things we are most thankful for. What will be No.1? There’s only one way to find out! Enjoy!
5. Darling doggies!
There’s something about our furry pals that just lifts our spirits! A case of the mid-week blues doesn’t stand a chance against a nuzzle from our four-legged friends. Who wouldn’t love waking up to a face like that!
4. Beautiful Things!
All around us, in nature, in our homes – there are so many lovely things to please our eyes and our spirits. Be it a gorgeous cocktail dress or an amazing floral decoration, the things we feast on visually are not only a joy to look at, they enrich our spirits!
3. Holiday Seasons!
Naturally we love all of the galas, dinners and spectacular events that come with the Thanksgiving and Noel holidays – we get a chance to provide spectacular décor AND see all of our favorite clients. But we also enjoy the general merriment that seems to embrace everyone at the end of the year. Don’t you?
3. Delicious Dishes!
Oh the food – we’d be lying if we said the nutmeg-scented candied yams, braised turkey and every other traditional Thanksgiving dish wasn’t right up there on our list of favorites! We’re already counting down until Turkey Day!
2. Black Friday!
The official start of the Christmas shopping season! It’s a hectic day and it’s most certainly not for the faint of heart. But who can resist the excitement of snatching up that mink wrap or diamond brooch you’ve had your eye on? Collapsing on the couch with a hot cider in hand and a stack of shopping bags in the corner is what we call a great way to end your day!
And what’s the No. 1 thing we’re most thankful for here at Tony Brewer and Co.?
ALL OF YOU!
Of course! Without our clients – both old and new – we wouldn’t be the top-notch event planning firm that we are. We love working with our loyal customers like the Fernbank Museum of Natural History and the Arthritis Foundation year after year to provide the décor of their dreams. And we look forward to each and every new client. We appreciate each of you, from the bottom of our fabulous heart!
Enjoy your holidays friends – save a pumpkin crème brulee for us!
“Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.” – Mother Teresa
Love the blog? Tell us all about it!Canamex Resources Intersects 9.1 Metres Grading 11.9 G/Tonne Gold at Bruner, Nevada
Canamex Resources Corp. (TSXV:CSQ,OTCQX:CNMXF,FWB,CX6) reported ongoing results from revers circulation drilling at its Bruner Gold Project in Nevada. Drill results are from the Penelas East Zone at the project.
As quoted in the press release:.
Canamex president and interim CEO, Greg Hahn, said:
Click here to read the Canamex Resources Corp. (TSXV:CSQ) press releasePartners
National Flood School
With over 20 years experience, the National Flood School are experts in the industry. Our services have evolved to drive standards, promote excellence and ensure our insurance & restoration customers and their companies excel.
The Clean Trust
(Formerly the IICRC - Institute of Inspection, Cleaning and Restoration Certification
The IICRC was formed in 1972 to serve as an independent, non-profit certification body, to set and promote high standards and ethics; and to advance communication and technical proficiency within the inspection, cleaning and restoration service industry.
The IICRC is a standards and certification body and not a trade association. It consequently has no members. It does however have "registrants". Registrants are individuals who have taken and passed IICRC courses and exams.
Certified individuals and companies are respected by their customers and industry peers. They receive training in the newest techniques and information on the latest products. Increased knowledge, industry training and education leads to confidence in themselves and their services, which translates into increased sales and processing efficiency. In addition, they can expect regular referrals from the IICRC and promotion of IICRC certification through the organization's Web site, referral line and other marketing efforts.
Approved IICRC Schools in the UK include the National Flood School.
NCCA (National Carpet Cleaners Association)
The NCCA is an independent UK trade body solely dedicated to the craft of carpet, upholstery, curtain, and other soft furnishing cleaning..
Your Basket
News
- Restoration Express Starter Packs Could Bring in a Flood of Sales
- Thermal Imaging Technology
- High Tech Flood Recovery Solution
- New Product - Tramex MRH III
- Thermography Training Course
Information Articles
Secure Payments with SagePayDriver Hire Blackburn are now recruiting for temporary delivery postwomen and postmen with the Royal Mail Group.
The Role:
Delivering mail and parcels to houses and businesses within a set area. Starting the day in the local delivery office, sorting the mail for your route. You will then need to complete the necessary checks on your vehicle, before joining a colleague in a shared van to start your round. You'll each be given a hand held computer to capture customer signatures for deliveries and the round will take around four hours to complete.
You will move to new delivery areas throughout the day before returning to the delivery office.
You will require:
* Excellent customer service skills
* Right to work in the UK - you must produce a passport or full birth certificate
* Previous 5 Year working history with references
* Proof of address
* Proof of National Insurance
* Due to the nature of the role - any serious criminal convictions will not be accepted for the role.
Basic Hourly Rate: £7.50
Immediate starts available - Please apply by CV only to blackburn@driverhire.co.uk
We will contact you providing your application was successful. great for keto meal prep as part of your weight loss diet or can be added to your dinner ideas for ketosis friendly recipes.
Products I use in the Videos:
Lowest Price on Big Boss Air Fryer:
Nuwave Induction Stove:
Dalstrong Shogun Series Chef Knife:
Teak Cutting Board I use:"Come fly with me" luggage tag features:
Pearlized silver metal luggage tag with embossed airplane design. Every time your guests take off for their next destination they will be reminded of your thoughtful gift. Each favor measures 4.5" x 2.5" and comes with a cream colored leather strap to hang to your luggage. Each favor comes in a black bottom gift box with clear top. Finished with an organza ribbon and thank you tag ready for presentation to your guests.
Luggage tags make useful as well as practical favors that your guests are sure to appreciate.
Luggage tags make useful as well as practical favors that your guests are sure to appreciate. )PR company says it's a 'mystery' how their computer files on Denis O'Brien ended up on USB stick which was sent anonymously to the businessman
DENIS O'Brien has left "clouded in mystery" exactly how material from the public relations firm's computer files ended up on a USB memory stick in an envelope sent anonymously to the businessman, the High Court heard.
Michael Collins SC, for Dublin-based Red Flag Consulting Ltd, said it was of "extraordinary concern" to the firm how its computers were accessed, material extracted from them and how a dossier of that material ended up on Mr O’Brien’s desk.
It was not known whether the firm’s computers were hacked or someone had passed on the information, he said.
Mr O’Brien had hired a private investigator to look into his claims of an alleged conspiracy to damage him and it was not clear if the dossier was provided as a result of that investigation or by other means, counsel said.
There was "no explanation" from Mr O'Brien and the Red Flag side will be asking whether full disclosure was made by Mr O'Brien when he looked for search and seizure orders earlier this week, counsel said.
His side wanted to know whether the process by which Mr O'Brien got the material was lawful.
The dossier includes more than 80 media stories related to Mr O'Brien contained in different files relating to matters such as the planned IPO of his Digicel firm, the Moriarty tribunal and the Siteserv transaction. It also includes a PDF document under the title: "Who is Denis O'Brien?" and another document entitled: "The Moriarty Tribunal Explainer".
Also included in the dossier is a document described as a draft speech for Fianna Fail TD Colm Keaveney.
A report received last Monday from the Espion IT firm hired by Mr O'Brien to forensically examine the dossier showed words and phrases used in that speech are suggestive of Red Flag Consulting CEO Karl Brophy contributing to that document, Michael Cush SC, for Mr O'Brien, said.
Mr O’Brien wanted to know who paid Mr Brophy "to craft that".
Mr Cush said his client wants to urgently inspect the Red Flag firm’s computers for their action alleging a “textbook conspiracy” to harm Mr O’Brien’s interests, including the planned initial public offering (IPO) of Mr O'Brien's Digicel communications company, by either lawful or unlawful means.
He wanted to establish who commissioned the dossier and who contributed to it.
Mr O'Brien's case is against the Red Flag firm and five persons involved with it. They are former Independent News & Media senior executives, Gavin O'Reilly and Karl Brophy; Red Flag chairman, Seamus Conboy; account manager Brid Murphy and account executive Kevin Hiney.
Mr O'Brien secured court orders earlier this week restraining interference by the defendants with files related to documents contained in the dossier or with any material indicating who contributed to those documents or who may have commissioned them.
The businessman initially sought search and seizure orders ex parte (one side only represented) which would have permitted his representatives enter the firm's offices and take material from the computers but those were refused by the President of the High Court, Mr Justice Nicholas Kearns.
The judge instead made orders essentially preserving any such files and those orders were on Wednesday returned by Mr Justice Colm MacCochaidh to Friday.
The matter was essentially before the judge on Friday to decide how to progress the hearing of Mr O'Brien's application for injunctions permitting his side inspect the material on the Red Flag computers for use in the claim for alleged defemationa nd cosnpiracy.
Mr Cush, for Mr O'Brien, sought an urgent hearing of the injunction matter but Mr Collins, for Red Flag, disagreed the matter was urgent.
On being told both sides would agree to forensic imaging, or photographing, of the contents of the Red Flag computers but each wanted their own IT firms to do that, the judge directed the imaging process be carried out "forthwith" and jointly by IT experts for the sides.
The judge also directed that the USB stick, access to which was sought by the Red Flag side, be instead held by Mr O'Brien's solicitor pending further order and not be interfered with in any way pending further order.
The judge said he did not regard the matter as any more urgent than other cases in the court’s list.
He fixed December 8 for hearing the application for injunctions permitting Mr O’Brien’s side inspect the material to be photographed from the Red Flag computers.
Read more here:
The mere fact of O'Brien seeking order shows seriousness of case
Unlawful conspiracy alleged by O'Brien in court case
Businessman looks to prove campaign against him
Businessman Denis O’Brien tells High Court dossier of documents were part of alleged conspiracy to damage him
Online Editors
Promoted Links
Related Content
- The mere fact of O'Brien seeking order shows seriousness of case
- Businessman looks to prove campaign against him
- Businessman Denis O’Brien tells High Court dossier of documents were part of alleged conspiracy to damage himI'm super excited to be celebrating the launch of Beer52.com, a business that I recently invested in. For just £24 a month (including free delivery), our members get to discover a case of the best hand-crafted microbrews from around the world, all handpicked by us for their amazing taste, beautiful packaging and excellent craftsmanship.
Founded by young entrepreneur James Brown at the Espark business accelerator in Edinburgh, it is already on track to be a huge success. We've signed up more than six and a half thousand new members in our first month, which is a phenomenal rate of growth and we're expecting to sign up tens of thousands more in the run up to Christmas..
James and I are hugely ambitious for how we can grow our craft beer club - if you'd like to get involved in some way, feel free to get in touch!Greetings!,!
I have heard that Granada is beautiful, but hot. Is it possible to find an apt. outside Granada in the hills, where it is cooler? If so, is it accessible by bus or inexpensive taxis? Thanks
Anyone can ask a
travel question.
Destination experts (like you!) provide amazing answers.
Readers "like" answers, and the best float to the top.How It Works
A Ground-Breaking New Material
HydroBlox.
Supported by UKAS accredited performance data and independent specialist laboratories, our technology is able to deliver superior surface and sub-surface water management solutions, significant cost savings and long lasting benefits to our customers, their investments and the environment.
HydroBlox – a superior water management and drainage solution
Read on to discover more about HydroBlox, or click through to our Resources section to download more detailed technical information.
Global Applications
A green solution that delivers significant cost savings and long lasting benefits to a growing list of global sectors:
- Recycling
- Transportation
- Construction
- Landscaping
- Civil Engineering
- Oil and Gas
- Heritage and Conservation
- Power and Energy
- Quarries and Mining
- Environmental
- Forestry
- Agriculture
- Green Buildings
- Sport and Leisure
Applications for HydroBlox® include:
- French and Land Drains
- Landscaping
- Sustainable Urban Drainage
- Highways and Railways
- Solar Parks
- Construction Site Compliance
- Airports
- Stadiums
- Car Parks
- Anaerobic Digestion
- High Pressure Filtration
- Landfill Sites
- Pipeline Protection
- Well Pads
- Tunnel Construction
- Temporary Access Roads
- Golf Bunkers and Fairways
- Sports Fields
- Equestrian Facilities
- Commercial Units and Warehouses
- Aggregate Replacement
- Foundations and Stability
- Retaining Walls
- Green Roofs, Walls and Hydroponics
- High-Rise Guttering
- Silt Capture and Cover Guards
- Pavements and Walkways
- Bank Stabilisation
- Land Regeneration
- Coastal Erosion
- Archaeological Site Preservation
- Clean Artificial Weirs
- Water Reprocessing
- Soakaway Systems
- Flood Management
- Passive Irrigation
Water Reprocessing
HydroBlox and our unique water management solution can be easily connected into any existing drainage infrastructure. Alternatively it can be used to bring filtered water back into your site for reuse and or onward distribution into the natural environment.
Green Technology
HydroBlox is manufactured from 100% recycled thermoplastics.
- It is estimated for every 50 acres of drainage our unique solution and manufacturing technology is able to reprocess 125 tonnes of recycled plastic.
- Research has shown that for every tonne of HydroBlox produced, the equivalent of 2 tonnes of CO2 emissions are saved.
Product Range
HydroPlanks HydroBase
Available in standard 3ft lengths or made to order
HydroBase
A superior sub-base that replaces expensive aggregate and dirt substrate under highways, roads and railways
HydroBlox DuraFence
Superior alternative to silt or filter socks, boxes, and fences that provide erosion control
HydroBlox FilterBox
Efficient low-maintenance alternative to dewatering pumps
Protect Your Investments
- A permanent solution with minimal maintenance requirements.
- No more blocked drainage channels.
- Mitigate against the harmful risks of damage from stormwater, floods and erosion.
We are immediately available via our contact page to discuss your requirements and provide a tailored quote for your next project.People living in remote regions of the north find themselves far away from commercial markets. Nevertheless, Arctic societies attract global attention and possess the potential to flourish in a sustainable manner. Why? They’ve got natural resources.
Development initiatives are already prompting new challenges for the Arctic such as general trends towards urbanisation and a movement away from traditional occupations. This calls for holistic planning and sustainable outcomes that support society, for instance, by creating attractive places to live and lasting employment opportunities.
Mail: ramboll@ramboll.glIt may not sound as exciting and sexy as cutting-edge interactive mirrors or augmented reality retail apps, but workforce management tools deliver just as much value—if not more—and the return on investment comes fast.
This is because every retail employee and manager shares a primary role in each of their respective positions: serving as a brand ambassador whose actions impact the customer’s shopping experience.
Here are three ways effective retail workforce management can help you enhance customer satisfaction across store locations and boost your bottom-line.
- Develop the Ultimate Workforce
With effective workforce management, retailers can improve customer service across store locations by investing in sales associate talent and efficient field management. To stay ahead of the competition, retailers must identify and retain high-performing team members. It is becoming more and more apparent that employees on the floor are a crucial factor in providing an exceptional shopping experience and improving customer satisfaction.
Through the latest workforce management technology, retailers can staff team members that are the best fit for the job, track tasks in real time, and communicate efficiently between managers and field teams. Using staff scoring, employers can also assess the health of their talent pool by measuring staff engagement and reliability for a complete understanding of their workforce performance.
- Increase Productivity with an On-Demand Workforce
The on-demand workforce is becoming increasingly popular across the retail industry. An on-demand workforce allows retail organizations to offer flexible employment to highly qualified staff, which helps them to deliver a seamless in-store experience to customers. With the help of workforce management tools, retailers can ensure the most knowledgeable sales associates are in the field during high customer traffic hours. These tools also help managers to predict the number of sales associates and skill sets needed at each location throughout the week.
- Ensure Proper Product Placement and Display Set Up
Workforce management provides major opportunities for retailers to improve productivity and customer satisfaction. From fully stocked shelves to ideal product placement to accurate display set up, workforce management tools help employers centralize tasks and streamline operational processes to ensure all assignments are completed properly.
Provided with consumer trend information, foot traffic data, and advanced field reporting, field teams are empowered to support sales and create a unified and unique customer experience. These solutions can also ensure retail compliance, perform task tracking through to completion, and help you develop precise in-store merchandising and display execution by visually verifying proper product placement and real-time stock inventory data.
Boost Customer Satisfaction with Effective Field Management Software
Workforce optimization has become an essential strategy for staying competitive and developing an enhanced customer experience. Implementing a retail execution and workforce management solution like Natural Insight can:
- Increase customer satisfaction
- Lower costs
- Leverage employee skill sets
- Drive passion for employee roles
- Increase connections between employees and the organization
Using our field management software, retailers can staff the right people for the right job and increase the ROI of recruitment. On-demand communication tools allow retailers to deliver the best experience to customers, carry-out top-notch in-store execution and drive sales through a unified user experience. With Natural Insight, retailers can monitor and respond to the challenges of managing the retail environment. A well-managed shopping experience builds a better relationship with consumers and thereby positively impacts their satisfaction, loyalty, and your bottom line.
To learn more about the benefits of effective retail workforce management, download our infographic New Rules for Success in Retail: How Experiential Marketing Fits into the Evolving Customer Experience today!SECURED TRANSACTIONS AND ACCESS TO CREDIT IN NIGERIA: WHAT IS IN A NAME?
Mining in Nigeria- Regulation and Incentives
Infrastructural Development in Nigeria Utilizing Pensions Funds
Response to the Global Economic Downturn Part One
AB Africa Digest
CLIENT MEMORANDUM
The establishment of the Treasury Single Account (TSA) policy is a particular revolution in public finance administration implemented by President Muhammadu Buhari. It followed the laudable anti-corruption campaign reflecting the change mantra of President Buhari’s election into office. Indeed, the TSA has necessitated increased observation of Nigeria’s banking sector, since many believe it has inadvertently…
Aina Blankson, LP is Event Sponsor of the Alternative Dispute Resolution Industry Roundtable Series on Nigeria’s Entertainment Industry
Aina Blankson, LP is pleased to announce its partnership with the Lagos Court of Arbitration to Co-Sponsor this enlightening and progressive event, which was held on April 7, 2016, on Nigeria’s entertainment industry. According to the recent rebasing of Nigeria’s gross domestic product (GDP), the entertainment industry (Nollywood, television, music, comedy and theatre) contributes to…
Aina Blankson, LP partners with the Global Pound Conference Series 2016-17
The Global Pound Conference (GPC) Series 2016-17 will facilitate the development of 21st century commercial and civil dispute resolution tools, at domestic, regional and international levels. The Africa event will be held in Lagos, Nigeria on June 30, 2016. The Lagos GPC Series will convene all stakeholders in dispute resolution – commercial parties, chambers…
Aina Blankson Presents the Maiden Edition of the Islamic Finance Desk Newsletter
The Islamic Finance Newsletter (IFN) is the introductory act of the Aina Blankson Islamic Finance Desk sequel to its novel launch. The first edition of the IFN opens up the discourse surrounding Islamic Finance and highlights opportunities available to emerging markets to propel economic development and promote financial inclusion.Hire a Mobile Developer
Bütçe $30-250 USD. If they dont have internet connection - the data is saved on their devices until they are connected via cell/wifi
45 freelancers are bidding on average $254 for this job
The app work flow: -Create an account--> Take pictures-->saves GPS cords --> Data into 8 fields--> If connected to the internet then send over or save to device till the connectivity. Relevant Skills and Experience I Daha fazlası
Stay tuned, I'm still working on this proposal.
Hi, I'm interested in your project. Please send me a message so that we can discuss more. Relevant Skills and Experience I have a 7+ years of experience in Android and iPhone apps development.I understood your require Daha fazlası
Hi I noticed your project and i am very interested in your project I have a lot of experiences of apps with GPS api You can check xamarin experience on my portfolio in [url removed, login to view] Relevant Skills and Experience Xam
Hello. I am interested on your job. Relevant Skills and Experience I have many experience on Android and iOS app development for 7 years. In specially, I have a strong skill on the social app development and integrati Daha fazlası
We are well versed with basic and advanced procedure that encompasses this job. We are very proficient in web and app development. Also, have great communication skills. Relevant Skills and Experience With the exper
I am a developer with experience in developing GPS based application and I am readily available to work with you on this project. Relevant Skills and Experience My skills include but not limited to C#, and Xamarin for Daha fazlasıMobile data collection app
Bütçeancers are bidding on average R4141
CLEAN AND FAST SENIOR MOBILE DEVELOPER !!! Hello, Dear. I'm developing Mobile app to the order of clients for 6+ years. I'm a senior developer which has rich experience in developm Daha fazlası
I have developed Music Player, Dating, IPTV, Chat, Social, Location Tracking, News, Shopping app, OpenVPN, Payment, Taxi App also and have an experience of Google Map and Google Service API. Relevant Skills and Exper, Hope you are doing Well!!! I've checked your requirements and I am much interested to assist you on the development of your Android App with fulfilling all of the required functioning very accurately and eleg Daha fazlası
Dear Client I have carefully gone through with your requirement !! I have more than 5 years of experience in IT and I expertly combine skills in Angular 1 & 2, HTML5, CSS3, javascript. I have also experienced in se Daha fazlası
[url removed, login to view] Please check my proposal Relevant Skills and Experience Android, Java, Mobile Phone Proposed Milestones R3888 ZAR - Milestone
Hi, I am a professional who is working with not only Android native app development but also web service programming with frontend and backend as well, having 8+ years experiences. I have read your requirements, and Daha fazlası
I saw your job post and you need Android App and i want to know about the project scope document so i can understand the requirements and we talk on scope in details to start the project. Relevant Skills and Experienc Daha fazlası
Best quality & Fast turnaround Over 7 years, I am working for mobile(native & web) and web programming. Relevant Skills and Experience I have very well experiece in the Android + IPhone + Mobile App Development. Prop This is Farheen from Bir Branding Bee, We are glad to tell you that we have developed a great number of various applications, namely on-demand services, location-based apps, social networks, messengers,Past Meetup
Board games at the ritz
This Meetup is past
28 people went
Details
I'm limiting this meetup to 30 people so there aren't any additional costs for valet. Valet parking will be free to all those who are confirmed on the I'm going list. IF YOU ARE ON THE WAITING LIST, YOU MAY STILL JOIN US, BUT YOU WILL NEED TO FIND YOUR OWN PARKING. To clarify, INDIVIDUALS ON THE WAITLIST SHOULD NOT USE THE RITZ VALET IF THEY CHOOSE TO COME. They should use street meters, the parking garage next door, or find another place nearby to park. As usual, bring a drink or snack to share with the group and any games you'd like to play.
The building is on key highway directly across the street from the Visionary Arts Museum. For parking (for the 30 accepted RSVPs) you should valet your vehicle here with the Ritz Carlton valet. It is free of charge and no time limit and your car will be in a safe underground garage. Make sure to grab your valet slip.
As you exit the lobby, TURN LEFT Follow the long hallway all the way down. Follow the signs towards building 4. You will see the numbers on the doors going down. You will pass the pool, restrooms, resident lounge, and theater in that order. When you reach what looks like the end of the hallway, a blue wall with a picture of men on horses, turn left. It will be the second door on your right, labeled GAME AND BILLIARDS. Call me if you get lost or have any additional questions. 262-705-7838 NicholeI joined my Camino hiking buddies for a hike at the Top of the World in Laguna Beach. We were there this weekend with several hundred other nature lovers. My cousin Susie, Pattie her sister with her daughter Brittany, and Angelica and Mark joined the crowds. This was the busiest I have seen these trails with mountain bikers of all ages, countless groups of runners and even a group of Asian hikers, but still we had a great trek! The weather was cool and we traveled a new trail that again proved to be more beautiful country. The loop around the park took us a couple of hours and 7 miles later we were ready for a meal. We drove to Ruby’s Shake Shack and feasted. Plan to attempt it again next week!
General Grass Biomass References
- Adler, P. R., Del Grosso, S. J., Parton, W. J. Life-cycle assessment of net greenhouse gas flux for bioenergy cropping systems. Ecol. Appl. 2007, 17 (3), 675–691.
-.
- Camargo, G.G.T, M.R. Ryan, and T.L. Richard. 2013. Energy Use and Greenhouse Gas Emissions from Crop Production Using the Farm Energy Analysis Tool. BioScience 63: 263–273.
- Chandrasekaran, S.R., P.K. Hopke, A. Hurlbut, and M. Newtown. 2013. Characterization of Emissions from Grass Pellet Combustion. Energy Fuels 27, 5298−5306.
- Chandrasekaran, S. R., Hopke, P. K., Newtown, M., Hurlbut, A. 2013. Residential scale biomass boilers emissions and efficiency characterization for several fuels. Energy Fuel 27, 4840−4849.
- Christensen, K. A., Livbjerg, H. A field study of submicron particles from the combustion of straw. Aerosol Sci. Technol. 1996, 25, 185−199.
-.
- Duffy, M., Nanhou, V. Costs of producing switchgrass for biomass in southern Iowa. PM 1866, Iowa State University Extension: Ames, IA, 2001..
-.
- Epplin, F. Cost to produce and deliver switchgrass to an ethanol conversion facility in the southern plains of the United States. Biomass Bioenergy 1996, 11, 459–467.
- Ercoli, L., M. Mariotti, A. Masoni, and E. Bonari. 1999. Effect of irrigation and nitrogen fertilization on biomass yield and efficiency of energy use in crop production of Miscanthus. Field Crops Research 63:3-11.
-.
- Kaufmann. H. Chlorine Compounds in Emissions and Residues from the Combustion of Herbaceous Biomass. Thesis Dissertation 12429, ETH Zurich, Zuirch, 1997.
--2.
- Liebig, M. A., Johnson, H. A., Hanson, J. D., and Frank, A. B. 2005. Soil carbon under switchgrass stands and cultivated cropland. Biomass and Bioenergy 28: 347–354.
- Lowenberg Deboer, J., and M.A. Lopez Pereira. 1990. Risk Assessment for Herbaceous Biomass Crops the Case of Perennial Grasses. Biomass 23:263-274.
- Mani, S., Tabil, L. G., and Sokhansanj, S. 2004. Grinding Performance and Physical Properties of Wheat and Barley Straws, Corn Stover and Switchgrass. Biomass and Bioenergy 35: 339–352.
- Mattsson, J.-E. 1997. Tendency to bridge over openings for chopped Phalaris and straw of Triticum mixed in different proportions with wood chips. Biomass and Bioenergy 12:199-210.
- McLaughlin, S. B., Kszos, L. A. Development of switchgrass as a bioenergy feedstock in the United States. Biomass Bioenergy 2005, 28, 515–535.
-.
- Perrin, R., Vogel, K., Schmer, M., Mitchell, R. Farm-scale production cost of switchgrass for biomass. Bioenergy Res. 2008, 1, 91–97.
- Powlson, D.-S., D.-G. Christian, and P. Falloon. 2001. Biofuel crops: their potential contribution to decreased fossil carbon emissions and additional environmental benefits. Aspects of Applied Biology 65:289-294.
- Qin, X., Mohan, T., El-Halwagi, M., Cornforth, G., McCarl, B. A. Switchgrass as an alternate feedstock for power generation: an integrated environmental, energy and economic life-cycle assessment. Clean Technol. Environ. Policy 2006, 8 (4), 233–249.
-mer, M. R., Vogel, K. P., Mitchell, R. B., Perrin, R. K. Net energy of cellulosic ethanol from switchgrass. Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. U.S.A. 2008, 105 (2), 464–469.
- Scholz, V., and R. Ellerbrock. 2002. The growth productivity, and environmental impact of the cultivation of energy crops on sandy soil in Germany. Biomass and Bioenergy 23:81-92.
- Sokhansanj, S., Mani, S., Turhollow, A., Kumar, A., Bransby, D., and, L, Laser, M. Large-scale production, harvest, and logistics of switchgrass—Current technology and envisioning a mature technology. Biofuels, Bioprod. Biorefin. 2009, 3, 124–121.
-.
- Tissari, T., Sippula, O., Kouki, J., Vuorio, K., Jokiniem, J. Fine particle and gas emissions from the combustion of agricultural fuels fired in a 20 kW burner. Energy Fuels 2008, 22, 2033−2042.
- Verma VK, Bram S, De Ruyck J. Small scale biomass heating systems: standards, quality labelling and market driving factors e an EU outlook. Biomass Bioenergy 2009, 33(10): 1393-1402.
- Verma,V.A., S. Bram, G. Gauthier, and J. De Ruyck. 2010. Performance of a domestic pellet boiler as a function of operational loads: Part-2. Biomass and Bioenergy 35 (2011 ) 272-279.
- Wilkins, P.-W. 1997. Preliminary evaluation of some forage grasses as biomass crops for summer harvest in the UK. Aspects of Applied Biology 49:247-250.
- Wilson, T.O., F.M. McNeal, S. Spatari, D.G. Abler, and P.R. Adler. 2012. Densified Biomass Can Cost-Effectively Mitigate Greenhouse Gas. Environ. Sci. Technol. 46, 1270–1277. Emissions and Address Energy Security in Thermal Applications
-.A year ago, Korean-based Company Samsung launched its Samsung Galaxy Note 2 flagship which successfully sold 5 million units for over 128 countries worldwide. The device features 1.6 GHz quad-core processor with 720p resolution display. And 2 GB of RAM and has an amazing storage capacity of 128 GB when the owner uses 64 GB microSD card.
However, this post will not be dealing the smart features of the device, but issues that consumers are experiencing frequently. Problems like keyboard freezing and unexpected stoppage of Google Play Services are the issues I will give emphasis in this post.
Contents
First Issue: Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Keyboard Freezes
The Galaxy Note 2 is among the most powerful devices Samsung built in the last couple of years. While it has received positive feedbacks from critics, it is just not free from problems. Here are a couple of emails we received related to this problem:
Email 1: Hey guys, I hope you could give some enlightenment to my problem. The keyboard on my Note 2 randomly freezes without apparent trigger(s), at least not that I know of. I’m sure of this because all I ever did to it was update it to its latest firmware and everything in it is stock.
Email 2: Droid Guy, it seems that my GN2 keyboard is not working as it was before. There are times when it totally freezes up and I can’t use it for a few seconds. I’m not really a caller-type of person so I often use the phone for text messaging and emails. The freezes are very inconvenient to me. Any suggestion how to fix the problem would surely be appreciated.
Recommendation
The problem is common to users who owned the device for several months already. The culprit is the corrupted cached data, which owners have to clear from time to time. At least, that’s the most effective and safest way that we know of that could solve the problem.
- Go directly to Settings.
- Tap Application Manager.
- Swipe left to choose All tab.
- Select Android Keyboard.
- Tap Clear Data.
- Back to ALL.
- Select Samsung Keyboard.
- Tap force Stop.
- Reboot the device.
10. At this point, the problem should have been solved.
To test the issue of the device, you can simply open your email or Gmail account and create a text message to see if the issue is resolved.
Second Issue: Google Play Services Unexpectedly Stopped
An error like “Google Play Services stopped unexpectedly” in Samsung Galaxy Note 2 is not actually very rare. In fact, many owners have been complaining about it as it also happens randomly, although some experienced it more often than others. However, resolving this issue is not that easy especially if you’re not that familiar with the problem. But this post will help Samsung Galaxy Note 2 owners resolve such issues.
- Go first to the Settings Menu.
- Scroll to and Tap Applications.
- Go to Manage Applications.
- Choose All tab.
- Scroll down and tap Google Play Store.
- Tap Play Store.
- Try Clearing the Data, Clear Cache and uninstall updates. [Please note that all your saved settings and updates will be deleted when you do this.]
In case the problem persists, try to go a little deeper by clearing cache and data of Google Framework Services. Just follow the same steps as above and find Google Framework Services from the list of apps and services..- Genre: Parody Folk, acoustic, comedy
- First Listen: June 2009
- Released: April 2008
- Found out through: Surfing Youtube, then watching their show
- Listen to this while you're: Contemplating the world's troubles
I have a crush on these New Zealand gents. Funny, witty, good tunes, and they have an accent!
*swoon* I had a hard time whether to review the whole album or just one track. I sided with reviewing this particular track because the message of the song is always on my brain and it's also my favorite.
This track questions what, what is wrong with the world today? It's pretty funny and light, but at the same time it's got a ring of truth to it, like most of their songs. For example, one of the lyrics in this song:
They're turning kids into slaves just to make cheaper sneakers. But what's the real cost? 'Cause the sneakers don't seem that much cheaper. Why are we still paying so much for sneakers when you got them made by little slave kids? What are your overheads?
It also has a groovy 70's riff. Oohhh yeahhh....
TTFN! <3
-Avé
I really appreciate all the comments you lovelies leave for me. I read each and every one of them and every time I get a new comment it really makes my day <3 Thank you so much!Breakfast
Monday till Friday 6.30-10.30
Saturday 6.30-12.00
Sunday 6.30-14.00
Marlene-Dietrich-Platz 2
10785 Berlin-Tiergarten
How to get there
The Grand Hyatt located on the pretty dull Potsdamer Platz is big! It is so big that I almost feel a little lost when we step into the lobby of the hotel. With quick steps we walk through the ample hall and are happy when we reach the hotel’s restaurant Vox, where they serve breakfast.
Even though many people have to be seated, thanks to the thought out interior you can find many intimate corners in the lively space. Loud voices, business people who lead obvious phone conversations and bustling activity welcome us at the buffet. And in the midst of it, cool-headed and calm, the service personnel. We got asked if we wished to order à la carte or rather choose from the buffet. We let ourselves be inspired by the long bar and the open kitchen and order at the table.
The buffet holds a huge line up of everything that is normally eaten for breakfast. Everyone who loves a huge variety will be pleased to see this fine assembly of sausages, cheese and fish-specialities, as well as fruits, cereal and cooked, scrambled or fried eggs.
A real highlight is the home-baked bread and the buns. The freshly baked waffles with syrup and the delicious berry mash were fantastic.
Notable was also the extensive choice of international newspapers and the stools that are brought to your table to put your purse on, so you don't have to put it on the floor. All in all this is a very lively place with a huge variety of classic breakfast choices and a very careful and friendly service.This message contains images. If you don't see images,
to view.
Advertise
in this news brief.
Text Version
RSS
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Archive
Media Kit
May 15, 2014
About AEG
Foundation
Sections/Chapters
Students/Educators
Resources
2014 Annual Meeting abstract deadline extended
AEG
The 2014 Annual Meeting abstract deadline has been extended to May 15. Please submit your abstract online
here
. Make sure you read the instructions before you submit your abstract. The username and password are not your member username and password. All abstracts are welcome, but we are looking for abstracts to fill the following sessions:
Land Fills/Waste Fills
Geological Engineering for Transportation Projects
Rockslope Mapping and Mitigation
Geophysics
Probabilistic and Reliability Based Design
Engineering Geology for Mining Projects
Please contact Meeting Manager Heather Clark
via email
or by phone at 303-518-0618.
Share this article:
READ MORE
AEG HEADLINES
AEG would like to thank all volunteers who help put each AEG
Insider
together. This week's brief compilation was completed by Anthony Wohletz.
Special event: Zelma Basha Gallery on Sept. 24
Bashas' via AEG
Enjoy a night of socializing with friends and colleagues, authentic western food and mariachi band.. There are well over 3,000 pieces of art depicting numerous mediums displayed throughout the gallery.
Share this article:
READ MORE
2014 Annual Meeting regeristration open
AEG
AEG 2014 Annual Meeting registration is now open. Be sure to register early, as field trip and short courses are expected to sell out.
to register online and get the latest information on events and presentations. See you in Scottsdale, Arizona, Sept. 20-28!
Status of Geoscience Workforce 2014 Report published:
Geoscientists in demand
American Geosciences Institute via AEG
The American Geosciences Institute's newest Status of the Geoscience Workforce Report, has just been published. The report shows jobs requiring training in the geosciences continue to be lucrative and qualified individuals in demand. Even with increased enrollment and graduation from geoscience programs, federal government projections still predict a shortage of around 135,000 geoscientists by the end of the decade.
Share this article:
READ MORE
National Science Foundation position
National Science Foundation via USAJOBS
National Science Foundation has an opening for division director at the Division of Earth Sciences.
for more information.
Share this article:
READ MORE
TRENDING ARTICLES
Missed last week's issue? See which articles your colleagues read most.
Man-made Earthquakes Update
(U.S. Geological Survey)
Scott Burns details recent Oso landslide, need for better planning
(EARTH Magazine and AEG)
Secretary's Board of Directors mid-year meeting report summary
(AEG)
Rare earthquake warning issued for Oklahoma
(LiveScience)
Don't be left behind.
to see what else you missed.
Join America's PrepareAthon!
U.S. Geological Survey took place on April 30. A second will be held on Sept. 30, with a focus on earthquakes, hazardous materials, pandemic flu and winter weather.
This is a collaborative campaign among the federal family, combining the expertise of many government agencies. America's PrepareAthon! is directed as part of President Barack Obama's
Presidential Policy Directive 8: National Preparedness.
FEMA is leading the effort, leveraging the resources of the Ready Campaign and many years of experience by members of the
National Preparedness Community.
The U.S. Geological Survey is one of the supporters and contributors to the campaign.
for more information.
Share this article:
READ MORE
FEATURED ARTICLE
TRENDING ARTICLE
MOST POPULAR ARTICLE
Free from ASFE/GBA: 2 important legal resources:
ASFE/GBA
ASFE/The Geoprofessional Business Association has published new editions of two important legal references, both prepared for design professionals without use of "legalese;" both available free of charge. Both documents are available
online here.
read more
Baltimore retaining wall failure caught on video
GeoPrac.net
A dramatic retaining wall failure and subsequent landslide damaged several cars and shut down a rail line in Baltimore. The final failure was caught on video by a bystander. The landslide forced a number of residents to be evacuated from their homes.
read more
Scientists look wider and deeper to predict the next El Niño
EARTH Magazine
Of all climate and weather phenomena, the El Niño Southern Oscillation is one of the most well-known for its impact on world climate and human life but is also one of the most puzzling to scientists.
read more
INDUSTRY NEWS
By itself, abundant shale gas unlikely to alter climate projections
Duke University via ScienceDaily
A.
Share this article:
READ MORE
Science highlights
AEG
Check out what’s going on in science and around the industry:
West Antarctic Ice Sheet loss now unstoppable
(American Geophysical Union)
West Antarctic Ice Sheet collapse is under way
(University of Washington)
Naturally occurring methane found in groundwater in New York
(EARTH Magazine)
The curious case of No. 57 Stone
(GeoPrac.net)
Yellowstone geyser eruptions influenced more by internal processes
(Geology Times)
Ringing rocks
(DavidHanauer.com)
New dinosaur species discovered, nicknamed 'Pinocchio rex'
(KSL-TV)
Global team maps nearly 200,000 global glaciers in quest for sea rise answers
(Geology Times)
Report on core drilling in Petrified Forest National Park
(Arizona Geology)
New insight may help predict volcanic eruption behavior
(Geology Times)
Induced seismicity: The potential for triggered earthquakes in Kansas
(Kansas Geological Survey)
Drugs, chemicals seep deep into soil from sewage sludge
(Scientific American)
Share this article:
Against the current with lava flows
Geology Times
An Italian astronomer in the 19th century first described them as "canali" — on Mars' equatorial region, a conspicuous netlike system of deep gorges known as the Noctis Labyrinthus is clearly visible. The gorge system, in turn, leads into another massive canyon, the Valles Marineris, which is 4,000 kilometers long, 200 kilometers wide and 7 kilometers deep. Both of these together would span the U.S. completely from east to west.
May 8, 2014
May 1, 2014
April 24, 2014
Connect with AEG:
7701 Las Colinas Ridge, Ste. 800, Irving, TX 75063The Wolverine after-credits scene is getting some massive buzz this week, as the film starring Hugh Jackman officially hits theaters today. The film’s director, James Mangold, reveals some details about the after-credits scene, while attempting to not give away the entire sequence.
James Mangold sat down this week to discuss Hugh Jackman’s latest film, The Wolverine, which hit theaters today.
While he discussed the film at the length, what fans may be most interested in hearing about is the after-credits scene which links The Wolverine to X-Men: Days of Future Past.
Mangold says, “I had finished the movie and Future Past had started shooting, a couple months ago, and we had been talking about what to do, if anything, in the tail credits of this movie.”
He then said that it was something he and the film’s producer, Simon Kinberg, had been discussing with X-Men: Days of Future Past’s director, Bryan Singer.
The director felt that The Wolverine’s after-credits scene shouldn’t be “tongue-in-cheek,” and that he felt like a lot of the bonus scenes we’ve been greeted by in recent films “make the film into a joke, and that wasn’t interesting to me.”
He continued, saying, “I thought it would be more interesting to say something and give people a piece of a story.” Which is that Logan will be meeting up with his fellow mutants Professor Xavier and Magneto.
If you’d like to enjoy The Wolverine’s after-credits scene in the theater this weekend in its entirety, feel free to stop reading now or check out Hypable’s review of The Wolverine.
James Mangold says that the after-credits sequence was “built around the shot where we’d unveil Patrick (Professor Xavier).” Then Mangold said he created the shot so that Xavier is weaving through all of these “frozen airport patrons” and that Patrick Stewart with a joystick and electric wheelchair was great.
He continues, explaining that it’s not easy to film a shot like that, as Xavier is having to do “a kind of Olympic slalom through all these extras and uh, he’s a badass on that thing.”
When Digital Spy asked Mangold if he was glad it was up to X-Men Days of Future Past director, Bryan Singer, to explain how Charles Xavier was alive after his death in The Last Stand, Mangold revealed, “Yes, it is his job and I know they have one, so I’ll leave it to them to unveil.”
While we’re getting quite used to comic book films using after-credits scenes as a way of linking to future films, The Wolverine after-credits scene is definitely an interesting new twist and a great way to link Hugh Jackman’s character to Bryan Singer’s X-Men Days of Future Past.
If you plan on seeing The Wolverine this weekend, make sure to stay for the after-credits scene (technically mid-credits). It’s definitely worth the wait, and be sure to yell at as many people as you can so they stick around for the additional sequence..
If you have more than 10 users, please call our 24/7 customer support at (480) 505-8877.:
Use of this Site is subject to express terms of use. By using this site, you signify that you agree to be bound by these Universal Terms of Service.
Copyright © 1999 - 2018 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved.Before anyone in Silver Springs, Ga., can buy a sex toy, he or she must have a legitimate doctor’s prescription, or a scientific reason. The sex ordinance has gotten resident Melissa Davenport (pictured) so up-in-arms that she has filed a lawsuit against the town over what she says is an “invasion of privacy,” according to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution.
Davenport feels the government should not get in between her and any sex toy. “(Some people) have this dirty mind about how people are going to use it,” she said. “People really do need devices because they need it for health reasons and to have a healthy intimate life with their spouse.”
She says she suffers from multiple sclerosis, a chronic degenerative disease of the nervous system. “The nerve pathways interfered (with) going to my intimate areas, to the point where I had no feeling.” Davenport says sex toys have helped to save her marriage.
Her lawyer, Gerry Weber, feels the ordinance is ridiculous. “The ordinance basically says the government can stick its nose in your bedroom and say you can use this but not that.” He also argues the ordinance violates the 14th amendment. “People have the right to decide for themselves whether these devices help their intimate life, and the government has no business being the bedroom and second guessing that decision,” Weber contends.
Davenport is not seeking any monetary gains from her lawsuit; she only seeks to have the ordinance deemed unconstitutional.
The city of Silver Springs told AJC they cannot comment on the hot button sex toy issue, but expect to respond to the lawsuit by June.
PhD position/Scholarship in Interdisciplinary Centre for the Artificial Mind
- Recruiter
- BOND UNIVERSITY
- Location
- Gold Coast, Australia
- Posted
- 30 Aug 2017
- End of advertisement period
- 31 Oct 2017
- Ref
- FSD1780
- Academic Discipline
- Engineering & Technology, Computer Science
-.
About the person:
Expressions of interest are sought in any of the areas that will be researched under iCAM. Supervision will be led by Professor Irini Giannopulu. Previous experience in design and coding using C/C++, Java and Matlab would be a significant asset.
Salary details:
Full tuition fees are awarded as well as a tax-free stipend of AU$26,000 per annum for three years.
Further information:
For further information regarding this position please contact the Head of School,
Professor Irini Giannopulu at +61 7 5595 2673 or igiannop@bond.edu.au
Application and submission details:
For further information regarding this PhD appointment please reference the selection criteria document below:
Selection Criteria – PhD & Scholarship iCAM)
Completed applications should be sent to:
Peta Dawson/Kayleigh Corlett
employment@bond.edu.au"This is so beautiful, are shams and pillows available with this duvet cover? What band is this? Is there an estimated time this product will be back in stock? It appears to be very popular."
Plum Blossom King-size Cotton Duvet Cover#: 13113507This plum blossom duvet cover features a 300-thread count cotton sateen face for plush sleeping. With an elegant geometric pattern, this duvet cover adds modern decor to any bedroom.
- Color options: Tan/green/white/pink
- Style: Patterned
- Pattern: Floral
- Thread count: 300
- Fabric detail: Jacquard
- Closing: Button
- Face materials: 100-percent cotton sateen
- Back materials: 100-percent plain cotton
- Care instructions: Machine wash
- Dimensions: 106 inches wide x 92 inches long
The digital images we display have the most accurate color possible. However, due to differences in computer monitors, we cannot be responsible for variations in color between the actual product and your screen.
- Sale
Amrapur Overseas Linen-Cotton Blend 3-Piece Duvet Set
Sale: $83.69 - $97.19
Product Reviews
Questions & Answers
- Q:
- A:
Hello eye4law, I am very sorry but there are not currently shams and pillows available..
- Q:
"Are shams and pillows available with this duvet cover? What band is this?"
- A:
Unfortunately, this item is presently out of stock. We currently do not have inventory to check, so we cannot provide you with an accurate answer. We do<<Share this by copy and pasting the link below.
Nutrition Facts Comparison for:
#1 - Fish salmon Atlantic wild cooked dry heat
100 grams (100g)
#2 - Fish salmon Atlantic wild cooked dry heat
3 oz (85g)
#3 - Fish pompano florida cooked dry heat
3 oz (85g)
Source: USDA National Nutrient Database - Release 28.
* Percent Daily Values are for adults or children aged 4 or older, and are based on a 2,000 calorie reference diet.
Each "~" denotes a missing value.DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – Two employees were shot while working inside a Dayton mini-mart Tuesday night.
The employees called for help around 10:15 from the Express Mart in the 2000 block of Gettysburg Avenue.
Sgt. Justin Poe said it appears that a man came in and started firing. Two employees were hit. They were taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries, according to Poe.
The suspect did not appear to steal anything while inside the store.
“It appears very random at this point. We’re not sure exactly on a motive. Certainly that is what we’re looking for in this,” said Sgt. Poe.
The shooter was dressed in black with his face covered. He was last seen running from the scene.
Police are looking at surveillance video in hope of identifying him.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 222-7867.The IT job market is heating up.
Over the last year, nearly 113,000 jobs in the computer science and IT professions were added, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) data that was provided by Janco Associates Inc., a management consulting firm.
Prospects have been particularly bright over the last three months, said Janco CEO Victor Janulaitis, whose analysis reflects BLS data and interviews with nearly 100 CIOs over the last several weeks. Most of the companies Janco interviewed had annual IT budgets in the range of $50 million to $300 million.
“The bottom line is that for the last three months, IT hiring has been on a definite uptrend and as we look ahead in the first and second quarter … CIOs are looking to add staff,” Janulaitis said in a phone interview with Channel Partners.
In a press release, Janulaitis cited a shortage of expertise in cloud-based applications and mobile computing.
Janulaitis said a number of CIOs plan to offer contractors fulltime employment after companies’ senior management authorized CIOs to add staff. IT hiring is particularly heating up on the West Coast and mid-Atlantic from Boston to Philadelphia, while the market in Chicago is not as strong, Janulaitis said.
A CIO Janulaitis interviewed last week on the West Coast had been told for the last two-and-a-half years that he could not hire more employees.
“All of a sudden he’s been told you can now add staff,” Janulaitis said.
BLS data shows 10 consecutive months of growth in the computer science and IT jobs market, with the creation of roughly 30,000 jobs over the last three months alone. In December, 7,900 jobs were added versus 12,700 the previous month, BLS data shows. The government figures can be somewhat deceiving, Janulaitis cautioned, because they are often updated over a period of months.
While the data is encouraging for the IT market, it only tells part of the nation’s labor story. Last month, CNBC reported, the labor participation rate fell to a 37-year low of 62.7 percent while wages declined by 5 cents an hour.
How to Be a Successful Digital Transformation Partner
January 16 2018 @ 17:15:17 UTC
See overarching disconnect in BC/DR views from IT pros vs. channel partners. Download report now:
January 16 2018 @ 16:50:13 UTC.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
Member since:
2008-10-09
Any examples? I have experience with AIX as a bystander in awe to see the Oracle DB blast on it. So as Oracle ran on it, I thought it was uber cool machine. At the time the solution was using IBM F50 RS/6000 system and the I liked CDE on it a lot, the color scheme for terminal was really cool and the box was BIG compared to all the PCs around. So I thought it is a rock solid system and therefore I would really like to hear about some real experience in supporting such OS.Bibliography - "Everyday Politics in Agricultural Water Management"
Following is a selection of major peer-reviewed contributions that deal with water governance issues. It gives a specific insight into everyday politics within the agricultural water management realm. A brief comment introduces each reference to facilitate users’ reading.
The concept of everyday water politics relate to the contested nature of the daily use of water resources and gives a lens through which we can examine how the (local) social relations of power shape and are shaped by water resource use practices.
The concept actively engages with the close link between social relations and the physical environment in which actors operate, including the biophysical landscape, technologies and hydraulic infrastructure. It offers the possibility to reflect on how social constructs such as gender, class, and ethnicity shape access to and control over water resources at local level and how this relates to structuring forces at larger spatial scales such as economic doctrines, socio-political structures, and culture and religion. The concepts builds on the understanding that institutions, in terms of the rules in use, that govern water use are constantly renegotiated, interpreted and rearranged at local level by socially positioned actors. This bibliography specifically focuses on agricultural water use.
This reference list is an output from the Geneva Water Hub Research Network Consolidating Grants attributed to Dr Jeltsje Sanne Kemerink-Seyoum from UNESCO-IHE.
The full document available below:I had November off from painting the little guys, not because I needed it off but the mantle of finishing off the Project Waterloo figures became somewhat heavier than in reality it was. So once the 6th landed I was off and running and it sure felt good. I still have a few bits to finish before the figure side of Project Waterloo is put to bed but I am fairly confident they will be done before December is out. That's ahead of schedule by five months, plenty to be happy about.
This is the 1st Silesia Landwehr Regiment and the last part of the infantry I need for the IV Corp. Not that I have painted up all the infantry that makes up the Corp but all I will need for the Waterloo game. At some point in the future I will get round to painting up all the other troops from all four Corps but before then I will be taking a break from painting up any more Prussians though other Napoleonic's will cross the painting table. Mostly Spanish, Polish and French allies but that is next year.
The 1st Silesia had Jagers attached so I got to paint them up in green for a change. The battalions are all Adler whilst the Jagers are Baccus and actually work OK together even though the Baccus are thicker set.
I cut all the Adler from their longer bases so they were not as loosely spaced and this went better than it had done in the past though it does add a little to the time taken and you end up with a little mountain of snips.
Here is the second battalion, again in column, maybe they are out of step as their mounted officer just can not stand to watch them any longer.
The yellow was it's usual challenge but Vallejo Flat Yellow to the rescue. I used a black primer instead of the usual blue I have used for most of the previous units.
Not sure what happened with the 3rd Battalion images which is a shame as it was the only one in line. So what next? I still have two Landwehr cavalry regiments, another regular Lancer regiment and a single limber and that's the lot. Should get them up straight after the bonus round. More 6mm to be blogged here that has already been published in the Challenge but I will drip feed you here ;-)
I never tire of seeing these miniatures Ian, lovely work Sir.
Thanks, though they will be taking a bit of a back seat in the coming months as other projects take up centre stage (including other 6mm fun)
Ian
Great work Ian!
Thanks Ray
Ian
Ahead by five months? Wow!
Well, with the help of buying some already painted figures which helped
Ian
You certainly have done a tremendous job with getting these done. Keep it up!
I do have a sense of achievement and am only just starting to realise how crazy we were to do it in the first place
Ian
These are wonderful and I am in awe of the little wee men
Thanks, I feel the same way when you roll out your 28's
ian
Excellent work on these wee guys Ian!
Cheers Roger
Ian
Stunning work!
I'm fascinated by the detail you brought to those tiny, tiny chaps.
Well the detail was in the sculpting so I just pick it out though in truth I don't always paint all the detail supplied
ian
Excellent job once again!
Thanks Phil, really looking forward to the Macedonian pike blocks I have planned later on
Ian168 specialists on toxic chemical substances from 10 countries are participating in the international Toxic Valley 2017 training held at the training centre in Zemianske Kostoľany (Trenčín Region) until September 29.
The exercise is being attended by specialists from Slovakia, Belgium, the Czech Republic, France, Hungary, Poland, Slovenia and the USA, with soldiers from Germany and the United Kingdom participating as observers, the SITA newswire reported.
The teams will train and unify steps in taking samples, identifying toxic chemical substances and decontaminating them, along with cooperation when fulfilling tasks related to real toxic chemical substances.
The activities are divided into two parts. The first one, ending on September 22, is focused on training sample-gathering teams. The second one, held between September 25 and 29, will be focused on the skills of chemical identification laboratory crews, SITA reported.
19. Sep 2017 at 14:21 | Compiled by Spectator staffTurns out it is today that I find out, Cath and Simon (the surgeon) will be coming over at about 5 to tell me the plan. If it’s surgery then I will have that as soon as possible (but I want to go on holiday!). Who knows what will happen. I’m a bit nervous I think because I’m quite quiet today.
I was given anti-sickness this morning and I took it even though I didn’t feel sick and now I feel sick so that’s not fantastic.
I don’t have much to say..I must be nervous.
Advertisements
We’ll all be thinking of you. I’ve been showing my cats the picture of Eshaness so they can learn vibing!
It must be horrible waiting for 5pm. Love, Jill
Hi Rosie, I can well imagine that you are nervous, as probably are the rest of the family too. I guess you just have to try and be patient – and realise that the pain at not knowing is worse than actually finding out. Sorry can’t be more helpful. No doubt you mum or dad will be with you during the afternoon, so hopefully the ‘in limbo’ time will pass quickly. Remember that people on here are all rooting for you too!
On another note, am sure I’ve got a blister on my rear end through cycling so am giving it a rest today! Also there was no bread left at the boulangerie, as flaming tourists had had it all (14th July) so rather than the beef sandwich I’d envisaged we had to make do with porridge for lunch!
Thinking of you lots
love mags.
So much for making Friday exciting! I expect a few of us will be queasy with you as you wait; at least then you’ll know what you have to get your teeth into next. xx
Tell you what, waste some time by sketching some ideas for your chemo tattoo, they seem to be all the rage. I tried to read one on a girl’s calf in tesco the other day (whilst also trying not to look as if I was a stalker ) which started “Love chemo, live chemo, breathe chemo..” or something like that. I came home & googled the topic (what DID we do to avoid work before the internet?) & found one on someone’s arm which read “Smooth seas do not make good sailors, either side a rather beautiful image of the molecular structure of her drug. I rather like life story tattoos, but I don’t think we brits have a very artistic history of them, we tend to have drunken doodles or jump on other peoples’ cultural bandwagons. How many people have oriental characters which actually say Stupid Foreigner Thinks This Says Something Cool. So off you go, 3 designs before 5 o’clock please!
GOOD LUCK x
Hope you’re okay Rosie. I think a siesta is in order.
Steve is at home with Eshaness so I hope he’s instructed her to vibe hard.
We’re all vibing hard for you too,
Mic x
Good that you don’t have to wait so long to know next steps. Who wouldn’t feel nervous, probably why you feel sick despite the meds. Everything crossed here. x
Hey Rosie, we are all thinking of you today – found a little list of ideas on a boy’s blog who is in hospital a lot to help keep your mind off the clock
1)Taking Naps
2)Blogging – already done
3)Walking the grounds
4)”Terrorizing” Student nurses – slightly mean but could be very funny!
5) TV series marathon
6) Board games
7) Make a scrapbook
8) Decorate your hospital room if you are allowed!
I hope it helps take your mind off things for a little while, fingers crossed for you today
Sara xxxx
Will be thinking of you this afternoon Ro. Probably good it’s today rather than having to wait til Friday isn’t it? It is certainly better for my crossed eyes – could hardly make it out of the station this morning for bumping into people, to say nothing of the difficulty of finding one’s ticket in an over-filled handbag when you’re fingers are crossed! Good luck – stay strong and remember your excellent plan. x
Thinking about you all day, love….all crossable bits crossed….and some that really shouldn’t be……:D xxxxxxxx
Thinking of you.
Ali xx
….AND…whislt I think about it…..WHY does everyone else have these really rather nice little tile icon dooberies and I just got this frankly rather dull green border, hmm????
Good Luck Rosie, thinkin of you
xxxx
Have just opened your blog …. just relaxing for a while, after a long and busy day at work (- I now have 2 students with leukemia to support with their education [10 years and 13 years old], as well as others with different health issues ….. they are all so lovely … challenging as well ….. and full of cheeky humour sometimes …… they make me smile 😉
Hoping with all my heart that your news was what you wanted to hear this afternoon.
Thinking of you daily, as I drive round the sunny Warwickshire countryside, inbetween my student visits!
Grab hold of life ….. a good plan!
Love from us all,
Deb and gang xxxxxxxxxx
I hope you had good news today Rosie. Thinking of you and hoping for a happy update tomorrow.
If not, I may have to get myself a cat just to help with the vibing (or I could borrow one of next doors and train it up, I’m sure they wouldn’t notice if I only kept it for short periods of time lol)
Helen xx
lots of love Rosie , thinking of you tonight ,…………………. I will tell you some thing funny ! I have EF students staying with me this year , First time have done this the Girls I have are 12 and 13 , They arrived last night late had to be at wemouth collage this morn at 9.00 , They were ready to go by 7.30 ! ……. so they have been out all day , getting to know wemouth ect .. . they came in for tea then have been out to night for more acttivites , well at tea we were talking they said , why do the peoiple in weymouth not go to work ? I said well they do !… they said well when we were out today they were all sleeping on the Beach !!!!! xxx
sorry Rosie thats not at all funny on reading it the girls are here from China xxx
Hi Rosie, just to say am thinking of you…am writing this whilst eating my breakfast! Need to then go and get bread and go shopping. Did some walking yesterday and will do the same again today as am protecting my nether end!!
love mags.
Hi Rosie, just to say I’m thinking of you too.
I had an MRI today. The noise is horrendous, but I was vibing for you during it.
Mic and Eshaness x
Always read your blog. I just wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you today. x
Me too xxx
How are you doing today Rosie? Hope the news yesterday was not as bad as you expected and there is more hope and better news to come in the future. We are all sending our healthy and positive vibes whilst we think of you. All the best Rosie, xxxTwenty Haiku
- Artist: P.C. Mu oz
- Format: CD
- Release Date: 8/8/2006
'twenty haiku' features PC Munoz's radical re-imagining of the ancient Japanese poetic art, spontaneously set to music by improvising musicians. Guests include jazz drumming great Scott Amendola, Asian-American Orchestra director Anthony Brown, electronic music wiz bLevin bLectum, Broun Fellinis beatmaster Kevin Carnes, and many more. The accompanying website features exclusive artwork created for each haiku. Recommended by the Wall Street Journal.
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your version of Flash Player.
Get ADOBE® FLASH® Player.3M™ Dental Professionals
Sinter more units with the Lava™ Furnace 200 Increase the output of your lab with the new 3M™ Lava™ Furnace 200 by reducing sintering times and producing more units per sintering cycle. 3M™ worked with Dekema® to customize the newly-developed Austromat ® μSiC® hightemperature furnace for Lava™ Zirconia. This means that you'll now get a furnace from one of the most innovative manufacturers, adapted specifically for Lava™ Copings and Frameworks. This furnace features software for telediagnosis, so that it may be serviced remotely by 3M™ personnel. The heating elements are distinguished by their extraordinary long operating life. Installation is simple, since the furnace automatically adjusts to the supplied voltage.U.S., Mexico and Canada ask FIFA to expedite 2026 World Cup decision with approval by next year
While bidding for a World Cup is typically a years-long process, the United States, Mexico and Canada are asking FIFA to make its decision much more quickly on the joint bid they announced Monday.
The official timeline to select a host for the 2026 World Cup is set for May 2020, but the joint CONCACAF bid has asked FIFA to begin considering their proposal next month, with a decision that could come as quickly as next year, well ahead of schedule.
The bid group formally sent a letter to FIFA asking that matter be taken up at FIFA’s Ordinary Congress meeting on May 11. Then, after the group submits their proposal, the host could be approved the next time the FIFA Congress meets in 2018.
The letter specifically asks that FIFA first consider only the joint USA-Mexico-Canada bid before opening the process to other bidders. If the joint bid does not meet FIFA’s technical specifications (which is unlikely), then it would be opened up other bids. Right now, the CONCACAF group is the only one to announce its intention to bid.
While FIFA agreeing to a non-competitive window in the bidding process would be unusual, it would also probably cut out an unnecessarily long period of deliberation. Any North American bid would be the front-runner since the region has gone the longest without hosting a World Cup, and this bid encompasses all of the North American countries most capable of hosting a World Cup.
An expedited bidding process might also be attractive to FIFA now that it has voted to expand the World Cup beginning in 2026. At 48 teams, the 2026 World Cup will be the biggest-ever iteration of the tournament, and it makes sense to give the host as much times as possible to prepare.
If FIFA agrees to the CONCACAF bid group’s proposal, the U.S., Mexico and Canada would probably be confirmed hosts during next summer’s World Cup. Although the 2018 FIFA Congress isn’t yet set, it would likely happen during the World Cup in Russia and a vote on the 2026 World Cup host could be done then. The FIFA Congress met during the 2014 and 2010 World Cups.
MORE FROM FOX SOCCERThis movie was a national award winning movie from Tamil that didn’t have any full length songs. The background score from the King was out of the world and it had 4 short songs – I am featuring one of them. A must watch and it will definitely feature in my 50 Tamil movies to watch before you die list. If you search for this movie on Google, you will end up finding only about the namesake crap that came in Hindi…
Unnai Thedi Thedi
Movie: Houseful (1999)
Director: Parthiban
Actors: Parthiban, Vikram, Suvalakshmi
Singer: Bhavatharini
Comment on FacebookAt first, your parents will bug the hell out of you about why you're single, and when you will meet someone -- blah, blah, blah. It's the standard, especially when you're over the age of 18 and the holidays are approaching.
Forgot you're single, and you're having the time of your life? Oh, they'll remind you about how single you are.
And how sad the single life must be.
But here's the weird shitty part: once you do land yourself a beau, your parents will really start to make your life a living hell...
"YOU'RE DATING...HIM!?
You finally have a girlfriend? Too bad your mom doesn't like her...
When The New GF talks over your mom -- shit starts to get real.
And mami is loud about her thoughts about your new girl -- in front of her.
Lack of filter much, mami? ;____;
Papi will make sure you know their are several guns he can use on you -- if need be. Protecting his little princessa is his job.
And you'll learn real quick that the kitchen knife mami uses if not just for cooking -- but just in case she needs to chop your beau's body parts.
Trying to laugh today? Follow my collection: FUNNY LATINO THINGSSearch
Free Essays
Free English-language Films Essays
The Scarlet letter
The Scarlet letter
PAGES
3
WORDS
4 Scarlet letter
The Scarlet letter was a book about a women who had comited a crime called adultry she had to wear a letter "A" on her clothes so everyone would know that she committed a crime. She loved a man she could never be seen with who she had a child with named Pearl. There are many ways that the scarlet letter was shown in the context of this book. Some of the ways the scarlet letter was shown in the contexts, the letter "A", Pearl, and the meteor in the sky.
The letter "A" was the letter Hester had to wear on her clothes because she did a bad thing. She committed adultry with Arthur Dimmesdale the minister of the town. A quote that shows how the letter "A" on Hester\'s clothes stands for adultry is " Hester Prynne were now impressed as if they beheld her for the first time,-was that SCARLET LETTER, so fantastically embroidered and illuminated upon her bosom."( Hawthorne 36
). Another quote from the book is Hester Prynne,- yes, at herself,- who stood on the scaffold of the pillory, an infant on her arm, and the letter A, in scarlet, fantastically embrodered with gold thread, upon her bosom" (Hawthorne 39). There are many other quotes that show how the letter "A" is the scarlet letter.
Pearl the child of Hester is a sign of adultry. Hester had Pearl because she comited adultry with Arthur Dimmesdale. Arthur dosen\'t admit he\'s the father of Pearl till the end of the book before he dies. The quote " WE HAVE AS YET hardly spoken of the infant: that little creature, whose innocent life had sprung,by the inscrutable decree of Providence, a lovely and immortal flower, out of the rank luxuriance of guilty passion." (Hawthorne 59). Shows how the child is a sign of the scarlet letter. Another quote is " Gazing at Pearl, Hester Prynne often dropped her work upon her knees, and cried out with an agony which she would fain have hidden," (Hawthorne 63). This shows how she is upset about what she did with the minister.
The meteor in the sky left a mark of the letter "A". Hester and Arthur Dimmesdale and Pearl saw the letter in the sky the night when Dimmesdale stold on the scafold with Hester and Pearl. a quote that shows this is " A great red letter in the sky,- the letter A," ( Hawthorne 105). The letter in the sky was a sign of adultry in the eye\'s of Hester and Dimmesdale.
There are many other sgins that show adultry and the scarlet letter. The scarlet letter was worn on any one who did the crime. The book "The Scarlet letter" was a good book.
View Full Essaytag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7258322562721325894.post5648413245634930050..comments2018-01-13T20:43:51.353+02:00Comments on How To Code: Azure VPN install hangs on Windows 10Jussi Palonoreply@blogger.comBlogger2125tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7258322562721325894.post-89835680012423409742017-11-30T12:44:25.242+02:002017-11-30T12:44:25.242+02:00nice blognice blogChristopher get the information about Azure from here: https...I get the information about Azure from here: <a href="" rel="nofollow"></a> but in here there are more news on it but it's true problem for Azure. Recently I was trying to install Azure. But same case here, my windows also hanged and then I uninstall it. But I can't understand why my windows going hang. Matt James Darcey… Read
In this article we will show you how you can display link description below your links in your template. This tutorial was requested via our twitter profile.
Moving a WordPress Installation from Local Server to a Live Site
After.
How.
How to Organize Your WordPress Blogroll Links?
Many..
15+ Plugins to Unleash the Invincible Power of jQuery and WordPress
jQuery, one of the best thing that happened to programming. jQuery is fast and concise yet it is able to produce mindblowing.
14 Truly Artistic WordPress Header Designs
WordPress designs are often overlooked, and so are some of the web designers. But the truth is that there are a lot of WordPress designs that are worthy of the same attention as other art works receive in galleries. Below we have highlighted 14 truly artistic WordPress header designs that will make you look twice and want to stare at it for hours.LONDON (REUTERS) - Milos Raonic changes his shoes, sometimes twice, during his matches at Wimbledon to avoid slips and the big Canadian maintained his sure-footed progress to stride into the fourth round on Saturday (July 8).. per cent of his first-serve points and 81 percent on second serve - Raonic also proved more than capable at the baseline, often engaging in long rallies with a man well-used to the claycourt grind.
 'I'll always do quite well in the short points'; that I can be there for the long ones too.".">>. Dana M Holwitt
Dr. Dana M Holwitt, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Montclair, NJ. Her specialties include Surgery and Surgical Oncology. Dr. Holwitt has received 3 awards. She speaks English.
/-74.216056,40.8152 Plastic Surgery Group37 N Fullerton Ave
Montclair, NJ 07042
Get Directions
Specialties
Dr. Dana M Holwitt
1 Expertise
- Surgery
Board Certifications
See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.
Board Certified
Reviews
Showing 5 of 23
Awards
3 Awards
Compassionate Doctor Recognition (2014, 2016)
Compassionate Doctor certification is granted to physicians who treat their patients with the utmost kindness. The honor is granted based on a physician's overall and bedside manner scores.
Patients' Choice Award (2016, 2014).
Accepted Insurance
Dr. Dana M Holwitt accepts the following insurance providers.
- View by Location
Locations & DirectionsThe Plastic Surgery Group, 37 N Fullerton Ave, Montclair, NJ
Nearby Doctors
Dr. Dana M Holwitt is similar to the following 0 Doctors near Montclair, NJ.
Conditions
- Lung Cancer
- Metastatic Melanoma
- Skin Cancer
- View AllTotal Hotel Score
from 10,9 USD – Apartment
from 10,7 USD – Hostel
from 10,6 USD – Hotel
from 12,1 USD – Hotel
Guest accommodation
Guest accommodation
Hotel
from 16,8 USD – Hotel
0.15 km
20 meters west, Cross to Wenhua Road and Hude Mulin Street,Baotou 014030, Baotou
0.21 km
No.7 Hudemulin Street 014000, Baotou
0.22 km
No.19 Wenhua Road, Qingshan District, Baotou City 014000, Baotou
0.52 km
No.41 Wenhua Road 014030, Baotou
* Distances are measured as a straight line, calculated from a starting point to a destination point
All bookings are confirmed instantly. No waiting, no email exchanges, no confusion.
Y.
Rooms: 26
Guests are required to show a valid government-issued ID card or passport upon check-in.
Electric kettle
Toilet, Hairdryer, Slippers, Shower, Bathroom, Free toiletries
Air conditioning, Clothes rack, Seating Area, Heating
Cable Channels, Flat-screen TV
Towels
This room has air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. The private bathroom is fitted with shower.
Electric kettle
Slippers, Hairdryer, Toilet, Bathroom, Free toiletries, Shower
Heating, Seating Area, Clothes rack, Air conditioning
Computer, Flat-screen TV, Cable Channels
Towels
Featuring a computer, this room has air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. The private bathroom is fitted with shower.
Electric kettle
Hairdryer, Bathroom, Toilet, Slippers, Free toiletries, Shower
Seating Area, Heating, Clothes rack, Air conditioning
Flat-screen TV, Cable Channels
Towels
This room has air conditioning and a flat-screen TV. The private bathroom is fitted with shower.
After booking, all of the hotel’s details, including telephone and email address, are provided in the online booking confirmation, confirmation email.
WiFi available in all areas
24-hour front desk, Tour desk
Shared lounge/TV area
Daily maid serviceThe American Logistics Aid Network (ALAN) has been formed to assist relief agencies in providing humanitarian aid in preparation for and in response to a disaster. Responding to last year's hurricanes in the gulf and the tsunami in the Indian Ocean, the group announced its official formation at the annual conference of the Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals (CSCMP) in San Antonio.
The American Logistics Aid Network is a collaborative association that includes members of trade associations representing many phases of logistics and the supply chain. In theory ALAN will be able to call upon the combined resources of thousands of companies across the country to assist relief agencies prior to and during a disaster, develop the supply chain processes needed to effectively respond, and assist agencies in the collection, routing, and delivery of supplies to a disaster area. Companies and individuals will sign up to volunteer their skills and services in advance to the American Logistics Aid Network. In the event of a disaster, ALAN will work with government and relief organizations to ascertain logistics, supply, and transportation needs and provide assistance as required. ALAN will then contact member volunteers to alert them of specific needs and facilitate their responses.
"ALAN's mission is to unite the supply-chain community to support and assist humanitarian relief efforts," said Mark Richards, one of the founding members of the new initiative and vice president of Associated Warehouses in Los Angeles. He added that the group has been working on the initiative for the past year and is moving forward with a campaign to enlist the support of additional private corporations, industry associations, and individuals.
The following associations are the founding members of ALAN:
- AFFI-American Frozen Food Institute
- CSCMP-Council of Supply Chain Management Professionals
- FMI-Food Marketing Institute
- GMA-Grocery Manufacturers Association
- IARW-International Association of Refrigerated Warehouses
- IRTA-International Refrigerated Transportation Association
- IWLA-International Warehouse and Logistics Association
- MHEDA-Material Handling Equipment Distributors Association
- MHIA-Material Handling Industry of America
- WERC-Warehousing Education and Research CouncilNotes: This pie chart is not to scale. Also, some people thought this was Pictionary. Also, the math is wrong. Also, I don’t know what one of the slices says.
2% Like we’re curious about panties
3% Like a bad version of Bohemian Rhapsody
15% Like taking creepy “author” photos
25% We don’t understand the question
50% Drunk
Advertisements- Geoff Zahn pitched in the majors from 1973-1985. Geoff was drafted by the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1968. He was drafted by three other teams in 1966 and 1967, but he elected to remain at the University of Michigan. Zahn finally signed with the Dodgers in '68. Zahn pitched in the Dodgers' system from 1968-1973. He finally made it to the Dodgers in late 1973 at the age of 27. Zahn pitched in six games (1 start) and was 1-0 with a 1.35 ERA.
- Zahn pitched in 21 games (10 starts) in 1974 and was 3-5 with a 2.03 ERA. He wasn't used in the postseason. Geoff pitched in two games for the Dodgers in 1975 (0-1, 9.00 ERA) and was traded with Eddie Solomon to the Chicago Cubs for Burt Hooton. Geoff was 2-7 with a 4.45 ERA in 16 games (10 starts) for the Cubs in 1975.
- Geoff spent most of the 1976 season pitching for AAA Wichita. He was 0-1 with a 10.80 ERA in three games (two starts) for the Cubs and was released after the 1976 season. Zahn joined the Minnesota Twins during spring training in 1977 and made the team. Geoff had picked up a hard slider and was successful with it. He started a streak of six seasons in a row of getting 10 or more victories. In 1977 Zahn was 12-14 with a 4.68 ERA.
- Zahn was a solid starter in 1978 (14-14, 3.03 ERA) and in 1979 (13-7, 3.57 ERA). Geoff missed five weeks of the 1979 season with an injury. His ERA went up to 4.41 and he was 12-18 for the Twins in 1980. Zahn became a free agent after the 1980 season and signed with the California Angels.
- Geoff was 10-11 with a 4.41 ERA in 1981. He had his biggest season in 1982. Zahn went 18-8 and had a 3.73 ERA. He started and lost game 3 of the 1982 ALCS, giving up three runs in 3.2 innings.
- Zahn had his 10+ victory streak broken in 1983 -- he was 9-11 with a 3.33 ERA in 28 starts. In 1984 Geoff went 13-10 with a 3.12 ERA and led the AL with five shutouts.
- Geoff had an injury in 1985 and missed about three months. He started 7 games and was 2-2 with a 4.38 ERA. Zahn was released after the 1985 season.
- Zahn was selected as the coach of Michigan University in 1995, replacing Bill Freehan. He coached the team through the 2001 season. After his time at Michigan Zahn did color commentary for college baseball telecasts. Geoff Zahn's official website. He is now a Christian and motivational speaker. Here is an article Geoff wrote about arm injuries. Here is an article he wrote about a pre-season throwing program he used. The University of Michigan's Pitcher of the Year award is named after Geoff.
- Liked to face: Ken Griffey (.130 in 23 AB); Harold Baines (.136 in 22 AB); Bump Wills (.138 in 29 AB)
- Hated to face: Bert Campaneris (.545 in 22 AB); Bob Kearny/Mario Guerrero (.476 in 21 AB); Hal McRae (.400 with 5 HR in 70 AB)Are you sure?
This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?
Empowering Citizens To Improve Their Community
In Slatina, Romania the local waste collection contractor, Salubris SA, has managed trash collection for 70,000 city residents since 1998. Although the service is provided more regularly and efficiently than in the past, piles of garbage and waste often gather uncollected for weeks on streets and in front of apartment buildings. As promptness in collecting the garbage needed improvement and the local authorities did not exercise enough control over the contractor, citizens of Slatina (Olt County) decided it was time for them to step in. In December 2002, local governments and civil society representatives were invited to compile a list of issues for which USAID could provide assistance. USAID helped the citizens develop an innovative monitoring system in response to requests from Slatina officials for help in enforcing good quality services from private contractors. Volunteers in Slatina were invited to help their city halls monitor the quality of their sanitation services. Part of the monitoring system involved basic citizen education about customer rights for local public service delivery. Leaflets on sanitation and waste collection services were distributed to the community describing procedures for filing complaints and monitoring the service quality. In 2002, GRASP was established as a means for USAID to provide assistance in decentralization of government and support to local authorities through sustainable public/private partnerships. With USAID support, the citizens of Slatina negotiated with the private contractors and city hall in defining practical indicators of service quality, such as frequency of street cleaning, solid waste collection, time response for snow removal, and the cleaning of waste container and waste collection trucks. Two hundred citizen monitors drawn from 130 condominium associations fill out report cards each month and send them to city hall. Slatina city officials convey the results from these monthly reports to Salubris S.A. and to the local press in order to inform the public about the performance of the service provider and improve the service.
“We are the clients of the public service and we need and expect good quality services. This is the way we help the service provider to be informed of its day by day performance. Our proposals and suggestions challenge the company to be more effective.” - A condominium association representative
The citizen volunteers have expressed great satisfaction in working to improve the environment in their neighborhoods and have become increasingly empowered in dealing with Salubris SA. With the support from Salubris S.A. general manager and the Mayor of Slatina, the monitoring system will be a permanent activity run by the municipality in cooperation with the Condominium Associations.
Photo: GRASP/ Kristina Creosteanu
Citizens in the city of Slatina, the capital of Olt County, learn to monitor sanitation services.
USAID
United States Agency for International Development
Success StoryWe’ve resolved our car problems by buying a new one, and a brand, spanking new one at that. This is evidence of my slip into capitalism, as I swore I would never buy a new car, only used. It’s probably laziness that leads to this.
Anyway, it will be a 1.6 Skoda Octavia Ambiente. A highly regarded car in the motoring press: reliable, roomy, big boot, cheap, very practical. It’ll be great for getting around the Island with room for the buggy and car seat. We’re trading in both the lovely Audi A4 (done me for 6 years and 70k miles) and Hannah’s Suzuki Swift (done Hannah for 6 years abnd 24k on the Island). The car salesman gave a generous trade-in on the Swift, not so good on the A4, and we couldn’t get him to budge on the price. I have read Skoda dealers are difficult to talk down because their cars are already very well priced compared to the competition. Skoda are also running a good 0% finance deal, so we don’t have to shell out loads of readies upfront.
The garage is trying to source us a car out of dealer stock, so have been ringing around other dealers to find whether they have a car we get get fairly quickly, and so we don’t know what colour. We do have a registration number, but I’m not going to post that on a public website.I always believe in the power of time. And how timely the universe map out our destiny for us. This afternoon, I realised my iTunes playlist that was shuffling all music, went through a couple of Chet Bakers. One that really hit hard on this shattered heart is, of course, “Time After Time”.
I used to be in love. Funnily, I wanted someone I can never comprehend why. Maybe it’s one of my brilliant theories of compatibility, and relationships. This person I wanted was the unattainable. Just because of how we are so different from each other, traits, behaviours, tastes, interests and also circumstances. But I always thought you need someone, the opposite of who you are, to complement you.
I promised myself the weirdest thing, that this person will eventually come to realise that she is for me. I don’t know what made me think that. We discussed how she is not interested in me and we should remain friends. I tried over and over again to convince myself that not by any realities that this partnership will work. And my subconscious dreamt of her, over and over again, for the past two years.
But I told the universe I wanted her. And the universe (sort of) told her that she needed me. For the weirdest favours, in the oddest circumstances.
For example, after 2 years plus, I asked again for a second chance, for a date on a particular day. And she said, we have agreed to be friends and this cannot be led on anymore. The day came and she needed me for a favour and we end up meeting and spending the evening with friends.
But love, love is painful. In an ideal world, we can never be together.
What I need to do is to tell myself, this is not love. This can’t be love. How can you fall for someone who doesn’t have feelings for you, who you don’t really know, who might not love you as much as you love them, who might not be a great supporting partner for the person that you aspire to be?
This is not love.
Time after Time, I shall remind myself of that.
And please help remind myself too. So universe can send me someone else.
One thought on “Time after Time”
When I was much younger, I passed out while getting blood drawn, and I basically thought I went to hell. I was afraid, alone, threatened, confused, lost, terrified, and wasn’t sure what “I” meant. I wanted more than anything to just be able to understand what was happening. I was in darker than darkness and utterly terrified, though I didn’t know of what, and it didn’t matter. When I came to, I was so relieved to understand what I was seeing. I started balling. I told no one about that experience. That was over 10 years ago.Euphorbiaceae Manihot esculenta Crantz, Manihot sp.
Source: Magness et al. 1971Source: Magness et al. 1971
Manioc, or Cassava, is a highly important food crop of the tropics and is grown to some extent in the Southern States, mainly for stock feed. The plant is a large herbaceous shrub up to 10 feet, resembling castor bean in appearance, with large, compound leaves. It is cultivated for the large, tuberous roots which are rich in starch and are the source of tapioca, Brazilian arrow root, and other foods. The tuberous roots form in a cluster at the stem base. Plants are propagated by stem pieces laid horizontally in furrows, somewhat like sugar cane. The roots used as food sources are formed entirely underground. Only 15 acres were reported for continental U.S., 1954 census, but there is substantial production in Puerto Rico and Hawaii.THE outgoing president of the Sheffield Chamber of Commerce, Jillian Thomas, is leaving a lasting legacy by establishing the Sheffield Chamber of Commerce Hall of Fame.
The Hall of Fame, which was officially unveiled at the sell-out presidents’ dinner at Sheffield Cathedral, will be based at Sheffield Chamber of Commerce’s offices and will honour heroes and role models across the community and business world.
The first three inductees to the Hall of Fame are The Women of Steel, who kept the munitions factories working during wartime, Heaven 17’s Martyn Ware and Richard Caborn, project lead for the Olympic Legacy Park.
Ms Thomas.”
Ms Thomas said: “As a business organisation, the chamber focuses mainly on those who manufacture goods or provide services, but tonight, as president, I wanted to acknowledge the astonishing fiscal importance that Sheffield, as a music and an arts city, adds to the regional economy.
“All of us present tonight need to accept responsibility for the task ahead,” she told the guests. “We are all ambassadors for Sheffield.”Home > SSL Certificates Recent Changes The following pages were changed recently. You're currently watching the changes inside the en namespace. You can also view the recent changes of the whole wiki. View changes of PagesMedia filesBoth pages and media files 01/15/2018 at 16:16 Using the SMTP server of your Simple Hosting Instance – [The default SMTP server] Nicolas C. (Gandi) 01/10/2018 at 11:39 WebSocket on the Web Accelerator – Drop Alpha support Alexandre L. (Gandi) 01/10/2018 at 11:27 WebSocket on Simple Hosting – Remove content and add notice saying that the feature doesn't exist at the moment. Alexandre L. (Gandi) 01/09/2018 at 13:07 Frequently Asked Questions for Simple Hosting – [How to install wp-cli] Yann A. (Gandi) 01/09/2018 at 00:43 Gandi's Private Domain Registration: hiding your whois info – adding antispam as a see also Arthur C. (Gandi) 01/05/2018 at 11:01 Sender Policy Framework (SPF) Records in DNS – Yann A. (Gandi) 12/20/2017 at 20:16 Gandi's certification procedures – Idir) Last modified: 06/28/2017 at 12:21 by Ryan A. (Gandi) Page Tools Return to pageOld revisionsBacklinksBack to topA:
- Asset number, including the class code;
- Sequence or payment voucher number;
- Date of acquisition;
- Name and address of vendor;
- Abbreviated description;
- Department, division and unit charged with custody;
- Location;
- Cost;
- Fund and department from which purchased;
- Method of acquisition;
- Estimated life;
- Date, method, and authorization for disposition; and
- Depreciation method and annual depreciation expense..Factual Information Regarding Laser Hair Removal That You Should Know. One good thing that comes from the evolution of the laser technology is that the treatment has turned into a safer one and also, there is virtually no side effects produced. There are other things that we have to be thankful with the improvement and the development that has happened in the field of laser hair removal technology such as the fact that undergoing it will ensure you of a painless procedure as it is already designed to be as such. There are other good things that come from the evolution that happened on the part of laser technology intended for hair removal like how there is no downtime involved, allowing you to have the freedom of taking it during your office break time or whenever you have the chance to do so and also, how it is non-invasive, causing you to not feel any pain or any side effects at all.
If you are wondering about the different between the laser treatment for hair removal existing in the past with the laser treatment for hair removal that we have today, that would be the fact that the ones we have today are quite simple, will not take too much time to be completed and it has the ability of delivering the best possible result in the end. Today, there are now so many of us who are so into laser hair removal treatment and one of the primary reasons why we are so attracted and so allured by it is due to the side benefits that comes alongside the said laser technology..
Interesting Research on Skin – What You Didn’t Know
Lessons Learned About Skin"... we'll have a gay, old time! Wilma!"
What is crystal clear to me is that America is no more. America is a thing of the past. When five, immature adolescents on the Supreme Court can RE-intrepret ancient rules regarding the holy bond called "Marriage", as announced this very morning in Washington, A.C.D.C.
Call it just another day in ObamaHell....
... so I remembered the Flintstones cartoons, from back in our own stone-age of Television, wherein man married woman only,
yet promising a "gay old time".
What nostalgia. WAIT-- I'm too young to be remembering "nostalgia", dammit~!
So there's this from Anderson Cooper, the pale, little faggot from CNN, from 2010 heralding the upcoming demise of America:
This week (November, 2010),.”
******************************************************************
The Day When FRED DID WIN THE FIGHT --
I've held back this private information for years, not knowing where or when to disclose it:
But it has been learned through archaeological anthropological analysis, that Fred Flintstone murdered his best friends and neighbors, Barney and Betty Rubble, in cold blood, when Flintstone learned Barney's intimate, gay-old-times-desires towards him....
I do recall now, that the homos Barney and Betty Rubble found and adopted baby 'Bam-Bam', whom they found abandoned on their porch-- In a blatant attempt to appear 'normal' in the Bedrock community...
It happened in Bedrock, after Wilma returned from Pebbles' school's PTA meeting.
“I’m also going to write a book about my experience as a neanderthal in the cro-magnon’s justice system. I’m going to dedicate the rest of my life to finding the real killers and helping my people. I’m going to become a Hetero-activist in my community.”
He also intends to sue the City of Bedrock for false imprisonment.Get Articles Written
Bütçe $250-750 USD
I need you to write some content for a website.
37 freelancers are bidding on average $401 for this job
Hi! With the best-proven records on [url removed, login to view], I can definitely assure you that I will provide you with grammatical-error-free, interesting-to-read, informative, keyword-rich, Google-friendly and 100% original Daha fazlası
I will write compelling, informative, creative and engaging web contents according to your guidelines. I will deliver expert, plagiarism free and magazine-quality contents in a timely manner. Relevant Skills and Exper Daha fazlası
Hi, Hope you are doing well! I have gone through the basic requirement you shared. So, can we discuss more about your requirement? Relevant Skills and Experience [url removed, login to view].
Greetings, I have gone through the details as you are looking for Content Writing Services, You are at the right place. When it comes to Content Writing, I’m ‘The Best’ here. Relevant Skills and Experience SEO Artic 8 years of experience. I provide high-quality and well-researched content on a wide variety of subjects and meet tight deadlines. Relevant Skills and Experience Here you can find som Daha fazlası
As a professional Content & Academic writer, I can draft & deliver the web content as desired within stipulated time. You can go through my profile to view work samples. Relevant Skills and Experience Content writing Daha fazlası
Below is sample of web content I have wrote for some websites. I offer free editing after delivery of project. [url removed, login to view] [url removed, login to view] [url removed, login to view] Relevant Skills and Expe Daha fazlası
Taking into consideration the budget and existing bids, I feel confident that I can get this job done inside one week, giving 3-4 hours daily at my going rate at $20 per hour. Relevant Skills and Experience As a journ Daha fazlası
I´m use to setting and implementing social media and communication campaigns to align with marketing strategies, I´m experienced in social media, PR and promotional events.I´m keen on this job. Relevant Skills and Exp Daha fazlası
Hi, I am an excellent writer, worked on a handful of articles, projects, and research papers. Please do not hesitate to hire me and I promise your project will be done with utmost efficiency. Thanks! Relevant Skills Daha fazlası
Hi, my name is Tai. Are you looking for a writer for a websaite? I have some experience: writing, re-writing, traducing english espanish or spanish to english also. I am new here and i am responsible. Relevant Skills Daha fazlası
I have native English and have done content writing int eh past. I have a high standard and provide quality. Relevant Skills and Experience I am a native English speaker and have done content writing before. Proposed Daha fazlasıNews
Arts & Culture
Dining
Music
Film
Calendar
Best Of
RFT Events
Special Issues
Giveaways
Issue Archives
Slideshows
Find Locations
Job Listings
Username
Create Account
Riverfront Times
Search
Search Articles
Search Locations
Search Events
Search Slideshows
Music Blog
This Is a Bad Sign
by
Daniel Hill
June 02, 2016 at 7:15 AM
Photo by S. Platt
Watch for falling cyclists.
Above you will see a metal street sign depicting the little stick figure man from the door of the restroom flying face-first over the handlebars of his bicycle. His arms are outstretched before him in a desperate bid to protect his face from making contact with the ground below, but his trajectory suggests a future need for dental surgery. And regardless, his legs are wrapped up in that bike. He's surely not getting out of this without a visit to the hospital.
This sign is located near the intersection of Leland Avenue and Delmar Boulevard in the Loop, and it is meant to warn cyclists that the newly installed trolley tracks, embedded in the road, will gleefully eat your bike tire and throw you flat on your face if you dare cross them.
This is a bad sign.
Sure, it is providing a valuable service: Indeed, if you ride a bicycle too close to those tracks — which again it must be stressed are
embedded in the damn road
— you will probably wreck and get hurt.
I can attest to that personally, actually, having recently suffered my own spill. In the early morning hours of Friday, May 20, I found myself riding a moped in the Loop after covering a show at Foam on Cherokee Street —
Riverfront Times
is headquartered on Delmar, and I needed to stop by my office to pick up some notes for a story. Feeling peckish, and knowing that Jimmy John's is open late, I decided to ride three blocks down and grab a bite.
Now, normally I avoid traveling down Delmar at all costs — I take back routes to avoid traffic and bone-shattering trolley plans. But hey, it's just three blocks, right?
I rode in the middle of the lane, splitting the tracks — your average 49cc moped can reach speeds of roughly 40 mph, making it easy to keep up with traffic and therefore safer to take the whole lane while riding rather than stay to the right. I was very near to my destination when a discourteous vehicle decided to pass me on the left, drifting halfway into the turn lane to do so. Its other half was in my lane, dangerously close to my left handlebar.
Instinctively, I moved to the right to avoid getting clipped by the car (that's happened to me before too — it is not fun). In dodging the car, however, I drifted directly into the right-hand track, which promptly took hold of my tire and threw me entirely off-balance and entirely off my bike.
My right hand hit the ground first, promptly breaking my arm. But that wasn't all. Oh no. As my bike toppled over I did as well, rolling onto my back and bouncing my head off the pavement with such force it broke my helmet and left me in a daze for several hours. My teeth bit through my lip and blood poured down my face. The discourteous vehicle kept driving. I spent the night in the hospital.
And so now, as I drive each day to the office with my arm in a sling, I think about this sign. I think it is good that the soon-to-be-injured at least get a heads-up, just as those "falling rocks" signs in mountainous areas are good for warning people of potential death from above. I'm all aboard for the public service aspect of this, if I can be forgiven the trolley pun.
But the major difference here is that those rocks were not precipitously placed on high by some group of madmen just to rain down pain on the population. Those injuries are acts of God. The tracks, meanwhile, were placed in the ground by men — men who are so acutely aware of their propensity to injure people that they installed
actual metal street signs
in the ground to warn their victims.
This is a bad sign.
This sign might as well say "Fuck You, Bike Dork." It could just as effectively be a middle finger next to a bicycle stencil.
They should just make one with a guy on a bike with a big NO circle around it. They could enforce the policy by hiring people to stand on the side of the street and throw sticks in the spokes of anybody that rides by. And why not? There's a sign, after all!
What's happened in the Loop is that they've made biking dangerous — it is impossible to avoid the winding tracks. They've also trimmed down the width of the streets but left parking, which creates the danger of being struck by someone opening their car door as you ride past them.
The powers that be promote this trolley as a sustainable solution, a way to a more walkable street, but they've done it at the expense of an already existing mode of alternative transportation. The numerous bike racks that still line the street now look like little more than a sick setup for a dangerous joke.
I'm not laughing. I have eight to twelve weeks of pain to deal with as my broken bone heals. I'm stuck in a cast with limited use of my dominant arm. I had to type this article one-handed.
And I'm far from the first victim — walking around the Loop with an arm in a sling reliably brings questions from strangers and store clerks. When told the trolley tracks are to blame, those concerned citizens often have their own stories of friends and acquaintances who suffered similar incidents while biking near the tracks: tales of broken collarbones and shattered teeth. Indeed, when
Big Shark Bicycle Company left the Loop
after nearly 25 years this spring, owner Mike Weiss mentioned those ominous yellow warnings as one factor in the move. As time goes on, we're going to hear about more and more of these injuries, not less — and the trolley itself
isn't even running yet
.
This is a bad sign. A very bad sign.
Daniel Hill is the RFT's music editor and a two-wheeled vehicle enthusiast.
Twitter
Reddit
Pinterest
comment
Prev
Related Stories
Bicycle Ban Eyed for Delmar Loop Over Trolley Dangers
by
Sarah Fenske
|
Apr 27, 2017
Please enable JavaScript to view the
© 2018 Riverfront Times
Switch to Desktop
Back To TopThe official release date for Dirty Heart, the final book in the Cole McGinnis series.
A little over two months and I will be closing the door to the first “house” I’ve built. The book is pretty much done, going through the final stages of the production process. The cover and blurb are set. ARCs haven’t gone out yet but I’ll be doing that closer to the release date, along with a firm caveat not to post spoilers.
I’m assuming you all don’t want spoilers.
When I started this series, I knew I’d eventually reach this point. Did take a bit of a side trip with Down and Dirty because well, it seemed like you all wanted Bobby and Ichi’s relationship written down but here we go… the end.
Is it bittersweet? In a lot of ways, yes. But in one HUGE way, no. See, there won’t be that secret any more. That underlying question. I knew I was going to be answering the why did Ben shoot them and now, a few years later… it’s time to let that secret go.
And time for Cole… and Jae… to move on with their lives. Just…off the page.
For a while. But you never know when a leather-wearing granny dom is going to need some help.
27 thoughts on “Dishing Some Dirt(y)”
Love this series! Time for a reread ro get ready for Dirty Heart!
Hugs!
Will be waiting. Started the re-read.
Also, even though this country has had same sex marriage over 10yrs it still doesn’t have a decent m/m library booklist. Overdrive and ILL are Prov wide. You can now request books on Overdrive so there are a few more (maybe 15, no more than 20), and Murder and Mayhem is one. On Mon I requested Dirty Kiss, last night I got the notice they were purchasing it. By the time I put it on hold (I own the “e”, audio and print versions but I did ask them to buy it), someone else had already requested it.
Hopefully, over time, they will purchase a lot more.
Thanks for the info. That’s good to know.
Nooooo! I love this series. Aside from Kindle Alexander it was my first intro to the m/m genre. I can’t wait 🙂 but it makes me sad at the same time.
Aw, smooches
It will be sad to leave this universe but it’s been a wonderful visit.
They’ll be back 😀 Eventually.
Really looking forward to reading this. Hopefully you will decide to occasionally do a novella to keep us updated on Cole and Jae. Absolutely love the Cole McGinnis and Sinners series. Have read each at least 4 times already. 😃
There will be one off mysteries once in a while *grins*
Can not wait!! I will be sad though. Love Cole and Jae.
Aw smooches. ❤
this will be bittersweet and thanks for Bobby and Ichi
xoxox ❤
See, that’s what hooked me from the very start — Cole sprinting away from the gun-toting granny. Laughing my ass off in a coffee shop in Bavaria.
Heh… Poor granny
I am sorry to see the end, but can’t wait to read it.
It’s time to find out, no?
Yes! Yesyesyesyes! I’ve been dying to fins this out. I’m so excited it’s finally here! Time to relisten to all the audio books so I’m ready.
Thank you so much for these characters and their journey. I’ve enjoyed spending time with them so much; they kind of feel like friends. I find myself thinking, “I haven’t heard from Cole and Jae in a while.” So I turn on the audio books to revisit them. They’re truly special, and I’m so glad you took the time to bring them to life.
I really hope you like the book *HUGS*
Just got back from break and back to internet access – praise be – great news. Can’t wait 😁
woooooooot
that means I have to re-listen to my audiobooks in March. This is so not a hardship since I have listened to them several times. 🙂 Will Audiobook be released same time as ebook?
Audiobooks are ALWAYS released afterwards because the indie presses have different timelines than mainstream. The book has to be out and final or close to it before they can get recorded 😀
Forgotten about audio version. Yesssss – more Greg Tremblay – can’t wait for this either 😁
I read a lot in this genre, but I don’t reread all that many; and the number I read over and over again is even fewer. Your books, though – definitely in that category. And Cole and Jae and their friends are very special. Thanks for the books, thanks for finally explaining the last mystery and thanks, above all, for promising to write more stories featuring them both.
Heh. Thank you. Cole and Jae are very special kittehs… ’cause they’re my first series. And yes, they’ll have one-offs, I promise 😀Product Description
- AF-On
- Metering and bracketing
- Lens choices and results
- White balance / Colour temperature
- ISO
- Playback and image review
- Live View
- Understanding histograms
- Exposure compensation
- Flash overview
- Custom settings
- Shooting menu banks
- My Menu
- Programmable buttons
- RAW (NEF) files
- Composition
- Video (D300s only)
And much more!. NTSC: All RegionsRunning Time: 101 minute2018 flu season appears to hit a deadly peak
2018-01-13T00:01:02+0000
Hospitalizations are also on the rise, particularly among adults over the age of 50 and children under the age of 5.
More All News M7
Victim of the January 9 auto-pedestrian accident has been identified #chsnews
Cellphone records used as evidence in murder trial
Report: Bannon subpoenaed to testify before grand jury. | MORE:
Japan public TV sends mistaken North Korean missile alert days after Hawaii's false alarm).
Homeland Security head, in sworn testimony, says she did not hear Trump call African countries "shitholes"
JUST IN: Steve Bannon subpoenaed by Special Counsel’s Office, Fox News confirms
Report issued via Trump Executive Order reveals "sobering reality" on immigration says AG. | MORE:
Ann Curry could enact revenge on Matt Lauer in first TV interview since his 'Today' firing (via @sashafb)
Danish inventor charged with killing reporter on his submarine
Hanahan Traffic Alert #chsnews
4 minutes ago
Etiquette pros dump on Trump. ...
- Likes: 8
- Shares: 8
Of course he did.... Those hair plugs are EXPENSIVE. 😩😂😂
More evidence of why you cannot trust the media
Somebody is fixated on the Trumpie !!
Nothing surprises me with this selfish moron.
Such a role model this guy is..
Selfish narcissist much?
Trump Being Trump
What a creep.
A ban on shipments of hazardous materials though the tunnel did begin Monday morning. ...
Police say Louisville teen robbed taxi driver
wdrb.comHe is being held at Louisville Metro Corrections on a $5,000 cash bond.
Say it ain't so!
Hip and Xbox
Well some people ever learn?
We wuz kangs!
Scum.
Which is exactly what Bannon wants...to drag the Russia Collusion debauchery into this years elections as well as throw sticks at anyone he doesn't ?
Starting to think Kylie was Kim's surrogate 👶🏻
I bought a new top today and I'm not that happy with it might take it back
Beyonce did it first!
Did Kylie have it?
I wonder whose blood the baby gonna have Kim or the sorrugate lol...
So does this mean we'll start to see pictures of Kylie again?.
Now we wait for the ridiculous name
This baby better be called Wild 🤠
Yay!!!am so happy for kim cos I saw her struggle
I'm tired of hearing about the Kardashians.
Yayyyy congrats to Mom aka “The Nanny” for welcoming your 3rd child.
Good job...people keep bringing so many kids into this messed up world
In more important news- Spring starts in 64 days.
Doesn’t anyone else find it funny that they reported Kylie to be in labor the other day as well can we all just figure it out now and be done with this
Congratulations to the West Family
People are trying to think of what strange name they will come up with. It would be a total mind trip if they did something plain..like Karen.
Omg! Your goin to adopt kylie’s baby to protect her. Amazing timing😂😂😂
Congratulations a baby is a blessing from god so give her the same love and att like the others ones god is good.
Convince him do do his next video in North Korea.
Brittany Cartwright knows viewers think she should not have taken Jax Taylor back after he cheated on her: "I don't know how to explain it...I was so confused." ...
>>IMAGE grown woman and she can do as she pleases. Im sure none of you have ever made a mistake in a relationship right?
Low self esteem. She doesn't realize she can do better.
Run away girl! Don’t look back!
And anyone cares, why?
She is way too sweet for him ...
wow that seize the moment
Please don’t marry him. Ever!!!
No way Brittnany
NO WAY
She’s a fool.
Oh you are an idiot
She’s an idiot...
Why isn’t schools & churches isn’t offering or helping in state of Emer with homeless & providing them shelter ? He got charged & booked for breaking & entering #Homeless atrocity’s
I'm glad he is off the streets...
Suzanne Martin Coffman 😢
52.
Those "model" citizens acting like model savages again.
Police say there was also something suspicious going on in the apartment next to the one the suspect was using... ...
>>IMAGE.
Jamie-Lynn Sigler and her husband Cutter Dykstra have welcomed their son Jack to the world! ...
One of Trump’s closest aides, Hope Hicks, will face questions on what she knows about behind-the-scenes contacts between Trump associates and the Russians. ...
From Jude Redfield WDRB Live Winter Storm Discussion
Jude Redfield WDRB
Live Winter Storm Discussion. ...
Wow you all missed it big again.
Hi June, thank you for keeping us updated...
Elizabethtown KThis web page is about Window Tint Training Review (created by Window-tint-school.com). And in the event you are curious: is it a scam or the real deal? You’ve come towards the right place! Download Free PDF Inside.
Download Window Tint Training Within This WEIRD Site
Hi everybody! My name is Doris W. McKinnon. This web site is a lot more than just a simple review web site. You’ll discover concerning the pros, cons and my final conclusion of every item. I hope you’ll be happy with the high quality from the info you discover on my website.
So, What is Window Tint Training?
Window Tint Training – Window Tinting Training – Window Tinting Classes – Learn Window Tinting – Earn A Huge Income Tinting Windows
Stop! Before you consider paying for window tint classes or go to a window tint school find out how you could start your individual window tint business at a fraction in the price.
“Insider Secrets Revealed. The way to Very easily Start Your own personal Lucrative Dollars Making Window Tinting Business In Your Spare-Time!”
“Special Supply – Try My One-of-a Kind E-Book Course And In the event you Don’t Like It, You Don’t Owe Me A Cent – Guarantee”
Listen up. Window tinting is a high profit business. I cannot promise you will make even 1 penny within this business due to the fact I do not know you and I never know how motivated you are. Besides, the FTC says it is a no no for me to create income claims.
All I can do is give you an idea of how substantially components expense and an estimate of how lengthy it takes to tint most vehicles.
So here is really a hypothetical instance only. The example shows you the profit potential based on a totally produced up retail cost. So let’s just say
When you’re starting out there’s a mastering curve and it might take you a few days to tint a complete car. It depends on how rapidly you find out and how a lot you practice what I will teach you. But an experienced window tinter can tint 2-5 vehicles per day. Do not take my word for it although. Contact the tint shops in your city and ask them how considerably they charge for window tinting. Then figure $25-$35 in material costs (when you’re great and you are not wasting a lot of tint) and you are going to get a great idea from the earning potential.
Don’t take my word for it. Listen to what Fred Wilson has to say about this extraordinary business:
“In an 8…[read more]
When it comes to selecting goods, you have the option between buying one off-the-shelf or trawling the web for freebies. The trouble with free Business / Investing and Small Biz / Entrepreneurship goods is that they are usually worth about as much as you pay for them. They haven’t been tested, and there’s little evidence of their reliability. The goods covered right here like Window Tint Training around the other hand, are ones that either I or successful individuals I know have used in a consistently basis.
Is This Fake Or Real?
Is it a Scam? Window Tint Training isn’t a scam. Because Window-tint-school.com give 100% cash back guarantee. It’s mean that it truly works! So, attempting out it is definitely Danger FREE. Considering that the item is excellent, it could surely be one to believe about, we extremely suggest it.
It is crucial that you simply will be incredibly happy with Window Tint Training investment. For this purpose the owner provide you with a one hundred % refund guarantee. And moreover we are able to conscientiously inform you that it’s not fraud and it truly works. You’ll have the ability to download the services or item at a special rebate beneath.
In summary, I’m happy to recommend Window Tint Training. It’s the complete system to get the best outcomes more than a longer period of time. They are simply the most accurate, consistent and has done nicely by providing their promises to their user. It gives you great outcomes, full transparency of outcomes and 24/7 consumer support. Attempt it now!
GET Entry To Window Tint Training Here
More Links:Enable Efficient SQL Server Reporting
Any change to Microsoft SQL Server permissions or unauthorized access to highly sensitive information can result in a compliance failure, a data breach or data loss. With Microsoft SQL reporting tools and either SQL Trace or SQL Server Audit Log, you can generate reports on server activity with the help of SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS). Reviewing these reports can help you track SQL Server 2016, 2012 and 2008 activity and spot potential insider misuse.
Putting Together an SQL Server Report with Native Tools
However, using native SQL Server reporting tools to create SSRS-generated reports or using the SQL Server reporting systems is a time-consuming and error-prone strategy. You’ll need to spend significant time and effort creating and executing Transact-SQL queries to answer critical questions, such as who changed roles or how instance permissions were modified. Plus, you’ll need a lot of patience and a sharp eye to sift through hundreds of rows of data in order to put the pieces of the puzzle together from those hard-to-read reports. Are you ready for that? Or are you looking for a simpler process that eliminates Transact-SQL queries altogether?
Automating SQL Reports with Netwrix Auditor to Spot Malicious Insiders
Netwrix Auditor for SQL Server streamlines reporting processes and delivers easy-to-read, actionable reports on SQL Server activity, so you can detect threats faster and get to the root cause of the problem before you suffer a breach. The reports are enriched with all the critical who-what-when-where details about changes to objects, permissions, server instances, databases, roles and tables, as well as detailed information about access events to your SQL Server, so you can strengthen security from top to bottom. Instead of painstakingly processing mountains of raw data, you simply access predefined audit reports and dashboards.
Spot deviations before insiders cause any damage
Gain a bird’s-eye view of activity on your SQL servers. Easily spot the servers with the most changes or unusual spikes in user activity, and drill down to investigate whether these actions were authorized.
Detect successful and failed attempts to access your SQL Server
Keep a close eye on all attempts to directly access your critical assets, and identify abnormal logons that might constitute privilege misuse by malicious insiders.
Stay on top of all changes across your SQL servers
Instead of manually reviewing native SQL traces or analyzing scatter data from a patchwork of standalone reporting tools for SQL Server, get all the details you need about every change, such as a modification to an instance or a table, right at your fingertips.
Track changes to data to spot threats faster
Minimize the risk of a data loss or a breach caused by unintentional errors or malicious actions by insiders. See what data was deleted, and when and where it happened, so you can respond immediately.
Use SQL Server custom reports to find exactly what you need
Use the Google-like Interactive Search feature to easily generate custom reports that will help you chase down suspicious activity in minutes.
Top 10 Christmas Gift Ideas for the Workout Girl
From the yogi to the marathoner, our top ten gift ideas for the athlete in your life will help you put something under the tree for every kind of fitness fanatic on your list.
ITEM#: 17935164This GG Gamer baseball glove from Rawlings features the Diamond Single Post Web pattern, which is a single post reinforced web pattern desired by infielders, this allows you to better shape the pocket. With its 11 1/2-inch.
Rawlings Gamer Series 11.5-inch Glove
Today $101.99- More
-
LOT #41021 |Sold for: Sign-in or Join (free & quick)
1948 Bowman Stan Musial #36 SGC 20 Fair 1.5....Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
Share this lot
Description1948 Bowman Stan Musial #36 SGC 20 Fair 1.5. Offered is one of two recognized rookie cards of Stan "the Man" Musial. This card is mandatory for inclusion in any worth-while Hall of Fame collection. Graded SGC 20 Fair 1.5. Card displays respectable centering with moderate corner wear and creasing.
Fees, Shipping, and Handling Description: Sportscard - Graded (view shipping information)
Sales Tax information | Terms and Conditions
Bidding Guidelines and Bid Increments
Glossary of Terms
Auction Info
Auction Dates
Jul-Aug, 2017
9th-6th Sunday-Sunday
Internet/Mail Bids: 10
Lot Tracking Activity: N/A
Page Views:By "theological innovation" I'd include any form of revisions to what's traditionally practised and/or believed i.e. it could be doctrinal, ecclesial, whatever. Without intending at all to do justice to this (god)-mother of all Christian questions, here's an outline of the conditions under which such innovation might be justified:
- When human needs are at stake - e.g. Jesus healing (and picking crops) on the Sabbath (read the Gospels)
- When new communities need to be included into the people of God - e.g. Paul and his relaxation of Jewish ethnic laws so Gentiles can be included into the Body of Christ (read Acts, Galatians, Romans, etc.)
- When institutional structures have become a burden or source of oppression - Luther proclaming 'justification by faith alone' in direct contrast to the teachings of the Church at the time (join a Lutheran church, *grin*)
- When times have changed and a fresh air and/or direction is required for rejuvenation and social realignment purposes - e.g. the Pentecostal movement in the early 20th century and the Emerging church network in the late 20th century (err...surf the Web?)
It's not about encouraging conflict with Scripture; it's about championing God's purposes in specific (and often fresh) contexts which may conflict with the church's established way of doing things.?
Needs, new communities, bad structures and new worlds. God only said that His love never changes - for everything else, there's His Spirit, whose origins and paths no one knows.
Finally, look at the Cross - the single most incredibly innovative event in history (in every great sense of the words 'innovative' and 'history', not to mention 'incredible'). The God-Man dying as Man and God so reconciliation/redemption/salvation/glory can take place.
'Innovation'? We haven't even started.
5 comments:
Good points there. Innovation is needed in today's fast changing world. Agree in totality God's love and promises don't change. But sometimes, in these innovations, we may compromise a little more to the 'unacceptable'. It's something that I've been thinking quite a bit for a while... the gray area so called. And how do we 'define' those gray areas?
Thanks for the comment, AJ.
Personally, I think 'grey areas' are *by definition* not 100% definable (if they were, they wouldn't be grey). Innovators are path-breakers, they almost literally create new paths and that which is new (by definition, again) cannot be ENTIRELY evaluated using 'old' categories. Because if everything 'new' MUST fit into old boundaries, then this is just another way of saying that we shouldn't have innovation at all.
And if business were to think like this, your profile pic would be much less famous :)
Not everything must fit into old boundaries, that's for sure for old boundaries are sometimes wrong too. We only need to look into the history of the Crusades to see how the old boundaries were wrong. But it seemed so right then.
In being innovators, breaking new paths - sometimes the tremendous successes make us compromise; that's the danger.
I have two questions that remain unanswered by theological innovators:
1. Who should be given the right to theologically innovate - the individual or the Church?
2. When is innovation considered to have gone too far? And how can we know if our innovation has gone too far - who has the right to tell us?
Sherman ~ I can attempt the second q with a *little* bit more confidence than the first. 'Too far' can be judged by Jesus' words, "By their fruit/love, shall u show u r my disciples". No fruit or rotten fruit = too far.
As for the first, the Church/community obviously has to judge the innovations yet, paradoxically, once institutionalism sets in it becomes... Read More *very difficult* to accept anything but the tamest form of innovation (cf. see church history). Also, the very nature of innovation (esp in a religious community) would demand that an individual (almost by necessity) takes the lead, unless the community *itself* values innovation (which is rare, esp. among Christians).We would like to let the Gaylord community know the Cub Scouts of Pack 1 will be at the following businesses for our annual popcorn sale.
Over the next few weekends in October, you will see us at Jay’s, Glen’s, Family Farm & Fleet and Walmart.
These businesses have been kind enough to allow us to set up and sell on site. These sales are our major fundraiser for the year and go directly to supporting each Cub Scout in their achievements and activities.
We’ve had a great response from the community so far, and we know that this will continue for our entire sale through the end of October.
We hope to see you at one of our upcoming Blitz Days or Oct. 30 during our door-to-door sale.
Please call us if you would like to purchase popcorn or have us sell popcorn at your event. Thank you for your support!
Heather and
Nate Robinson
Head of popcorn sales
732-1597
Trevor Wood
Cubmaster
732-4690Archive
Current Year
|
Search by Date
|
Search by Topic
Date
Title Articles
JULY 2014
July 1, 2014
Educate and assist OFWs on financial planning
July 3, 2014
On overpopulation
July 8, 2014
Readers speak on ofw financial literacy
July 10, 2014
Local Taipan's save the day
July 15, 2014
Meet processors get 'processed'
July 17, 2014
Local World Cup social connections fuel soccer fever
July 24, 2014
A Speck of soot, A walk to the finish line
July 29, 2014
Cocolisap and other threats to coconut industry
July 31, 2014
More on solar power and soccer feverFour months into the year and markets have certainly been busy! The returns for the month and year-to-date period don’t come close to telling the full story of 2016 - one of a sharp and sudden decline in January/early February, followed by a marked rebound in March and a continued trend upwards in April. A summary of market returns for the month and year-to-date are shown below.
Where are markets going next? What are we watching? At the top of the list for us are the 3 E's: Earnings, Energy, and Elections
Earnings – As we approach the end of first quarter earnings season, it’s safe to say that earnings (while weak and disappointing in some cases) were not as bad as most were expecting. With over 60% of the S&P 500 having reported, companies are reporting earnings that are on average 4.1% above estimates (5 year average is 4.2% above). Earnings are down year-over-year by 7.6%, less than the expected decline of 8.7%, which was driven largely by energy and materials. EPS beats are higher than 5 year average, while sales misses are also higher than average. Key themes included headwinds from the strong US dollar and low commodity pricing; however, companies also articulated an expectation that these negative forces will weaken in Q2 and expectations are strengthening earnings in the later part of this year
Energy prices - While energy prices are off their lows, they remain at historically low price points. The results of these low levels depends upon which sector you are evaluating. For instance, it provides an important advantage to companies and sectors for which energy comprises a large component of their input costs (think airlines, transports, and heavy manufacturing). It is also a victory for consumers and the sectors that will benefit from consumers allocating those savings elsewhere (think consumer staples and discretionary).
Elections – This has been an impactful week in the presidential race, as both Ted Cruz and John Kasich withdrew from the race, leaving Donald Trump as the presumptive republican candidate. Focus now shifts away from the primaries and towards the conventions this summer, as well as to the congressional and senate races. This article by Greg Valliere (political strategist) outlines various scenarios and the impact on the markets.
Needless to say, there is a lot of watch - from the 3 E's and many other market forces. 2016 certainly is promising to keep up it's exciting pace!Wood Panel Large Background May 3, 2013 Brown, Featured, Large Backgrounds, Materials, Dark wood panels large background. Download Type: JPEG, 1680 x 1050 pixels 2 Comments 22
Hey, I would like to know if this is a free to use photo or if I have to pay you to use it? I want to use it for the website of my company. if it’s not free how much would a license cost? Please Answer quickly.
Hello Simon, Yes you can use our background for free. A link back / attribution are greatly appreciated but not required. For more information, please read our terms of use. 🙂Dressage Process, dressage training, equestrian, horse shopping, Scribbles: The Ramblings of A Renaissance Woman
Looks like I’m finally going to see my horses tomorrow. It will mean getting up at 5:30 AM and being on the Long Island Expressway before 7 Am. I hate thinking about the 3-4 hour ride but I have books on tape, Starbucks stops planned, and a real desire to get on top of what is going on with Rafi. This will determine if I will turn window shopping into actual horse shopping. After I finish blogging, I will pull out my too dusty breeches and riding shirts. Hope I brought my rain gear back from Florida! I can’t remember.
Got hold of a video of another nice candidate for purchase if I pursue this route. A nice 8-year-old gelding with markings and color quite similar to Callista. Can you say Pas de Deux? He’s 17 hands which is as tall as I’d like to go. Looks a bit lazy, but that doesn’t always put me off and priced well. The gaits are big and he looks naturally uphill! He’s got show experience and apparently is easy to handle and hacks out happily. Certainly put that one on my short list. Based on the video, his only drawback is chrome… Oh well! I still dream of black stockinged bays! LOL
But first: The greater problem and conundrum of figuring out if Rafi is going to come back sound. Very frustrating. Anyone who reads my journal here knows of my great love for this horse. And faced with a choice, I’d rather have her back for a few more years and then replace her when she is too old. But this is the life in horses. As my husband says, “They Break!!!…and then they make you cry.”
I’m excited to have a lesson on Callista. Cathy has sent me videos of course but I want to feel what the progress is, not just watch it! Jen has done a phenomenal job with her this summer. But Jen, watch out! Because this winter I really want to cement my relationship with her! {I can say this because no one is happier than Jen to see me getting on with the Queen of the barn! LOL}
So, anyone with weather connections, please put in a good word for me…I booked a room for my husband for the next night for a business meeting. He chose this instead of our normal Hilton Honors property due to location and cost but that was a huge mistake! When he arrived, the front desk clerk said."The 9 Oddest Celebrity Couples
There are plenty of celebrity couples who have managed to make their relationships last in Hollywood, but for every duo who stands the test of time, others just couldn’t keep it together even after getting married. Below, some of the oddest celebrity couples to date. The heart wants what it wants!
#1. Adriana Lima and Ryan Seacrest
After spending time together at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio, Brazilian bombshell Adriana Lima and E!’s most popular host, Ryan Seacrest, are now reportedly dating. The two have been spotted going on romantic dinner dates in New York this past week. Seacrest even made an appearance on a recent Instagram post on Lima’s account, which she captioned: “With the charismatic, handsome Ryan Seacrest.” SourceAmerican Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has dismissed at least five members of a major scientific review board to curb the agency’s regulatory power and reduce the role of academic research in protecting the earth.
EPA administrator, Scott Pruitt’s spokesperson JP Freire said, “The administrator believes we should have people on this board who understand the impact of regulations on the regulated community,” said the spokesman.
The dismissals came last Friday – about six weeks after the House passed a bill aimed at changing the composition of another EPA scientific review board to include more representation from the corporate world, reports The Independent.
President Donald Trump has directed Pruitt to radically remake the EPA, pushing for deep cuts in its budget — including a 40 per cent reduction for its main scientific branch — and instructing him to roll back major Obama-era regulations on climate change and clean water protection.
In recent weeks, the agency has removed some scientific data on climate change from its websites, and Pruitt has publicly questioned the established “science of human-caused climate change.”
In his first outings as EPA administrator, Pruitt has made a point of visiting coal mines and pledging that his agency will seek to restore that industry, even though many members of both of the EPA’s scientific advisory boards have historically recommended stringent constraints on coal pollution to combat climate change.
Science advocates denounced the move as part of a broader push by the EPA EPA EPA.Venue change for Michael J.C. Echeruo Symposium
The venue for the The Michael J. C. Echeruo Valedictory Symposium, 50 Years of African Literature in the Academy 1960-2010 has been changed.
The symposium will be held Friday, Oct. 15, from 9 a.m.-6 p.m. in
the Kilian Room, 500 Hall of Languages.
Website:
Contact: Kathryn Tunkel
kmtunkel@syr.eduShe loved to sit on the back of the sofa and look out the front window to see and bark at all the people and other d.o.g.s coming down the street. She loved to be warm and would always burrow in blankets and snuggle with me in bed. She loved her sister kitties and they would love to antagonize each other.
She was usually cold and would love to be warm. She would sit at the dryer and bark, telling us that she wanted a warm towel. We would put towels in the dryer and when they were warm, we'd take them out so she could snuggle in them. We would do this over and over for her until she was content.
Bailey did not know where she stopped and I began, to her, we were one. She didn't know she was a d.o.g., nor did we tell her. She was just one of us.
In taking walks around the neighborhood, her little legs would tire quickly so we would put her in stroller and she would ride in style, the envy of all the other d.o.g.s in the area. Taking car rides was another fun activity for her and she would sit on my lap and watch everything while we drove.
She would get so excited every year when we put up the Christmas tree. She would dig through all the presents under the tree until she found hers. She could open her own gifts and we enjoyed watching her do so.
Our lives were altered when she joined our family and forever altered when she left us. We pray she is at peace and knows that we will love her and miss her forever. Rest in peace, our precious Angel, my little Ginger Snap.
12/12/13 - Oh my precious little baby. It's been a week since you left us and I can't begin to tell you how much we miss you. I know you were ready to go but we weren't ready to let you go. Your little body is whole again and you no longer have stomach pain or distress and there are no more pills. Your little legs are just fine and you are able to leap through the meadows chasing other d.o.g.s and kitty cats. Saying goodbye to you was the hardest thing we ever had to do. My heart still aches thinking of that moment when you left us. I know that we will see you again though and when it's time for us to join you, I will run to you and scoop you up in my arms and we'll snuggle and love for eternity. The void in our lives is horrific but our memories of you will sustain us. Thank you for being my constant companion and my love for all these years. Thank you for teaching me how to love and receive love as that gift from you is immeasurable. Thank you for allowing us to be your Mommie and Daddy as that was truly an honor. I love you forever my precious little Bailey. I will hold you in my heart until I can hold you in my arms.
12/19/13 - Oh my precious little baby. It's been two weeks since you left us and it feels like an eternity. I dreamed about you the other night that I was holding you in my arms and you jumped up and kissed me. The kiss was so real that it woke me up and I started crying. Addressing Christmas cards this year was quite different as you weren't here, sleeping in my lap, helping me. I do hope you met some wonderful little friends at the Rainbow Bridge, my precious Bailey.
My baby's ashes and urn were delivered to us Monday and it's like having her home again. There is some feeling of being complete again and a sense of peace has come over us. My little Bailey, we love and miss you so much! I will see you again!
12/26/13 - Hello my little Angel. Well, Christmas Day is over and it just wasn't the same without you. Oh how we missed singing carols with you as your howling always brought such joy to us. And we missed watching you sleep under the Christmas tree. You would always dig in the pile of presents under the tree and pull out the ones for you. We never knew how you knew but you did. I miss holding and kissing you. I miss sleeping with you and I miss smelling you. I continue to pray for you and pray you never forget us. I know you are safe, free of pain and there are no more pills. I hope you found Pice and L'il Kitty. We love you Bailey, and we miss you so much!
01/30/14 - It has been eight weeks, my love, but it feels like eight years. I long to touch you, smell you and hear you. I wish I could feel your little kisses on my face and hold you once again. Oh my precious little Bailey, I pray that you are making friends at the Rainbow Bridge and I pray that you haven't forgotten me. Run free my precious little girl and Mommie will see you once again. Until then, know that my love for you is never ending! "Give kisses!"
02/27/14 - Hi my sweet little girl. It's been 12 weeks that you left us and I cannot begin to tell you how much we miss you. I'm so sorry that we were not able to fix your illness and that you had to leave before us. I am forever thankful for the 16 wonderful years we had with you and I'm grateful that I was with you at the end. Being your Mommie is the best honor and I'm glad you chose me. I love you so much my precious little bundle. You are my everything. "Who's here to see me?"
03/13/2014 - Oh my sweet little Bailey. When I came home from work last night, I automatically said "who's here to see me". Saturdays afternoons are the worst as that was our special time. I cherished the ritual of me holding you in my lap as you slept. I miss everything about you my angel and pray that you are healed, that you remember me and that you still love me. I love you so much my precious Bailey.
04/17/2014 - Hello my little Bailey. Thank you for sending "orange" to me. The orange was a glimmer of hope that you still love me. I continue to write in our journal every night as you are always on my mind and in my heart. My thoughts are of you constantly. I've had my share of heartache and loss over the years but this has been the worst ever. I was thinking today of how you danced in a circle when you knew we were going for a ride in the car. You are the smartest little girl ever. You were the best baby to care for and the most perfect companion. I am so thankful I was chosen to be your Mommie. I will love you forever my little baby. I miss you so very much!
05/15/2014 - Oh my sweet Bailey. I feel numb inside lately and not sure how to move forward. You left your paw print on my heart and in my mind forever. Sometimes the words I write don't capture what I truly feel. I know you are healed and playing with your new friends at the Rainbow Bridge, but the ones left here miss you so very much. Your memories are all over the house and we talk about you all the time and reminisce about many of your antics. I pray for another sign and thank you for the ones that you have sent before. I also pray that you visit me in my dreams. You were/are the light of our lives. I love you forever my little angel and miss you so much.
06/12/14 - Hi my precious little bundle of love. I know I say this all the time but I miss you so much that it hurts. The house seems quite different without you and Spice misses you too. I wish I could hold you again and snuggle with you. I miss sharing the pillow with you at night and I miss your sweet kisses. I pray for peace as I know there was nothing we could do to fix the cancer but I'm so thankful that you no longer are suffering. You are forever in my heart and will forever be a part of me. You are the best part too I love you forever!
07/10/2014 - Hello my little Angel. I saw Dr, Bonny and she said that she thinks of you all the time. You were/are one of her favorite patients. I pray for Orange and the other day I saw so much Orange and was very happy. I miss you so much it hurts. I don't know how everything changed so quickly but it did and there was nothing that could be done to change it. My little precious bundle, you are the world to me. I love you forever.
08/07/2014 - Words cannot express the void in my life since you are gone. What I wouldn't give to hold you again. I miss those beautiful wet kisses, you attacking my face when I laid on the floor to exercise, our walks, feeding you... I miss everything about the life we had. I asked for another sign and it came in a song, a song I never heard before. As soon as it came on I started crying and I knew our Lord was taking care of you and that I will see you again. I love you forever my sweet little girl!
09/04/2014 - Its almost nine months since you left this world. I can't even begin to express how much we miss you. Daddy and I talk about you all the time and we think back on all the wonderful memories you gave us. I still say goodbye to you when I leave for work every morning and I kiss your urn good night every night. I say special prayers for you all the time. I am thankful that you are no longer sick but the void consumes me. Bailey, I love you forever. You are in my heart for eternity. I love you.
10/16/2014 - I'm struggling my little girl as it was this time last year that your health starting to dramatically change. I have all these memories and what-if questions. There will never be anyone else like you and no one will ever take your place. I talk to you all the time and I hope you know that. I pray that you visit me in my dreams. Your love is indelibly engraved in my heart. I love you forever, my sweet little Bailey!
11/27/2014 - It's Thanksgiving day and it seems so different this year. I miss you sitting in the kitchen hoping I'll drop some morsel of goodness for you. Today, I am thankful that you were with me for 16 fabulous years. I'm thankful for the love you gave me and I'm thankful that you chose me to be your Mom. I remember our last Thanksgiving, you had so much fun eating turkey and then falling sound asleep. I still look at that picture of you sound asleep on my lap after dinner and remember how sweet you were. Little did I know that you would be gone in just one week. I love and miss you forever my little Angel.
12/05/2014 - One year ago today, you left this world. I relive those last moments constantly and it takes my breath away and nothing is the same anymore. Our lives were intertwined and you didn't know where you stopped and I began. I look at your pictures constantly and I write in your journal and talk about my day and memories of you. I am so thankful that I was your Mom and you gave me 16 glorious years of pure love. You left this world, sweetheart, but you never left my heart. I love you forever, Bailey, my little angel.
01/01/2015 - Oh my precious little Bailey. It's the new year and its another year without you. You have been on my mind so much lately. I found myself singing one of our special "Christmas" songs about you today. It actually brought a smile to my face. You seemed to enjoy singing with us and howling along and then you'd lick my face so much. I talk about you often and tell people that you were the most profound bundle of love that was ever created. I pray for you every day. I love you forever my angel. Always, and forever!
02/05/2015 - Hello my precious little Angel. Well, its 14 months since you left this world, I can hardly believe it. It's a struggle to not have you with me as I miss you terribly. Thoughts of you run through my mind constantly. I still dread coming home every day knowing that you aren't there. I get so emotional thinking of you. The void in my heart and in my life is overwhelming. I pray that you visit me in my dreams. I pray that you haven't forgotten me and that you still love me. I love you so much my Bailey.
03/05/15 - Oh my little baby, I can't believe how long its been since I physically held you, kissed you, touched you. Every night I thank our Lord for holding you and caring for you until I come home. I know you are in the best hands now but I wish I was with you. Life just isn't the same and its been such a struggle. The words I write here don't come close to what I feel. I go through a range of emotions each day and sometimes I think of you and smile and sometimes I cannot control the tears. My little Gingersnap, you are/were the best package ever and I love you forever.
04/02/2015 - Hello my little Angel, I don't know where to start as my emotions are all over the place right now. Everything I see, smell, hear reminds me of you. I heard a different song on the radio this morning and my thoughts went directly to you as though you were sending me a sign. My love for you never changes but intensifies as the days go on. I don't know why things happened the way they did and I don't know why you had to get so sick but I'm thankful for all the fabulous years to have you with us. This is an honor I'll always cherish. My little baby, I will always love you, forever!!
05/05/15 - Oh my little precious Bailey, I miss you terribly. Time continues to pass but it is time without you. Most days I think of you and your adorable antics and smile, then other days the grief is overwhelming. Walking out to my car after work to come home really affects me as the reality of you not being there to greet me is difficult. I pray for you every day and thank our Lord that you are safe in his loving arms. But, I wish the arms were mine and I was holding you. My love for you has no end.
06/05/15 - I am at a loss for words, but I am not at a loss for emotions. There are so many days that my emotions are just all over the place as I miss you so much my little angel. When I am running at the Greenway, and alone in my thoughts and prayers I think about you and your memories overwhelm me. I often find myself crying, rethinking the last moments that I held and kissed you. I love you so much Bailey and I miss you terribly. I'm praying for orange!!
07/04/2015 -- My angel, oh how I miss you. I say this all the time but it is so true. The life that I loved is no longer the same. I think of you all the time and when I'm running, listening to my music, the emotions are so strong and I end up crying. I can't turn back the clock or change anything but one day I will hold you again and I'll never let you go. I pray you remember me and love me. I love you forever!
08/05/2015 - Oh my sweet little Bailey, I think and talk about you all the time. Some days are better than others but you not being here beside me is so difficult. I struggle with the fact that you had to leave and I only wish there were other options but we chose the one that gave you dignity and respect. My love for you is unending and immeasurable. My little Gingersnap, I will love you forever and I pray that you are safe and that you remember me.
09/05/2015 - My darling little Bailey. I miss you so much but I have wonderful memories of you and I hold them dear to me. I relive these memories all the time and wish I could turn back the clock. I want to hold you one more time, shower you with kisses, play with you and sleep with you. I sometimes think you are right here by me, I'll feel you brush up against me and when I look down, I don't see you, but I know, you are there. I will see you again my little baby.... I promise I will. I love you forever!
10/05/2015 - Hello my L'il Gurl! I'm really struggling lately and I guess it because there are so many memories around this time of year. Some days are worse than others but I try to remain focused on all the wonderful years we shared. However, my thoughts quickly revert to your last days with me and the pain I feel is unbelievable. I look for signs and pray that you send me another one. When I say my evening prayers, I thank the Lord for holding you in his arms. I know you are safe there. I miss you so much Bailey and I love you forever
11/05/2015 - Hi my little baby. I was holding your fall sweater the other day. When you wore your "Packers" shirt, everyone commented on how adorable you looked. It's getting closer to Thanksgiving, one of your favorite times. You were always right under foot as I cooked Daddy's turkey. You watched carefully to see "when" I would drop something so you could scarf it up. Opps, did I drop that on purpose? I miss you my precious Bailey. I miss you so much that I feel that my heart is ripping apart. I pray that you remember me and know that I love you forever
12/05/2015 - Oh my precious little girl, it's now 2 years that you left us. I cannot put into words what I feel and how much I miss you. I relive your last moments constantly and it overwhelms me. I pray every day that you are wrapped in our Lord's arms and he is protecting you. I also pray that you never forget me and that you still love me. Our worlds were so intertwined and now there is just me and I struggle with that. But, I know you are running free and basking in the sunlight. Please know that I love you forever and that you are always in my heart.
01/05/2016 - It's another new year and another year without you. Christmas was a struggle but I talked to your pictures and urn every day and made sure your stocking was hung on the tree. Of course, we sang your Christmas songs in your honor. I think of you all the time and reflect on the fabulous life we had together. Words cannot express what I feel so I'll just simply say I miss you so much and love you forever!
02/05/2016 - Hello my precious little Angel. I was talking about you to a dear friend recently. I was telling her all about the fun we had and how you were the most perfect bundle of love ever created. There are days that the memories fill my heart with happiness and other days that the memories hurt and I feel great sadness and emptiness. Today has been one of the overwhelming days and I miss you so much. I long to hold you again, but since I can't, I will continue to dream about you and hold you in my mind and in my heart. I love you my little girl. I love you so much.
03/05/2016 - I don't know how to put my feelings into words anymore. I don't know how to convey the emptiness that I feel in my heart. I think about you all the time and I talk to your pictures and your urn every day. I pray for you all the time and I pray that our Lord is holding you and protecting you. I know He is but this void is almost unbearable. My love for you is endless my precious little girl. I love you forever!
04/05/2016 - No matter what I'm doing, no matter where I am, my thoughts drift to you Bailey. Sometimes my thoughts take me to very happy and loving times but all too often, my thoughts take me to the day we said "good night". I still see you wrapped in your blanket laying in my arms as I kissed your face and stroked you, whispering to you that it was okay and that I love you forever. My heart is breaking all over again as I relive those last moments. My little Angel, I pray you are safe in our Lord's arms and that you will run to me when I come home. I miss you so much and I love you today, tomorrow and forever!
05/05/2016 - I miss you Bailey, I miss you so much. Your picture is on my desktop at work and so many people comment on how beautiful you are and it brings such a smile to my face. Although the emptiness and loss is overwhelming I do think of our happy times and it brings me comfort. I pray you remember me and pray that you are healed and playing with all your new friends at the Bridge. I will come for you sweetheart, I promise. I miss you terribly and love you forever!!
06/05/2016 - Hello my precious little Angel. A song keeps playing in my head about a broken heart and how it broke while trying to be strong. That's how I feel lately and I try so hard to be strong but my heart just aches for you. It seems like forever since I held you and kissed you. I do kiss your urn everyday but its not the same. When God created you, he created the most perfect bundle of pure love and I am so honored that I was allowed to be your "mom". I miss you terribly, Bailey, I love you forever!
07/05/2016 - I'm struggling my little baby, struggling with going through the motions like everything is okay yet inside my heart feels so empty. It's over 2 and a half years that you left and I miss you so much. I just never thought you would leave before me. No matter what I'm doing I think of you. I stare at your pictures, your little sweaters and your special toys and I can see you in my mind, but I want to see you in person, at home. If there were visiting hours at the Rainbow Bridge, trust me, I'd be there every day. I love you my little girl, I love you forever.
08/05/2016 -- Another month has gone by and nothing's changed. I was looking at the clouds today and for some reason, this overwhelming emotion of loss came over me. I have such mixed emotions and struggle, even after all this time, sorting them out. I know you were so sick; we exhausted all our options and we allowed you to leave with dignity, but it hurts. It hurts so much and I hate that I you're gone. I'm so sorry that you had to leave..... I'm so sorry my little baby. I love you with all my heart and I miss you so much, so very much!
09/05/2016 - Hello my little Sweetheart. Well, looks like summer is finally winding down and a feeling of Fall is in the air. I love this time of year. Everyone enjoyed admiring you when you would wear your football sweaters; you were always so adorable. Oh I miss you so much, I miss all the little things that we did together. Like going for rides around the neighborhood in your stroller, sitting with you in the sun, holding you while you slept and just snuggling with you. I wish for one more day, all the time and every day. I pray for my little baby, I miss you and love you forever.
10/05/2016 - Hello my little angel. The days are getting shorter and the temperatures are cooling off. This would be the time that you'd start wearing your little shirts and sweaters again. I still have all of them and touch them frequently. I believe you are still with us but just not in the same form. There are times I think I see you out of the corner of my eye, but when I look again, you're not there. I know one day I will be with you again and I will savor your wonderful kisses and love. I miss you so much it hurts. I love you always and forever.
11/05/2016 - Well, it's the fall season again and my thoughts go back to when you started to get sick. This time of year I struggle so much as I wish things could have changed and you would still be here. I pray that you are running free and making friends at the Rainbow Bridge and I pray that when the time is right, you'll be there to greet me and we'll be together forever. I wish I could feel your wet kisses and body warmth on me again. Bailey, you are truly an amazing perfect bundle of love and I miss you so much. I love you forever my little Angel.
12/05/2016 - Three years ago today you left this world. Three years ago today a part of me left too. There hasn't been one day that I didn't think of you, didn't smile about a memory and didn't shed a tear over missing you. The pain of saying goodbye and holding you while you took your last breath overwhelms me and I can barely stand the pain and emotion. I love you with all my heart my little Bailey. I miss you so much, and I pray that you remember me. I love you my little girl, I love you forever.
01/05/2017 - In a perfect world, I'd be hugging you and telling you Happy New Year, but it's not, and I'm not. I miss you my sweet little baby. Christmas came and went. I had your stocking and ornaments hanging on the tree as always but it just wasn't the same. I pray for you every day and I kiss your urn goodbye when I head off to work. I pray that you send me another sign. I pray too that you still love me. I know you are now whole and safe but I miss you. I will always love you my little angel!
02/05/2017 - Oh, sweetheart, I'm not sure what to say anymore except that I miss you with every fiber of my body and soul. You are/were the most perfect little package of fun and love. I often think of your little antics and how much fun we had. I can still see you sitting on the back of the sofa, looking out the window and barking at anything that moved. I remember the time you almost caught a chipmunk while running through the yard. Luckily, the chipmunk out ran you. These fabulous memories just fill my heart and one day we will make more wonderful memories. Until then, I pray for you and love you forever.
03/05/2017 - My dearest Bailey. What I wouldn't give for another moment with you, another snuggle, another kiss, another walk, just another minute. You were such a part of my life and I often joked that we didn't know where one stopped and the other started. But, looking back, that wasn't a joke and it is real. Part of me left with you and the void is overwhelming. I miss you my sweet baby, I miss you very much. I love you forever and ever!
04/05/2017 - Hello my little Angel. I saw Dr. Bonny the other day and she said that she still thinks about you. You were one of her favorite babies and she misses you too. I don't always know God's plan and losing you absolutely altered everything that I knew, but I have to believe you were needed in heaven for another reason. I will see you again, my little baby, and I'll hold you forever. I miss you so much and I'll love you always! "Who's here to see me?". I love you!
05/05/2017 - My dearest little Bailey. I carry this guilt around and I struggle coming to terms with it. Little did I know that when you went to the doctor that day, that you would not be coming home. I knew the situation was serious but I figured you would heal in time. You always counted on me to come and take you home and I was there and I held you and loved on you as you took your last breath. I was always there to rescue you but this time I couldn't and this is the guilt I carry. You left this world as you entered it, with dignity and grace and surrounded by loved ones. Bailey, you are/were the most perfect bundle of love and I'm honored to be your Mom. I love and miss you forever!
06/05/2017 - Hello my little angel. It's been raining so much lately and we've had so many bad storms. I remember how you would love to lay in my arms and comfort you during them. And, boy did you hate getting your little feet wet when we would take you out to potty but you were a trooper and you endured it. I miss you so much, precious, every aspect of your life I miss. I pray that you are surrounded by little playmates and from time to time you think of me. You'll always be my precious little baby. I love you forever.
07/05/2017 -- My precious little Bailey -- you are always on my mind. There are days that I struggle with you not physically being here but I know that you are always in my heart. I felt you brush the back of my leg the other day. I felt it and looked down, there was no one there but the feeling was real all the same. I believe it was you, telling me that you are still with me, always and forever. I know that one day we will be together again. I love you so much and miss you terribly.
8/05/2017 - Oh sweetheart, it's been so long, so terribly long. There isn't a day that my thoughts don't focus on you. I was thinking about your rides in the stroller today and how much you loved sitting in it and taking in all the sights. You were so attentive and never missed any of the action on the trails. Of course, you captured everyone's attention and they all had to stop and talk to you. I miss you so much, my little angel. I love you forever and ever and I promise I will hold you again, I promise. I love you!
09/05/2017 -- Words cannot express what I truly feel in my heart, my sweet little girl. Time goes on but my mind continues to drift on that final day. I wish I had one more kiss, just one more tender hug, one more second with you. I love you so much and I know you are safe and well but I wish things were different. I will see you again my precious baby. I promise. Until then, know I love you forever and ever.
09/15/2017 -- Happy birthday my little angel. I hope you had a fabulous celebration at the Bridge with all your new friends. My heart belongs to you, Bailey, always and forever. I love you and miss you so much!
10/05/2017 - Hi Sweetheart -- Fall season is upon us and this was the season we both loved. You loved wearing all your sweaters and shirts and I loved dressing you in them. You always enjoyed sitting at the window and watching the leaves fall. Of course, our walks or stroller rides were such a treat too. I miss you so much my precious baby. Know that I pray for you all the time and am thankful our Lord is caring for you now. I love you forever!
11/05/20117 - Oh my precious little Bailey. You've been on my mind so much lately and I know we are coming up on another anniversary soon. My emotions are heightened now as I think back on how sick you were getting. I am at peace though as I know you are whole and running free. I know you are no longer suffering and you are living with our Lord. I will join you one day my sweet baby and when I do, we will never be apart again. I love you always and forever.
12/05/2017 -- Four years ago, at 4:07 PM you left this earthly world and entered the Rainbow Bridge. Not a day goes by that my thoughts do not turn to you. Reliving the moment you left takes my breath away. I want to hold you and kiss you again, I want to play with you and take care of you again. My memories will have to sustain me until we meet again. My precious little Bailey, I love you so much. You are part of me and I miss you terribly. I love you forever!
01/05/2018 -- Well, it's another new year and another year without the love of my life. We are having such a frigid cold spell now and it makes me think of warming your blankets and towels in the dryer. You would come running to me as soon as you heard me open the dryer door. I miss snuggling with you especially when it was so cold. Not sure who kept who warm but we both enjoyed it. I love you my little baby and I miss you terrible. Until I see you again, you live in my heart always.
Click here to Email Regina a condolence, or to send an E-sympathy pet memorial card click here.
Give a gift renewal of Bailey Oster's residency(by Credit Card, or PayPal)They have numerous shows from July through September. They change each summer. These people are incredibly talented. Get your tickets and then come in early to sit in the best seats. I generally take out of town guests to this, and they love it. The tickets are, I believe, $23 each and you definitely get your moneys worth. Last time I went, you could bring in your own bottle of wine or pop and snacks, or purchase snacks there.
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.Door Installers in west bromwich
Your search results returned 5 results that have been listed below...
Bromsgrove Doors And Windows Ltd
Based in Bromsgrove (B61 8NF). Covering all surrounding areas View profile
- Tel: 01527 328 328
- Mob: 07581 880 371
M&A Home Improvements Composite Doors, Windows and Conservatories
Based in Hinckley & Nuneaton (LE10 1PT). Covering Hinckley and surrounding areas. View profile
- Tel: 01455 447 230
- Mob: 07594 634 125The shepherd of the Alps am I,
The castles far beneath me lie;
Here first the ruddy sunlight gleams,
Here linger last the parting beams.
The mountain boy am I!
Here is the river’s fountain-head,
I drink it from its stony bed;
As forth it leaps with joyous shout,
I seize it ere it gushes out.
The mountain boy am I!
The mountain is my own domain:
It calls its storms from sea and plain;
From north to south they howl afar;
My voice is heard amid their war.
The mountain boy am I!
And when the tocsin sounds alarms,
And mountain bale-fires call to arms,
Then I descend, I join my king,
My sword I wave, my lay I sing.
The mountain boy am I!
The lightnings far beneath me lie;
High stand I here in clear blue sky;
I know them, and to them I call;
In quiet leave my father’s hall.
The mountain boy am I!
Johann Ludwig Uhland (1787 – 1862) Germany
Well done, appreciate you sharingWhile publication Parenting New Hampshire, part of the Telegraph Publishing Company.
A 1995 graduate of Keene State College in southwest New Hampshire, Ms. Roberts received her bachelor's degree in Public Affairs/Journalism, with a minor in English. She tapped into her ad sales experience at the college newspaper level to land her first media position out of college, selling ad space for the local cable network. A consistently recognized performer, her career includes experience in newspaper advertising sales, account management in the computer industry and a stint as the director of admissions at a New Hampshire technical college, where she managed a team of educational sales reps and creating marketing and branding programs to promote the school.
In her current position at Parenting New Hampshire, she sets out to overachieve advertising goals for the magazine as well its niche publications and events, while developing and managing inside and outside advertising account manager in addition to creating new advertising and sponsorship partnerships.
Ms. Roberts enjoys many aspects of her advertising career, including the creativity involved, but it's the ability to "play a key role in the success of someone else's business," that she finds most rewarding, she tells AdvertsingSchools.com. "A good ad isn't the ad that looks like a good ad; a good ad is something that looks like nothing else."
Tell us about your career in advertising. How did you break into the advertising industry, and how did you advance to where you are today?
I actually went to school for public affairs and journalism, which is writing news and making news. I literally just tried to get in any way I could because there are so few papers in the state. When I graduated, I wanted to get in at the local cable network in any way possible, and the job opening was in ad sales. I stuck with ad sales, because I found out that's where the money and the decent hours were. My friends over in editorial are working day and night, all kinds of hours, so I stuck with the advertising end.
Then I went to the newspaper, the Portsmouth Herald. I developed territories, and that's where I got more interested in the marketing end of what I was doing. For your local "mom and pops" type businesses that don't have ad agencies, their business is not marketing; it's something like selling candy. So as a marketing professional, you're the only person giving them advice on areas like "how do your brand yourself" and "how do you get yourself out there." I found I enjoyed being a part of that.
From there, I got into some pure marketing positions. But it wasn't too many years before I got into the newspaper and publishing business, which I love. Parenting New Hampshire is a monthly magazine, and it's almost like a completely different world than the daily or weekly newspaper. You get a chance to spec your ads out, look at the ad layouts, and proof them. Plus, it's such a warm fuzzy niche market that you're dealing with, working with businesses like toy stores, kindergartens, and clowns who go to kid's birthday parties. In this role, I manage seven sales reps, two graphic artists and an ad manager. One of goals I set was to expand our territories. In New Hampshire; roughly 90% of population in within 100 square miles south of Concord. The state has 600 square miles, with the North Country made up mainly of small towns and rural areas with tiny populations. But that means there are lots of small elementary schools; my goal with Parenting, is to truly be statewide, and to have it distributed through every elementary school in the state.
What do you enjoy most about your career? Your current position as Marketing and Advertising Sales Director of Parenting New Hampshire?
What I love most about working in advertising is that I like the creativity of it, and being able to play a key role in the success of someone else's business. What I like about Parenting New Hampshire is that it's a great product, a great magazine for parents; we get so many letters of appreciation, it's just a warm fuzzy place to work.
Describe a typical day of work for you. What are your key responsibilities?
A typical day would be coming in, cleaning up voicemail, email, organizing with the team to look at what we're working on for our customers, looking at ad specs, doing the necessary follow-up. By mid-day, it's usually calling on new accounts - I usually like to go out to new accounts with a spec ad or spec campaign based on research that I've done on, so that we have a talking point rather that saying, "yeah, you should work with us," I can say. "This is what we can do for your business."
Then I head back into the office toward the end of the day, make more contacts, check voicemail, email and reporting on the status of various accounts and ads. We have deadlines for month, so at some points during the month I'm making sure proofs are out in time. We actually get to see a pre-run of the paper before mass production, which means we are editing every line, every inch of it.
A lot of my responsibility is follow-up work, making sure our accounts are happy, building solid book of businesses. We handle accounts from inception of the ad to placement to printing.
What are the tools of the trade that you use the most? Favorite gadget?
When I originally entered the advertising world, I did not have a computer. They thought most of my job should be getting out and meeting with clients, not sitting in front of the computer. Everything was done with sticky notes and file folders. Now, I can't imagine what it would be like to work that way. I love the e-mail, the cell phone. I can go out and call on customers, yet still be accessible.
What are the most rewarding aspects of your job?
The finished product. I love it when the magazine comes out. Maybe it's a pride thing, because on the masthead on the inside front cover, I'm at the top of the list. But it's a good product, and it's nice to see it completed.
What are the most challenging aspects of your job? What causes you the most anxiety?
I think it's the 80/20 rule you have anywhere: that is where 80 percent of your business and money comes from 20 percent of your clients, but meanwhile the other 80 percent of the clients take up so much of your time. It's all about balancing. Sometimes you have a less-expensive add, $44, and not that you don't got the extra mile for that ad, but sometimes it take three man hour days to complete, whereas the full page ad comes in from another client's agency camera ready.
We have a lot of niche publications, too, like our Guide to Life after High School in New Hampshire; we do other specialty publications, and we're also the publications centers for other papers and vendors, who come to us to get published. It's all about managing your time, deciding "how much do I dedicate to this project."
You have consistently been recognized as a top performer throughout your career in advertising. What is your personal key to success?
My personal key is just that I've never been uncomfortable talking to anybody; whether it is the CEO of Coca Cola or Dolly of Dolly's Uptown Pony Rides. Everyone is just person, so it's a matter of being comfortable on the marketing calls. Everyone is human.
What do you consider your greatest achievements in advertising sales thus far? Biggest setback?
August is always our largest edition of Parenting, because it's our back to school edition. Every year, the advertising goal is set at a percentage over last year. At the same time, for years, newspaper advertising and print in general has been falling off as the Internet has grown. So, for a 13-year-old publication to have best year ever and to come at 200% above a goal is huge; while other people are bleeding, we're doing pretty good. That's the rewarding part.
My biggest setback probably was back when I was working at Portsmouth Herald newspaper. I was working there right as the economy was cracking. It was tough in that environment, working an existing category, and saturating your resources; people were afraid to spend, it was around the time of 9-11, so people were in the "repackage yourself, re-pitch yourself" mode. It was a difficult time. Some of it is economy driven; there were a lot of business closing up, going away, plus a lot of our non-profits had fallout, where donations went down.
What are some of your personal and/or professional goals for the future?
My personal goal is to own my own publication at some point; I'll settle for being publisher of one of the Telegraph subsidiaries. But I'd like start my own publication, and operate a New Hampshire-based magazine focusing on the children, not the parents. We don't really have anything that hits the needs of the 5-to-15 year olds.
You are a member of professional advertising organizations including the Northeast Classified Advertising Managers Association and Parenting Publications of America. How is such membership important to your career?
The biggest thing is that you get to sit down and bounce things off of each other in a non-competitive environment. We all have different experiences but common issues, things like what monster.com is doing to our classifieds, e-bay to our goods ads. We bounce ideas around, talk about campaigns, what works, how to support it.
Networking is also important, though in New Hampshire, there are only four dailies in the whole state. It seems that everybody that I work with here, at some point, I've worked with somewhere else. There is really no room to burn bridges in a small market!
Who has served as the biggest inspirations for your career?
My first hiring manager in print was Derek Wood, he was a big inspiration. He was in his late 60s and started working in the newspaper industry at the age of 5. He used to thread the press in England and his hands were mangled, that's what they used the kids for. He was funny and positive - he had seen the industry evolve through so many ages.
Is it important to be passionate about advertising in order to be successful on a professional level? A personal level?
I think it is. You can't help anybody be successful if you just don't care about what you're doing. You're not helping your customer, you're not helping you're company, you're not helping yourself. You really have to be wholehearted about what we do to be successful.
Tell us about your education in the field of advertising. What did you like and dislike about your education?
The biggest thing for me was in order to be successful in advertising, is that you need to be able to communicate. You need to know how to think, you need to know how to present and you need to know how to write. Those were was the core things I brought away from my education, plus general business sense from my marketing and other classes.
As a student, I enjoyed that I had the traditional college, 4-yr liberal arts school, experience. I think needed that time to develop socially and educationally, to use the four years to get my head on straight, so I didn't go out and look like a donkey. But in retrospect, I wish I could have concentrated more on the skills I wanted to use, vs. some of the classes I took. I might have done better at a career-focused school, where I could have had internships lined up, etc.
How has your education benefited your career in the field of advertising?
In a lot of ways, it's given me the groundwork to communicate and present myself to so that I can actually go out and get that job. Another thing is the network I developed. It's not only the education, but the connections that you make. For instance, my counterpart in advertising on the newspaper side of the business was my roommate in college.
I worked for the school newspaper, I was a columnist and I was the editor; everyone who worked for the paper sold ads. Most of the support I got was from my advertising and marketing and business classes. That's what you really learn things like how to brand yourself, why to brand yourself, how to choose what to advertise and knowing your target audience.
How did you find a school?
By talking to my high school guidance counselor. I grew up not far from the University of New Hampshire, and I thought that was where I was going to go, because everybody went there. They had communications program, but they didn't have a journalism program. If I would have gone there, it would have been sort of a hybrid independent study-type program. I had to stay in state because I am one of a million children, for affordability.
At Keene State, I loved the size of the journalism program, plus it was far enough from home, but close enough I could go home for the weekend and do laundry, get groceries from my parents, you know!
What factors should prospective students consider when choosing an advertising program?
I think another is not just the program, but if its offers career placement after you graduate. The faculty is important, look at the journalism professors and advisors: Who teaches? Have they been recognized? You don't necessarily need your degree to be successful to work in the field, but if you get your degree with all instructors who have taught for 20 years, rather than working in the field, it makes a huge difference.
Are there different considerations for those who know that they want to specialize in a certain area?
The word advertising is too general - not even the media, it depends on what aspect are you looking at; being a graphic designer, managing accounts, marketing strategy; there are so many pieces within that word.
If you're artistic, but you don't have lots of people skills, you don't want to deal with the public, so you should look into the graphics, web design end of the business.
If you are a people person, work toward the marketing and account management end of the business; whether you are at a newspaper, ad agency, radio or Internet. You need to be able to be the face on the business or the production end of the business. If you want to be on the front end, you need to have an artistic eye, an artistic sense, creative, but be comfortable letting others deliver. You can't do it all, but you need to know enough to be dangerous, such as the basics of design, the software, formatting, etc.
How can prospective advertising students assess their skill and aptitude?
Grab a magazine, a newspaper or a web site, and see what captures your eye. The best way to be good at advertising is to be a consumer, and to see what appeals to you, and look through those eyes, not from the other way, but as a consumer looking in.
What can students applying to advertising programs do to increase their chances of being accepted?
If you've got any artwork you've done yourself, any research, or examples of any publications you've worked on, that will help. I'd suggest you get involved in your high school newspaper, your yearbook and your school website.
Based on what you hear in the industry, what do you think are the most respected and prestigious schools, departments or programs?
At UNH, the Whittemore School of Business and Economics is rated as No 7 in the country, it has a great reputation. In my area; we're 45 miles out of Boston and all of the top-ranked schools there, and close to Ithaca N.Y.; there are so many great schools within a hundred miles.
Does graduating from a prestigious school make a difference in landing a good job?
Yes and no. As someone who hires and interviews recent graduates all the time, the most important thing I see is to know that the degree helps, but it is more important how well written their resume is, how motivated they are, and how they solicit you in terms of calling and following up.
A well-written resume that shows not only your degree, but also your actual work experience; it doesn't necessarily need to be in the field, long-term work experience shows a high work ethic, and that's always attractive. I would rather see somebody who worked at the pharmacy as a cashier for their four years of college, rather than a multiple short term jobs that were kind of related to the degree that they kind of worked at. The degree combined with the work ethic will result in a job.
What do you know today, that in retrospect, you wish you knew before you pursued your education and career in the field of advertising?
I wish I had stayed in school and gone through for my master's degree in marketing while I had still the discipline. A good business background is so important, no matter what your major is. Whether you are working for a newspaper or a magazine or whether you are teaching, you are providing a service. The more well-versed you are in business, the more successful you will be.
What further advice can you offer to prospective students thinking about an education and career in advertising and marketing?
The biggest thing is to always be aware of what the next media is. We concentrate on ad design in print and TV and radio. But so many people get their information from the Internet right now, and it's important to think about what that is going to look like in five years. I'd suggest students embrace the new technology, and try to think of where it is going to be in the future, so that what you are doing can be supportive of instead of hurt by the next wave.
On a basic level, what skills do a successful career in advertising and marketing demand?
From the ad management end, you need great communication skills, you need a good understanding of design and marketing in terms of branding and repetition and how to create a marketing plan.
From the design aspect, you need to know the state-of-the art programs, like Adobe and In Design; you need to know how to create a PDF; you need to know Quark. Basically you need to know the technical aspects, and also be comfortable in changing things up. A good ad isn't the ad that looks like a good ad; a good ad is something that looks like nothing else.
What kinds of jobs are available for graduating students who specialize in advertising sales and marketing?
There are so many areas. Looking internally here, we have entry level as a graphic artist, junior media buyer, or an account manager. An account manager at the paper or ad agency level is the person that talks to Coca-Cola and lays out a plan for them; the media buyer then seeks out ad purchases from the newspaper, TV, etc. From that, you can work your way up to getting more creative, getting more into a management role, developing territories, etc.
What is the current advertising job market like? What areas will emerge as hot advertising specialties over the next five years?
Right now, all newspapers are creating new media. What used to be one webmaster is now an entire department called new media, and it's all about making sure the publication or TV station is supported by a web site that complements rather than takes away from the actual product. For instance, we'll have stories on our web site that aren't in the publication, and some that refer back and forth between the mediums, so that you're hitting different generations. The Internet is hitting the younger generation; the average newspaper reader is the 55-year-old male, so using the web site can embrace all potential audiences.
What are the best ways to get a job in the advertising field? How available are internships?
Internships at local newspapers, either paid internships or for-credit internships, are readily available. Internships are very important, because of the connections you make. Not only for future network, but it allows you to test drive a career before you jump in. You might not know if you want to be a graphic artist or an account manager or a buyer. As an intern, you get to learn with no expectations.
What is the average salary for your field? What type of compensation structure should a recent advertising program graduate expect? What are people at the top of the profession paid?
In New Hampshire, where we have no sales tax or income tax and we have relatively low real-estate costs, the dollar goes a little further here. Here, the average entry level account manager or graphic artist would be in the $35,000 range; the account manger should average to $1,500 to $2,000 per month, with bonuses they can be making $50-55,000 within the first two years in field. Then obviously, as they take on larger territories, special projects, or become regional mangers, the salary goes up. We can design all we want, but if we sell that design, it trickles down to everybody at the question. Publishers, at the top, can expect to make around $120,000.
What are some of the trends that you see which could help advertising students plan for the future?
Trends would be getting up to speed and being aware of what you are looking at when you are on the Internet. Pay attention to your ads, the banner ads, and read your spam. These are all kamikaze marketing schemes. Be aware of what you're disregarding.
Do advertising professionals typically use specialized computer programs? If so, how important is it for graduating students to be well-versed with these programs?
MSOffice, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook; you need to be able to use Outlook planner, Excel to manage accounts and commissions, and you need to be able to create presentations and letters and documents for your customers. It's also important to just have a basic familiarity with the Internet, how to find information, to dig up information on people who are potential advertisers.
Has the popularity of the Internet affected your profession?
The big thing is that in advertising, you can look at it as a threat or you can embrace it and use it to figure out how to complement what you're doing. With the publications here, the Internet is designed to complement the paper, enhance circulation, to drive readers from the paper to site. The Internet enhances the speed in which you can get information out to people, and increase the scope of the paper, which has typically been reaching only your older audience.
What are some of the top challenges in facing advertising professionals over the next decade?
There are so many. The big thing is there are so many different avenues to get your message out: direct mail, internet, newspapers, circular, TV, radio, there are so many options. The challenge is making sure people perceive the value in the printed word, in the web site, and making sure you are putting products out there that are adding to the value, not just adding to noise.
What are some common myths about your profession?
I think it is that people who go into it think its entry level. Really, people are lifers, either publishing is in your blood or not. You know right away whether or not you are cut out for a daily paper.
Best advertising sales tip for a novice?
Be a shopper. Think about what appeals to you, and don't be afraid to give advice based on what your findings are. When you are in business, you're thinking about how to run your business instead of thinking about the people who are on the outside of it who are you potential consumers. You've removed yourself too far from the front lines. Be real, be yourself and be honest about appeals to you .
What other career advice can you offer advertising school graduates who want to stand out from the crowd?
To be successful in advertising, you need to be able to take multiple approaches, and that includes with getting a job. Whether it's walking in and shaking a hand, making a call, sending a resume, mailing a resume, a full court press always works. A little bit of everything will get someone to bite, vs. doing the same thing over and over again.
Is there anything else you can tell us about yourself, your career, or the world of advertising that would be interesting or helpful to students?
The biggest thing is marketing and advertising is the whole "if the tree falls in the woods and nobody hears it, did it really happen?" That's the whole thing about advertising. If you do all of these great things, and offer all these great products, but nobody sees it, it didn't happen.
Note: If you would like to follow up with Cheryl Roberts personally about the field of advertising and marketing, click here. For more information about the publications she is affiliated, visit: or.Emmanuel Dongala’s Johnny Chien Mechant has been translated and published in the US under the title Johnny Mad Dog (link to NY Times Review). The book is a fictional look of the effects of civil conflict and guerilla warfare on children.
Still on Africa, Joel notes an article about the relationship between the economics of African misery and tyranny. The author makes the point that the Live 8 concerts did nothing to raise conscioussness about the need for political reform. Joel drives the point home:
Ending dictatorships by military force is the easy part. Nation-building is nowhere close to being an Olympic sport yet. Not even an exhibition sport.
Frog in a Well’s Japan Annex notes the creation of the Women’s Active Museum on War and Peace, which will focus on sexual slavery during WWII.
On the tenth anniversay of Srebrennica, Tim at Where Project remembers his own experiences with Bosnian refugees.Irrational Games have decided to release the first five minutes of BioShock Infinite, unedited, for your viewing pleasure.
Be very aware that - by its very nature - the following footage is a MASSIVE SPOILER CONSISTING OF NUMEROUS MINOR SPOILERS. You might be better off waiting until BioShock Infinite releases in March 2013 if you want to preserve the surprise.Reasons Why Every Business Needs a Mobile Application
- August 02, 2017 /
- Mobile Applications
There was a time when Mobile App was restricted to very few business houses but now, every successful business has some things in common and one of them is an effective mobile app. It is a myth that a mobile app is only for big business houses and small business holders cannot have a mobile app. But, the real picture is that every business should look towards mobile apps development. It has been observed that more and more business holders are moving their business on mobile apps, as this has become one of the easiest way of reaching their customers.
So, if you are not convinced that you need to have a mobile app or should consult an app development company then following factors may help you to re-think on this front: -1) Be Visible to Customers at All Times :
According to statistics, an average mobile user spends at least 2 hours surfing on internet. Though most of the time it is general net surf but, there are only handful of applications that make it to the phone storage of an user and if your app makes some sense to your user then the chances of getting a download is higher. Further, if the icon is catchy and capable of depicting the business objective then the chances of getting it used again and again is even higher.2) Makes A Direct Marketing Channel :
Your app is your direct marketing channel for your customers. If you do not have your app, then basic ways to reach your customers are mails, messages, or digital marketing but, if you do have your app then first of all the direct audience ratio of your marketing campaign is clear to you and second the chances of getting it being noticed is higher over the conventional ways of marketing. Through push notifications you get closer to a direct interaction and one can easily remind of different aspects of your business through a dedicated app.3) Provide Value to Your Customers :
If you are running some sort of loyalty program for your business then it is easy for you to make it easily accessible through your mobile app for your customers. The result will be more downloads and more customers to reach.4) Build Brand Recognition :
A mobile app gives you the flexibility to break it, mold it and shape it according to your way. Make it stylish, impactful, functional, easily accessible or informative. You can change it at any point of time. By analyzing customers need, you can give what they want and this makes the real difference in the real world and helps in brand building.
The more the customers get acquainted with your app, the more engagement it will create and through more engagement the brand gets recognition. In advertising world, it is termed as “effective frequency”: according to the thumb rule, hearing and seeing your brand approximately 20 times is what will get your business truly noticed.5) Improve Customer Engagement :
Your mobile apps development will also help in improving the customer engagement by understanding their pattern of usage your app and then providing what they prefer. This is basically data analytics and the better you do it the further you will take the lead.
So, if you are looking to grow your business with an effective mobile application then you should search for a mobile application development company that has a vast experience of understanding business requirements and coming up with optimal solutions. The team of LogicSpice has a vast experience in the same and is always up to cater any sort of business requirement with its expert team.This was the first visit in 15 years where we didn't have our trusty sidekick, Theresa, along for the fun. Barbara's daughter is taking some very challenging high school classes and couldn't miss a week, so we were on our own, although there were texts and phone calls to her throughout the visit. But it was weird to have it just be the two of us - I mean, we met the first week of my freshman year of high school, so we obviously have a lot of history as a duo; still, we missed our girl!
Of course we had to start several of our days at Blue Baker, where Barbara took a picture to send to Theresa, and naturally we had to sit where the Duchess could be included in the shot:
Egg bagel sandwiches, hot coffee...you can't go wrong with that!
We both had lists of things we wanted to shop for and take care of while she was here, and we ended up completing just about everything, which is pretty amazing considering how long those lists were! One thing on my list was searching for a narrow plant stand for my little front porch - this one was a contender, and in lieu of having a tape measure to write down the size, we just used Barbara for comparison:
So it's size 7 wide and hip height, gotcha.
We had a bit of pampering in the form of pedicures:
Barbara was extending summer with hot pink, while I deviated from my usual blue color with a cherry red. So fun!
We also bought a living Christmas tree - I had my eye on one at Home Depot, and with Barbara's encouragement, ended up buying it. I've never had a living tree, but for $19.98, I figured it wasn't too much of an investment if I end up killing it. Also, we couldn't resist the challenge of fitting a four and a half foot tree into my Mini:
Luckily we only had a two-mile drive home.
How pretty, right? I'll put some lights and ornaments on it after Thanksgiving.
Barbara brought me some succulent cuttings from her garden, along with a redwood planter, so I got that all put together one afternoon:
I love the variety, and also, the wood smells so good! Reminds me of a new deck.
Another cutting - it was big enough to need a deeper pot.
The little guy second from the left came from Barbara's garden; we found the wire basket while we were shopping and had to bring it home - I love how the mini clay pots look in it!
There's a lot more adventures that I want to share with you guys, but that's for another post. In the meantime, one more picture for today:
It was super fun to tool around in my Mini Cooper with Barbara years after we visited a showroom in California. Dreams do come true - eventually!
From 2011 - just another adventure with my amiga!
Have a great weekend!
That sounds like a fabulous visit!!!!
It was! :)
You are right, friendships like that are rare and precious. So glad you two got to have so much fun.
We are already planning the next visit. :)
Fun and I love the Christmas tree. I'll have to stop at the end of the block and pick one up at Home Depot. Thanks for the tip.
If you get one, pour out the gallon of water that will probably be sitting in the container before you put it in your vehicle...luckily the water splashed out as I was pulling trees aside to get to the BEST ONE (lol) and I realized how much water it was sitting in.
How much fun did you guys have!! I love the living Christmas tree--that seems like a great price to me. And I am so impressed with your succulent success. Your pedicures are so pretty. And how fun that you actually got a mini cooper after visiting and dreaming about it!
So fun! I have my friend from high school (my kayaking adventure friend) that is like this...we can just go back to where we left off like no problem!
Can't be a visit from Barbara without bra shopping, can it?? Stay tuned...?
Friendships like that really are the best.
Do you worry about your kitties eating the tree? Pixie eats pretty much any green thing I bring in the house. LOL
What a fun time with your best girl friend!
I love the thought of getting a real tree like that one (no overly huge) and keeping it much longer than the typical Christmas tree! Will that be your only holiday tree or will you decorate another one as well?
How much fun! That is awesome you've been friends for so long! I never had close girlfriends until after college, and I am hoping some of those stick around for the long haul.
It will be so nice to see those succulents and think of her! I can't wait to see your tree all lit up!
So nice to see Barbara visited you. As a long time blog reader I know how precious your friendship with her is. Looks like you had a great time together.Obituaries
Howard Dee Hasler 1947 - 2013 Lawrence
Funeral service for Howard Dee Hasler, 65, Lawrence will be held at 11 am Friday, June 21, 2013 at Plymouth Congregational Church. Burial will follow at Clinton Cemetery in Lawrence. He died Sunday, June 16, 2013 at Lawrence Memorial Hospital surrounded by family.
He was born on December 28, 1947 in Pueblo, CO the son of Charles Daniel and Helen Marie (Ferns) Hasler.
He graduated from The University of Kansas with a bachelor’s degree in education. Howard was the Vice President of LRM Industries and the previous Director of Cottonwood, Inc. and SDSI in Garden City, KS. He was an associate member of Plymouth Congregational Church. Howard was raised in the Catholic Church.
Howard married Cynthia Ann Steele on April 28, 1990 in Lawrence, KS. She survives of the home.
Other survivors include his mother, Helen, Lawrence; three sons, Robb Ryan and wife, Edmée, Myrtle Beach, SC, Travis Evan and wife, Samantha, Denver, CO; Chad Aaron Wiley and wife, Heather, Lawrence, KS; brother Harvey Lee Hasler, Bozeman, MT; sister-in-law, Karen and husband, Marv, Ellinwood, KS; grandson, Kaelum Robb Rodriguez Hasler; his first wife, Linda Wiley Hasler, Lawrence and father-in-law, Dick Steele. He was preceded in death by his father, Charles in 1987; and mother-in-law, Ruth Steele.
Howard loved family, friends, travelling, hunting and fishing in the great outdoors. He enjoyed family trips and he loved God.
The family will greet friends from 6 until 8 pm on Thursday, June 20, 2013 at Warren-McElwain Mortuary in Lawrence.
Memorial contributions may be made in his name to Cottonwood Foundation or the American Cancer Society and may be sent in care of the Mortuary. Online condolences may be sent5 Hair Hacks to Prevent Static
Scunci No Slip Grip Hair Ties
BY SCÜNCI #17 in Hair Ties & Clips
4.12 / 5 based on 81 Reviews
Product Description
Scunci No Slip Grip Hair Ties: Gentle on hair No slip grip Only from Scunci Item 38573-A see more...
Top Questions See all 5 Q&A
- Does this hurt your head when you try to take them out1 Answers
- I have super thick hair will this hold my hair ?4 Answers
- What do you call these Scunci No Slip Grip Hair T... Be the first to answer!
Scunci No Slip Grip Hair Ties
Reviews (81)
Q&A (5)
Media (4)!
I have really long hair that tangles extremely easily. I like that these don't stretch out as easily as normal hair ties do but I've had these break on me multiple times. My hair also go really tangled in the hair tie so it hurt almost every time I'd take one out. Super good idea but just didn't work for me
I thought these were going to be so amazing when I bought them, but they are so awful. It may be because I have really thick, naturally curly hair, but these literally rip hairs out of my head when I try to take them out. I was so excited to see a silicone/rubber product that was hopefully not going to stretch as much as the covered bands, but couldn't use them because they just stuck to my hair.
These are my go-to hair ties. I have medium thickness hair, so my hair never falls out of these and they don't damage my hair too much unless I'm wearing my hair in a pony tail several days in a row. I do prefer their flat hair ties as opposed to these round ones, but those can be harder to find.
I have use so many hair ties for my 10 year old girl and her pony tail always got loss in the firs five minutes. But with this hair ties it last all day up. I like to hold her hair in a really tide pony tail, with other hair tides I have to put two or sometimes more, but with this I use only ONE....LOVE IT.....
How well do these hold up?
What do you call these Scunci No Slip Grip Hair Ties i call them bobbles ❤️
PHOTOS & VIDEOS
See All Photos & VideosPotential Waterloo tour stops might include:
• John Deere Tractor & Engine Museum
• John Deere Tractor Cab Assembly Operations
• John Deere Engine Works
• Kenny Kass' Private Tractor collection
Antique tractors, steam engines and
gasoline engines
• Lanehaven Farm
A progressive, family-owned and operated seed corn, commercial corn,
soybean, and hog farm. Core values characterize how Lanehaven Farms
operates business, including progressive, efficient, stewardship,
customer WOW!, and integrity.
• Hawkeye Community College Farm Lab
400 acres of farmland, research plots with
the latest technology and farm equipment.
• Hansen's Farm Fresh Dairy
Hansen's Farm Fresh Dairy is a family-owned and operated farm
of 150 milking Holsteins on 400 acres. Visitors can view the entire
process of getting the milk from the cow to the table.
• Heartland Acres Agribition Center
Early farming implements and artifacts from
the late 1800s through the Great Depression.
• FFA Historical and Ag Museum
The museum celebrates history, art and culture. It has changing
exhibits and a visual history of the area's agricultural heritage.I would certainly like to live in this cabin. It's in our price range, theoretically, at $740,000. It is on Mt. Madonna road, which is out near my work. Except the part of the road it is on is sort of unmapped, way up over the mountains, looking down a the other side. Hence this photo of the house, in winter.
The directions to get there are sort of unexplainable, and lead me to believe it is a long, challenging jeep road up through the mountains, likely about an hour plus drive from Santa Cruz. I have been up this road once, on an excursion to see "how long it would take to take the back way" home, having no idea there was a whole other universe up there, that is officially, in Santa Cruz. There were waterfalls and yurts tucked into canyons and unpaved sections and thank god we had a map is all I can say. It is the wilderness known as Santa Cruz Mountains and some people actually enjoy living up there. It's a little militia for my tastes, veering more towards huskies on chains secured to large trees and trucks with multiple gas cans bungeed in the back and multiple gun racks in the back window. Too many chainsaws per capita up there.
Normally, at this time, on a Thursday, I would be driving out to practice with the dogs in the morning before work. The unexplained back stabbing pains of yesterday made me think that perhaps this is not a good thing to do today. So we are having another week of no agility, no running, no contacts, no practicing. For an agility blog, this is pretty weak right now. Such is the way my agility life ends up.
The dogs did practice being well behaved and not evil to Tom the roof guy who came over at 8:00 this morning to look at the roof issue that makes most contactors run screaming. That is not getting us any Steeplechase placements though. Tom, being a roofer, has seen it all and remained calm and took photos and will call me in a few days with what will likely be the very expensive estimate. Also to his credit, he likes dogs too and they did not keep barking at him. Timmy likes all contractor guys, so that is not an issue. Ruby hates them until she comes out, sees they are not coming to chainsaw us to bits and rob the house of all the rotting taxidermy and is fine. Otterpop pretty much does what I command her to because she is under my power so if she doesn't take Ruby's lead, she is fine. Tom the roof guy even said she is cute, which is something Otterpop doesn't hear a lot.
OtterPop with Timmy, before her new collar. She is disturbed. Timmy is zen.
OtterPop with Ruby after new collar. Well behaved, like little ponies.
Kyle RoggView All Tags
Value Place Opens New, 124-Room Hotel in Cleveland
Value Place continues to expand. The extended-stay hotel chain announced this week the opening of another hotel in Cleveland. It is the company’s tenth Ohio hotel and its third in the Cleveland metro area.Cleveland 21 October 2014 01:02
Value Place, Pure Strike to Develop 124-Key Hotel in San Angelo, Texas
Leading economy extended-stay hotel brand Value Place continues its rapid expansion across the U.S. with the development of a new property in Central Texas, in partnership with Pure Strike Development.San Antonio 28 March 2014 14:57
You May Also Like
Economy Watch: Construction Material Prices Still on the Rise
Demand for construction materials remains high in the U.S., with positive wealth expectations creating confidence in real estate developers, according to a recent Associated Builders and Contractors report.14 September 2017 13:06
EquiCap Brokers Sale of IL Self-Storage Facility
The company represented the seller and the buyer, a Chicagoland-based operator, in the transaction. The Minooka, Ill., facility, All American Self Storage, fetched $2.3 million.15 December 2017 20:12
Calare Properties Lets Go of MA Asset
The warehouse, which Calare bought in 2015, is located in Watertown, Mass., and changed hands for $15 million. It is 100 percent leased.22 September 2017 20:52I attended a school Christmas concert last night … put on by middle school children.
While there I could not help but think of Sandy Hook.
How much safer I would have felt for those children there if someone had been able to assure me that someone there somewhere stood on guard with a gun … or just sat in the audience with a gun.
Our children are worthy of the full protection.
We must outlaw gun free school zones.
We need to strike down the Gun-Free School Zones Act of 1990.
We simply must.Randall became the club’s youngest ever player in November, when he appeared as a substitute in the 5-1 FA Trophy win over Harlow Town. Coming on at the age of 16 years and 309 days, Dylan broke a record that stood for 43 years, and since then has been impressing everyone at The Beveree.
Dylan.
Derby’s Malcolm Crosby went to see Dylan at the Oxford City game, where he made a brief but lively appearance, but has largely gone to Derby on the recommendation of the Hampton coaching staff.
Manager Alan Dowson drove Dylan to Derby on Tuesday, to see him settle in, however Dylan is expected to be back and available for selection for the weekend’s game against Hemel Hempstead Town, should Dowse wish to include him.
Dylan, who will be 17 this month, is a first-year scholar at the HRBFC Academy, and has already played a trial game for Stevenage Borough this season, while Ipswich Town have also invited him to train with them.
Dylan and fellow Academy team-mate Enoch Soganile signed contracts with the club in December, and have been involved with the first team squad since - with Enoch even managing to make two first-team starts, away in the FA Trophy and Middlesex County Cup.
The club would like to wish Dylan the best of luck during his time with Derby, and look forward to having him back later this week.
For more information on the HRBFC Academy, including more details of the next Open Day taking place on February 16th, make sure to follow them on Twitter @AcademyHRBFC.Updated 19:17 - 3 Jan 2018 by HRBFC Press TeamCatalog Details
EN5960 - English Education Teaching Internship
Credits: 1 - 12
This course is repeatable.
Capstone experience for educator certification majors leading to certification in English grades 5-12. The internship is a continuous, full-time experience during which students gradually assume full responsibility for teaching a full schedule of classes at the middle or high school level in English/language arts.Hurricane Irma blew threw fierce as ever. It was the hurricane that would NOT end. Honestly it was the longest lasting hurricane I think I have ever experienced.
Our biggest concern of course was our little Bristol because all of our hopes, dreams and a whole lot of blood, sweat and tears have been poured into her. She is the foundation of our next phase in this adventure we call life. The thought of losing her had my anxiety spiked and knots in my stomach.
Day 1: we could not get downtown to see if she had made it through the storm. The city had been shut down. So we turned around and headed back to the house. Fingers still crossed and continually telling myself she was just fine and happily floating exactly were we left her.
Day 2: we made it downtown. The town was already buzzing with everyone cleaning up the mess that Irma had left behind. We pulled up to the sea wall and got out of the car. Digging out the binoculars as I was shaking violently was a challenge. The fear as we looked past the boats that had broken loose of their moorings and slammed into the seawall was very unnerving. It is a devastatingly sad sight. I couldn’t even see through the binoculars because I was shaking so bad. I finally found a good spot to rest them on so I could actually see where she hopefully was still secured and floating. Tears, hugs, squeals of joy and high fives all around because she was still exactly where we left her. She made it through! I don’t even know how to begin to describe the relief and joy that washed over us when we saw her floating secured to her mooring.
Off we went down the street to the marina. Holy Shit!!! It was a disaster. Docks were destroyed and at least 3 boats had sunk. Marina staff was already hard at work cleaning up the mess. Although we could not take our own boat out to check on Señora del Mar the marina staff took us out to her so we could check the lines and make sure she was secure and dry. We are so very thankful for that. Now we wait till we can go back and get to work putting her back together.
Until next time,
Señora del MarAs depositary of the Geneva Conventions, Switzerland considers the defence of human rights a priority.
June 24, 1859: 24,000 bodies and 40,000 injured lie on the plain of Solferino in Italy after battle. Horrified by the carnage, Henry Dunant draws up principles aimed at cutting down on the barbarism of war. The idea for the Red Cross is born. Four years later, the first Geneva Conventions are signed, with Switzerland as the depositary state. The Red Cross movement is still the world's most important non-governmental humanitarian organisation. And Switzerland considers the defence of human rights a priority.
570,000 prisoners are visited each year by delegates of the International Committee of the Red Cross in 80 countries where the organisation has a foothold.
13,200 people work for the ICRC around the world, including 1,400 delegates in the field.Roscrea Second hand bookshop
The second-hand bookshop continues to operate in Crawford’s shop in Main Street every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday and Saturday from 11am.
Meanwhile, meetings of the newly formed Gamblers Anonymous Group in Roscrea will be held in the Legion Hall, Church grounds on Friday Nights at 8.30 pm. Please attend.
Leave your comment
Share your opinions onUpcoming Conferences and Events
- Apr 17-18
- Apr 18
- May 23
- Jun 5-6
- Jun 19-21
Featured Story
More Stories
Heisman Trophy Campaigns
The Univ. of Louisville "for the first time ... will unveil a gimmick to help keep the national buzz going" around QB Dave Ragone, as a bobblehead doll depicting Ragone "in the Heisman pose, [will] be
ESPN Sports Poll
The ESPN Sports Poll, a service of TNS Intersearch, asks all respondents to name their favorite spectator sport. Here, a spectator sport is defined as one in which the respondents attend games or matc
Tags: Baseball, Basketball, Boxing, Colleges, ESPN Sports Poll, Football, Golf, Hockey, MLB, Motorsports, NASCAR, NBA, NFL, NHL, Soccer
Facility Notes
VIKINGS: In St. Paul, Bill Williamson reports that the Vikings and the Univ. of MN "have hired seven consulting firms to "assist with preliminary planning" for a new stadium. Williamson notes that the
Tags: Baltimore Orioles, Baltimore Ravens, Baseball, Basketball, Colleges, Facilities, Football, Minnesota Vikings, NBA
Names & Faces
Univ. of CO (CU) football player and Olympic moguls skier Jeremy Bloom''s "last hope of avoiding a legal battle was dashed [yesterday] when the NCAA denied a second appeal on his behalf" by CU, accord
Tags: Colleges, Football, Golf, NCAA, PGA Tour, Philadelphia Eagles
Media Notes
In Minneapolis, Judd Zulgad reports the Twins'' ratings on WCCO-AM during April, May and June posted a 10.2 share among persons 12-plus on weeknights from 6:00pm-10:30pm, helping the station reach No.
Tags: Baseball, CBC, CFL, Colleges, ESPN, Football, Minnesota Twins, Media, Walt Disney
Final Nielsen Weekend Ratings
The following lists final Nielsen ratings from recent sports events (THE DAILY). EVENT DATE NET TIME RAT/SHR Golf: Senior British Open - 3rd Rd 7/27 ABC 2:30-4:00pm 0.9/3 NCAA Football: "Quest for #1"
Tags: ABC, LA Angels, Baseball, Basketball, Cablevision, CBS, Colleges, ESPN, Golf, IndyCar, LPGA, MLB, Motorsports, NASCAR, NBC, NCAA, New York Liberty, PGA Tour, Seattle Mariners, Media, Turner Sports, Viacom, Walt Disney, WNBA
People & Personalities
NFL: CBS has re-signed NFL analyst Randy Cross to a four-year deal worth $300,000 annually, according to USA TODAY''s Rudy Martzke. Cross, who was previously on "NFL Today," will team with announcer K
Tags: CBS, Colleges, Comcast-Spectacor, ESPN, Football, Golf, HBO, Motorsports, NASCAR, NBC, NFL, Oakland Raiders, Sports Illustrated, Media, Turner Sports, Viacom, Walt Disney
Media Monitor
TV MONITOR: Last night''s 11:00pm ET 60-minute edition of ESPN''s "SportsCenter" led with D''Backs-Expos, followed by Giants-Phillies. The first non-MLB report, at 15:07 into the broadcast, was Ravens
Tags: Arizona Diamondbacks, Baltimore Ravens, Baseball, Basketball, Callaway Golf, CBS, Colleges, Comcast-Spectacor, ESPN, Football, Golf, MLB, Motorsports, NASCAR, New York Giants, New York Yankees, NFL, Nike, Oakland Raiders, Philadelphia 76ers, Philadelphia Phillies, San Francisco Giants, Seattle Seahawks, Media, Viacom, Vulcan Ventures, Walt Disney
Trustees Approve IU Suites
IN Univ. (IU) trustees have "approved eight luxury suites and 300 club seats for Memorial Stadium, with construction set to begin as early as this week," according to Kate Stone of the INDIANAPOLIS ST
Tags: Colleges, Facilities
Executive Transactions
Switzerland-based KIRCHSPORT is closing its London office, effective September 30. The action follows the integration of PRISMA SPORTS & MEDIA and CWL into KirchSport Anders Hedberg (KirchSport)....In
Tags: Colleges, Hockey, Ottawa Senators, People and Pop Culture>
Movie Stars
>
A
>
Julie Andrews
> Quotes
Julie Andrews
Biography
More Bios
Movies
Quotes
Forum
More ...
Filmbug Top 100
Site Search
Movie Dictionary
Blu-Ray Top 100
DVD Top 100
Julie Andrews Quotes
15 quotations by Julie Andrews
Sometimes oppurtunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
Some people regard discipline as a chore. For me, it is a kind of order that sets me free to fly.
Richard Burton rang me up once and said, Do you know you're my only leading lady I've never slept with? I said, Well, please don't tell everybody, it's the worst image.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
On the whole, I think women wear too much and are to fussy. You can't see the person for all the clutter.
If the director says you can do better, particularly in a love scene, then it is rather embarrassing.
I've got a good right hook.
I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect.
I love singing, and I came to absolutely adore it in the later part of my career.
I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me.
I have always wished I could learn to be a potter. I love collecting ceramics; it would be so fulfilling to create something lovely.
I don't think today's younger audience... would even know what 1920s musicals were like.
I am an optimistic lady.
As soon as you have one, all those dormant maternal instincts start popping out all over you, like German measles.
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
© 1998-2018 Misja.com -
contact Filmbug
-
terms/privacy
All quotes are copyrighted by their respective authors.Mara’s Story
Breast Cancer… two powerful words! They have always been a part of my life. My mother and grandmother both died from breast cancer. My childhood was spent ‘living through’ the disease.
My mother often quizzed me about breast health and early detection. I accompanied her to too many doctors’ appointments and nursed her as she fought the awful side effects of Chemotherapy over twenty years ago.
In the back of my mind, I always knew Cancer was something that might present itself within my body, the only question was when?
Born and raised in Chicago, IL; I moved to San Francisco for high school. I graduated from San Diego State University. In my early 20s and 30s I traveled frequently …. living in London as well as Israel. Experiencing life in other countries, made me realize time and again how fortunate I was to have my life.
I met my husband David on a blind date in November 1999. We knew from the beginning that we had something special. We were married in May 2002. In March 2003, we bought our house. All was going well… we were living the picture perfect life.
In early 2004, we were blessed with the birth of our beautiful daughter, Malia. Because of my strong family history I’d begun having mammograms at the age of 30. Shortly after I stopped breast feeding I went in for a routine mammogram. And there it was – DCIS – the cancer had arrived! Because of my prior mammograms the cancer was detected extremely early.
From the beginning I looked at this experience as a journey, an obstacle I had to overcome, but one that would give me opportunities.
After several conversations with my surgeon, we decided I’d have a bi-lateral mastectomy with immediate reconstruction, a DIEP flap. She thought I was an excellent candidate for the procedure and since I still had some pregnancy weight, I thought what the heck, it will be a great way to get a tummy tuck and boob job!! In reality, my goal was to eliminate any future treatments and experiences with breast cancer.
The surgery was 14 hours long, with a painful 10 week recovery. My margins came back clear, and I was told I did not need any additional treatments. No Chemo, No Radiation, No Tamoxifin… Yippie!!!
I am a poster child for early detection, and I am thankful every day.
But my story does not end there. Fast forward two years, in October 2006 David and I received the news that our 12 week fetus was healthy and viable. After experiencing two miscarriages, we were overjoyed with happiness. Malia was 2.5, and having a second child was a primary goal before, during and after my DCIS diagnosis.
One day shortly after getting the ‘all good’ news, David asked me if I’d felt any changes to my breasts due to the pregnancy. I decided to perform a Breast Self Exam. As I was feeling about and tucked right under my left arm pit, just at the area where my new tissue met my old tissue, was a small, round ‘thing’.
To tell you I panicked is an understatement. Luckily I was able to see our local breast doctor immediately. She performed a biopsy on a Friday morning, and by Monday afternoon I was diagnosed with my second bout of breast cancer in two years. Not a metastasis, but a brand new occurrence and an aggressive one. The tumor was so small, about 8 mm, my doctor couldn’t believe I had found it.
I often say that David and Ari saved my life. If I wasn’t pregnant David wouldn’t have asked me that question and I wouldn’t have found the lump until much later.
The question of ‘what to do and when’ became critical. The reality was I needed to get the cancer out and start treatments as soon as possible. Unfortunately, (but luckily for us) there are other women who have been through Chemo while pregnant – I was put in contact with several of them.
David and I had many LONG conversations with these women and through our talks we both felt better about moving forward with keeping the baby and starting treatments.
So after many doctors’ visits – to the oncologist, the ob-gyn, the surgeon, the peri-natal specialist, (and the therapist)….we decided to have the tumor removed and start A/C at week 22 of gestation.
Yes, I was nervous and yes, I was scared.
But, when I think about to that time and the steps we took to make decisions, I remember a conversation with my breast surgeon. She told me the best news I during this diagnosis was being Her2 receptor positive.
Preferring to look at the silver linings in life…if I had to be diagnosed again, if I had to go through Chemo and Radiation… then it was because I needed to be a Herceptian recipient. Herceptian is going to ensure I am around to play with my grandchildren.
Five months after my diagnosis, on my 39th birthday March 22, 2007, our healthy baby boy, Ari Jonathan arrived four weeks early allowing time for me to recover and start my next phase of treatments Taxol/Herceptian and Radiation. He arrived with a full head of hair (more than me!), a good weight and powerful lungs.
After he was born, Ari accompanied me to most of my treatments. Not surprisingly each office staff claimed their share of the responsibility for his miraculous birth. He is a miracle baby.
Today (January 2012), I have past my 5 year cancer free mark, and have been given a ‘clean bill of health’. Yet, each day (as I look at my children – Malia 7.5 and Ari 4.5) is another accomplishment, and another blessing.
Again, I am a poster child for early detection and Self Breast Exams. And Yes, I am thankful everyday.
In February 2010, I lost my father to COPD and Lung Cancer. I know living through my experience (and laughter about) cancer, chemo and radiation his journey was a little less scary. I think of him every day and know that because of his values, lessons and legacy – my life will forever be fulfilled.
I cannot finish this note without mentioning ‘whom’ that got us through this journey. If it weren’t for the amazing support of an incredible group of family and friends, a network that has surrounded us providing meals, sending prayers, driving me to appointments, babysitting our kids, sending care packages, just in general doing anything we need, above and beyond… we NEVER would be able to face all this. My only hope is that I can pay forward their generosity and someday make the life of someone else in need as meaningful as they have made mine.Tordenskiold
A few words about the project
- Director
- Henrik Ruben Genz
- Production Company
- Nimbus Film Productions
- Services
- Picture post-production.
- Production year
- 2015
“Tordenskjold was innovative, a weirdo, a drunkard and a womaniser,” said Norwegian author Erlend Loe, who wrote the script for Danish director Henrik Ruben Genz’s upcoming story of the nobleman and naval hero Tordenskiold. Production company is Nimbus Film Productions (Denmark).
Picture post-production at Shortcut Oslo. Cinema release in Denmark in January 2016.How to test deployed process on Camunda? I am new to camunda. please let me know
thanksSrikanth
How to trigger /engine-rest/message with xml data
Hi @srikanth6428,
you can start a deployed process using the Tasklist. In what context do you want to trigger the REST-endpoint?
Best regardsSebastian
I need to send XML as input to the process.
you can include XML variables when sending the request. See the REST documentation for an example. The request payload itself has to be JSON.
Does this help you?DELAND AREA business people will take to the streets Saturday to help city crews paint curbs and spruce up the downtown area. The volunteer work crew will assist regular city workers. The workers' salary and equipment are being donated by the city.
Anyone interested in pitching in between 8 a.m. and noon should contact the DeLand Area Chamber of Commerce at (904) 734-4331.Chilliwack Chiefs grad Aidan Pelino has been named the Goaltender of the Month in the NCAA’s Atlantic Hockey Conference.
Pelino plays for the Bentley Falcons, who currently hold down ninth place in the 11 team standings.
The second-year collegiate was unbeaten in three December starts, making at least 30 stops in each game while allowing just four total goals.
Pelino started the month with 31 saves in a 6-2 victory over conference rival American International College.
Pelino’s next games came on the road against East Coast Athletic Conference foes Brown and Dartmouth. He stopped 31 pucks in a 3-1 win over Brown, then notched 30 saves in a 5-1 win against Dartmouth.
Overall in December, Pelino recorded a 1.33 goals against average and a .958 save percentage, both tops in the AHC for the month.
In 12 appearances this season Pelino sports a record of 6-4-1 with a 3.21 GAA and .900 SP.
See uscho.com for more info.ST. BONAVENTURE, N.Y. — The Regina A. Quick Center for the Arts at St. Bonaventure University has again drawn itself into summer reading programs at public libraries across the Twin Tiers.
And taking a cue from this year’s program theme, “Dream Big,” the Quick Center has nearly doubled the number of library stops scheduled by the ArtMobile and its driver/educator Miranda Earley, museum educator at The Quick Center.
“We’ll visit 17 libraries this summer, which is up from about 10 or 11 stops last year,” said Earley. “We’re all over the place – five counties in two states, from Jamestown to Alfred to Port Allegany.”
This is the fourth year that The Quick Center has been invited by local libraries to inject a dose of art into the unified, themed summer reading program held by public libraries across the country.
Earley will load up the ArtMobile with supplies and make two trips to each of the 17 participating libraries. Each hour-long visit will present a lesson and activity aligned with the “Dream Big” theme of the summer reading program.
In Session I, participants will view prints of artwork created by the late Marc Chagall, a Russian artist known for his dreamlike paintings that reflect his favorite childhood memories. Participants will then use a variety of materials to create their own dreamlike mobiles.
In Session II, participants will view photos from The Quick Center’s Native American collection and explore the history of the dream catcher, an object consisting of a web woven around a circular or tear-shaped frame. Hung over the bed of sleeping children, it is said to “catch” bad dreams while letting good dreams through. Participants will build their own dream catcher from materials found in the home.
Earley will be assisted by two students: Patrick Alfonso from Tampa, Fla., a senior at St. Bonaventure majoring in finance and philosophy; and Brooke Skroback, who will be a senior next year at Portville Central School. A budding photographer, Skroback will keep a visual journal of the summer sessions..
Evelyn Sabina, curator of education at The Quick Center, said she looks forward each year to expanding the reach of St. Bonaventure’s arts center. “Not everybody can get to this incredible resource, so this allows us to bring The Quick Center to them,” she said. “We’re excited that so many libraries in our area appreciate the connections between literature and art. And we’re also grateful to The Ink Well for sponsoring this summer’s program.”
Participating libraries in New York include those in Alfred, Allegany, Belfast, Canaseraga, Cuba, Ellicottville, Franklinville, Jamestown, Olean, Portville, Randolph, Salamanca, Scio and Whitesville. Participating Pennsylvania libraries include those in Coudersport, Duke Center and Port Allegany.
St. Bonaventure’s Artmobile was purchased and equipped with a $50,000 grant secured in 2009 with the assistance of Sen. Catharine Young of Olean.
Application forms, procedures and additional information
There are many ways to experience
St. Bonaventure for yourself
Learn more about the programs that interest youDeck and Port; or, Incidents of a Cruise in the United States Frigate Congress to California
New York: A.S. Barnes, 1850. First Edition. Hardcover (Original Cloth). Original blindstamped cloth, front hinge cracked but binding sound. Slightly shaken and a few signatures loose - with the frontis portrait, map (the map was added in the second issue of the first edition) and the four tinted views. 408pp... MoreBrooklyn: BAMcinematek presents Big Screen Epics on their great big new screen, The Broooklyn Academy of Music is working overtime to put their newly renovated Harvey Theater to good use. BAM Cinemafest is over, and the Hitchcock 9 have silently flickered for 3 days and now and now the massive Steinberg Screen will be featuring Big Screen Epics.
Movies like Lawrence of Arabia, 2001 a Space Odyssey, and that film festival favorite (this one is playing all over NY this summer) The Godfather.
Here is a schedule with links to The BAM information pages for each film:
July 3rd to July 9th: 2001:A Space Odyssey
July 10th to 15th: Lawrence of Arabia
July 11th to 14th: Doctor Zhivago
July 17th to July 24th: The Godfather
July 18th to July 21st: The Godfather Part II
July 20th and 21st: Double Feature- The Godfather and The Godfather Part II
Saturday, July 6, 2013
Brooklyn: BAMcinematek presents Big Screen Epics on their great big new screenPre-Order
Warner Bros: The Making of an American Movie Studio
$25.00 the Author
David Thomson is a film critic and historian, and the author of more than twenty books, including The Biographical Dictionary of Film, now in its sixth edition, and Why Acting Matters. He lives in San Francisco, CA.
Reviews
Products for Car / 4x4 / Van
Hazard spotted. Information passed on. Danger averted.
As a major supplier of original equipment systems to international automakers, Continental identifies particularly closely with the principles of Vision Zero
Here you can find our latest news concerning our Vision Zero
Read the latest issue of our VisionZeroNewsWelcome to Day One of the Three Day Pixie Dust "Oh, Snap!" Blog Hop. If you arrived here from Lelia's blog, then you're in the right place! If not start at the beginning at the Pixie Dust Studio Blog Participating Pixies will present a new project on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Each day Pixie will select a "Mystery Blog". One comment will be randomly chosen from that blog, and the lucky hopper will win one digi. In addition, there will be a Grand Prize each day of the Hop! THREE Pixie Dust images will be won by a random commenter who comments on all participating blogs and answers the question on Pixie's (Kathy's) blog. Be sure to come back each day of the Hop to see all of the new images, amazing projects, and more chances to WIN! Comments for all three days will close on Monday at noon CST.
Here is the release for Oh Snap Release
Here is my project:
I colored her with colored pencils. I placed her in a ring of peppermint candies that came from Digital Delights By Louby Loo. The Christmas Wishes was stamped with a cling stamp. The easel card with a drawer is my design. You can view the tutorial here on You Tube
Hop Order:
Audrey-
Myriam-
I have entered the following challenges Christmas Easel Card
12 comments:
CUTE! Love the easel box. I have to try that. Love these new images.
Cute card, love that little drawer. Hugs Lisa xxx
What a precious stamp. and the project is great. Thanks for sharing
great job, might have to try out one of these.
This is such a cute project!
What a sweet project! I do so love these little easel drawers!
XXX
What a creative girl you are! I LOVE this project!!!
Beautiful easel card with the drawer, she looks stunning!
Hugs, Elenor
Beautiful project, I love the peppermint candies around the image!
Too cute with the drawer!
I can see another evening being spent on You Tube trying to learn how to make this fabulous box creation! What a gorgeous creation! Everything about it is fabulous! I love how you were able to keep the spotlight on Pixie's Gingerbread Friends. It definately deserves to be showed off! I had to let you know that you missed coloring one spot of the green on the middle right hand side. I can't tell you how many times this has happened to me and I don't notice it until I've already given it to the person.
How adorable is this? Very!A physiotherapist belonging to a Brazilian football club had to flee from a ground after making a double-save in the last minute of a play-off match.
See more here:
Physio flees Brazilian football pitch after making vital double-save …
We are pleased to provide this information, however you should ensure you consult the appropriate professional for the services you seek.The very first .ca domain name was registered 30 years ago Friday to the University of Prince Edward Island.
upei.ca was the first domain registered by the University of British Columbia's John Demco, who was in charge of the domain registrations, on Jan. 12, 1988. The next day, ubc.ca was registered.
Blair Vessey, a solutions architect for UPEI who was part of the university's IT team at the time, said the university being the first domain name is more happenstance than anything else. Jim Hancock, then-director of computer services, was at a meeting of 10 universities where they decided to set up a domain registration system for Canada. Hancock just happened to be the first to submit an application and get approved.
"It was one of those things where Jim just happened to be the first one to get the university's name in," Vessey said. "He wasn't trying to be first, he just thought this was something important we need to do."
What the UPEI website looked like in the early 2000s. (UPEI)
While they didn't intend to be the first, it is a source of pride for the small Island university.
"We are proud of the fact that we were the first," Vessey said. "It's nice to know that as a very small university compared to a lot of them across the country that we were the first in line when it came to establishing that domain."
Vessey noted collaboration has been at the heart of developing the internet and computer systems for 40 years, including a key collaboration with New Brunswick, as well as universities across Canada.
'It's nice to know that as a very small university compared to a lot of them across the country that we were the first in line when it came to establishing that domain.'— Blair Vessey
"It's meant we have always been at the leading edge of being aware of the possibilities the internet, email, web servers would allow," Vessey said. "We were early adopters of things that today are staples of people's everyday lives."
There are about a dozen other domain names the university has registered today, mainly for outside projects and campaigns as the need arises. Vessey is also now the domain contact for upei.ca.
Vessey said they didn't know how back then how important the internet would become or how it would grow, and today focus on how to prepare for the next developments to come.
"Nobody could see where this was going," Vessey said. "We all kind of wondered at what it turned into."
- MORE P.E.I. NEWS | P.E.I. man breathes new life into historic photos
- MORE P.E.I. NEWS | Fewer Christmas trees at curb — and that's fine by P.E.I. sanitation workersHeader for essay
I have my essay written, but i am not sure how to arrange the header for my name, date and stuff like thatsome one please help :. Making campaign promises a reality and that we explanation other computer users lack of interest particular country that you know. Explain how to signal important points within the paper by using headings and subheadings write your headings and subheadings header in the upper. Good introduction paragraph for college essay outline hindi essay book for class 4 years gre issue essay responses korean important essay for 2nd year 2016 quizlet.
Research paper header - entrust your assignment to us and we will do our best for you professionally written and hq academic papers best hq academic writings. Triepels challenging english essays slagwerk - geleen limburg,uw drumspecialist, drumstel kopen, boomwhacker lessen essay on the crucible hysteria notes header for. A guide about formatting college essays and some style tips college essay format with style guide and important parts in essay formatting is the header.
Essay brainstorming generator kits can an essay have 6 paragraphs for him persuasive essay brainstorming worksheet zero essay on urban life vs rural life. What follows are sample numbered headings that can be used as your reference when making headings for your own paper using the mla writing format: heading : bold. How to properly format the mla format heading this page contains general guidelines on how to properly format the heading on your research paper using the mla. Formatting an essay in chicago style title page on the first page to remove the page number from the title page, under the header and footer tools menu. Click anywhere in the body of the paper to exit the header area 22 adding the page “mla format papers: step-by-step instructions for writing research essays.
Essay essentials with readings thesis write ups 6th edition pdf download zitkala-sa, very in her scientific book, has first seeing all of the mla heading over to. Title pages, headings, margins, pagination, and fonts mla style requires a heading on the first page of your paper the heading appears college of liberal arts. Thesis college essay header application for college admission letter best website for getting essays. Only the first page should include the whole heading and title all margins--top, bottom, and sides--should be set to one inch (1) throughout the whole paper.
College application essay format your college essay should be a brief essay about who you are and what you intend to study at the academic institution of your choosing. Ehh i just double spaced my essays in times new roman size 12 font and sent it in common app puts your name at the top as a header for every essay page, so i figured. Owen: november 1, 2017 i also found that passage peculiar (and the essay overall muddy) all options (eg mitigation, srm) should be held to similar standards. We provide excellent essay writing service 24/7 enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers.
Mla heading and headers and margins all formal papers should include the mla header and every page should have a header on it. Mla page format: first page pages that follow the opening page to your essay should use pages that follow the opening page should use a header in. Narrative essay prompts high school college essay application review service on community essay to apply master. Formatting an essay in mla style heading on the first page, in the upper left-hand corner, place your name, your instructor’s name, the course, and the date on.Universal Body Harness Mount for Compact Cameras w/ J Hook & Tripod Adapter
Product Information. Chest Strap Positioning - The chest strap offers a ?lower than helmet? point of view. This position is great for capturing shots of your surfboard, skis, snowboard, skateboard and more while still maintaining a steady view of the environment around you. See more of what you?re doing with more hands and legs in view. How does it work? - The additional tripod screw adapter, connect any compact cameras making the chest strap a universal mounting system for both action AND point-and-shoot cameras. Works With: Canon Powershot D30 , S200 , N100 , ELPH 150 IS , 140 IS , 135 , 340 / Fujifilm FinePix XP70 , XQ1 , XP200 , XP60 / Nikon 1 S2 , Coolpix S810c , 1 J4 , 1 V3 , AW120 / Olympus Tough TG-3 , TG-850 iHS , TG-2 iHS , TG-830 iHS / Samsung WB350F , WB50F , WB35F / Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-RX100 III , W800 , WX350 , WX220
- Chest circumference: 25-72 in. / Shoulder to chest height: 11-18 in. / Weight 5.76 oz. Quality Guaranteed ? Backed by 3 year manufacturer?s warranty."
- Setup custom shooting angles and ?lower than helmet? perspectives while snowboarding, skateboarding, skiing and more.
- The chest strap is made with stretch-fit elastic and has a 4-point adjustable system to ensure a comfortable and secure fit for all body types.
- The strap is universally compatible w/ point-and-shoot cameras such as Sony Cyber-Shot DSC-RX100 III , Samsung WB350F , Olympus Tough TG-3 & More!
- This all inclusive kit comes with a J hook action mount adapter and a 1/4? tripod screw adapter..After the research I start to think about how to express the song. I want to combine illustrative and graphic, but focus on the illustration more than graphically based.
I first draw Jonny playing the violin. Through research Johnny’s image was a cute and young country bot character to me, but in first sketch I want to expressed like a violin concert posters, a handsome man taking on a dynamic violin pose,I draw it more realistic and to show the song title rhythmically next to him.
The second design was more characteristic than the first. Its same situation of the first design. Jonny was playing the violin. When I design this I think about draw in computer background was one colour and the painting a character more graphic than painting a detail.
I thought that the main point in this song was Jonny, the devil and the violin. In order to show these three elements at once, I placed the middle violin on the opposite side of each other. With only three images, I could not concentrate my gaze, so I wrapped a piece of paper with a title on the violin.I like the arrangement and size of the composition to be stable, and it seems like it is designed to look good.Automotive combustion particles and their elimination devices. Document ADEME
Results of the program led by ADEME since 1995 "Particulates automobiles".
Physico-chemical characterization of the particles. Effectiveness of pollution control devices.
Introduction
Despite significant progress in limiting the release of pollutants from automobiles, due to regulations and technological advances, there remains a concern about the emission of certain pollutants such as nitrogen oxides and particulates, due the constant increase in traffic of passengers and goods.
Indeed, Diesel, initially used almost exclusively for heavy vehicles, saw its employment grow very strongly for private vehicles during recent years. He currently represents 60% of sales and almost 50% of the fleet of private cars in France. This success is linked to the economic nature of the use of these engines (lower diesel fuel prices combined with volume consumption lower than that of petrol engines) and technological advances they have received in recent years.
Recent solutions in place (high pressure direct injection, variable geometry turbocharger) have undoubtedly helped to increase the performance of these engines, while further reducing their inherent fuel consumption, pollutant emissions and their noise emissions.
From an environmental point of view, the diesel engine is however penalized by particulate emissions it causes.
The study and treatment of these solid compounds, visible exhaust and heavily criticized for their impact on air quality, the subject of numerous studies for characterization and development. The emitted particles become suspended in the air and can be inhaled and deposited at a point airway or be expired. The disposal site, or expiration probability depends on the particle properties, respiratory tract and respiratory system. Effects on short-term health occur at relatively low concentrations (less than 50 mcg / m3) and verify the medical level (consultations, emergency department).
At higher concentrations, it is correlated with the presence of particles and the development of chronic bronchitis.
As regards longer-term effects (cardiovascular effects, respiratory tract cancers), many appraisals were conducted by public health agencies of the industrialized countries (IARC, 1989; INERIS, 1993; HEI (Health Effects Institute ) 1995; French Society of Public Health (SFSP), 1996 ...).
To date, mutagenic character of these combustion residues has been proven experimentally.
But the carcinogenic effects of such emissions could not be demonstrated that for certain animal species and for concentrations of well above pollutants to those encountered in the environment. In humans, epidemiological studies in the workplace tend to show an increased incidence of lung carcinoma and bladder.
Moreover, studies in the United States tend to show an increase in lung cancer risk associated with long-term exposure to particulate pollution in the air. Diesel particles have been classified as probable carcinogens by the International Agency for Research against Cancer.
The growing interest in diesel engine for both freight vehicles than for passenger cars and the health impacts identified, incite to ask a number of important issues, including the relevance of regulations on emissions.
Given the fact that these are the smallest particles that penetrate deep into the respiratory tract and its harmfulness also depends on their chemical composition, the two questions that need to provide answers are:
- The technical devices considered to face the tougher emissions standards will they not have more effective action on the larger particles heavier than the finer particles, thus putting into question the relevance of the current regulation covering the mass emissions?
- What is the chemical composition of the emitted particles, are their hazardous compounds properly disposed by technical devices?
To answer these questions, ADEME decide soon 1990, quantify the performance of a particulate filter (DPF).
At that time, the first application is on a bus to take account of emissions in urban areas. However the technology is not mature, the results were not satisfactory.
ADEME then decided to organize a great characterization program, based on two major axes:
- A research program focused on the physicochemical characterization of particles from cars. The objectives of this program, launched in 1995 in the program PRIMEQUAL / PREDIT aim firstly to inquire formation mechanisms of these particles
and secondly to identify the characteristics of responsible soot effects on health. This component is developed in the first part of the document.
- A performance evaluation program in use on fleets, the first available systems. The evaluations concerned all road vehicles, buses, garbage trucks, heavy trucks, light vehicles. For each type of vehicles involved, all relevant systems is evaluated, both in actual use (held in time and efficiency) and laboratory for accurate and comparable data. This component is the subject of the second part of the document.
More:
- The fine particles, health impact
- doctoral thesis on the particles
- Discussion efficiency particulate filters?
DESCRIPTION
Filling joints machine FC 20 is a small single-phase vertical worm pump, with electronic range variation of pump output capacity by inverter; it is very light weight, (only 45 kg) and compact, easy to use and fit for everybody: company, professional and also private users.
Filling joints machine FC 20 is able to filling with a ready-mix plaster with max. aggregate size to 3 mm mixed separately by a mixer, the joints at least with a width of 8 mm on brick, brick facades, porphyry, paving, different types of stones and pebbles of various sizes.
The possibility of adjusting the pump output capacity, directly in the machine electric panel, allow to change output capacity from 0,5 to 4 l/min by inverter, therefore ensuring using in many different situations to perform fine joints on brick facades or larger joints on bricks or stones; also a single operator can be performed the filling because the machine can be stopped and started directly in the filling gun, by the wired 24 V remote control, included in the standard equipment.
In a Photos in a buldings site sections you can view a photo report about FC 20 in a building site for filling joints of bricks facades.
Edilmac FC 20 is the ideal solution for filling joints easy and convenient.
FEATURES
TECHNICAL DATA
DETAILED PICS
Filling gun and wired 24 V remote control.
Control to adjust pump output capacity.
top page
© 2000-2018 Edilmac plastering machines - All rights reserved. site mapSports Illustrated Kids Kid Reporter Max Bonnstetter reports from the NFL FLAG Football regional tournament in Florham Park, NJ.
In November, Kid Reporter Max Bonnstetter went to the NFL FLAG Football Regional Tournament in Florham Park, New Jersey. There were more than 90 teams of boys and girls ranging in age from nine through 14 from all over the United States competing to win a spot in the finals. They will be held next month in Orlando, Florida, during the week of the Pro Bowl. It was an action-packed, fun-filled day.(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2017)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
(2016)
pp. 599-610 | Article Number: iejme.2016.057
Published Online: July 16, 2016
Article Views: 482 | Article Download: 555
Abstract
References.Best Quality Men Vintage Biker Retro Motorcycle Cafe Racer Moto Distressed Leather Jacket In USA -USD 0
Publish Date: 14-11-2017 03:57:07 | Contact name: Celebs class | Location: USA | Place: miami | 47 times displayed |
Real leather Jacket with extraordinary looks, rough in approach but highly admirable designs and colors. In Men's Vintage Motorcycle Cafe Racer Biker Retro Black Distressed Leather Jacket there is a stair case quilted pattern over the back of this exquisite jacket. This jacket has everything that one needs – be it style, comfort, warmth and durability.
Real Leather Lambskin
Brand New with Tags
Y2KK Zipper closure
Pockets: Two inside and four outside pockets (Two chest and two side)
Inside Viscose Lining
For More Details Call Now Or Buy It From Here:
00442081339090People always do their best when you let go. While you feel you might be the only thing keeping someone whole, happy or strong in fact you are the thing keeping them broken, sad and weak because they are not addressing their pain. People are strong, let go of their hand and let them travel down their path so that they can resolve their pain and realize themselves. Let go and have compassion at a distance, know they are just fine and doing just what they need to do. Know that they will live out their life just as they planned.Few days back, Asus unvieled its Zenfone Go variant smartphone on the ZenFestival 2015 at the Jawahar Lal Nehru Stadium in New Delhi.
Also, the company has listed the device on the official Asus India website and Flipkart last month. Today, the company has announced the availability of the mid-range Zenfone Go device.
SEE ALSO: 10 Android Apps Gaming lovers MUST AVOID to save battery from draining out fast!
Asus Zenfone Go - Key Specifications
Asus Zenfone Go, sports a 5-inch display, with a resolution of 720 x 1280 pixels which work outs into 294 ppi. It is powered by a 1.3GHz Quad-core MediaTek processor besides 2GB LPDDR3 RAM under the hood.
On the storage department, this device is equipped with 8GB internal memory, with an expansion option of up to 64GB via microSD card slot.
Further, the camera of Go comes with 8MP rear camera, 2MP front shooter on board. Talking about the software, this device is shipped with Android 5.1 Lollipop on top of Zen UI 2.0 out of the box.
SEE ALSO: Top 12 Smartphones with 8MP and higher camera, selfie lovers need to check out now!
Moving on to the connectivity, it supports dual SIM, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, hotspot, Bluetooth, GPS, microUSB v2.0. It is powered by a 2070mAh battery. Additionally, it also comes with free 100GB Google Drive for 2 years.
The Asus Zenfone Go is available in Pure Black, Ceramic White, Glamour Red variant and comes at a price of Rs. 7,999. Users can buy the device at the ASUS exclusive outlets, all leading retail stores and Flipkart starting from today.Equity - UK (All Companies)
Funds & Fund Managers
Looking up: European equity PMs talk opportunity as risks fade
European large-cap equity fund managers are feeling optimistic about the outlook for the continent..
JPM AM ups restrictions on $4.7bn Euro equity fund
Soft-close measures taken for second time, Citywire Selector has learned..Tumpek Uduh also have any idea as Tumpek Wariga or Tumpek Pengatag dedicated to Sanghyang Sangkara, Lord of all food – starts once blessing ceremony is given to them for good plants and products, held at each plantation and farm through the island. Nothing at all is far more snug and relaxing than leading a rest underneath a dense tree especially in a hot sun-shining day. Most desert-caravans might be enthusiastically thankful if most dense tress grew alongside the way in the wilderness. Timber or plants are the breath of air of earth, and folks ought to be grateful of their oxygen, fruits, leaves, super food and their cold breeze.Ref: Bali Villas
These folks are buddies and super food supply of ours. Their lifestyle is our survival.They deserve to acquire our attention, and ought to be correct by our facet in the feeling of harmony. Ritually, Balinese possess a uncommon ceremony to beg any wealth for vegetations so they can always offer their crops for mankind. A ceremony to say gratitude to Ida Sang Hyang Widhi Wasa (God) for His honor in providing super food supply in the kind of vegetation.
Tumpek Wariga is a ritual ceremony devoted to the vegetations. It’s additionally known as Tumpek Pengarah or Tumpek Uduh or Tumpek Bubuh. It’s named as Tumpek Pengarah since it’s a day to give instruction/suggestion for the vegetation to present a lot of super food (many fruits, leaves, and many others). It facilitates the Balinese to generate any planning to hail Galungan Day that should appear in a couple of weeks ahead. Pengarah implies coaching. It will come after in each six months or just about every 210 days, suggesting the Balinese to worship God Sangkara the God of Vegetation. It’s a proper time to beg the God to give His grace so the vegetation can present a lot of crops.Ref: Villas in Bali
Tumpek Bubuh is also its title because there is bubuh integrated in the choices which’s committed to God Sangkara, the God of vegetation. Bubuh implies porridge made from rice flour. In agreeing the ceremony, the bubuh is smeared as a tree bark as a symbol of fertilizers (the proper food for vegetation).
In Pangider-ider Bhuana (eight direction), Balinese worship the honor of God Sangkara at the SouthWest with His saint color is green which symbolizes the fertility. God Sangkara is additionally worshipped as Dewan Pa-nunggun Karang, the god who safeguards Balinese in houses. He could flip out into Sang Hyang Kala who can disturb the who was the owner of home if the proprietor ignores His existence. Such personality is very equivalent to the characteristic of vegetation. Any endeavors of individuals to injury or to disregard the conservation of vegetation is only a type of suicide.
On the various hand, prosperity and comfort can come nearly whenever the vegetation is guarded and conserved. About the full meaning disguised at the rear of that ceremony, Tumpek Wariga incorporates external and interior denoting for the Balinese. Wariga is the identify of seventh wuku in Balinese calendar. In addition to, it’s also a term to figure out the acceptable or inappropriate day to have a ceremony or activity in Hinduism.Ref: Bali Luxury VillasTip: Enter your city or province in the "where" box to show results in your area.
We have removed 3 job postings very similar to those already shown. To see these additional results, you may repeat your search with the omitted job postings included.
$77,091 per year
Based on 6,861 salariesGPU (graphics processing unit) and IGP shipments between Q2 and Q1 are up nearly 25 million additional units. That puts second quarter shipments just shy of the 100 million mark at 98.7 million, or a 31.3 percent increase during a seasonal switch that normally sees changes no higher or lower than 5 percent.
Seasonal effects on graphics shipments usually lead to a decrease in orders between the first and second calendar quarters of the year. But new numbers just released from Jon Peddie Research (JPR) show a dramatic improvement from last year's big retail "hunkering down" in preparation for an economic recession.
AMD took the top spot for growth between Q2 and Q1, boosting its shipments from 12.81 million units in the first quarter to 18.3 million in the second. The 41.5-percent increase might have beat Intel's and nVidia's at 35.2 percent and 23.6 percent respectively, but Intel still won the day for the size of its additional shipments and new market share.
Intel gained nearly 13 million new shipments between the two quarters, boosting its overall second-quarter market share to 51.2 percent. nVidia's market share actually fell from 31.1 percent to 29.2 percent between the two quarters, no doubt slowed by Intel and AMD's larger gains.
PC components reviews and upgrades advice
The company only increased its graphics shipments a bit over 5 million units between the two quarters - earning it a third place in quarter-to-quarter growth, but still allowing nVidia to hold onto a second-place position for overall market share.
JPR expects the graphics market to continue its shipment gains throughout Q3 and Q4, spurred by the launch of Microsoft's Windows 7 and Apple's Snow Leopard as well as the expected price war between new, 40mm-chipset ATI and nVidia cards.Welcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
- Ifugao or Negrito peoples
- arrow, early 1900s
- Where object was made: Philippines
- bamboo, metal, feathers, adhesive tape, dyeing
- Object Length: 100 cm
Object Length: 39 3/8 in
- Gift of the Olga E. and Lt. Colonel Raymond H. Hollis family
- Not on display
- 2007.3563.03
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Description
The arrow has a bamboo shaft and metal point. The triangular point has barbs at the bottom. Adhesive tape wraps the end near the metal, holding purple feathers in place. Adhesive tape also wraps the fletched end, keeping the dark brown fletching in place as well as purple feathers at the base of the fletching.PDA SOFTWARE/ACCESSORY REVIEW
Mapopolis GPS Bundle for Sony CLIÉ
I began using Mapopolis as a map viewer several years ago on my Palm IIIx, and was impressed with the detail and speed of maps at that time. Mapopolis has come a long way in a few years, and now has products for both the Palm and Pocket PC platforms. I use Mapopolis Navigator on my Pocket PC and was pleased to see Mapopolis offer hardware bundles, including the first available U.S. solution for the Sony CLIÉ line of devices. I think there is a Memory Stick solution in Japan, but it is not readily available at this time. Mapopolis is now also now selling the Emtac GPs Bluetooth device that should work with the upcoming CLIÉ NZ series.
Holux GPs Hardware
The Holux GPs "mouse" device is available for all Palm devices with the universal connector, the majority of the Sony CLIÉ models, and all Pocket PC models, including the Pocket Loox. I tested the model for my CLIÉ NX70V.
Box contents
When you open the box you will find a simple one-page instruction sheet, the Holux "mouse," a cable that connects the "mouse" to the CLIÉ's serial port on the bottom of the CLIÉ, and a second plug that is inserted in your 12V DC power source. The software is downloadable from Mapopolis. Mapopolis also now sells the Mapopolis software on CD in case you don't want to download the software and maps, but I don't think it is part of a bundle yet. You can also purchase the hardware by itself and use other NMEA-compliant software if you desire.
CLIÉ in Arkon mount
After installing the latest Mapopolis software (which is actually free) and loading at least one map (these are not free, but are included with the complete bundle), you simply jump into your car or truck and plug the 12 V DC plug into your cigarette lighter. I use an Arkon mount for holding my CLIÉ in view in my truck. The great thing about the power cord is that it not only powers the GPs, but it also charges your CLIÉ at the same time. The GPs has a built-in rechargeable battery to help secure a fix much faster. I love not having to go buy another auto charger for my CLIÉ. You then plug the other end into the bottom of you CLIÉ (serial port). The "mouse" can be placed virtually anywhere in your automobile, as I will discuss shortly.
Launch the Mapopolis software and select a map to view. One shortcoming with the current crop of Palm devices is the limited RAM, especially the only 11 MB available to the user on the CLIÉ NX devices. Pierce County, Washington, USA took up about 1.8 MB, but King County was closer to 5 MB, so I had trouble loading both counties at the same time and couldn't use the contiguous county function for long.
I had my oldest daughter ride with me once to test the ability of the Holux "mouse" to keep a signal. She moved the "mouse" around the truck and the signal was held even if the "mouse" did not have a direct view of the sky. I thought this was amazing because the CompactFlash model used with my Pocket PC requires an external antenna in the car to get a decent signal. The only time the signal was lost was when she placed it under her leg, and as soon as she pulled it out the signal was quickly picked back up. One thing I found when establishing an initial position is that the device was extremely fast in acquiring a signal, even if I was in a totally different location from the last time I ran the device. The devices uses a SiRF Star II chipset and can track 12 satellites at once.
The device is very light, and the "mouse" itself weighs only 3.3 ounces compared to the 8-ounce CLIÉ. The GPs is waterproof for use in any type of weather, although it must be plugged into a DC power source for use. The specifications state that the unit consumes less than 170 mA with a 4.5-5.5 V input. As I stated earlier it supports the NMEA standard and can be used with other software solutions, although I don't know why you would not use the excellent Mapopolis software.
Holux "mouse"
Mapopolis Software
The Mapopolis map viewer is a free program that is available for both Palm and Pocket PC devices. There are different levels of map subscriptions, and the bundle includes the Mapopolis Platinum +GPs version (for either North America or Europe) since this is the only Palm version that supports the use of a GPs device. The Pocket PC versions include Mapopolis Navigator, which supports voice-enabled and turn-by-turn navigation, and thus the higher cost of the bundle.
Main Menu
After you have Mapopolis running, the first thing you will want to do is tap the GPs and then GPs Settings buttons. At the top is a pull-down list to select the port that the GPs is connected to, and in this case select Use Serial Connection. As you can see there are other options that are not applicable to the CLIÉ, such as CF (I wish) and Bluetooth (in NZ90). In the Settings screen you can also choose to auto-rotate the map so that you are always driving up on the display; otherwise it will default to North as up. There are some other settings on this screen as well.
GPs settings
After making these selections and saving them the Holux GPs should start up, and you will see the latitude, longitude, elevation, speed, and satellite signal strength, as well as a digital compass. I found the Holux GPs to be extremely fast in obtaining a fix. It was actually much faster than the CompactFlash model in my Pocket PC.
GPs status
You can now drive around with the GPs tracking your position on the map. If you want to use the GPs for driving directions you will have to go to the Main Menu and tap the Directions button. Here is where you select a start and destination point. You can quickly set the points on the map or find a location.
Finding a location
Mapopolis is very fast and makes it easy to find directions; it also allows you to import a location from your address book. Once you have the two points--there is currently no waypoint support, although someone has posted a workaround using the Maplets feature--you can tap Step by Step and see the directions in text and then export them to Memo Pad. You can also choose to Map It and they will show up as a green line (by default, but all the colors are customizable). There is no way to show the turn-by-turn text directions and map on one display, although this is a function in Mapopolis Navigator. You can also create Maplets for saving your favorite destinations, etc.
Route on map
Driving on route
Conclusion
The Holux GPs device is easy to set up and use, and I haven't found a PDA device that obtains and maintains fixes any faster. The ability to just throw the "mouse" anywhere in your vehicle and still obtain a strong signal is wonderful. I can't say enough how fast and responsive the Mapopolis software is in every aspect. On the map display you can zoom in and out and add or remove map detail in the blink of an eye.
I hope a Navigator product is eventually released for the Palm OS because I do like the on-screen turn-by-turn directions.
The software has been around for several years and continues to get better all the time. Mapopolis has excellent customer service and is very responsive to e-mail requests. There is even a dedicated Mapopolis forum hosted at GPs Passion that Mapopolis reps visit and respond to regularly.
If you are looking for an auto navigation system for your CLIÉ you can't go wrong with the Mapopolis/Holux GPs bundle.
Ratings Defense
I give the Holux GPs 5 Geekheads for Quality because the device is well built while being very light and waterproof. The device obtains fixes faster than any other GPs system I have tested, and maintains the signal strength without a direct view of the sky. The Mapopolis software is top notch, and the speed overshadows the fact that there are no turn-by-turn text directions on the map.
The Holux GPs bundle gets 4 Geekheads for Geekness because GPs on a PDA is very geeky and yet practical, since it is a very inexpensive way to add GPs navigation to your automobile (much cheaper than buying a new BMW). The ability to charge your device while using the GPs device is also a neat way to add an auto charger to your collection. The fact that you can only use it with a 12 V DC power source makes it not very portable and keeps it from the full 5 Geekheads and a Geek.com Pick.Nagging in Marriage – From the WSJ: “It’s more common than adultery and potentially as toxic, so why is it so hard to stop nagging?” I’m always fascinated by articles like this that diagnose and attempt to cure sin but without reference to anything spiritual.
Tainted Saint – .” This article explains how her path to sainthood has run into the Roman Catholic sex scandals.
Hymn to God the Father – Denny Burk shares a musical adaptation of a favorite poem by John Donne.
James MacDonald and TGC – James MacDonald explains why he has resigned from The Gospel Coalition.
60 Hours Per Minute – YouTube has just released this amazing statistic: Every second its users upload one hour of video. 60 hours per minute. That is just astounding.
United Bases of America – Here’s an infographic that displays American military presence across the world.
8 Profitable Ways to Read the Bible – Here is some old but timeless wisdom from J.C. Ryle on reading the Bible.
And finally, a quote that could almost (almost!) be from the book of Proverbs:
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. –Winston ChurchillAlexander C. Bost139 photos
MIT Vice President for Research Maria T. Zuber introduces United States Secretary of State John Kerry before his speech on climate change Monday morning in the Samberg Conference Center.
Alexander C. Bost–The Tech
Thatcher Chamberlain ’19 and Noa K. Yoder ’19 finish a race during this weekend’s Oberg Trophy, hosted by MIT
Alexander C. Bost–The Tech
Jazmine Henderson '19 pounds through tackles left and right during MIT Women's Rugby's annual Prom Dress game
Alexander C. Bost–The Tech
Paper airplanes are suspended above the W20 stairs on Sunday advertising xFair, hosted by MIT TechX and MIT Tau Beta Pi.
Alexander c. Bost—The Tech
Greta M. Farrell ’18 and Elizabeth Zhang ’16 roll tack their Flying Junior dinghy during the Victorian Coffee Urn Trophy hosted by Harvard University on Saturday. MIT hosted the Erwin Schell Trophy in which the Engine...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Wendla (Talia E. Weiss ’17) and Melchior (Matthew T. Iovino ’17) share a moment in a hayloft during “The Guilty Ones.”
aLEXANDER C. BOST—The Tech
Benjamin C. Freed ’17 competes in the steeple chase during the New England Women’s and Men’s Athletic Conference championship on Saturday. MIT won the championship for the 15th straight year.
Alexander C. bost—The tech
Matthew T. Iovino ’17 acts in the MIT Musical Theatre Guild’s production of Spring Awakening. Set in a German town in the late 19th century, the production explores a variety of mature themes born of the characters’ n...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Moritz’s father, played by Garrett W. Schulte ’17, grieves for his son in “Left Behind.”
alexander c. bost—The Tech
William R. Ruschel ’18 soars above the jumping pit during the New England Women’s and Men’s Athletic Conference championship on Saturday. MIT won the championship for the 15th straight year.
Alexander C. bost—The tech
Zoe R. Sheinkopf ’17 leads the cast of NextAct’s Seussical as Sour Kangaroo.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Jesse N. Orlowski ’16, Joschua B. Scherrer ’18, and Cole A. Graham ’15, playing the Wickershams, sing during a rehearsal for Seussical on Wednesday night. NextAct, founded in 1985 and celebrating 30 years of performan...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A Mercedes-Benz crashed into a temporary fence at the Saferide shuttle turnaround outside W20 on Sunday night at around 10 p.m.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Table settings for Grains of Rice, presented by the MIT Asian American Association, were complete with goldfish, which guests were encouraged to take home at the end of the event.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Alexander C. Klein ’15 bats the ball after a diving save by Thomas F. Leech ’18 kept the point alive during a game against Lehman College on Friday, April 3. The game was part of the Scramble Tournament, which MIT dom...
ALEXANDER C. BOST—THE TECH
Candidates for President and Vice President of the Undergraduate Association debate in the Student Center lobby Tuesday night. From left: Sophia Liu ’17, Matthew Davis ’16, Laila Shehata ’16, Robert Mahari ’17, Siobha...
ALEXANDER C. BOST—The Tech
Apollo 11 astronaut Michael Collins answers an audience member’s question during a discussion about lessons learned from his career on Wednesday afternoon in 32-123. Collins, who piloted the command module during the ...
Alexander c. bost—The Tech
Building 12 as seen from Building 24 on Sunday, March 29. The building, about one quarter of the way through demolition, will make way for the new MIT.nano facility, which is expected to be complete by 2018.
Alexander c. bost—The Tech
Nikita K. Kodali ’17 models a Pakistani outfit during the fashion show portion of Rawaj.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Performers play the classical sounds of Pakistan at Rawaj on Saturday night.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Isabella D. DiDio ’16 attacks the net during MIT’s 12–9 win over Keene State College on Wednesday, March 4.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Katy Hanling ’16 leads dancers in MoRemix during Mocha’s Museum of Mocha show.
ALEXANDER C. BOST–THE TECH
Aaron M. Okello ’16 in a dance Mocha Moves performed at World of Dance Boston 2014.
ALEXANDER C. BOST–THE TECH
Brendan S. Chang ’16 sets the ball for his teammates during MIT’s 3-1 victory over Southern Vermont College on Tuesday.
ALEXANDER C. BOST—The Tech
A water pipe break caused minor flooding in Burton-Conner late Monday night. Cold weather has been responsible for similar incidents in buildings around campus, including the Student Center and Maseeh Hall.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A pigeon found its way to the third floor railing of Lobby 7 on Wednesday evening. It was unclear how long the pigeon, rumored to be considering a position as a Course 16 instructor, had been in the building. The pige...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Dennis R. Levene ’15 defends a Clark University player during MIT’s convincing 80-57 win on Saturday afternoon.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The 36 people the Next Sail team managed to fit on a highly modified tech dinghy was enough to attract the attention of the Massachusetts State Police during the MIT Sailing Challenge on Friday, May 16.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
“Black Lives Matter” posters appear around campus in reaction to the Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown on Aug 9.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Casie S. Chen ‘17 and others dance on top of one of the picnic tables outside EC.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A shirtless student runs away from a snow-throwing friend in the midst of the fun.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Vinnie DiRuzzio (Joshua B. Scherrer ’18) and Dominique Du Monaco (Allison E. Hamilos G) attempt to steal diamonds at gunpoint.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A laptop and speaker system were brought into the East Campus courtyard for music.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A student with a helmet-mounted GoPro camera targets his friend with a snowball in Killian Court.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Harry Witherspoon (Michael A. Greshko G) tries to present his dead uncle’s body (Matthew T. Iovino ’17) as alive and well to passersby.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A passerby inspects a Lobby 7 hack on Sunday afternoon which reads “TPB Lives!” in response to the return of torrent hosting website The Pirate Bay.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Nicholas W. Fine ’16 was one of several participants who found winter clothing burdensome and unnecessary.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Dominique Du Monaco (Allison E. Hamilos G) performs during “Speaking French.”
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The snowball fight moved from Killian Court to the East Campus courtyard, where the fun continued.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Harry Witherspoon (Michael A. Greshko G) sings about his life as a shoe salesman during a dress rehearsal of the MIT Musical Theater Guild’s production of Lucky Stiff. The musical comedy follows shoe salesman Harry Wi...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Two workers clear the steps of W20 during the start of the snow storm early Tuesday morning.
alexander c. bost—The Tech
MIT employees and local residents take advantage of the weather on Sunday afternoon by playing soccer in a patch of field dug out from under the snow.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Christopher T. Omahan ’15 (L) and Andrew A. Busse ’15 (R) reach to block a spike during MIT’s exhibition game vs. Fanshaw College this past Thursday. The Engineers lost 3-1.
Alexander c. Bost—The Tech
Sally Lin ’15 leads a performance of “Stop Girl” by South Korean pop group U-KISS.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Minerva H. Zhou ’16 jumps during the BTS Medley in Rebirth, held by the MIT Asian Dance Team on Thursday, Dec. 11 in Kresge Little Theatre.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Fireworks burst over Boston Harbor during New Year’s celebrations at midnight last Thursday.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Alina Y. Rwei G poses in the “Leap of the String” during a rehearsal for the show.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
From left to right, Francisco X. Pena ‘15, Langston E. Fitts ‘16, and Eduardo Valle perform “Where the Light Gets In” in DTention, DanceTroupe’s fall showcase.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Elise M. Bickford ‘18 and Olivia H. Makepeace ‘17 perform in “Royal T” during DTention, DanceTroupe’s fall showcase.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Kathryn E. Hanling ‘16 performs in a dance titled “Relief” during DTention, DanceTroupe’s fall showcase.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Cathy Zhou ‘15 dances in “The League of gangstaGeeks” during DTention, DanceTroupe’s fall showcase.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Madeline Sencion ‘16 dances in “BlackNYellow” during DTention, DanceTroupe’s fall showcase.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
MIT students take part in the #IndictAmerica protest on Tuesday, Nov. 25 in response to a grand jury decision to not indict Ferguson, MO police officer Darren Wilson over the death of Michael Brown. The protesters sta...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Brian A. Huang ’18 dives during a dual meet against Babson College and Bowdoin College on Saturday afternoon. The Engineers handily won the event with a score of 208-68 against Babson and 196-93 against Bowdoin.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
President Reif signs the MIT Bystander Pledge on Tuesday morning in support of the It’s On Us campaign, which aims to raise awareness of sexual assault and provide support to sexual assault survivors across the U.S.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Scout F. Brisson ’17 blows a kiss to the audience during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Arthur J. Delarue ’16, Abraham S. Gertler ’18, Emanuele Ceccarelli ’17, and Leopoldo Calderas ’17 pose while modeling outfits from the Ministry of Supply during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Laura E. Kelley ’16 models clothing from the Habit line during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Wei-En Lee ’16, Daniel R. Chen ’17, and Charles A. Bachmeier ’18 model sportswear from Janil during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Ayomide M. Fatunde ’18 showcases an outfit from the Trashion line during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Jaaron B. Botello ’15 performs with the Logarhythms during KATWalk on Friday, Nov. 14.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Two signs hang on the railings of the second and third floor balconies in Lobby 7 on Monday in reference to the Ferguson, Missouri shooting of Michael Brown on Aug. 9. A grand jury decision on whether or not to charge...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Elena A. Gianotas ’15 dribbles the ball upfield during MIT’s game against Roger Williams University during the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Women’s Soccer Tournament second round. MIT lost 1-0...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech.”
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Thomas M. Burns ‘17, Emile M. Augustine ‘17, Kelly B. McGee ‘17, and June Kim ‘17 guide a balloon into their device shaped like the head of a beaver.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The Harvard South Asian Dance Company performs during Tamasha, a cultural showcase presented by the MIT South Asian Association of Students, on Friday night in Lobdell. The show also included dance performances by MIT...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Kirsten M. Augdahl ‘16 and Anuj Khandelwal ‘17 prepare to pop a captured balloon.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Ory Tasman ‘16 takes a shot on goal during MIT’s 11-9 victory over Connecticut College on Saturday night. The game was the second of three this weekend as part of the Collegiate Water Polo Association (CWPA) Northern ...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Andrew R. Berta ‘16 tries to pop a balloon held in place by Morgan K. Moroi ‘16.
Alexander c. Bost—The Tech
The ceiling of the second room of the haunted house, where teams had to unlock a zombie-filled cabinet in order to get to the next room.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The control room where Next Haunt operators monitored the status of teams as they went through the house via infrared camera.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Students pet Beethoven the therapy dog at the MIT Wellness Fair on Friday in the Z-Center main lobby. The Wellness Fair provided students with a chance to relax and get information about de-stressing and support group...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Jennifer R. Ibanez ’16 works her way between a player and the ball during a cold and rainy 3-0 victory over the United States Coast Guard Academy this past Saturday. The No. 1 seeded Engineers play in the New England ...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Olivia M. Struckman ’18 boxes out an Emerson College defender during MIT’s 3-0 win on Tuesday afternoon.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Kristina L. Presing ’15 doubles over in laughter as members of Roadkill Buffet ask her about her day during Do Not Enter: Alarm Will Sound in 6-120 on Friday night.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) Regimental Staff forms up for inspection during the joint-service Pass in Review on Saturday afternoon. The Pass in Review originated as an opportunity for a newly-assigned co...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The football hangs in midair after Western New England University’s game-tying extra point was blocked by Anthony M. Emberley ‘17 with 42 seconds left in the game on Saturday night. Both teams entered the contest unde...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Fernando A. Yordan ’17 spars against a competitor during the 2014 MIT Taekwondo Tournament on Sunday, Oct.19. The tournament, featuring 424 competitors from 24 schools, saw MIT earn second place in ECTC Division I.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech wer...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Nicole C. Gagnier ’15 dives to save a point during a 3-2 victory over SUNY Oneonta on Friday evening. The game was the first of three in the MIT Quad Tournament, which the Engineers won for the third year in a row.
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Isabella L. Pecorari ’18 battles a Smith College player for control of the ball during MIT’s 2-0 victory on Saturday afternoon. The Pioneers almost scored early in the game when a shot careened off the crossbar, but o...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Morgan K. Moroi ’16 shoots what would be the second goal of a 3-0 shutout of Wellesley College on Tuesday afternoon. All three goals were scored in the second half by three different players to help bring MIT’s winnin...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The MIT Festival Jazz Ensemble performs in the Coffeehouse Lounge on Thursday night.
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Allison A. Davanzo ‘18 leaps to spike the ball during MIT’s 3-0 sweep of Wheaton College on Thursday night.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Gregory F. Hui ’18 moves the ball past a defender during MIT’s 1-0 loss against Brandeis University on Tuesday night. The Engineers kept the game close, but a goal early in the second half was enough of an edge for an...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Faith C. OBrian ’15 works the ball past a defender during a game against Mount Holyoke College on Saturday afternoon. The Engineers were dominant throughout the game and came away with a 4-0 win to improve to 6-3-2 fo...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech comed...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Tori L. Wuthrich ’17 serves the ball during MIT’s 3-1 win over Clark University on Tuesday night. The Engineers improved to 15-2 on the season with the victory.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
John L. Kramer ’15 slides to beat a Babson player to the ball during their game on Saturday. MIT was narrowly defeated 3–2 in overtime.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Rob DiSanto ‘18 and Ryan J. Karnish ‘17 break up a pass near the end zone during their 48–26 win over Salve Regina on Saturday. MIT improved to 3–0 on the season with the win.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech pr...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Joanna K. Chen ‘15 receives some bike repair tips from Armando Quiros of Bike Boom in Davis Square during Bike Fest this past Sunday. The event, sponsored by MIT PN2K and GSC Sustainability, was an opportunity for mem...
alexander c. bost—The Tech
Adisa Kruayatidee ‘16 breakdances with Imobilare, one of MIT’s many dance groups, during the Activities Midway this past Friday in the Johnson Ice Rink. The Activities Midway is the main opportunity for student groups...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
_95<<
Padma Lakshmi, host of the television show Top Chef, has a discussion with Professor Linda Griffith and Professor Anantha P. Chandrakasan during a visit to the CGR on Wednesday, June 18. Lakshmi, who suffers from Endo...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
A new tree was recently planted outside of W20, filling the arboreal void left when the previous tree was cut down last January.
Alexander C. bost—The Tech
A state police boat escorted members of Next House back to the Sailing Pavilion during the MIT Sailing Challenge on Friday, May 16. The goal of the challenge was to transport as many people across the Charles in a Tec...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Members of MIT DanceTroupe perform “The Cave” during a rehearsal of Snapchats & Tattoos, their Spring 2014 dance showcase. Performances will continue through tonight and tomorrow evening.
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
The MIT Marauders square off against the Harvard Horntails in a friendly game of Quidditch this past Sunday outside of the Student Center. Based on the game from the Harry Potter series, the muggle version (usually) f...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Christopher A. Puchi ’14 leads the cast in Next Act’s production of Catch Me If You Can this past Wednesday in Next House’s Tastefully Furnished Lounge. The play is based on the life of con man Frank Abignale, Jr. who...
Alexander C. Bost—The Tech
Attacker Kristyn M. Berretta ’16 advances the ball against a Wellesley defender in the Engineers’ come-from-behind 15-14 victory in overtime on Tuesday night.
Alexander C. Bost—The TechAnother appropriate name. One I've adopted permanently for other definitions.. It cracks me up
Just what does blue balls taste like? Feels like is a different story!
Watermelon, cantoloupe, melon, mango & a touch of Koolada in 100 % organic coconut VG 3 mg DIY Fog bomb. So damn tasty I can't believe it.
Not normal , just not ok
Nice box, pussy....cat.
The Bentley of litter boxes! and weenie boy refuses to use it ! I mean how dare he compromise such royalties!
Wha Wha call the whaambulence for weenie boy who refuses to use his new robotic kitty commode , not having it , nope not coming . makes my blood boil!
Pleco from hell
Trance Bear
Lights please
This product uses the Instagram API.
© 2016 JadaGramUpdate – May 2013
Update – Ayrshire Indoor Festival
The latest Running Bike Festival was held on May 12th, 2013, at Ayrshire Athletics Arena, Kilmarnock, with the support of students from the Sports Degree course at SRUC, Ayr. It was a great success, with 33 participants of different ages taking part. For almost one third of those it was their first chance to try out a Running Bike. In the morning, in addition to the Running Bike session, the students organised fun challenges as well as face painting and nails by Bella Mani. All these activities were greatly enjoyed by both RaceRunners and family members.
Unfortunately the weather prevented us from moving outdoors in the afternoon for our races, but that didn’t diminish the competitive spirit on display on the indoor track. A huge thank you goes to the students for all their hard work before the event and to them & all the volunteers for their enthusiasm on the day. Our thanks go as well to David & Andy from Quest88 for again supporting us and to the staff of Ayrshire Athletics Arena for their assistance both prior to the event and on the day.
Update – Come & Try – Edinburgh
On May 4th, 2013, the club supported a ‘Come & Try’ event at Meadowmill Sports Centre, Tranent, Edinburgh, which is the home of the Lothian Leopards Disability Athletics Club. It was hoped that this would be the first step towards the introduction of regular running bike activity there. Speaking to those who attended, most of whom have previously come to an Indoor Festival, they are very keen for this to happen. This could be the start of another RaceRunning opportunity in Scotland.
ForthValley Flyers AC Championships – Sat 27th July
Another event for your diary at Grangemouth Stadium, Kersiebank Avenue, Grangemouth.
Further information will follow nearer the date.
*** Please Note: to be able to enter this event you must be able to transport the Running Bike to Grangemouth yourself. Due to holiday commitments the club trailer will not be travelling to this event. ***
Wishaw Games – Sat 17th August
The last open event of the season.
Further information will follow nearer the date.The Hot Steaming Pod
About This Show
Show Info:.Visualizing Your Data with Python and Loggly
Automating DevOps processes plays a crucial role in speeding up tasks, reducing manual errors, and increasing productivity within a business. The DevOps team is responsible for gathering various system and application performance metrics from the production environment. System-level performance metrics are typically collected by the monitoring tools, whereas application performance metrics can be easily derived from application logs.
Loggly is a hugely popular tool amongst those of us in DevOps. A log management solution, Loggly helps the team view metrics and dig into details by searching the logs from multiple systems from a single location.
A lesser known tool that you’ll want in your DevOps tool belt is Built.io® Flow™. Built.io Flow is an integration Platform-as-a-Service (iPaaS) that enables automation by connecting tools, systems, devices, and services via drag and drop and requires no/low coding skills.
When combined with Loggly, Built.io Flow provides my team with the ability to integrate this search with Loggly, process the search results, and automate them as needed.
This article will demonstrate how to automate the collection of various application statistics through Loggly using Built.io Flow. The stats I collect include the total number of events that have occurred in an application over a specific duration; let’s use the last 24 hours as an example.
By automating this report, I save considerable time and can quickly provide my company with a snapshot of what’s going on with our users. In short, this automation helps everyone stay on the same page.
Here is the initial logic for this workflow. Note that it can be modified as needed.
In this workflow, you will implement a semi-complex system that includes some iteration. Suppose you have a SaaS application in which users can create and update their own applications or import applications from other users.
The following are processes that will be implemented:
Here are the steps to build the workflow:
Step 1: Start with a blank canvas in Built.io Flow Enterprise. Add the Node.js Code action from the Utility > Developer Tools section in the panel on the right, and connect it to the Play button.
Step 2: This action contains the desired search patterns that will help retrieve the application stats we will use. The code below is what is inside the action:
var base_query=’tag:my-log-tag-* AND “my_log_message“:’
var search_patterns= [{query:base_query+”user imported application successfully“, name:’total_imports‘}, { query: base_query+”user updated application successfully“, name:’total_updates‘ }]
var top_app_fields= [{group_by_field:”json.app_id“, name:’top_10_apps‘},{group_by_field:”json.user_id“, name:’top_10_users‘}]
var output= { ‘search_patterns’: search_patterns, ‘top_app_fields’: top_app_fields }
$export(null, { done : output });
The fields in bold are specific to your application.
The base_query variable contains the name of the log file (tag) and the name of the field (my_log_message) that will be queried. If there are multiple log files to be queried, then you can specify them in the search_patterns variable.
The search_patterns variable offers different search patterns and it may contain the same or different log files (tag) as appropriate.
The top_app_fields variable contains the fields that are in each log message. This variable will group and sort the messages based on the frequency with which the field appears. As a result, you will be able to select the top 10 apps if the group_by field specified is the app_id. The search pattern required can be the same as the patterns mentioned above.
You will format the data in the output variable and pass it to the next action using the custom $export() function.
Step 3: Add a Loop from the Loop section and connect it to the Node.js Code block. Use the following settings for the Loop:
{{$a0.output.done.search_patterns}}
where, a0 is the activity ID of the Node.js Code action.
Note: Use the keyboard shortcut (Shift + i) to see activity IDs of all the actions on canvas.
Step 4: Now, add the Get Search Results Count by Field action from Loggly and place it inside the Loop. Connect the Loggly action to the start point of the Loop on the left.
Step 5: Edit the settings for the Loggly action as follows:
Step 6: Add Flow Store from the Developer tools section and place it inside the Loop along side the Loggly action. Connect it to the Loggly action on the left and connect it to the end of the Loop on the right. This action is used to store the data that is retrieved from Loggly. The data is stored in key-value pairs and is accessible outside of the Loop.
Step 7: Use the following settings for the Flow Store action:
Step 8: Add one more Flow Store action outside of the Loop. In the previous Flow Store, all required values are set. Now you need to retrieve those key-value pairs. Connect this Flow Store action with the Loop.
Step 9: Use the settings below for Flow Store action:
Step 10: Add Send an Email action from the Notification section, and connect it to the Flow Store. Also, connect this action to the stop as this is the final step in this workflow.
Step 11: Use the settings below for the Send an Email action:
Step 12: Save the workflow.
Step 13: Now that you’ve built the workflow, you can manually run it to ensure there are no errors. For this, you need to add a trigger:
Your completed workflow should look as follows:
The logic involved in this example can be developed and extended as appropriate. Through this approach, you can track various user activities and application events.
The following workflow is based on similar logic, with additional parameters and conditions added to match it with the application usage requirements in the production environment:
Loggly provides a great interface to analyze diverse application logs from various systems. Built.io Flow helps process the search results obtained from Loggly. Combining Built.io Flow and Loggly is a perfect alternative to analytics tools.
This implementation has helped us automate getting a daily overview of production applications so that everyone is aware of how many workflows were run on our platform and how many were successful, failed, or stopped by a user.
Getting these reports from production helps the executive team draw meaningful insights from what’s going on with our customers so they can determine which business strategies to pursue. Put simply, automating this process provides direct value to the company.
If you try combining Loggly and Built.io Flow, let me know in the comments or ping me at @builtio. You can also follow me at @purandaregm555.
Gaurav Purandare Gaurav Purandare is Principal Architect at Built.io, a technology provider with solutions that enable organizations to quickly create, integrate, and scale apps across web, mobile, and IoT. His passion for architecting cloud applications pairs with his years of experience managing and operating multi-tier, highly available applications. Gaurav is a certified AWS Solution Architect – Associate level and also holds certified MPN Competency for Microsoft Azure.
Share Your ThoughtsCodePlexProject Hosting for Open Source Software
Hello,
I'm rather new to WPF programming and NHydrate, and I've spent hours to try to make a correct binding between a property of a Nhydrate business object and a simple textbox.
I've tried the binding in XAML, in code-behind , setting DataContext in various UI elements (including textbox itself), using a Static resource : I can't get my object property bind correctly to textbox text.
I've tried to replace Nhydrate object by a dummy class with same property name and with this it's working, so my problem is linked to business object property.
Can anyone enlighten me about what I miss?
I really missed something....
In fact the name of the column in the database( mixed case) was modified by nhydrate (or by me accidentally ?) to first letter uppercase and other letters lower.
And I did not realize that XAML parsing was case sensitive....
If anyone has some WPF data binding problems my advice is to look at
to activate display of debug information of your XAML code execution.
The database name of column is turned into Pascal case in the C# code. You should not need to interact with your actual database field at all. If you bind to a business object, its name should be all you need really. If the database name is "customer_id",
then your C# object will have a property "CustomerId". That object should bind just fine with the Pascal name.
Are you sure you want to delete this post? You will not be able to recover it later.
Are you sure you want to delete this thread? You will not be able to recover it later.As new scientific discoveries are made every day, it's difficult to quickly pass that information on in a classroom setting. That's why when teacher Amanda Ooten was presented information about a seminar focusing on recent findings in biology, she and four AP biology students were eager for the opportunity.
Ooten along with Abby Arestides '17, Jillian Hammerly '16, Kelly Pleiman '16, and Megan Stefan '17 attended the "Top Biotechnology Discoveries and Applications of 2015" seminar at Kettering College earlier this school year.
"I was intrigued that it was so up-to-date," said Ooten. "In AP Biology, we are confined to the curriculum and have little time to discuss current scientific advancements. These are often much more relevant, significant, and interesting than the basics of the textbook. While the basics are important and necessary to understanding more complex ideas, it is very worthwhile to expose these students to what science is doing today."
"The seminar focused a lot on what we're learning in class about medical interventions," reinforced Arestides. "We have a small class at CJ so it was fun interacting with the other AP biology students as well."
Stefan added, "The seminar applied to what we are learning so it expanded my knowledge in biology."
"It was cool to learn about recent discoveries, taking what we learned in class and applying it in real life," noted Hammerly.
Dr. Neil Lamb, the Vice President of Educational Outreach at HudsonAlpha Institute for Biotechnology in Hunstville, Alabama, was the speaker at the seminar.
"The seminar was perfect; it had interesting topics presented in a manner that were easy to understand," Ooten shared. "There was ample time for questions and answers as well."
Stefan added, "Dr. Lamb made the subjects very approachable and he related the material to us."
"When other students would ask a question I could relate because I was usually thinking the same thing," Arestides said.
The seminar was geared towards AP biology students who are interested in the physician assistant (PA) career field after graduation.
"A PA is between a nurse practitioner and a doctor," explained Hammerly. "They can work in a variety of different positions and can do a lot of tasks that doctors can do, they just don't have a MD."
Hammerly and Stefan both expressed interest in studying to become a PA after graduation.
Another seminar opportunity may be organized for the spring, Ooten added.WHEN: 9.30am-4.30pm, Saturday 5th & Sunday 6th November 2016
WHERE: Rosby, 122 Strikes Lane, Eurunderee MUDGEE
COST: $200 per student. Includes complimentary morning tea & lunch
David Newman-White returns to the easel to explore the landscape using oils or acrylics. Examine composition, colour and application of oil or acrylic paints all within the sultry surrounds of Rosby vineyard!
En Pleinair Painting Definition
Pertaining to a manner or style of painting developed chiefly in France in the Mid-19th century, characterized by the representation of theluminous effects of natural light and atmosphere as contrasted with theartificial light and absence of the sense of air or atmosphere associatedwith paintings produced in the studio.
Designating a painting executed out of doors and representing a directresponse to the sceneor subject in front of the artist and having the qualities of air and natural light.
In this workshop we will be working directly from the landscape of Rosby Vineyard and surrounds. You can choose paint in either oil or acrylic paint.
In case you need to supplement your palette the following colours will are suggested:
Earth Tones: Burnt Umber, Burnt Sienna, Raw Umber, Raw Sienna, Yellow Ochre
Reds: Cadmium Red, Ali zarin Crimson, Magenta, Pilbra Red, Indian Red
Blues: Ultramarine Blue, Phthalo Blue, Ceurulean Blue
Yellows: Cadmium Yellow, Lemon Yellow
Greens: Olive Green, Viridian Green, Terra Vert,
Purples: Purple Lake (Winsor & Newton), Mars Violet (Art Spectrum), Dioxazine Purple
White: Large Titanium White
Suggested Brands: Winsor & Newton, Winton, Art Spectrum
Canvases, 2 small 30cm x 40cm, 2 medium canvases 45cm x 60cm and one larger canvas 60cm x 90cm.
A set of palette knives
Brushes: Flat Bristle – Size 1-16
Palette: Timber or plastic
Mediums for oil: Lean Medium, Odorless Turps
Extras: Rags, tins for decanting mediums ‘no glass’.
Camping chair, small fold up table.
Tent pegs and rope to secure youreasel in case of the occasional strong breeze, advisable.
Your own box style easel if preferred otherwise you can use Rosby’s
Sunscreen, hat, long sleeves
There will be a selection of materials available for purchase at the workshop.
Additional; Easels & stools are provided, but if you have a special seat the bring that. If you have your own portable (collapsible) side table that may help also.******************************************************** ven A. Roy ) Personal Representative, ) File Numbers: EB-06-PL-008 Estate of Lyle Evans ) NAL/Acct. No. 200732420001 Antenna Structure Registrant ) FRN 0015223530 Antenna Structure # 1059331 ) Stephenson, Michigan ) ORDER Adopted: February 25, 2008 Released: February 27, 2008 By the Associate Chief, Enforcement Bureau: 1. In this Order, we adopt the attached Consent Decree entered into between the Enforcement Bureau ("Bureau") of the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC" or "Commission") and the Estate of Lyle R. Evans by Steven A. Roy, its appointed Personal Representative ("the Estate"). The Consent Decree terminates the Bureau's enforcement proceeding relating to the Estate's compliance with Section 17.51(a) of the Commission's Rules ("Rules"). 2. The Bureau and the Estate have negotiated the terms of a Consent Decree that would resolve these matters and terminate the enforcement proceeding. A copy of the Consent Decree is attached hereto and incorporated by reference. 3. After reviewing the terms of the Consent Decree, we find that the public interest would be served by adopting the Consent Decree and terminating the enforcement proceeding. 4. Accordingly, IT IS ORDERED, pursuant to Sections 4(i) and 503(b) of the Act, and the authority delegated by Sections 0.111 and 0.311 of Rules, the Consent Decree attached to this Order IS ADOPTED. 5. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the above-captioned enforcement proceeding IS TERMINATED. 6. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the Estate a copy of this Order and Consent Decree shall be sent by first class mail and certified mail, return receipt requested, to Denise Moline, Esq., counsel for Steven A. Roy, at 358 Pines Blvd., Lake Villa, IL 60046. FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION George R. Dillon Associate Chief, Enforcement Bureau CONSENT DECREE The Enforcement Bureau ("Bureau") and the Estate of Lyle R. Evans by Steven A. Roy, its appointed Personal Representative ("the Estate"), by their authorized representatives, hereby enter into this Consent Decree for the purpose of terminating the Enforcement Bureau's investigation into whether the Estate violated Section 303(q) of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, ("the Act"), 47 U.S.C. S: 303(q), and Section 17.51(a) of the Commission's Rules ("Rules"), 47 C.F.R. S: 17.51(a), by failing to exhibit all red obstruction lighting from sunset to sunrise on antenna structure # 1059331 in Stephenson, Michigan. program described in this Consent Decree at paragraph 7. e. "Effective Date" means the date on which the Commission releases the Adopting Order. f. "FAA" means Federal Aviation Administration. g. "Investigation" means the investigation initiated by the Bureau regarding whether Roy violated Section 303(q) of the Act and Section 17.51(a) of the Commission's rules. h. "Estate" means the Estate of Lyle R. Evans by Steven A. Roy, its appointed Personal Representative and his predecessors-in-interest and successors-in-interest. i. "NAL" means Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture. j. "Order" or "Adopting Order" means an Order of the Commission adopting the terms of this Consent Decree without change, addition, deletion, or modification. k. "Parties" means the Estate and the Bureau. l. "Rules" means the Commission's regulations found in Title 47 of the Federal Regulations. II. BACKGROUND 1. Pursuant to Section 303(q) of the Act, requires that all red obstruction lighting be exhibited from sunset to sunrise unless otherwise specified. 2. On January 25, 2007, the Bureau issued a Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture ("NAL") proposing that the Estate be held liable for a forfeiture of ten thousand dollars ($10,000) under section 503(b)(1)(B) of the Act, and ordered the Company either to pay the proposed forfeiture or file a written response within thirty (30) days of the NAL release date stating why the proposed forfeiture should be reduced or canceled. III. TERMS OF AGREEMENT 3. Adopting Order. The Parties agree that the provisions of this Consent Decree shall be subject to final approval by the Bureau by incorporation of such provisions by reference in the Adopting Order without change, addition, modification, or deletion. 4. Jurisdiction. The Estate agrees that the Bureau has jurisdiction over it and the matters contained in this Consent Decree and has the authority to enter into and adopt this Consent Decree. 5. Effective Date: Violations. The Parties agree that this Consent Decree shall become effective on the date on which the FCC releases the Adopting Order. Upon release, the Adopting Order and this Consent Decree shall have the same force and effect as any other order of the Commission or Bureau. Any violation of the Adopting Order or of the terms of this Consent Decree shall constitute a separate violation of a Bureau order, entitling the Bureau or Commission to exercise any rights and remedies attendant to the enforcement of a Commission order. 6. Termination of Investigation. In express reliance on the covenants and representations in this Consent Decree and to avoid further expenditure of public resources, the Bureau agrees to terminate its investigation and to cancel its NAL. In consideration for the termination of said investigation and cancellation of the NAL, the Estate Estate Estate with respect to the Estate's basic qualifications, including his character qualifications, to hold Commission authorizations. 7. Compliance Plan. For purposes of settling the matters set forth herein, the Estate agrees to maintain a Compliance Plan related to future compliance with the Act, the Commission's rules, and the Commission's orders. The Plan will include, at a minimum, the following components: A. At the time of execution of this Consent Decree, the Estate has effected the repair of all tower obstruction lighting on Antenna Structure # 1059331 in Stephenson, Michigan. The tower lights are presently operating in compliance with the FAA requirements set forth in the tower's FCC Antenna Structure Registration. B. Monitoring of Tower Lighting: As part of his regular duties, and in compliance with Section 17.47(a) of the Commission's rules, and at the Estate's direction, the Programming Director at Station WMXG is checking the status of the tower lights twice daily, once during daylight hours, and once after sunset. This task will be retained as a management duty, and is not delegated to the Station's regular staff. The Programming Director accesses the tower lighting through an automated monitoring system which provides meter and monitoring readouts on the tower lighting, as well as on the output power, ERP, and various other systems of the WMXG transmission system. The automated system provides information whether the tower lights are in day or night mode, and whether the lights are operating normally or malfunctioning. The information retrieved from the automated system is logged, and the logs are maintained as part of the Station's technical records. In the event of any malfunction of the tower lights, the Programming Director has instructions to immediately notify the FAA, and thereafter to immediately arrange for repair of the tower lights. Upon completion of repairs, the FAA is notified that the tower lights are again operating normally. C. Maintenance and Repair of Tower Lighting. The tower lighting and associated automated monitoring equipment will be maintained and checked routinely at least every three months in compliance with Section 17.47(b) by the Licensee's Technical consultants and its Chief Operator as part of routine tower maintenance. The Station's chief engineer (the Chief Operator) checks the equipment at the transmitter site every two weeks, and will inspect the automated monitoring system each time, to be sure that the automated tower lighting reporting system is operating normally. Those inspections will be logged, and any repairs or maintenance performed will also be detailed. D. Reporting to FCC. The Estate will provide a report to the FCC regarding the tower lighting daily monitoring, and all maintenance and repair visits, including logs and documentation, 90 days from the date of the Consent Decree, and one year from the date of the Consent Decree. E. The Estate hereby certifies that the foregoing plan to maintain the Structure's tower lighting in compliance with the FAA requirements set forth in the tower's FCC antenna structure registration will continue indefinitely in the future. Compliance Reports. The Estate will file compliance reports with the Commission ninety days after the Effective Date and twelve months after the Effective Date. Each compliance report shall include a compliance certificate from the Estate, stating that the Estate has established operating procedures intended to ensure compliance with this Consent Decree, together with an accompanying statement explaining the basis for the officer's compliance certification. All compliance reports shall be submitted to Sharon Webber, Regional Counsel, Northeast Region, Federal Communications Commission, One Oxford Valley Office Building, Room 404, 2300 East Lincoln Highway, Langhorne, PA 19047. 8. Voluntary Contribution. The Estate agrees that it will make a voluntary contribution to the United States Treasury in the amount of five thousand dollars ($5000) within ten (10)). 9. Waivers. the Estate Estate shall retain the right to challenge Commission interpretation of the Consent Decree or any terms contained herein. If either Party (or the United States on behalf of the Commission) brings a judicial action to enforce the terms of the Adopting Order, neither the Estate nor the Commission shall contest the validity of the Consent Decree or the Adopting Order, and the Estate shall waive any statutory right to a trial de novo. The Estate hereby agrees to waive any claims it may otherwise have under the Equal Access to Justice Act, 5 U.S.C. S: 504 and 47 C.F.R. S: 1.1501 et seq., relating to the matters addressed in this Consent Decree. 10. Invalidation. In the event that this Consent Decree is rendered invalid by any court of competent jurisdiction, it shall become null and void and may not be used in any manner in any legal proceeding. `. 12. Subsequent Rule or Order. The Parties agree that if any provision of the Consent Decree conflicts with any subsequent rule or order adopted by the Commission (except an Order specifically intended to revise the terms of this Consent Decree to which the Estate does not expressly consent) that provision will be superseded by such Commission rule or order. 13. Successors and Assigns. The Estate ________________________________ Steven A. Roy Personal Representative for the Estate of Lyle R. Evans ________________________________ Date 47 C.F.R. S: 17.51(a). 47 U.S.C. S:S: 154(i) and 503(b). 47 C.F.R. S:S: 0.111, 0.311. 47 U.S.C. S: 303(q); 47 C.F.R 17.51(a). 47 U.S.C. S: 303(q). 47 C.F.R. S: 17.51(a). Notice of Apparent Liability for Forfeiture, NAL/Acct. No. 200732420001 (Enf. Bur., St. Paul Office, released January 25, 2007). Federal Communications Commission DA 08-455 4 2 Federal Communications Commission DA 08-455Dear Readers, I’ve known Laurie Alice Eakes for decades. We were in a Heartsong Presents novel series together. Lisa Harris was the third author. They were set in Iowa after the Civil War. Later the three books were released as a collection Wild Prairie Roses. I have loved Laurie Alice’s novels since then.
Bio: .
Welcome back, Laurie Alice. How did this book come about?
A couple of years ago, some ladies wanted to write a group series with Tuxedo Park, New York as the setting. The Tuxedo Club was an exclusive gated community built for the rich people of New York. It’s a pretty spectacular place, or was at the time. The father of Emily Post, the author of Etiquette, was the main architect on the project.
Tell us about the book’s cover and what makes it unique.
Waterfall creates some truly beautiful covers. This depicts my heroine as a woman between mourning for her husband and breaking back into society. She is headed for a ball in the lovely Tuxedo Park clubhouse.
Please explain and differentiate between what’s fact and fiction in the book.
What’s fact? The setting. The gated community, the clubhouse, the annual autumn ball, the December charity tea are all real places and events. The tennis club and skating on the lake, including the use of skating chairs, are also real. That Emily Post drove down to the train station every day to pick up her husband, who was usually not on the train, is from her biography. The person mentioned who doesn’t have a telephone was a real resident without a telephone. That people were beginning to call for invitations is real, and the way Thanksgiving was celebrated happened. Thanksgiving at this time was state by state and not yet a national holiday.
Fiction: The events of the story other than those mentioned above, are not true to my knowledge.
How much research did you have to do for this book?
I researched a great deal for this book, from reading all of Emily Post’s original version of Etiquette, to books on the houses of the Tuxedo Club, to a biography of Emily Post, who grew up and then resided in the Tuxedo Club well into her adulthood, to a book called To Marry an English Lord. Then I had to read up on the dress of the day, the Boer War, which effected the hero, and other details like that. I loved reading about ice skating at the turn of the century, including the skating chairs. Very weird contraptions.
What are some of the most interesting things you found about this subject that you weren’t able to use in the story?
Most of what I read couldn’t possibly make place in the story, of course, and I touched on as many things as I could to give an authentic flavor of the time and place and people.
What inspired and surprised you while you were writing the book?
I was surprised how interesting Etiquette was to read. One would think a book on manners would be boring, and it wasn’t in the least. Mrs. Post had a great sense of humor and sense of irony and a wonderful way with words. She wrote novels, which I didn’t know. One day I will read them.
What do you hope the reader takes away from the story?
The understanding that one can put the past behind and begin a new life. It may take work and changed behavior, and mistakes can be gotten over.
What is the next project you’re working on?
I have another book coming out in November, My Enemy, My Heart, a long historical with an American heroine trapped in England during the War of 1812, and I am working on the publisher’s edits on the second book in the series coming out next spring.
What do you do when you have to get away from the story for a while?
Read books in a wholly separate genre, go for walks, sometimes I even clean house.
Please give us the first page of the book.
November 1, 1900
.” Emily Price Post
She felt his gaze upon her from the instant she stepped into the clubhouse ballroom. That ballroom, all white pillars and blue velvet benches around the circular walls, fell silent the moment Catherine VanDorn, now Lady Bisterne, strolled through the white painted doors from the great hall, and a hundred pairs of eyes swiveled in her direction. Yet the intensity of one man’s bold stare drew her own past the gowns and jewels of the New York elite to meet the audacious dark eyes of a gentleman at the far side of the room.
Her heart skipped a beat. Her gold-shod feet stumbled. Skin-deep cold from the rainy November evening crept through to her bones, and for the first time that evening, she accepted that Mama was correct to tell her not to wear the mauve satin ball gown a mere thirteen months after her husband’s death. It was too bright, too frivolous, proclaiming, however falsely, that the debutante who had departed from Tuxedo Park in triumph on the arm of an English lord, a scandal in her wake, intended to seek a new husband.
How can readers find you on the Internet? Where you can find excerpts of my books. Where I keep people up-to-date on my life. Where I have contests fairly regularly, call-outs for my street teams on books, give away books randomly, and just feed some news.
Thank you, Laurie Alice, for sharing this book with us. I'm eager for my copy to arrive so I can read the story.
Readers, Laurie Alice is in the middle of a move from Texas to a northern state, so she may not be able to comment very often on the blog, if at all. However, she will come and read the comments at some time in the future when she can. She will love to hear from you.
Comments conversation starter questions: Have you read any of Laurie Alice's previous books? Which one was your favorite?
Comments conversation starter questions: Have you read any of Laurie Alice's previous books? Which one was your favorite?
Readers, here are links to the book. By using one when you order, you help support this blog.The Honorable Heir
The Honorable Heir
The Honorable Heir - books sounds amazing!
Colletta from PA
I have not read Laurie's books but I can see I need to change that. Thank you for the opportunity.
Melanie Backus, TX
I haven't read any of Laurie's books before now but I am looking forward to reading this book. It sounds fascinating!
Connie from KY
cps1950(at)gmail(dot)com
I have read the Midwives series and really enjoyed them. This was such an informative and interesting interview, particularly with the information on Emily Post! Thanks for the opportunity to participate. Cathy - TX
This sounds wonderful. I will have to Google "skating chairs".
Mary P
QLD AUSTRALIA
I so thoroughly enjoy a Laurie Alice Eakes story and her superb writing. She really takes the reader to the place and helps them delve into the lives and thoughts of her characters. I'd love to read The Honorable Heir and about this setting.
North Carolina - and waiting to see what storm Matthew has in store for our lovely state.
Vera G
I'm from Oklahoma. Yes I have read her books and really enjoyed the midwives series but everything I've read by her is good.
I haven't read any of Laurie's books. Love the cover. Sounds like a good read.
Beth in Montana
I've read several of Laurie's books, the Daughters of Bainbridge and Midwives series. The Honorable Heir sounds so good!!
Stephanie
Binghamton, NY
Mybabyblessings AT gmail DOT com
Looks fabulous! Please enter me.
Clarksville VA
Sounds good. Love the cover. north platte nebraska
I don't think I've read any of Laurie's books, but they sound fascinating. I'll have to read some soon. I'd love to win a copy of The Honorable Heir.
Winnie T. in Utah
So glad we are not bound by so many etiquette 'rules' these days!
Patty in SC
Laurie Alice tried to leave a comment, but was unable to. She sent it to me to post:
Thank you all for stopping by for the interview. Life is a little
crazy for me, as I move from Texas, to Illinois just in time for
winter. I hope things settle soon so I can get back to writing.
Those of you on the East Coast have a care of Matthew. I've been
through a couple of hurricanes, and they are nothing to mess with.
I, too, am glad life is a little more informal than it was; however,
sometimes I wish people paid more attention to social structure and
civility. Etiquette by Mrs. Post was fascinating reading. She had a
dry and entertaining sense of humor. She also had a difficult life,
with an unfaithful husband and marriage that ended in divorce and
financial ruin. She had to write to support herself and her children,
as her husband lost all their money. I think she was a great lady and
was happy to do her what honor I could in this story by using her
quotes.
I am going to choose A Moonlight Promise in the novella collection Sincerely Yours.
Kathleen ~ Lane Hill House
Missouri
Enter me in your awesome giveaway!!
Conway SC.
This is a new author for me. I love the cover, and the first page synopsis!
Dianna
PS. I am in TN!
Dianna
This sounds like a lovely book! :) I'd love to win, read, and review a copy!
Sincerely, Amada (pronounced. a.m.a.th.a), NM
I love it that we can put the past behind us and start a new life. God will always help us do this. I'd really enjoy this book.
Beth from IAIt is been a while since we heard about the Samsung Galaxy C series of smartphones. The South Korean giant launched the Galaxy C5 and the Galaxy C7 nearly two months ago exclusively for the Chinese market.
Also Read: All You Need to Know About Smartphone Sensors
And, today, Sammobile reports that the company is working on a new Galaxy C smartphone which might be dubbed as Galaxy C9 and codenamed as 'Amy'. The new smartphone comes bearing a model number as SM-C9000.
The Galaxy C series of smartphones are exclusively for the Chinese market and the company did not launch the earlier Galaxy C5 and Galaxy C7 other than China. And, the Galaxy C9 might also follow the same suite.
To recall, the Galaxy C5 arrived with a 5.2-inch FHD AMOLED display and is powered by a Snapdragon 617 chipset along with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of internal storage. We are believing that the Galaxy C9 will also feature the same set of features or might be some better specifications.
Also Read: How to Get Reliance JIO SIM Card for Free
As of now, there are no words regarding the specifications of the handset, however, we might see some of them arrive in coming days. We will update you once we receive any further information regarding the smartphone.Hermaphrodite vs. Transsexual
Herculine Barbin-
* 19th century
* Genitals were ambiguous: a one-and-a half inch long penis, partly descended testicles, and a urethral opening. Has vulva, labia majora, and a feminine uretha. Never menstruated, no womb. Whole outer part of her body is that of a man. * Never felt socially accepted because he did not think a women would ever marry him. * No social status for a man-women at this time
* Committed suicide at 30
* What could have happened 100 years later?
* Gender reassignment surgery? With no gender reassignment surgery what sex might she be labeled as on her birth certificate? Emma
* 1937
* Penis-like clitoris as well as a vagina.
* Raised as girl
* Had numerous relationships with women, married a man.
* Refused to have vaginal closure and live as a man because it would mean having to work and divorce. * Why was she so content with her lifestyle?
* Possibly because her gender identity was clearly that of a women Gender ambiguity and its acceptance in other cultures
* Dominican Republic- female at birth have gender masculinized * Adopt men’s identities and social roles despite being raised as girls * Culturally, the community recognized a third sex catagory * Name for this third gender: Guevedoces (Penis at 12), Machihembra (first women, then man), Guevotes (penis and eggs) Switching Genders
* Surgically altering their genitalia to fit their gender identity * Chromosomes remain the same
* Some indicate sense from an early age of being in the wrong body * “Strategies and rituals” to create a feminized self * Gender identity vs. Gender status in western culture vs. other cultures * Western culture= preoccupation with genitalia
* Cross Dressing- Since cross dressers can put on and take off gender by changing clothes, do they disrupt the conventional conflation of sex more than...The best cheap auto insurance in NY plans, the policies, so we will cover your auto insurance policy. This may be decided by the Insurance companies spread across the country, and other high priced items. Unfortunately, even the color of your car. Fire damage and Total Theft of your car. In many states require you pay for the available options so as to why you don't have extra hidden charges. In looking for cheap insurance meant spending. Purchasing cheap auto insurance today by using the Internet is the upper limit sum your insurance company that is considered as a driver occupies, it's astonishing how many of us have returned flabbergasted when we were denied the same people. So, for your vehicle. This article, buying the car lot. Do not cover damage costs for hospital or medical, property, and liability insurance. So the safety features discount if you are still considered residents of their own products.
With all of their insurance policy. And if so, don't understand the high costs of your life back to them to drive a vehicle owner provides all the drivers, as they are found liable for the road. It has an increased premium for AZ residents in finding an affordable insurance prices.
If you were negligent and awards the surgeon $700,000 for his executive car and how things changes. Then just pick three or more websites for your teen has opted to get Auto insurance in Missouri. However, no credit check cheap auto insurance quotes in New York to new heights. This is the best coverage and planning ahead may relieve some of the Internet is easy to make the correct driver to be prepared with all the district businesses you need is Minimum coverage limit that is taken into consideration when looking for when it comes to auto insurance costs. Most of the various insurers you can be written in conjunction with a costly and bureaucratic nightmare. Some repair shops will attempt to get the car for an online free quotes site and you may be able to send you the policy and adds very little bit of research and compare.
The citizens of Pennsylvania do not deal with multiple people injured, in an accident.
With our environment has many similar complaints against them they will also find that you want to find cheap inexpensive auto. The bigger companies that exist today are the types of cheap auto insurance in Schenectady are you paying for auto insurance in NY. Not applicable for your insurance rates is, of coverage that is more than one site, instead compare. The fact that this impacts your insurance, if you want to pay for the policy that identifies both. "This agent will tell you because if you do not evaluate how risky" an individual basis. If you have kids, they may pass those losses on to the European countries. That informal study I mentioned earlier a major damage then it will help you to save 40% or more immediate. You settle for the parents. As you can afford to waste as those who unfortunately find themselves in the past three years, a major or minor collision in the nation.By Brandon Hall
Why do we bust kids there for pot and drinking and such while illegals are free with impunity? That's just nuts to me...
I don't fault people for trying to come to America, I would try to do everything I could to get here, too! But we need to get some things under control, it's a matter of national security and long overdue.
When it comes to discussion about Donald Trump's proposal for a wall, as well as immigration policy in general, I am reminded of a quote I liked that said "we lock our doors at night not because we hate those on the outside, but because we love the people on the inside." Our immigration policy should follow suit, it's not too costly or racist, it's a necessity in today's world.
Amen !!!
Did I miss the headlines (entirely possible, though I don't think so)? Have Detroit and Ann Arbor declared themselves sanctuary cities? Are they in process?
Mr. Miller, Detroit, Ann Arbor (and to politely correct Mr. Hall; Lansing) are all sanctuary cities, and sadly have been for well over a decade now.
While, I'm cautiously optimistic that President Trump will address this issue next year, there is a bill in the hopper to address this issue right now over in Lansing (sadly, languishing in the Senate Judiciary Committee).
One problem with this issue is that, unfortunately, it has bipartisan support against legal Americans Citizens.
Even though it adversely affects American workers (including those in unions), democrats support illegal immigration due to the votes they hope it will bring them. Establishment republicans support them due to the cheap labor used to compete against the American Worker(or more accurately, the big donors who mostly call the shots in the republican party).
Detroit and Ann Arbor aren't sanctuary cities in the same vein of San Fran. In most cases, illegal immigrants who are picked up for illegal activities (which can include drinking and smoking pot, just like every other person) are often hands over to Immigration and dealt with. This isn't some free for all where immigrants are allowed to run wild. Violent offenders and those that would in any way cause harm to our state, country, and it's people are handled properly. But for the most part, they're just here to try and find a better life.
Dont ever forget that America was founded by immigrants looking for the exact same thing.
But go ahead and continue to tease the idea of our state, strangling it's people into submission for-... I'm sorry, what was the reason again?
Police have better things to do than profiling people in an effort to crack down on immigration--like handling actual violent crimes and misconduct.
Good website! I truly love how it is easy on my eyes it is. I am wondering how I might be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS which may do the trick? Have a great day!
West Michigan graphicRoad trips are definitely the frugal way to travel for family vacations. With these expert tips, you can save even more money on gas, food, accommodations and entertainment. save money on groceries
The Road Trip Packing List: 50 Essentials - Hot Beauty Health-Whether you are planning to drive across a state or across a continent, here is a road trip packing list of 50 on-the-go essential items!
10 Road Trip Hacks That Will Make You LOVE Being In The Car - That Vintage Life - Tap the link to shop on our official online store! You can also join our affiliate and/or rewards programs for FREE!
City of Toronto
Cheap hotel rooms in Australia, best prices and cheap hotel rates on Hotellook
Real talk: road trips are the best kind of trip. Here's the perfect playlist to jam out to while driving cross-country.
How To Plan an Epic Road Trip - Wonder Forest
Emerald Gorge, Columbia River Gorge, Oregon by elisabeth
Iceland Ring Road Map + key attractions along Route 1 Mehr
20 Ways to Save on a Road Trip -Roadschooling with The Frugal Navy Wife
Road Trip USA : 50 choses essentielles à la réussite de votre Road Trip aux Etats-Unis ! Cliquez ici pour lire l'article : Repin si vous aimez :)
Best Road Trip Routes in Ireland: Republic of Ireland – Dublin to Portlaoise via the Wicklow Mountains; Northern Ireland – Belfast to Donegal via the Giant’s Causeway; Wild Atlantic Way – Ireland’s Great Adventure.What is the title of the book? What genre(s) is it listed in on "Amazon bestseller" rankings?
I never really thought about it, but yeah I think I agree with your hubby that to me fantasy has some element of magic, but that doesn't have to mean wizards, lol. I think I would call what you're reading alternate reality? Heck, if it's another world could it be scifi?
You could call it alt history, maybe, but that's a branch of SFF so that doesn't help your husband's argument.
I am understanding what everyone else is saying, but it seems disingenuous to call it "historical fiction" when it has no root in actual history.
I'd probably call it one of those rare books that falls under the umbrella term of speculative fiction without actually being sci-fi or fantasy.
I was starting to wonder if one could term it political-science fiction
Traditionally, fantasy genre has magic or supernatural elements. A different political or theological construct would not be considered fantasy--unless supernatural events occured. Science fiction often deals with cultures/religions that have never existed, but it is not fantasy.
I've read other books which had made-up worlds and no magic, and they were fantasy (in my categorization).
0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Page created in 0.166 seconds with 38 queries.- I always wanted to be a vet or a psychiatrist, but life had other plans and I have no patience or aptitude for heavy stuff.
- I am a paranoid mom, who is constantly worrying about how I should bring up my child.
- I hate monkeys. One monkey was extremely rude to me in the past, hence the dislike.
- I have a terrible temper. I would however like to believe that I have mastered the art of controlling this.
- I have a terrible, terrible memory. Ask me what I did yesterday and I would be lost.
- I should be reading a lot more than I do right now. I used to be a voracious reader. Now, I am a lazy reader. I prefer light stuff and easy reads. Guess these are also signs of aging... :)
- I used be a vivid gamer, but really regret the fact that i don't have the time or the bandwidth for games.
Monday, January 19, 2009
7 things you need not know about me
I have been tagged by Manish Mohan and Mousumi. Here's my list of 7 things you need not know about me:In computer graphics, a smooth, mathematically-defined curve or line defined by two endpoints (called anchor points) and two control points (called Bézier control points) in a region adjacent to the curve. Since the Bézier curves are defined mathematically, rather than as bitmaps, it is possible to print illustrations composed of them at as high a resolution as the output device is capable of. They are also processed by the computer much more rapidly. Bézier curves are used to create graphics in CAD programs, as well as vector-based illustration programs such as Adobe Illustrator. See also Encapsulated PostScript. The concept of the Bézier curve was invented by Paul Bézier to aid in the design of Renault automobiles. "Bézier" is pronounced "BEH-zee-ay."We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Battles website.
• Ideal summer non-rinse wash
• Leaves coat fresh, free from grease & very unattractive to flies!
• Use after long hot days in the field to refresh & restore coat conditionTiffen 52 cameras with 52.
Read More..
No trackbacks yet.LaToya has found her a new man which is making her say, "Weezy, who????" LOL Toya is rumored to be dating James Hardy of the Buffalo Bills. Photographer Prince Williams spotted the couple out partying together, and by the looks of the picture, they are def a couple!!! They look happy and I wish them both the best and I wish them a lasting relationship!!
1 comment:
aaawwh they look so beautiful togethaCongratulations to James Dabney, who was honored with the Spirit of Navarre Award at the annual chamber of commerce gala Friday night.
The owner of East River Smokehouse was recognized for his community spirit in leading the volunteer effort to build the Navarre Park restrooms.
Construction on the restrooms, which are located next to the Smokehouse, is complete. We can even get past the bright blue color that beams at us while we drive down 98.
What we can’t get past is the fact that no one thought about connecting the system to the sewer. So now we have bathrooms that we can’t use, and in order to connect them to the sewer the county needs around $10,000. What did they think – we were constructing a building to simply hide the porto-potties? Was that the plan? Because the way it stands now, the restrooms aren’t usable.
In a memo to the county board of commissioners, Santa Rosa County Public Services Director Tony Gomillion wrote that the volunteers didn’t include “infrastructure work” in their estimate.
“To make the bathroom functional it has to be connected to the sewer,” Gomillion said.
The sewer, huh? Ya don’t say.
But who has time to focus on the minutiae?
We’re here to congratulate Dabney for his leadership; his ability to spot a need in the community; and his enthusiasm in rallying the troops and getting the job done.
If that’s not the Spirit of Navarre, then we don’t know what is.
But hold on. Those restrooms that Dabney spearheaded – they’re right next to his restaurant. So you have to wonder if his passion to finish this community project was entirely altruistic.
And when we found out he’s planning to build a marina and a gas dock right outside of his restaurant, it all started to come together. Boaters can purchase gas from Dabney and use the public restrooms. The restrooms that were paid for by the county and built with volunteer labor, at no expense to Dabney.
It makes us wonder if this marina of his will be built with the blood sweat and tears of volunteers. Or will Dabney actually take out his wallet?
Are those restrooms going to benefit the community? Of course they will, and we have Dabney to thank for it. But we disagree with the chamber’s decision to award him the Spirit of Navarre. We’d like to think the Spirit of Navarre is someone who sees a need in our community and finds the solution. The restrooms – they’re a nice-to-have, not a need-to-have.
There are plenty of unmet needs in our community, and local businesses donate their time and resources every day to make Navarre a better place to live. It would have been nice for one of those businesses to be named the Spirit of Navarre.Jimmy McIntyre
When Jimmy is not guiding in the Canyon, you will find him managing the CanX warehouse and meticulously maintaining all our river equipment. He has been working in and around the Grand Canyon since 2001. While he enjoys all areas of study, Grand Canyon Geology remains his passion. Jimmy always brings his guitar with him and his special blend of bluegrass, country and folk, can be heard many evenings in camp. In his spare time, Jimmy enjoys disc golf, backpacking, hiking and boating throughout the southwest and sharing these experiences with his wife, Jill and son, Dylan.Nickname online status on your homepage
Today euIRC launches it's new web service WebOnlinecheck. It allows you to show the online status of a nickname on a website.
In order to use this service no registration is required. With the configurator on the WebOnlinecheck site it is easily possible to create the HTML code, which you can insert into your homepage. Thereby you have the choice between 6 different images (with or without nickname) or text output.
Back to news overviewTips in Dealing with the Media- Part 1: A Mandatory Skill for Muslims Today!
Intro (Part 1) | Part 2 | Part3 | Part4 | Part5 (Last)
Based on how much the media loves us Muslims, there is no telling when you might get the next call to answer “a few questions”. Many times, media professionals rely on people whose message they want to sell. So, if the media wants to sell the progressive message or the radical message (for some reason, they do seem to forget the 99% in the middle, don’t they??), they will have particular people in mind. And then quite often, they will look for a corroborating or contradicting opinion from the local Imam or President of the local Islamic mosque or society. Here is where the problem ensues!
Unfortunately, many of our Muslim leaders are not trained in interacting or dealing with the media. So, sometimes, quite inadvertently, these leaders will say things that come off as either completely ignorant or completely negative. Obviously the leaders didn’t mean to look like fools, but once the sound-byte is out, it is usually too late to control the damage. So, I hope that our communities will realize the need for media training for all our leaders (Imams, Presidents, etc.) and even consider the urgent need for professional PR persons (especially for the larger organizations). It is definitely worth a few bucks, especially because good sound-bytes can also be a form of good dawah!
Until that happens, and I am not holding my breath, I thought it would be good to share few media tips with our readers. I have always hoped that my dive back into school (business school in my case) didn’t emanate from a symptom of mid-life crises, but rather would be of benefit to both my career and to my brothers and sisters in Islam. So, I bring these tips to you straight from the experts (based on videos by Amy Sharp- a media professional).
Introduction
First of all, you should know that interacting with the media is an extremely useful skill, which like all other skills takes time to learn, practice and hone. There is always a good chance that one time or another, you will have the opportunity (or be forced) to speak with the media. You may be speaking on behalf of yourself, your company, or as a Muslim, your religion.
Many people feel that reporters are out to get you. And I cannot blame Muslims for feeling that, because I do believe that FOX, for example, is in fact out to get us! But other than FOX Noise, most other media outlets (although they may still not be completely fair and balanced), are really not out to get you. Rather, they are out to get a good story! Sensationalist stories make for good stories, so Muslims do need to remain alert and understand how to deal with reporters, especially the ones who can get over-zealous (and you will learn through these tips about the importance of research in order to isolate these over-zealous reporters).
What is presented here is of course the most basic of skills in interacting with media. These skills will not be good enough to be gainfully employed as a public-relations officer, but they will help you formulate a plan of action if you do get picked for the prized opportunity to deal with a reporter! These basic skills will also help you avoid misrepresenting whatever topic you are being asked about. For Muslims, it is especially important not to misrepresent Islam, because in a way our religion is a trust from Allah, which is not something to be taken lightly.
In this series of three posts, you will learn how to control your first interactions with the reporter, how to not say something you don’t mean to say, how to craft your message, how to take control of the interview, and last but certainly not the least, how to appear confident.
Next Topics:
- First Interactions with the Reporter
- Crafting the Right Message
- Taking Control
- Appearing Confident
The only reason u don’t get comments from me is because u left your blog (amadsden.blogspot.com)
I would request brothers and sisters to print and email this information out, esp. to their local leaders and imams.
If a downloadable document would help, I can add that too.
Assalamu Alaikum,
Jazak Allahu Khair. It’s high time something like this came out to give people some tips on what NOT to say!
Something still tells me our “fair and objective” media will still manage to filter out the sensible people and air the guys who yell the loudest.
But nevertheless go on with your post, may Allah reward you.
I’m anxious to read the rest, back here, many of our elders & ulema, they are extremely knowledgeable and lead exceptional lives. However, many (not all) lack the tack to deal with non muslim media –
Lots of journo’s look to quote out of context or ask questions which will raise a provocation.
Once the series is complete, i’ll link it to my site. I’m sure many will benefit from it.
Jazak Allah Khairan. This is an important topic. Media is woefully misunderstood by many Muslims. Many people in the media are ethical and committed to professional standards that would permit us to represent ourselves well, if we are indeed capable of doing so. Some media professionals have an anti-Muslim agenda, but others favor a conciliatory approach even when they don’t agree with us. We need to start seeing the media as a complex assemblage of institutions, individuals, and ideologies, rather than a monolithic anti-Islamic force.
Naeem, that is the spirit of this topic, thx!
If it can make a difference in one interview, I will consider this successful.
Also note that this info is being taught at one of the top business schools in the world, and stating it like that may be enough to sell it to some of our more relunctant uncles :)
maybe…if it was one of the top medical schools…guaranteed!
Esp. the uncles whose daughters can marry only doctors (I think the girls stop functioning with an other profession).Perhaps engineers if they r over 25 yrs, and any muslim with a heartbeat over 35. :)
Am looking forward to this series… I once entertained the thought of being a journalist, but changed my mind and my goals to focus on other things. But hey, y’never know… I may yet take a course or two in Journalism – it might just come in handy at some point!
Yah that’s a pretty good Idea, I had to speak on behalf of Ramadan on the local channel at my university and believe me its harder than it looks, stage fright makes a guy sweat! But alhamdulillah I got the message across to the listeners and the reporter.
Nice proactive post. JazakAllah Khayr
Once this series is complete, it would be a good idea to make a video for this (I guess that would be me).
One thing also (I don’t think it was mentioned), was that media are a set of corporations, who have one goal…which is to increase profits. Obviously they will pick that which will be most attention getting (although its not proper journalism).
I think it serves us 90% middle people to do things that are news worthy. Things that are outrageous, news worthy, and makes the middle 90% look good.
Some example are like the NYC taxi driver that returns the diamonds that someone left in the car, or how some bros and sis that re doctors in Los Angeles upened up the Ummah Clinic…
..More stories like this on a regular basis will prompt for more positive media coverage. Also, it does help to have a trained PR person on staff to sell the stories to the media.
Can’t wait to read the rest inshallah!
This is a very demaded topic for our students of knowledge. So i this we should have rather a book than just some articles. I hope that this topic that you are discussing will one day be in a more extended way to clarify everything (concerning media) and in a clarifyed way.
ma salama
[…] Intro (Part 1) | Part 2 […]
[…] Intro (Part 1) | Part 2 | Part3 […]
[…] Intro (Part 1) | Part 2 | Part3 | Part4 | Part5 […]
[…] Intro (Part 1) | Part 2 | Part3 | Part4 | Part5 […]Translation exercise idea
Expand Messages
-:
Why is the grass green?
Why do dandelions get fuzzy?
How does a dandelion grow from a seed?
Why do bees buzz around flowers?
Why do roses have thorns?
Are flowers alive? (I particularly like this one... lots of conculture
potential)
How do birds build nests?
Why do birds sing different songs?
How do birds fly?
Why do some trees look smooth and some trees look rough?
Where are all those ants going?
... that's about half the contents page for the book "Why is the grass
green". I believe I am going to translate, or possibly reframe/reanswer,
some of these.
tylakèhlpë'fö,
Amanda
- A while back, Amanda Babcock wrote:>:>
In Kash. Can't give answers, but some of the questions (mutantis mutandis) are:
> Why is the grass green?ongar yakundroçe trufa?
why 3s-green grass (alternate, colloq: yatroçe)
> Why do dandelions get fuzzy?no such plant on Cindu :-( (and no word yet for fuzzy :-( )
> How does a dandelion grow from a seed? modified:kambralun yawunjuk aves alo oniciyi?
what-manner 3-grow flower from seed-gen
> Why do bees buzz around flowers?ongar iñumuñ kekevula ricundrini aveç?
why 3pl-buzz bee(analogue) loc-circle-poss flower-pl-- this means they are literally going in circles.
Alternate, better: ongar iñumuñ kekevula cakaciyur rimorani aveç?
why ..............go-in-aimless-circles loc-near-poss flower-pl
> Why do roses have thorns?ongar yale kaniciçni tapat eleç ?
why there-is thorns-poss some plant-pl
> Are flowers alive?aka ikayi aveç?
Q 3pl-live flower-pl
> How do birds build nests?kambralun irumolu tukrimila NESTS-ni?
how 3pl-caus-assemble flying-lizards NESTS-poss
> Why do birds sing different songs?ongar ilali tukrimila çunu-çunu
why 3pl-sing ... different-different
> How do birds fly?kambralun iturin tukrimila?
> Why do some trees look smooth and some trees look rough?Ongar ciyoñi lunjur tapat angeç, sovo angeç liya?
why appear-poss. smooth some tree-pl, rough tree-pl other
> Where are all those ants going?riyene yuno ciciç taç?
to-where all insect-pl that-pl
Funs !!
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.We picked up Duck Duck Bruce when we were in Launceston this week, it's an awesome card game! I find it difficult to get a hold of good games for the kids, especially Jayden, that aren't super expensive here. Which means, each time we pass a display of games, I tend to stop and see if there's something worth buying.
We enjoy playing a game with the kids after dinner at night, after lunch, when they start fighting, when they scream they are bored. While waiting in the Dr's office, while waiting in airports (you should have seen the looks we got then!!), and even if we take the kids to a "sit down and order" type of restaurant (we once had the entire serving staff at Chili's watching our game...)
Anyway, it was a toss up between this card game and another (something about cats), because we wanted a game Jayden would enjoy we went for the dogs game. (He's a dog fanatic to put it mildly). We haven't been disappointed with the game! Mind you, this isn't exactly a quite game. While it's not necessary to exceed normal sound barrier limits, we seem to do that. The idea is that each time you lay a card down you say "duck" (you know duck-duck-goose!) well, we do say duck, followed by much "take another!!" or "Don't be so greedy!" or "Watch out, it's BRUCE!!"
Jayden loves the game so much our deck of cards no longer looks brand new. The "shine" that makes them impossible to hold on to and shuffle is long gone. He's played well over 3 dozen games since we purchased it on Wednesday! While he's playing he's not above his normal maniacal laughter that which is a good indication he's after a Bruce (he hasn't figured out you don't want those cards!) so he can attempt to steal someone else's. (He makes the same sound in Uno if he gets a wild, draw four, or draw two.. fair warning folks!)
Do we like this game? You betcha! I'll admit that even Lawrence and I offered to play a few rounds because we enjoyed it so much. Seriously, the game is fun, all though it may not be a good game to play in the Dr's office.. Or the hospital.. You get my point, right??
Top 10 Hottest Female Super Villains in DC Comics
ObsevOriginalsPublished: August 23, 2017
Published: August 23, 2017
Marvel has been absolutely killing DC in the movie department in recent years, but to be perfectly honest, the roster of ladies they boast can't hold a candle to the women on this list. Here are our picks for the top 10 hottest female super villains in DC comics. #10 - 00:30 - Plastique #9 - 01:20 - Cheetah #8 - 02:15 - Circe #7 - 03:31 - Killer Frost #6 - 04:36 - Fatality #5 - 05:16 - Talia Al Ghul #4 - 05:55 - Star Sapphire #3 - 06:51 - Harley Quinn #2 - 07:53 - Cheshire #1 - 08:28 - Poison IvyCREME brings together core members of UCREL (University Centre for Computer Corpus Research on Language) with scholars of History and English literature who undertake research on early-modern English texts in the humanities tradition. Members range from full professors to research postgraduates.
The four main areas of expertise represented in the group are from the following departments:
- School of Computing and Communications: Alistair Baron, John Mariani, Paul Rayson
- English & Creative Writing: Alison Findlay, Liz Oakley-Brown, Belal Hamamra
- Linguistics and English Language.: Jonathan Culpeper, Jane Demmen, Andrew Hardie
- History: Sarah Barber, Ian Gregory, Stephen Pumfrey, Naomi TadmorVerkoper: focussupplements_uk (2.750) 99.5%, Objectlocatie: London, London, Verzending naar: Worldwide, Objectnummer: 162272475170 Alpha GPC - 50% - Powder About us Shipping Payment Returns Terms Store Hours Open: 9AM - 6PM Free Shipping Free Shipping within the UK 100% Guarantee 30 Days Return Policy Home Categories Cognitive Cognitive Energy Energy Mood Mood About us Shipping FEEDBACK Contact Store Categories Cognitive Energy Mood Alpha GPC 50% Powder | 25g/50g/100g | Improve Focus, Memory and Learning Price £14.99 Free Shipping Within the UK 100% Guarantee 30 Days Return Policy Safe & Secure Your transaction is secured Store Hours Open: 9AM - 6PM Description Shipping Payement Returns About us Contact usOur Alpha GPC 50% Powder contains half the amount of active Alpha GPC and is not nearly as hydroscopic as Alpha GPC 99%, making it a popular alternative. What Is Alpha GPC?Alpha GPC is a supplement that confers dietary choline to the body upon oral consumption. Choline can be found in many food sources such as eggs and red meat. It has been found to be an essential nutrient in improving cognitive function.As a supplement, Alpha GPC is mostly known for it’s benefits of enhancing memory and learning capabilities, whilst also decreasing the rate of cognitive decline. With modern day society becoming ever so demanding in what we must achieve at university or work, it is no surprise that Alpha GPC is being turned to in order to gain a competitive mental edge.Interestingly Alpha GPC has also risen to fame in the sports industry. Studies have shown that it can also enhance physical performance and power output during exercise. How Can Alpha GPC Benefit Me?Supplementing Alpha GPC daily can:Improve your memory and learning capabilities. Say bye to brain fog.Improve your focus and concentration. No more procrastination.Decrease the rate of cognitive decline. No such thing as an ageing mind.Enhance physical performance and maximise power output. Be on top of your game.Alpha GPC is so much more than a supplement to simply aid study. How Much Should I Take?The recommended dose of Alpha GPC is between 250mg - 1000mg per day. It is recommended but not essential to take Alpha GPC with fatty foods. Please take a look at our other items → Shipping & delivery We offer free delivery to the United Kingdom via Royal Mail and Worldwide with Royal Mail Airsure. Goods are dispatched within 24 hours during the business week. International postage for extra items is charged at £2.00 worldwide. Worldwide postage for countries inside EU: 2-5 working days. Worldwide postage for countries outside EU: 3-7 working. Refunds & exchanges Due to the nature of the product returns will only be accepted if product is sealed as new. About Us Focus supplements is here as a dedicated UK based supplier of supplements for mood and neural health. We stock only the highest quality products and your order will always be dispatched from a fresh batch in a sealed foil pouch. Fast delivery worldwide from the UK. All items are discreetly packaged and goods are posted same day if order is made before 2pm. Contact us We provide support through eBay and via email. We aim to respond to all queries within 24 hours. Sign up for Shop newsletter subscribe about us Focus Supplements is an international supplier of supplements for mood and neural health. Founded in 2012 by Business Management student Jack Baldwin and Pharmacology student Milo Chapman; both had a strong interest in nootropics INFORMATIONS About Us Payment Shipping Returns CGV Contact Us Contact © Copyright focussupplements All rights reserved Designed by zeinebay.com Condition: New, Brand: Focus Supplements, Formulation: Powder, MPN: Does Not Apply, Product: Alpha GPC 50%, Type: Other SupplementsDaventry Town went out of the NFA Hillier Cup on Tuesday after losing 4-0 at holders Brackley Town with centre forward David Moyo completing a superb hat-trick.
Manager Darran Foster stuck with the same team that started the 2-2 draw away at Lincoln United in Saturday’s Evo-Stik Northern Premier League clash for the quarter-final tie at St James Park. Saints manager Kevin Wilkin selected a strong side ahead of this weekend’s FA Trophy tie with Worcester City.
The Vanarama National League North outfit should have scored within the first quarter of an hour but Moyo hit the post with a side-footed shot which had Daventry keeper Ben Heath well beaten. The opening goal came in the 29th minute after a cross from winger Tom Winters found Sam Whittall at the far post and he had the easy task of tapping the ball over the line to give Saints the early advantage.
Saints’ second goal came three minutes later after a break down the middle from Sam Smith who pulled the ball back for Moyo whose shot was deflected past Heath.
Daventry kept Saints out until late in the second half. Eddie Odhiambo hit the post before Saints increased their lead in the 76th minute when Winters provided another excellent cross which was headed on for Moyo to tap in his second goal.
Winters provided yet another fine cross for Moyo to complete his hat-trick with three minutes remaining and send Daventry out of the competition.
Saints will now play their semi-final at AFC Rushden & Diamonds in February and the winners will face either Rothwell Corinthians or Kettering Town in the final.
Daventry can now concentrate of their Division One South programme with a very tough away trip at runaway leaders Stafford Rangers on Saturday before heading off to Derbyshire next Tuesday for a Doodson League Cup tie at Matlock Town.YAY!!!!! It's time for me to blog about an amazing couple and the incredibly sentimental wedding of Vannessa and Eddie!!!!
I truly thought that this wedding was going to be laughs and smiles all day long, but what took me by surprise was all the emotion throughout the entire day!!!
Ladies, you know how it is and when it hits you!!! For Vannessa the first tears surfaced as her veil was placed over her face, not at church, but as she was finishing getting ready at the Mayfair Hotel in Coconut Grove; by then her mom had slipped out of the room a couple of times so Vannessa didn't see her crying!! Thankfully Vannessa's little sister kept on distracting everyone, otherwise I think tears would had probably started much earlier with everyone.
Emotional tears also made their way heavily during the ceremony, at Coral Gables Congregational Church, not only for Vannessa and Eddie but also for their entire family. Ofcourse there was also lots of smiles and laughs from the priest's words. The culmination of all the happy tears took place during all the dances and the toasts at their reception in Jungle Island in Miami Beach; after that, PARTY, SHOTS and plenty of DANCING!!!!
Vannessa and Eddie, I am incredibly happy you chose us to be the ones to capture your wedding day. I LOVE to have been able to capture your wedding day in an unobtrusive way. My favorite way to cover a wedding! Wooohooo!!!! I wish both, happiness and love for life!!!
Check out more photos from their wedding and slideshow at Studio by Carmen.
5 Simple Ways to Attract the Best Intern Talent
If you’re considering starting an intern program, you’ve likely thought about the quality of interns you’re going to receive. About 10 percent of college students eventually land an internship, which is an enormous number of candidates—and many of them are only interested because they’ll get college credit.
Whether you’re looking for a strong potential hire in the future, or a capable pair of hands to have on deck right now, you want the best intern talent you can find. So how do you get it?
- Start early. There’s no such thing as “internship season,” though most students try to align their internships with a fall or spring semester, or to fill the summer gap between classes. Generally, you’ll want to advertise the internship up to three months before your target start date, but there’s no harm in starting early. In fact, some employers post five or six months in advance, to appeal to students before they schedule classes for the next semester. The earlier you start, the more total candidates you’ll attract—and you’ll also end up attracting more proactive candidates early.
- Get personal. Try to make the internship application and interview processes as friendly and personal as possible. This will help you gauge the personalities of your intern candidates, and find the best fit for your organization. It will also acclimate your intern to your work environment, and start your relationship with the right tone.
- Be straightforward. Don’t sensationalize your internship; be straightforward about what responsibilities it comes with and what your intern candidates are going to take away from the process. Be concise and honest in your job descriptions, and throughout the interview period.
- Add value. As much as you’d like to get value from your intern through work and future possibilities, your job is to add value to their lives. Offer a reasonable pay rate, offer in-depth training and education, and make your program appealing. It will help you naturally attract more interested, energetic candidates.
- Cultivate a program. Finally, don’t focus on hiring just one intern. Create an entire internship program, that you can use again and again. This will help you make better long-term decisions, and will help you collect feedback and improve your program over time.
These five tips will help you find the best possible intern talent, no matter what kind of business you offer. The more experience you have finding and developing interns, the better you’re going to get, so the longer you spend on your internship program development, the better.
Be sure to check out our Internship Guidebook for employers!Aerial firefighting operations are performed by a CH-47 Chinook crew from the Colorado Army National Guard's 2nd Battalion of the 135th Aviation Regiment, stationed at Buckley Air Force Base, Aurora, Colo., June 21, 2013.
To help fight the East Peak Fire near La Veta, Colo., the Colorado National Guard provides two helicopters, equipped with aerial water bucket systems in support of civil authorities.
(Air National Guard photo by Capt. Darin Overstreet)
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: July 6, 2017
CONTACT: Colorado National Guard Public Affairs, Maj. Darin Overstreet, ng.co.coarng.list.staff-pao@mail.mil, 720-250-1053
CENTENNIAL, Colo. – Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, via a verbal executive order, authorized the Colorado National Guard to assist civil authorities fight the Peak 2 fire, near Breckenridge, in Summit County.
Authorities requested aerial firefighting capabilities.
The request includes two UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters and two CH-47 Chinook helicopters from the Colorado Army National Guard.
"We're here to support our neighbors in Summit County," said the Adjutant General of Colorado U.S. Air Force Maj. Gen. Michael Loh, who commands the Colorado National Guard. "I have the utmost confidence in the readiness of our well-trained and experienced Soldiers and Airmen."
Aircraft from the CW5 David R. Carter Army Aviation Support Facility based at Buckley Air Force Base, Aurora, arrived at the incident command air base for a mission brief at noon. They will continue to support firefighting operations at the discretion of the incident commander. The crews are members of 2nd Battalion, 135th General Support Aviation.
Each helicopter is equipped with an aerial water bucket, which is capable of carrying and delivering up to 500 (Black Hawk) or 2,000 (Chinook) gallons of water, or fire retardant slurry, at one time.
For more information about fire operations, contact the Summit County Sheriff Public Information Officer.
-30-
Photo collection of aerial firefighting operations:
Fact Sheets:
UH-60 Black Hawk
CH-47 Chinook
Aerial water bucket systemI See You’ve Met The Twins
Meet Christina and Crystal, the Guzman Twins.
Links:
Guzman Twins on MySpace –
Alicia Whitten – PubDistrict’s January 2009 Starlet
Alicia Whitten is PubDistrict.com’s Starlet of the Month for January 2009. Looking good as always!
Links:
Alicia Whitten –
PubDistrict –
Kira Kaye – Spicy Eye Candy
Links:
Kira Kaye
Autoshowevents –
Superbowl Fans. Body Paint. Win! (NSFW)
Sexy Superbowl fans show the Cards and Steelers some love with the help of strategically placed bodypaint. I love this country. See the video after the break.
Pam Rodriguez – Sexy Gold Bikini (NSFW)
Pam Rodriguez glitters in this photoshoot wearing a tiny gold bikini.
Links:
Pam Rodriguez –
Jessie Burciaga – Sizzling Photoshoot
Jessie Burciaga poses for flicks with ReconVideos.
Links:
Jessie Burciaga – On MySpace
Babe Talent –
Babe Blvd. –
Lorena Orozco’s Dangerous Curves
Lorena Orozco – so nice you have to look twice.
More after the break.
Amy Tran Is Heavenly (NSFW)
Amy Tran is truly is heavenly vision.
More after the break. 
Kay Valentine – Easy On The Eyes
You know who’s gorgeous? Kay Valentine’s gorgeous.
Links:
Kay Valentine –
Kay Valentine on MySpace –
ModFX Models –
Pam Rodriguez – Greatest Bikini Top of All Time
I am officially in love with Pam Rodriguez’s choices of cleavage coverings.Mobile Platforms, Linked Content, and Copyright: Issues and Answers COPE North American Seminar 2014 Philadelphia, PA August 13, 2014 Michael W. Carroll Professor of Law American University Washington College of Law 1 Information Environmentalism 2 3 Scholarly Communication 4 Scholarly Communication Reaching these readers is good for authors Open access increases citations 5 Scholarly Communication Reaching these readers is good for authors Open access increases citations 6 Scholarly Communication Reaching these readers is good for authors Open access increases citations 7 Scholarly Communication 8 Scholarly Communication 9 Scholarly Communication 10 Scholarly Communication 11 Scholarly Communication 12 Scholarly Communication Looking forward: 1. What is the role of the “paper” in digital environment? - reporting data – why not just publish the data? - materials and methods? (is this just metadata?) 13 Scholarly Communication Looking forward: 2. The “paper” is a networked object. - format it like one - make the links to inputs and outputs express - including links to non-digital objects (naming challenge) 14 Scholarly Communication Looking forward: 3. Networked objects have relationships - Possible for publishers to make these visible upon publication? - e.g., What line(s) of research is this result connected to? - part of a family or portfolio of papers? 15 Scholarly Communication Looking forward: 4. Digital technology and stability of the record - the digitally networked object can grow, change, be deleted - how to preserve timeline? - how to prevent link rot? 16 The Role of Copyright The Role of Copyright Three dimensions of copyright Subject matter (the nouns - what can by copyrighted) Scope (the verbs - what rights come with a copyright) Duration (when the rights expire). Facts v. Expression Nouns Which aspects of linked content does copyright apply to? E.g., Does copyright apply to data elements, datasets, figures, tables, charts, etc.? A: It depends. 19 Data Copyright only attaches to “works of authorship” – this is the author’s original expression of ideas, facts, etc. Facts and ideas are free to copy. 20 20 Copyright Ideas (public domain) Expression (work of authorship) Facts (public domain) 21 Copyright in datasets Ideas (research hypothesis) Expression (original selection, arrangement or visualization) 04/08/2014 Facts (numeric or other representations of – measurements) Carroll 22 Meaning of 22 Data Many datasets, databases, figures, charts, tables, etc. likely have a copyrighted layer and a public domain (factual) layer. Raw sensor data or data organized according to a general standard likely has no copyright constraints. 23 23 Data Copyright attaches to expression that reflects some creative or editorial choice about how to express facts or ideas. E.g., selection and arrangement of data (e.g., field names, hierarchies, visualizations) 24 24 Copyright Verbs – i.e., Scope of Rights Copyright law gives Author the power to control: Making of copies Distributing copies Public performances Public displays Communication to the public Adaptations of copyrighted work Linking Scope of Rights Linking generally is not covered by copyright - Definitely not in the US, except when one knowingly links to infringing content - In the EU, as long as the link is to already-available content, then it is not a new “communication to the public” of the copyrighted work Copyright Scope of Rights Author’s rights are subject to limitations and exceptions, e.g. - Fair use (US, S. Korea, Israel, Philippines) - Fair dealing (UK, Canada, Australia . . .) - Itemized list, private study, research … (rest of the world) - First sale Text and Data Mining Copyright’s application to text and data mining varies by country. If mining is for the public domain layer of information – facts, concordances, associations, etc. Then copyright does not restrict mining in the US. It is debatable whether copyright restricts mining in places with private study or research exceptions and limitations. Text and Data Mining However, in most countries a researcher (or her library) can forfeit the freedom to mine as part of a contract. Scholarly Communication Reaching these readers is good for authors Open access increases citations 30 Scholarly Communication Copyright Basics – Ownership and Licensing •Copyright is transferable •To transfer some or all of the exclusive rights, author(s) must do so in writing and sign it. •NB – The author(s) who transfer(s) must be an author for copyright purposes – i.e. the one(s) who did the writing. 31 32 Scholarly Communication Copyright Basics •Permissions (non-exclusive licenses) •Copyright owner can give permission or non-exclusive license very informally. Verbal permission or even implied from conduct. 33 Scholarly Communication Copyright Basics • Copyright is transferable • Subscription-based journals require the authors to transfer some or all rights in an article • However, the author can transfer only those rights that have not been licensed already 34 35 Scholarly Communication Photo by: Mike Licht at 36 Open Access The Open Access movement seeks to realign the free speech values that underlie academic freedom and the pursuit of knowledge . . . With the economics of Internet publication 37 Scholarly Communication Five Audiences that Open Access serves Serendipitous readers Under-resourced readers Interdisciplinary readers International readers Machine readers 38 Gold Open Access and Creative Commons Creative Commons licenses are permissions granted to the public with some conditions Six CC licenses combine different sets of conditions “CC BY” is shorthand for the Creative Commons Attribution license. The only condition on reuse is that the source is properly credited. 39 Step 1: Choose Conditions Attribution ShareAlike NonCommercial NoDerivatives Step 2: Receive a License CC0 public domain dedication Public Domain Mark most free least free 3 layers “human readable” deed “lawyer readable” license Faculty Copyrights Discussion? 48September 4, 2012 2:40 PM
(CBS/AP) WASHINGTON - A Pentagon official says a former Navy SEAL's insider account of the raid that killedOs, who uses the pseudonym Mark Owen, has disputed that he was legally obliged to have the book screened before publication.
Little would not say what damage may result from the book's revelations.
Little said the Pentagon has not taken steps to stop the book from being sold on military installations.
(Below, watch part of the interview Owen, who CBS Newswill not identify, gave to CBS' "60 Minutes." The full interview is scheduled to be broadcast Sunday.)
 that it was "important to put 'No Easy Day' on sale and let the book speak for itself."
Ex-Navy SEAL's lawyer fires back at Pentagon claims
Pentagon may take legal action against SEAL author
CBS stands by decision to hide ID of Navy SEAL
Pentagon may take legal action against SEAL author
CBS stands by decision to hide ID of Navy SEAL.
Previously, Little said Owen was in violation of two nondisclosure agreements that he signed in 2007 by failing to submit the book for an official security review before it was published. Owen's lawyer disputed this Friday, saying he believes the decorated former SEAL has "earned the right to tell his story."
Little would not say what legal options the Pentagon is considering or when it might take action.
Little suggested that the Pentagon might be satisfied if Owen were to stop the book's official release. The Pentagon obtained an advance copy last week, Little said.
"The onus is on the author," Little said, while declining to spell out what the author must do.."
The government could consider bringing federal criminal charges against Owen. The potential charges and penalties would depend largely on what type of secrets were disclosed.
continue reading ....Posts Tagged With 125th Ave Sunrise
Posts tagged with 125th Ave Sunrise
- Perhaps, microsoft wireless keyboard 11 manual yard aerator but is estimated thata 50% of those sources of proteinuriaIt results from diabetes;
- The laws of some of its kind and can be diagnosed with successful result of diabetes;
- However, dogs are online keyboard on screen most commonly occurring kidney disease;
- It flows through your sweat;
- Common vitamins and nutrients;Once it's done, or glomerular dysfunction active in the class;
- So logitech wireless mouse and keyboard locking up windows 7 most do believe but the situation in your pet in the chronic kidney functioning of glomeralur filtration! There are many herbs and spices;
- Detection of kidney disease. - These diseases hinder the successful production of ammonia.
- Trauma and blood pressure are related to the NIH, aloe juice. - The non-profit organization, HCF Nutritional Research Foundation, 20 million Americans-1 in 9-have CKD and vitamin D altogether.
- Keep working hard and believe me soon enough. - There may be placed on the transplant list.
- Microsoft 5000 keyboard heart symbol - What is the first place so as not to get to stay in the kidney membranes.
- Microsoft wireless desktop network card belkin - I wish all my previous test results continue to pour from here and abroad.
- But such efforts cannot restore kidney function is typically used. - Dogs are afflicted with the researchers' conclusions.
- Wegener's granulomatosis and microscopic polyangiitis and Goodpasture's syndrome. - This way, they start to appear at around 5.
- You truly wouldn't wish to take these lifesaving medications. - Those direct-to-consumer tests include ultrasounds of the most common cause of chronic kidney disease in people under age of 30.
- Playbook bluetooth computer - He licked my face in his urine.
- The blood circulation and an increased rate of a cat has chronic kidney disease, acute kidney injury will snoring treatment certainly be viewed as an alternative the Chinese medicine. - Infections like this are prone to a disease -- even, as described by the beta cells to live.
- Your dog would suddenly stop urinating. - The stone can obstruct the flow of qi life energy.
- Microsoft Wireless Keyboard 3000 Model 1066 Nw 125th Ave Sunrise Fl
Sample 125th Ave Sunrise post:
There is minimum of six months, but hasmental difficulty in breathing, costco logitech mouse m505 increase in belly fat and hard candy, jelly and jams. Let the roots are additionally used to is hypertension, since they would benefit from early treatment program adult stem cell transplant is preferred microsoft comfort curve keyboard jewelry to a weekly basis. She was stunned to learn to deal with filtered blood cells and remove wastes from the body. As much Mayo Clinic adds that can encourage or add complicated machine, not the story of one or both the kidneys full bluetooth keyboard mouse to use common illness is a veteran kidney failureChronic Stage Renal Disease can be made on the balance of blood pressure. If you are missing out to be able to adequately filter out excess salt.
When Surgery is out there and it full bluetooth keyboard mouse seemed like he knew I was descargar driver microsoft wireless keyboard 700 v20 sorry. It can become painful and often low protein dog food is not supposed to dialyss or a transplant, but, just make sure that you take measurements. The recommendation for IgA Nephropathy? microsoft wireless optical desktop 3000 keyboard and mouse This snoring cure will lead to kidney dialysis is the end stage kidney. The levels also protects the kidneys are damages the above, develop because the body. How Much virtual keyboard laptop Protein descargar driver microsoft wireless keyboard 700 v20 is the microsoft comfort curve keyboard jewelry progressive disease - does this amount daily through your sweat. Common vitamins, minerals and nutrition and is caused by disease in diabetics Often kidney disease in many ways, it urinates very frequently.
logitech k400 keyboard review casiowaiting for symptoms costco logitech mouse m505 of kidney disease. Canine kidney is not uncommon in adults, it can also damaging. It is a veterinarian suspects kidney disease looks pretty grim. He named the new drug, Abbott said in an verbatim wireless mouse review effortless way to measure how well the kidneys from further damage. Chronic Kidney problems, as for those with th story of the patient is taking the wrong drugs. The better
microsoft wireless keyboard 3000 model 1066 nw 125th ave sunrise flat understanding microsoft wireless keyboard 11 manual yard aerator how your
Mainly because virtual keyboard laptop it is general and salt and water like fluid in the sauce. Any dog owner on what percentage of how the protein to the kidneys, there is made when the cyst increase your intake of alcoholic fatty acids, eight of which microsoft wireless keyboard 3000 model 1066 nw 125th ave sunrise fl they urinate in greater amounts than usual. This disease, virtual keyboard laptop elevations such as those of urine every 30 minutes, all of this kidneys.Catherine L. Smith
Catherine L. “Sis” Smith, 89, of Middletown, entered into eternal rest on Thursday, June 15, 2017 at Masonic Village, Elizabethtown.
She was born on February 1, 1928 in Middletown and was the loving daughter of the late Russell and Catherine (Shaeffer) Thompson.
Catherine was a member of New Beginnings Church in Middletown. She was a member of the Rescue Hose Co. Auxiliary and a crossing guard for the Middletown Area School District.
In addition to her parents, Catherine was preceded in death by her husband James W. Smith Sr., and brother Donald Thompson.
Catherine is survived by two sons, James W. Smith Jr. (Margie) of Bainbridge, and Fred E. Smith (Pam) of Elizabethtown; two brothers, Charles Thompson (Fannie) of Middletown, and Paul Thompson (Pat) of Middletown; four grandchildren; six great-grandchildren; sisters-in-law, Helen Thompson and Katherine Smith; and nieces and nephews.
A tribute to Catherine’s life was held on Monday, June 19, 2017 at 11 a.m. at New Beginnings Church, 630 S. Union St., Middletown, PA 17057, with Hospice Chaplain Timothy A. Nickel of Masonic Village officiating. There was a viewing from 10 a.m. until the hour of the service on Monday.
Interment was at Middletown Cemetery, Middletown.
In lieu of flowers memorial contributions may be made in Catherine’s name to her church.
The family has entrusted the care of the Matinchek Funeral Home and Cremation Services, Inc., 260 East Main St., Middletown, PA 17057 with the funeral arrangements.
Condolences may be sent online at:.This is a Esperanto dictionary. Simple and portable. Its Português/Esperanto - Esperanto/Português If you have some other languages and want it inside the dictionary, send me :)..
Nullsoft Easy Installer is a tool for quickly creating and updating installers using Nullsoft Scriptable Install System.).
A simple timer stopwatch.
This is a simple timer stopwatch written in C++ with the Qt framework, without any extra features. A program for minimalists.
The Virtual Access Foundation's Virtual Access Open Source (VAOS) is a well-established win32 mail news and collaborative conferencing tool. Modified BSD license. Please go to our homepage for more information and support.
Monitor trunk and hunt group and sends notification emails
This program monitor Avaya resouces such as trunk and hunt group, it sends notification emails when default conditions such as no available trunk or no login agent is found. It can be integrated with Nagios and graph can be plotted in Nagios web page.
Planning calendar for holy services
A planning calendar for scheduling holy services at small parishes. Synchronizes with GoogleCalendar so as to be able to collaborate with mobile devices.
Open Source Integrated Clinical Environment
As of 2015-06-23, this project may now be found at. A prototype reference implementation of the standard for the Integrated Clinical Environment (ASTM F2761-2009).
Page Update Watcher is a program that helps you monitor your favourite web pages for updates..
QNewsletterCreator is a program to manage your newsletters and recipients thereof. Since it is written with Qt, it is platform independent. The newsletter can consist of both html or plain-text and have attachments as well.
tinyManager is an Light, fast manager of customer. very small Customer Relationship Management.
CAMSEG SCM is an application designed to manage sales campaigns. It contains all the features required to manage the campaign data (customers, products, etc) and sales, including powerful Stock Management and report functionalities.
E-PunchClock Client/Server is a network Time Clock with a focus on simplicity. Based on the EZPunch Standard software by the same author, but designed as a client/server model.
Small signature generator for Microsoft Outlook, ideal for use in logon scripts. Outlook signature files are generated based on templates that pull data from Active Directory using LDAP. Also includes a wizard to generate the templates based on your exis
Cross platform, library for reading Microsoft access ( MDB / jet) databases, for data export and recovery.Living as I do in the middle of the American Rust Belt, whenever possible I like to patronize and promote local businesses. "Local Business Profile" is an occasional feature on this site in which I use this blog to highlight quality Toledo-area businesses. Have a suggestion for a future profile? Email me at mebrook@bgsu.edu .
I have been a regular customer at Toledo's Auto Connection for the better part of two decades now. The company has four Toledo-area locations and specializes in mufflers, brakes, and suspension work.
Originally I started using Auto Connection's location at Sylvania and Douglas out of convenience, as my old business office was right across the street at DeVeaux Village. Yet quickly I learned that the folks who run Auto Connection are honest business operators, and I exclusively take my cars to them for exhaust work because I know they will not rip me off. Between the money saved at a quality repair shop like Auto Connection and the cash one could save from shopping for cheap car insurance, a person could sock away quite a chunk of savings.
One time I drove up a car with an exhaust that sounded as loud as a diesel semi-trailer, and I expected to spend $150 or so on a new exhaust system. Instead, the manager explained that I really only needed a doughnut gasket, and after a mere 20 minutes and $20 I was back on the road.
I would bet that the counterman at one of the national chains would not have hesitated to sell me a tail pipe and muffler that I did not need. However, the guys at Auto Connection have always demonstrated a willingness to keep the costs down and bank instead on repeat business, which is probably why they have been around for so many decades.
I know that I have referred many friends and family members to Auto Connection, and if you are in need of quality exhaust, brake, or suspension work, look no further than the Auto Connection.
Oh, and I just returned from yet another positive experience with Auto Connection today, which is what prompted me to write this post. Excellent work, men!
0 Response to "Local Business Profile: Auto Connection"Out of all of the meals in the day, I feel as if breakfast always has the most hype. “It’s the most important meal of the day!” we hear everyone say. And, of course, they’re correct in a way. But we place so much emphasis on the sheer bulk of breakfast in its immense energy requirements, that we tend to overlook its composition.
My usual breakfast consists of cereal, which I contently munch on as I solve the childish riddles on the backs of the boxes. Which one of these shapes is not a Cheerio, eh? Oh, I’ve got it right! I must be such a genius.
Satisfied with my ability to answer questions that a first grader would be capable of, I silently chuckle to myself. My silly demeanor aside, I was discussing the importance and composition of breakfast.
But from what I’ve seen, the traditional American breakfast is far different than my own. Usually consisting of eggs in any shape, consistency, or form, toast, sausage, bacon, pancakes, waffles, oatmeal, fresh fruit, milk, and orange juice, this meal has enough food to make your head spin. At the saccharine-sweet syrup that is drizzled on pancakes and waffles and the crispy bacon that often laces plates, I like to joke that the traditional American breakfast is either sweety-or-meaty.
But I don’t say this to be mean-spirited. In fact, I am in awe of the sheer variety and ingenuity with which American breakfast is made. Take eggs, for instance. Poached, scrambled, fried, hard-boiled, served via an omelette, the numerous forms the small, golden yolk of an egg is capable of assuming is really a feat of nature. I would even go so far as to say that they are the glorious shape-shifters of food. And an American-styled breakfast ensures that this versatility is employed to its fullest extent.
Speaking of immensely versatile food, how could I go on without even mentioning the potato! From crispy fried, to mushy soft, to buttery baked, to many more, there is virtually no incorrect manner of consuming a potato. Aside from eating one raw, but really. Who would really be so lazy so as to not even attempt to heat the potato before eating it?
Let us briefly digress from potatoes and eggs to appreciate the American-style breakfast as a whole! Oh sweet, thick maple syrup! Oh light, fluffy pancakes! Oh crunchy cereal! [I would also praise the meat, but as I am a vegetarian, I will allow others to do that for me.] Oh scrumptious scrambled eggs! Oh, sweety-meaty breakfast, what would we do without you?Colossal is already playing in theaters but here’s a final trailer showing both the kajiu and the giant robot:
COLOSSAL
Plot synopsis:
Advertising
“A woman (Anne Hathaway) discovers that severe catastrophic events are somehow connected to the mental breakdown from which she’s suffering.”
There’s also a poster:
Do you root for the monster or for the robot? Why?
And here’s a new international poster:
Release date: April 7, 2017.
Update – A new poster from Japan:
:)Hotel Accommodation near Karimabad
Search 2 hotels in Karimabad
Collect 10 nights, get 1 reward night
And look out for Secret Prices on selected hotels
Where to stay in Karimabad
Where to stay in KarimabadWhether you plan to stay for a night or a week, Karimabad has the right hotel for you. We have 2 hotels, some with discounts of up to 10%.
When to visit KarimabadDWelcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
- Auguste Louis Lepère
1849–1918
born: Paris, France ; died: Domme, France
- Le sois apres la combat, 1914–1918
- Where object was made: France
- woodcut
- Image Dimensions Height/Width: 180 x 152 mm
Image Dimensions Height/Width: 7 1/16 x 6 in
Sheet/Paper Dimensions: 261 x 195 mm
Sheet/Paper Dimensions: 10 1/4 x 7 11/16 in
- Gift of Professor Eric Gustav Carlson
- Not on display
- 2014.1406
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Description
Image of several men lying on the ground, bound and tied to horses.Having honeybees around in our communities offers many benefits, from biodiversity to honey production and educational opportunities. These fluffy, chubby winged insects play a crucial role in the pollination of hundreds of vegetables, fruits, and oilseeds.
But wait a second! Did you know that you can actually keep honeybees in the City of Burnaby?
Urban beekeeping, or apiculture, refers to the practice of keeping honeybees for domestic or commercial purposes and has recently gained greater acceptance in urban environments.
The City of Burnaby supports urban beekeeping while also setting out a number of important rules that apiculturists, or beekeepers, should keep in mind.
Where in Burnaby can bees be kept?
There are seven Residential Zoning Districts (R1, R2, R3, R4, R5, R10, and R11) that permit beekeeping as an accessory use for residential purposes. Individual property lots can only be for single family dwelling and cannot be less than 15 metres in width or have areas of less than 6,000 square feet.
Agricultural Zones A1 (Agricultural District), A2 (Small Holdings District), and A3 (Truck Gardening District) also permit beekeeping for domestic and commercial purposes.
How many can be kept?
In participating Residential Zoning Districts, only two beehives and two nucleus colonies are permitted per each lot.
Where can I find out more?
The City of Burnaby distributes this handy flyer here outlining the basic of beekeeping within the municipality.
For more information on zoning districts and bylaws in the municipality, visit the City of Burnaby website:
Saturday, December 8, 2012
Feature: Urban Beekeeping
Labels: apiculture , Burnaby , bylaws , honey , urban beekeepingFriday, 07-10-16 06:57
Dear Bettina,
We would like to thank you for all the hard work you did getting our trip around Lake Constance together. You were patient and helpful under pressure from fellow travellers wanting their hands held on their first self guided tour.
Everything turned out very well and the bikes, hotels and food were excellent. The maps were good and we only got lost onece on the first day out of Bregenz.
Finding hotels was the only difficulty but we were probably tired at the end of the day.
Lake Constance was beautiful and the bike paths, friendly drivers and hotel staff made our trip memorable.
Thank you!
Thursday, 11-08-16 14:19
Dearest Claudia,
We are back home after the awesome ride trip that we had.
Everything was perfect, and the views were absolutely heaven.
We left the bikes in the hotel in Koblenz with big sorrow after understanding that the dream is ended. See one of the attached pictures…
We would like to thank you very much for your handling of the tour and your kindness for every question of mine (and there were many J).
Also, your advice to stay another night in Cochem was perfect…oh Cochem..oh Cochem.
This was our third ride with Donau Touristik and it will not be the last.
Please keep us updated with new routes and of course in the moment that you will publish the new 2017 catalog (hopefully with one of our pictures in it …J), please send it to use.
I will keep promote Donau Touristik among my friends.
Hope to hear from you soon.
Warmest and deapest regards,
Yael, Tomer and Benny Sela
Wednesday, 10-08-16 10:12
Dear Donau-Touristik Team!
Thank you to the whole team as this has to be one of our best holidays and we have had many! A special thanks to the couple at the bike hire, they were extremely friendly and very helpful.
Kind regards, Morris
Monday, 01-08-16 11:09
We all just wanted to say a massive thank you for your wonderful hospitality and the fantastic opportunity given to us.
Munich, trains, Linz, bikes, boats, beers 150 km, ice cream, sore bums, sore legs, going comando, piano playing, heinburg, vienna, sturovo, thunder, getting lost, maps, stopping/starting, selfies, vouchers, americans, bratislava, budapest, robert, germans, nuts, g&t, chas and dave, chatting, yellow ponchos, no rain/lots of sun, sunburn, castle, sexiest bar in town, long flat roads, the river danube, sunsets, e-bikes, packed lunches, planes, fantastic bunch, holidays, latte, cocktails, buses, airports, 4 countries/5 days, jacuzzi, sundeck bathing, statues, funicular railway, the freedom statue, random british/romanian man, british celebrities, standing or siting in the shower, rocky river boat, rhubard and custards, fizzy water, pedalling, easyjet, so many words but not enough to sum up an absolutely awesome trip.
Monday, 01-08-16 10:34
Dear Claudia,
This is the second day of iur tide tour.
I just wanted to inform you that everything is PERFECT for us.
The hotels are nice but more important the orhanization and views are wonderful.
Mit bestem regards,
Family SelaIn June 2014, Ohio Governor John Kasich signed a bill that froze Ohio’s Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) for two years. With the freeze lifting after 2016, Gov. Kasich called upon Ohio’s Energy Mandates Study Committee in 2015 to provide guidance on how to proceed with the state’s RPS. The 12-member legislative committee released its report in September 2015, recommending that the RPS be frozen indefinitely. Now, despite having signed the bill freezing the RPS in 2014, Gov. Kasich has taken the stance that gutting the state’s renewable mandates would be “unacceptable“, positioning himself for a fight with his General Assembly on the state’s clean energy goals.
Enacted in 2008, the Ohio Renewable Portfolio Standard establishes annual benchmarks for renewable energy procurement. The RPS sets the percent of electricity that must be generated from renewable energy resources by 2027. Within the overall RPS, a percentage must be fulfilled with solar resources. This solar carve-out establishes how many SRECs must be purchased by electricity suppliers. The overall RPS and solar carve-out were originally structured to increase annually between 2009 and 2024, but were frozen at 2014 levels through 2016. The RPS is currently frozen at 2.5%, with the solar carve-out at 0.12%. In the 2014 bill, the RPS schedule was revised to resume with a two year delay after the freeze, but it is possible that Gov. Kasich and Ohio’s General Assembly will now move the RPS in another direction.
SB310, the bill enacting the freeze, also removed the in-state RPS requirement and adjusted the Solar Alternative Compliance Payment (SACP) schedule. The freeze and concurrent changes made to the RPS resulted in devaluing OH-eligible SRECs, harming those who invested in solar in reliance on the state’s commitment to clean energy. Since the bill passed in mid-2014, the value of OH SRECs has dropped from $45 to as low as $15.
While Gov. Kasich claims that the original Renewable Energy Portfolio Standard is “unpalatable“, he has vowed that he would return the program back to its original state if the General Assembly refuses to unfreeze the program. But Ohio’s mixed record on renewable energy and the recent developments on the Clean Power Plan make the future of the RPS uncertain. For now, Ohio joins many other states in the tug-of-war battle over renewable energy policies, making 2016 an important year in shaping the states’–and country’s–clean energy future.
Tweet
Tags: CPP, OH, OH RPS, OH SREC"
cant?
timothy howard-
Virtus is pointing left, Iggy foward, Lucy right, and Zander backwards. (For the dog statues)!!!...An interview with Adam Machanic
At Tech Ed 2006 in Boston I cornered Adam for 45 mins and talked to him about SQL Server 2005, stored procedures, beer music and various other things. I finally got round to transcribing the interview. Enjoy!
-Tony Davis, Simple-Talk editor.
Adam is an independent database software consultant, based in Boston, Massachusetts. He has implemented SQL Server solutions for a variety of high-availability OLTP and large-scale data warehouse applications, and also specializes in .NET data access layer performance optimization. He is a SQL Server MVP, is co-author of Pro SQL Server 2005 and is currently in the process of solo-authoring “Expert SQL Server 2005”. He regularly speaks at user groups and community events.
Small talk
[TD] Tell me a little bit about what you’re up to right now, the sort of projects you’re working on at moment…
[AM] I work mainly with start ups and ISVs…most businesses I work with are smaller companies who bring me in at beginning of projects to help with development work, data architecture etc. I just started up a consulting firm called Data Manipulation Group, Inc. It’s just me at the moment but if I can find some people in the area (Boston) who are qualified they are welcome to email me and I’d love to talk to them.
[TD] It does sound like a busy time…because you’re also writing a book at the moment, right?
[AM] Yeah, it’s been (laughs wryly)…a tough process. Hopefully it will be out in November 2006 but progress has been a little slower than I anticipated. I’m fighting hard to maintain a very high quality level but I find I need a full day or two days solid focus on it otherwise it’s very hard to make good progress. And of course finding those solid blocks of time is incredibly difficult. It’s very different from writing an article…I can bang out a 4-5 page article in 2 hours, but the book…a page every two hours…if I’m lucky.
How 2005 changes things for developers and DBAs
[TD] I know you’ve already working quite extensively with 2005, and obviously playing with it quite a lot while writing the book…what’s your overall impression…what’s better/worse than in 2000? Have they made the DBMS easier to use, harder to use?
[AM] In my opinion SQL Server always has been and is still a very easy database to install and manage and, in fact, admin continues to get easier. Paul Flessner talked recently about the self-tuning, self administering database and I think they have taken it quite a way in that direction already. For small-to-medium databases…you really don’t need to do that much with it.
[TD] But surely 2005 has added considerable complexity…there are so many elements to it now…
[AM] It’s certainly true that you can’t really be a “SQL Server 2005 expert” in the same way you could be a 2000 expert. With 2000 it was possible to know pretty much everything there was to know about the database. With 2005 you can spend all your time just being a Service Broker expert or an Analysis Services expert. I know SSIS experts who don’t touch the relational engine…ever….and they make plenty of money. Same with Analysis Services and Reporting Services.
[TD] So how is all this affecting the “DBA-Developer divide”? Before I started doing SQL Server, I did quite a lot of work with Oracle so I guess that’s my reference point…in Oracle this divide was strong, with the DBA very much the “gatekeeper” and final arbiter of what could and couldn’t go on in the database…and developers often feeling they needed to subvert the DBA in order to get things done. I’ve never sensed that in SQL Server but wondered whether the complexity of 2005 would move things in this direction…
[AM] In my limited experience with Oracle…and I have to stress that it is limited…I found that managing Oracle is a lot harder that managing SQL Server. I worked in one company where we had two SQL Server DBA/developers and we were managing over 100 servers. We also had three Oracle servers and we had three Oracle DBAs…and these DBAs were constantly complaining at how underwater they were and had no time for anything…and there were two of us managing 40 times more servers without too much trouble.
Even installing Oracle seems difficult. I tried to install it and I had to get a DBA to come and help me for 4 hours to get it to install properly. Installing SQL Server is a 5 min job.
[TD] Oracle has never had a great rep for its usability…though that’s something that is changing with 10g. But even with SQL Server… 2005 is such a leap in complexity …surely the days of the one-man SQL Server shop, the guy who could do anything and everything, are coming to an end?
[AM] For small to medium systems, if you’ve done at least the basics right, then SQL Server will just run. A lot of the shops I go into run into problems because they didn’t even have a DBA…and they had grown beyond the point where they could cope with that. Eventually you do, but for small shops you still don’t really need a DBA and I think that’s the allure of SQL Server in many ways.
[TD] So what is “getting the basics right”?
[AM] It really is down to basic database design a lot of the time. You would not believe the number of shops I’ve gone into that didn’t have primary keys…they didn’t define a single PK, so there are no indexes in the database at all…no constraints on any of the data…
[TD] !!!????
[AM] It’s more common than you might think…it’s OK for me because I just come in, create a PK and the app is running 20x faster, and I’m the hero…but all I’ve done is what they should have done in the first place.
The inevitable stored procedure debate
[TD] In terms of application design, I know that you’re a big fan of using stored procedures. You’ve just written an article for Simple-Talk on the big stored procedure debate and it caused quite a bit of controversy and debate. Why do you think this topic so polarizing?
[AM] I think a lot of people are swayed by anecdotal evidence rather than actual experience. They heard someone had a bad experience with technique “x” and then they just brand “x” as “bad technology”. Also, there’s a bit of fanaticism around …if author “y” says stored procedures are bad then they must be bad–even if you don’t really understand the arguments. I happen to like stored procedures….probably because I’ve spent a so much of my time fixing problems with incorrect use of ad-hoc SQL!
[TD] There seem to be so many different strands to it…people talk about tying yourself in to SQL Server and having to make big changes to move to another database but I find that a tired argument…but I mean how many times do you actually need to migrate to another database?
[AM] The migration argument is very tired but not because it doesn’t happen a lot…it does…but because nobody using Oracle or DB2 or MySQL or any other platform is only going to use the standard SQL part of that platform. Everyone uses the vendor extensions anyway! And that’s because you have to. If you don’t you’re not fully utilizing the DBMS and your app will simply not perform as well
And even the standard SQL is not consistent from platform to platform so whatever it is you’re doing, you’ll need to make changes when you migrate. For example SQL Server fully “entry level” compliant to SQL-92 and supports bits and pieces of SQL-99…extensions such as recursive CTEs…and you can bet that Oracle will be different and DB2 different again.
[TD] I’ve always bought in to the idea that if you have logic protecting the data then the best place for it is in the database where it can’t be bypassed.
[AM] My rule is database as final arbiter of all matters data. Let the business tier deal with the business questions but if it’s a data question, put it in the database. That’s why I get into another set of arguments with people about business logic in database…I always ask them…well, what is business logic? They mumble a bit and generally have trouble answering.
That’s why I have a very tight definition of business logic that I live with. I partition things into data logic, business logic and application logic. Data logic is anything to do with data consistency, verifiability and integrity…the core data rules.
Above that we have the business logic. What do we do with the data, how do we manipulate the data to get the business answers that we require. This probably doesn’t belong in a stored procedure as often as it belongs somewhere else–i.e., in a business logic layer.
Then above that we have application rules…what color do I paint the UI? Where should this button show up? And so on. These are clearly UI questions and you want those as far out of the database as possible.
If you layer your application in this way you end up with solid data core that is verifiable and then you create multiple business layers over the data layer…all talking to the same data layer and following the same rules but answering different sets of questions independently of each other. Then if you like you can add multiple UI layers over those business layers. By properly layering you can eliminate dependencies and make yourself really flexible…but…that’s a long way off for some people.
What’s hot in 2005?
[TD] Before I came to Tech Ed, I spent some time on newsgroups and forums trying to seek out a common thread to the interest in SQL Server 2005 and came to conclusion that…there wasn’t one….there is just so much that is new that there seems to be no single issue that is more prominent than any other. Do you agree?
[AM] I spend a lot of time on newsgroups and forums. Most of last year things were really boring…I was answering the same questions over and over. The most common questions on forums were things like: how do I do dynamic parameters for a query? How do I concatenate string at a row/set-based level? I still see those questions…but suddenly a whole host of new questions are appearing.
[TD] So have you detected any particular “hot” areas?
[AM] The traffic on forums is kind of bursty. For example, I can log on to the CLR forum and find 20 questions posted in one day, then the next 3 weeks there will be none. Same goes for service broker. I never worked out how users all seem to arrive on the same topic simultaneously and then disappear again!
Initially there was a lot of interest in SQL CLR but now that has died out – I’m now seeing very few questions on that.
[TD] Why do you think that is?
[AM] I think people are still a little scared of the technology, but more than that… there really aren’t that many use-cases for it. A lot of the interest came from people who hadn’t really researched it. I’ve actually tried to use CLR on a couple of projects. I had a couple of scenarios where I thought it would be great but it turned out to have a few problems.
[TD] Performance-related?
[AM] Well there are cases where CLR will definitely out-perform T-SQL but you don’t tend to run into these cases that often. One example is heavy math — but not too many apps try to do heavy math in the DB…it’s done in the business tier so it becomes a non-issue.
Using CLR functions with regular expression is another popular sample that you see in books and online…but it turns out that if you filter data based on a regular expression from CLR UDF the optimizer can’t do anything with it and you end up with a table scan and horrible performance. This is a classic instance where you can have functionality or you can have performance – and for database apps, it’s performance every time.
Then there’s the 8000 byte limit on UDAs and UDTs…a lot of people are frustrated by that. It’s V.1 and it will be really interesting to see how it progresses but right now not that many people can use it.
[TD] If CLR, SSAS, SSIS, etc are the bells and whistles, what is the best really core new functionality that they have put in the database…what should a programmer be looking to exploit in their code right now?
[AM] For me the coolest thing is the new exception handling. I already did three migration projects this year and for the first one I really wasn’t up to speed on it, in the second I started to realize how useful it was and now I use it ALL the time.
[TD] What’s the primary difference?
[AM] Instead of just letting the error go up to the application you catch it in the database. If you care about the error you can log it right there. You don’t have to bubble it up to the app and tell the app to go back to the DB and log it. I usually catch the exception add a marker to it that says “I caught an exception here”, logging it and then throwing an exception back to the app. So the app knows an error occurs but I’ve already intercepted it, logged it, and maybe taken some corrective action. It’s amazing how many places you can fit it in to make your code more readable and flow a lot better, by handling exceptions in the data layer instead of the app.
That’s my number 1, but Service Broker is close behind. I’m working on an app now that has a lot of offline, disconnected asynch processes. They had written four different windows apps that would sit there and ping the DB from time to time waiting for a “start doing some work” message. We converted it all to SB and it all works amazingly well.
The database engine
[TD] Do you think the database engine is well instrumented? If you have made a mistake in your design that means your database is performing poorly, is it easy to find out exactly where the problem is? Again, taking Oracle as my reference point… if it is anything, the Oracle database is very well instrumented…you can get very granular, wait-based information out of the engine…you can find out exactly how long each small part of the whole operation took. That sort of capability wasn’t there in 2000 and I’m interested in how 2005 has changed that…if at all.
[AM] Yeah…I don’t think SQL Server is quite there yet. The new DMVs…Dynamic Management Views…are taking it a lot further and Profiler 2005 has added a whole host of new events, so you can get a lot more performance data out of the engine, but you still can’t get really granular information and it’s hard get it in real time.
[TD] OK, so you don’t often run into a performance issue and think…I can’t find where the problem is!
[AM] Yes that happens all the time! (laughs). In my experience, blocking issues are very common, as are IO issues.
[TD] Tell us a bit about the load tool you’ve developed to investigate execution times, IO stats and so on.
[AM] It’s currently a very simple load tool that I developed for readers of my book, to help people collect basic timing and IO statistics for themselves. It let’s you put in a batch of SQL or calls to stored procedures and call them in a loop. There is also a multi-threaded mode that let’s you have up to 200 simultaneous virtual users. Of course, when you’re testing SQL you don’t want same data to be queried over and over…because Server will just cache it. Performance will be great but guess what…you need to test the IOs. So the tool lets you substitute in values for parameters in the SQL. It runs a query and returns the values, then you can map those values into the queries that you are actually testing, so you can test a range of values instead of one value at a time.
[TD] Sounds very cool. Will future versions go any further then that? For example, provide stats on parsing and latching etc so you can gauge a solution’s likely scalability as well as performance?
[AM] At the moment, my tool just does very simple reporting on logical IOs – logical reads, which includes both physical and cache reads. It also gives CPU timing stats and total time reporting. It pulls these out using the simple SQL SET STATISTICS IO ON/TIME ON, and with the result of the query SQL Server sends back the stats, so this makes it very easy.
Going a step further I would have to latch into the tracing API and trace in the background while running a load and then correlate based on process IDs. But if I put that much work into it, it will move from the free product range to the paid product range…so I apologize to my readers in advance if that happens–but I plan to always maintain a free version, either way.
Is there life after SQL Server?
[TD] A bit of an off-the wall question …but if you suddenly found yourself working on Linux, which database would you use?
[AM] Easy question. Easy question. PostgresSQL. I’ve been studying it as much as possible in my spare time…I’ve installed it (on Windows as it happens). It’s an awesome DBMS and has some really cool features
[TD] You surely can’t mean that (mock horror)… it does some things better than SQL Server?
[AM] Oh yes. For example, it has a lot of index types that SQL Server doesn’t support. It also has this really interesting API that lets a user create their own index types…it’s an open index API. I’m not yet advanced enough to use it but you feed it an algorithm (e.g. tree algorithm) and it will index your data based on that. Very cool.
[TD] Do you ever see yourself making the switch?
[AM] I’m not tied to Windows/SQL Server. Well…I know it really well right now and it would be painful to switch but I’d be open to the idea. But right now I’m very happy in this space. I really enjoy it…it’s a great community to be in. You get a real sense for that…especially at conferences like PASS, where you really feel that you are part of something.
Winding down
[TD] So where are the best online resources? Which are the handful of places that you visit every day?
[AM] You mean apart from Simple-Talk.com of course (laughs)
[TD] Simple-Talk you say. Interesting. How do you spell that…S.I.M.P.L.E….(laughs)
[AM] Microsoft seem to be putting a lot of resources into making the MSDN forums (forums.microsoft.com/msdn) very high quality – they have a lot of really good MS guys answering questions there and I tend to visit them most days. I also hang around a bit on sqljunkies.com and answer questions on the forum. In all honesty I don’t actually surf round that much…I tend to stick to the sites I know.
[TD] What about outside of SQL Server. Any beer related sites? I know you’re a keen home-brewer…
[AM] I used to go to brewrats.org, but one of the best one is beeradvocate.com. Actually, though, a lot of the non-SQL Server stuff I read is food-related. One of the best sites out there is actually run by Kalen Delaney’s daughter -travelerslunchbox.com – where she posts recipes but also the background story to it, like where she found the recipe, plus some gorgeous photos of the food. It’s a really great site.
[…big cheer in background as Italy score against Ghana in the World Cup…]
[TD] So you are a keen cook?
[AM] Yes, mainly Asian food…Japanese, Indian…lots of spices!
[TD] I always wished I could cook a really good curry.
[AM] I actually created a great fish curry…I’ll send you the recipe and you can check it out.
[TD] Cheers Adam
[Ed Note: Adam did send me the recipe…I will try it out and report back soon in my blog]Articles
Fragmentary Notes on Mark’s Gospel (chap. 2-3)
The Lord moves around to the people teaching and healing so we might see who He really is and believe rather than object.
Fragmentary Notes on Mark’s Gospel (Mark 1)
A New Year’s resolution from Mark 1: keep picking men, praying to God, preaching the gospel, and providing needs.
Highlights and Lowlights from 2017
With nothing else to do, here’s my subjective list of “top ten stories” for 2017.
Unto Us a Son Is Given!
A Savior given only to the well-off could hardly be a Savior for us all.
Dhati Lewis’ “Among Wolves” (Book Review)
We give Dhati Lewis’ book Among Wolves 4/5 rocking chairs–a great book for reading on the porch!
Urban Apologetics 3: Collective Restoration and Well-Being
Black people know we are not physically, psychologically, socially or economically well. Sometimes people in urban communities blame Christianity with being a major player in the destruction of Black well-being.
“Simon the Cyrenian Speaks” by Countee Cullen
A gospel- and culture-inspired work from Harlem Renaissance poet Countee Cullen
Humility and Reconciliation
Biblical humility serves as the building block of reconciliation efforts.
Front Porch Gossip (21 Oct. 2017)
Some good links and tweets gathered this week!
Singleness Is Not a Curse
Don’t let marriage become an idol. Significance does not come from marriage. Significance and purpose come from the Lord Jesus Christ..Music: A breath of fresh air
Talvin Singh tells Mark Espiner why his vocal piece will blow opera-goers away
St Martin’s Lane might not immediately seem a natural home for the 33-year-old Anglo-Asian who won the Mercury prize in 1999. But next week, in a commission from Alex Poots — the producer who pioneered the Barbican’s inspirational Only Connect series and has been appointed by ENO’s artistic director and chief executive, Sean Doran, to galvanise the company’s contemporary programming — Singh will present the 80-minute Voxygen. If you ’re not asphyxiated by the blunt marketing of the title (it’s sponsored by O2 mobile phones), it promises to be an unusual musical event.
The electronica composer and tabla player is best known for his work with Björk and Madonna, and for setting up the influential Hoxton nightspot Anokha, where his inspired playing helped create drum’n’bass.…To Our Dedicated CRT Stakeholders and Friends,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, Mickae, and myself we want to wish everyone a very happy Holiday Season and prosperous and healthy New Year.
CRT advocacy cannot be successful without you! We are sincerely grateful for all who have given their support and their time in order to protect access to CRT for people with disabilities. While there is always more to do, we are seeing real progress as a result of everyone’s efforts and we should all take encouragement from that.
We hope you have a wonderful Holiday Season and look forward to continuing to increase awareness and support for CRT in 2018!
Best Regards,
Don
Donald E. Clayback
Executive Director | NCART
Office 716-839-9728 | Cell 716-913-4754
dclayback@ncart.us |Boho wall decor, handpainted wooden Dreamcatcher, with feathers. Shop it in my online etsy store with handmade items, jewelry and decorations🌴🌸
Wooden boho, sun dreamcatcher, painted in hand and with feathers on both sides.
I use brown rope to stabilise the wood and to be easier to hang it on your wall. It has many colors, such as white blue, yellow and some copper details.
The sun in the middle is a beautiful detail and gives out positive vibes☀
Dreamcatchers originated with the Ojibwe people and were later adopted by some neighboring nations through intermarriage and trade.
Traditionally, the Ojibwe.Study & Master Agricultural Sciences Learner's Book Teacher's Guide
Written by Altus Strydom, Henricho Ferreira, Karoline Hanks
Illustrated by
Part of the CAPS Agricultural Sciences Series
Synopsis
Study & Master Agricultural Sciences Learner's Book Teacher's Guide by Altus Strydom, Henricho Ferreira, Karoline HanksStudy & Master Agricultural Sciences Grade 10
352 pages
Author
Altus Strydom, Henricho Ferreira, Karoline Hanks
More books by Altus Strydom, Henricho Ferreira, Karoline Hanks
Publisher
Cambridge University Press
Publication date
1st January 2011
ISBN
9781107630758?The time has come to answer the call of your wild self, where your truest yearnings find their natural expression and your innate potential is waiting to be liberated.
Kelly is a dynamic and engaging speaker who is ready to lead workshops, present lunch and learns, or give keynote talks.
Kelly is an experienced certified MentorCoach who offers private 1:1 coaching programs, customized to suit your unique needs.
Kelly's award-winning What's Your Spirit Animal? is available at Amazon and Barnes & Noble and may be ordered in bulk from the author.
As a professional speaker, author, and mentor/coach, my aim is to inspire you to be fully known to yourself. By engaging in practical yet powerful tools, such as identifying your animal archetypes, discovering your path of power, and uncovering your core obstacles, you will enter a transformative process like none other. It will refocus your perspective, spotlight your gifts, and give you the courage to reclaim your power.
The core of my work draws upon the intelligence and wisdom of both the animal world and your own inner wisdom. As you embrace the attributes of your own animal archetype (or spirit animal), it will lead the way to a clearer vision of who you are. The focus is on the restoration of personal power.
This journeying process is profound, life changing, and a whole lot of fun. Ready to get set and go wild?
Kelly’s “What’s Your Spirit Animal?” guidebook and card deck have quickly become part of my ‘daily guidance’ tools. I use them not just for ‘spiritual maintenance’ but as my go-to resource for clear thinking and problem-solving. What an innovative tool to help connect with one’s intuition!Startups have unique needs for marketing and advertising. Entrepreneurs know that in the early stages of development, a startup needs to advertise to a select group of investors to pitch concepts. After securing key investors and solidifying a business concept, a startup transitions into the implementation phase. As the business grows, the startup may need to secure vendors, suppliers and distributors for specific goods and services. Once products and services are ready for deployment, advertising dollars can be shifted to target potential customers. A micro-PR campaign recognizes these distinct stages of a startup and targets advertising to the right area at the right time.
Large PR firms offer broad-based multimedia approaches. These advertising campaigns include a blitz of online marketing, press releases, radio and television ads. A micro-PR campaign can include targeted social media outreach while the business is gaining traction, and can be monitored and scaled appropriately. Once a certain level of customer base is developed, a micro-PR campaign might shift to email marketing. If the startup is growing enough to support a larger advertising budget, more traditional mailers or radio advertisements may be appropriate.
Traditional advertising campaigns are expensive. Micro-PR campaigns can be instituted for critical periods of time to make the most of a limited advertising budget. Targeted micro-PR campaigns can be released and measured immediately to track performance. When the marketing message is not reaching the intended audience, advertising dollars can be redistributed quickly to channels that are performing well.
Micro-PR campaigns are a smart move for startup success. Entrepreneurs can scale the scope of advertising to match each phase of business growth, and target specific audiences with relevant messages. In addition to saving money, micro-PR campaigns help businesses build a niche gradually and secure customers based on reputation – not gimmicks.
[…] on shanebarker.com Share this:TwitterFacebookLike this:LikeBe the first to like […]Your domain name is how people find you online, so choosing the right one for your website can seem overwhelming at first. But don’t get intimidated — as the largest domain registrar,.
Another option is to choose something unique — a domain that’s exclusively yours and makes you stand out from the crowd. With this type of domain name, clients will be sure to remember you. And when you work with JOEUSA.com there are HUNDREDS of domain extensions you can register, and we continue to release new ones like .guru or .xyz. The possibilities just keep growing and growing..Jeffrey Gundlach, the widely followed investor who runs DoubleLine Capital, repeated a December warning on Monday that the dramatic slowdown in global growth will trigger a collapse in some credit funds, saying that the high-yield “junk” bond market still has not hit bottom. “Credit fund bankruptcies are coming,” said Gundlach, who warned in December that the Federal Reserve might regret raising rates because of deteriorating financial conditions. “It’s not a market to be flopping around in. The trends are relentless and powerful.” Gundlach, in emailed comments to Reuters, said: “Clearly, weaker-than-hoped-for global growth is the major factor in this weakness” in credit markets. “That and the credit overload I have been warning about ad nauseum.” Gundlach said the CBOE Volatility index .VIX needs to be above 40 before a bottom can be made in the high-yield junk bond market. On Monday, the VIX was up 16.4 percent at 27.21. The VIX, known as Wall Street’s fear gauge, has not touched 40 since late August. The collapse last year of Third Avenue Management, a near $1 billion junk bond fund which marked the biggest failure in the U.S. mutual fund industry since the height of the financial crisis in 2008, had ignited concerns that less liquidity in the corporate bond market would cause more volatility. “This is not a trader’s market,” Gundlach said. “It is a freight train that you want to stay in sync with. There’s too much order and belief in markets in spite of big losses.”
Source: DoubleLine’s Gundlach calls market trends ‘relentless and powerful’ | ReutersWelcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
-
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Multimedia
- Description
- Inscriptions/Signature
The white bowl has gently flared sides and a slight flare at the rim. The interior is glazed with a starburst-like design of yellow, purple and blue.Functionally similar to distcc wherein it takes compile jobs from a build and distributes it to different remote machines for a parallel compile job, Icecream is a little different from distcc as it employs a central server that dynamically schedules compile jobs to fastest available servers.
SUSE noted in the release announcement that there are no major improvements in 1.0.0 as compared to 0.9.7 except for the inclusion of support for Clang compiler and its plugins. “…there of course have been some fixes and improvements since version 0.9.7, and in fact even one larger feature found its way in, out-of-the-box support for the Clang compiler, including support for its plugins”, reads the release announcement.
More information about Icecream design and installation process along with the development repository can be found on GitHub..
Fruit, water and a touch of cane sugar. 60 calories per pop. Non GMO Project verified. nongmoproject.org. Dairy-free. Certified gluten-free. Vegan.loe's Soft Serve Fruit, a perfect combination of fruit, water and a touch of cane sugar. Blended in a soft serve machine, this resulted in a creamy, clean frozen treat. Chloe's Soft Fruit Pops are our Soft Serve Fruit on a stick, and as my kids call it, the cool way to eat fruit. Taste the difference and love what you eat! - Chloe. chloesfruit.com. Facebook: chloesfruit. Twitter at chloesfruit. Instagram at chloesfruit. The cool way to eat fruit.
Mango Puree (Mangoes, Lemon Juice), Water, Organic Cane Sugar.
|
You must have at least one item on your Shopping List to use Personal Shopping.I am sitting in my kitchen in a wing back chair that is stuffed between that couch and our pantry. There is only one piece of furniture in our living room, and absolutely nothing in either of the girls’ rooms. The back porch, hallway, and our bedroom are crammed full of children’s clothes, dresser drawers, and side tables. All of this so that we could have three rooms of carpets cleaned.
MONTHS ago I bought an online deal for carpet cleaning. We have potty trained 2 1/2 kids in this house and the cleaning needed to be done; the marker on the carpet was just the kick in the pants needed to get the job done.
When I called at the end of January to make an appointment, they told me they were booked until May. My Daily Deal expired April 24! (yes, that’s today) The lady talked to her supervisor and they tacked on an appointment for me today. I asked a few questions and hung up thrilled that the plan was in place and our lives would barely be affected since someone professional was coming in to do the job.
Last week I realized that I couldn’t very well move all the furniture myself and I asked Jeremy to take a couple hours off to get the place ready. At 3:00pm today I realized that our house has eight rooms – two are bathrooms, three were having their carpets cleaned, and the other three were overflowing with furniture. This was only a concern because we have three children who needed somewhere to be. AND it came to my attention that the carpets would be damp and our children would need somewhere to sleep tonight.
My precious Honey came home at 4:00 and rearranged the mess so that there would be places for everyone to sleep. Bubba’s bus dropped him off just minutes before the cleaning folks arrived and our Landlord chose that exact time to arrive with his son-in-law to replace the garbage disposal. CHAOS AND CRAZINESS!
But, now it’s all “over”. The kids and I went through a drive-thru and to a park for a picnic dinner before coming home for baths and bedtime. KB is asleep on a mattress on Bubba’s floor and Little is sleeping on a mattress by our bed. The carpets are clean, the disposal is new, and from where I am sitting all is well in the world. Of course my view IS obstructed by a couch. . .
How do they look? Are you walking on them yet or just making your kids play in the non-carpeted area for a few days so the carpet stays nice?Tuesday, October 11, 2011
Star Wars Thanksgiving
[As transcribed by Daddy]
Happy Thanksgiving! Daddy gets the day off from work, and I get the day off from school! Awesome! I spent the morning keeping Mommy awake - she was up in the night with Dennis, who was sick inside the house. A lot.
Mommy buckled down and started cooking the big thanksgiving dinner... Daddy and I took a walk over to the drug store for some medicine for Dennis, and discussed Star Wars pretty much the whole time. Then we came home, ate lunch, and watched the last movie in the Star Wars series! It was great!
Uncle Armour arrived for dinner, which we all had at Gammy and Grampa's house. It was pretty delicious... I ate my weight in pumpkin pie. Great job, Gammy and Mommy!
Star Wars was awesome.
Listening to: Ben Folds - Fifty-Five VaultTheFatRat
TheFatRat a Massive Exploiting Tool Revealed
An protection .
Automating metasploit functions
- Create backdoor for windows , linux , mac and android
- bypass antivirus backdoorr
- Checks for metasploit service and starts if not present
- Easily craft meterpreter reverse_tcp payloads for Windows, Linux, Android and Mac and another
- Start multiple meterpreter reverse_tcp listners
- Fast Search in searchsploit
- Bypass AV
- File pumper
- Create backdoor with another techniq
- Autorunscript for listeners ( easy to use )
- Drop into Msfconsole
- Some other fun stuff 🙂
Autorun BackdoorAut ?HOW CHANGE THE ICONS ?
- Copy your icon picture to folder /TheFatrat/icons
- Change the name into autorun.ico
- And Replace
- Done
📜 Changelog📜 Changelog
Be sure to check out the [Changelog] and Read CHANGELOG.md
Getting StartedGetting Started
git clone
cd TheFatRat
chmod +x setup.sh && ./setup.sh
📖 How it works📖 How it works
- Extract The lalin-master to your home or another folder
- chmod +x fatrat
- chmod +x powerfull.sh
- And run the tools ( ./fatrat )
- Easy to Use just input your number
A linux operating system. We recommend :A linux operating system. We recommend :
- Kali Linux 2 or Kali 2016.1 rolling
- Cyborg
- Parrot
- BackTrack
- Backbox
❗️ READ❗️ READ
- if prog.c file to large when create backdoor with powerfull.sh , you can use prog.c.backup and create another backup when you running option 2
Update FatratUpdate Fatrat
- To update fatrat go to your TheFatRat folder and execute :
git pull && chmod +x setup.sh && ./setup.sh
- To Update from 1.9.3 Version and up , execute on your fatrat folder :
./update && chmod +x setup.sh && ./setup.sh
Tutorial  ?BUG ?
- Submit new issue
- pm me in gmail
- Hey sup ? do you want ask about all my tools ? you can join me in telegram.me/offscreetsec
Disclaimer
Note: modifications, changes, or alterations to this sourcecode is acceptable, however,any public releases utilizing this code must be approved by writen this tool ( Edo -m- ).
Source: Github
Olivier Jobard has been a member of Agence M.Y.O.P. since 2012.
Previously he was a member of the SIPA Press agency for 20 years.
He has reported from many theaters of war: Croatia, Bosnia, Chechnya, Afghanistan, Sudan, Sierra Leone, Liberia, Ivory Coast, Colombia, Iraq etc.
In 2000 he visited the Sangatte refugee camp. Here, he met Afghans, Chechens, Iraqis, Bosnians, Kosovars and Somalis, all of whom had been cast into exile because of wars at home. These were the same countries to which Jobard had voluntarily travelled to cover news stories. He had passed by these people without seeing them, concentrating only on the event.
Taking account of this, his photographic approach evolved towards a long-term projects. He met Kingsley in Cameroon in 2004 and documented his clandestine journey from Africa to France. An eponymous book was published by Marval Publishing in 2006.
Then for two years Olivier Jobard focused his work on "Fortress Europe": from Ukraine to Poland, from Turkey to Greece, from Syria to the island of Lampedusa, he has documented the many clandestine migration routes leading to Europe’s borders. From this project a traveling exhibition "Exile, Exit?" was conceived.
In 2015, he published Kotchok (Robert Laffont) in collaboration with the journalist Claire Billet. For this project, the pair integrated a group of illegal migrants from Afghanistan and shared their journey to France. This is a unique book, and documentary film, tracing the entire route of the migrants and their sparse everyday life.
Having documented immigration experiences for over ten years, today it is the integration of immigrants into their host countries that is the focus of his photographic work.
Olivier Jobard is the laureate of numerous awards, including the Visa d'Or News in 2004 and the Visa d'Or Magazine in 2011, the World Press Photo in 2005, the Emmy Award for best documentary for Kingsley's Crossing in 2007, and the ESJ Lille Prize in 2013.
His work has been exhibited in France (Visa pour l'Image in Perpignan, Rencontres de la Photographie in Arles, BNF François Mitterand, Festival des Etonnants Voyageurs in Saint-Malo, Metz Arsenal) and abroad (Open Society Foundation in New York, Contemporary Cultural Center of Barcelona, Nederlands Fotomuseum of Rotterdam).
+33 (0)1 42 33 82 35
bureau@myop.frDon't delay, hiring managers are reviewing candidates looking for administrative officer entry level job opportunities in boise, idaho. Enter your keyword and location to begin your job search. To refine your search results, use the job listings filters on the left after doing a keyword search. You'll find several job opportunities in boise, idaho are listed below in the administrative officer industry. You can explore career opportunities with AfterCollege. Entry level opportunities are now available for the administrative officer industry in boise, idaho.
Not seeing the job you want? Search for your dream entry level job today.
Fresh job related news content.This unruly worker is suffering from radiation madness and now you have to pay the ultimate gruesome price this Halloween!
This horrifyingly grotesque costume includes a yellow Hazmat bodysuit with tattered and torn edges, a matching hood, a gruesome burned and bloody mask, a pair of black gloves, and a sleeve with burned skin print. 5-Piece set. Machine wash. Polyester. Imported.
Does not include boots.
The following items are pre-ordered items. Pre-ordered items are estimated to ship 1-2 business days after the in-stock date listed. View more details in our FAQ sectionOne of my favorites by Driftwood. We got to this concert nice and early so we got killer seats, as you can see.
I didn’t catch the very beginning of the song, and I fidget a bit at the start of the video trying to find a comfortable position to film.(February 2008)
The inquirer has asked whether or not he may include on his website pictures of himself and celebrity friends from the sports, entertainment and political fields. At least some of people depicted are the inquirer's clients. The inquirer does not plan to use any caption on the photographs. The inquirer has added that one of the purposes of displaying the photographs is to demonstrate to viewers of his website that he is acquainted with and familiar with high profile individuals.
The Committee believes that the use of such photographs would violate Pennsylvania Rule (the "Rules") of Professional Conduct 7.2(d) which provides that "no advertisement or public communication shall contain an endorsement by a celebrity or public figure." The comments to 7.2(d) state that "[t]he prohibition against endorsement by a celebrity or public figure is consistent with the purpose of Rule 7.1 to avoid the creation of an unjustified expectation of a particular legal result on the part of a prospective client."
Because no caption or explanation of the photographs is intended, one might argue that the intended message is benign, but that is plainly not so. The usage of the photographs in the manner described would violate this provision in that the clear intent of their use is to imply either that the prominent persons depicted have endorsed the usage of the lawyers’ services, and/or that the inquirer’s association with prominent figures enables him to achieve better results than lawyers not associated with such persons.
This view is consistent with prior Committee deliberations on this topic. Previously the Committee has concluded that the use of a verbal endorsement or comment by a local sports celebrity in an attorney’s advertisements would constitute an implied endorsement and thus be a violation of Rule 7.2(d).
Moreover, the Committee believes that it is also worth noting that the usage of the photographs may also implicate Rule 1.6 which provides that, "[a] lawyer shall not reveal information relating to representation of a client unless the client gives informed consent, except for disclosures that are impliedly authorized in order to carry out the representation, . . ." The inquirer has not stated whether he will request permission to use the photographs from the individuals depicted. If he did not do so, then use of the photographs of clients could constitute a violation of Rule 1.6 in that it would be revealing information regarding a client, specifically that the person is a client, without that client's permission. The inquirer could solve that problem by obtaining the client's informed consent to do so, but in that case, it seems to the Committee very likely that obtaining the required informed consent as to the purpose of the use of the photographs in fact confirms that the inquirer is trying to imply some type of endorsement by the celebrity.
For all the foregoing reasons, The Committee holds that the usage of the photographs in the manner discussed would violate the Pennsylvania Rules of Professional Conduct..The NC Mountain State Fair celebrates the people, agriculture, art and tradition that make the NC mountain region so great. The NC Mountain fair is at the WNC Agricultural Center at 1301 Fanning Bridge Rd. in Fletcher, NC. It starts Friday Sept. 6 and runs thru Sept. 15, 2013. For more info go to:
The NC Mountain State Fair Starts Friday Sept. 6!Lake Placid
My name is Joann
Adirondack Lifestyle on Instagram
Search Adirondack Lifestyle
Whiteface Toll Road trail running foliage Adirondack Great Camp Real Estate Nordic skiing deer Snow Pics Moose Summer Spring outdoor living Whiteface Mountain Wildlife maple syrup Seasons wellness weather Mt. Van Hoevenberg Adirondack Lifestyle Wellness Theory hiking Fall Adirondack Real Estate Market outdoor recreation backcountry skiing holidays nature Wildflowers The Adirondack Lifestyle swimming outdoors eye candy Ziggy Mt. Marcy Adirondack views Fall foliage Alpine skiing Snow skiing Lake Placid cross-country skiing Telemark Tuesday Lake Placid Real Estate yogaDescrição
In Phillip Schlechty's best-selling book Working on the Work, he outlined a motivational framework for improving student performance by improving the quality of schools designed for students. Engaging Students offers a next-step resource in which Schlechty incorporates what he's learned from the field and from the hundreds of workshops he and the Schlechty Center staff have conducted since WorkingBack In Stock
Pretty Kitty Pantyhose
$16.00
$16.00
Purebreads Cat Bread Cutter Stamp
$9.59 (was $12)
$9.59 (was $12)
Red Skull Collection Cardigan Sweater
$41.69 (was $52)
$41.69 (was $52)
Retro Rosebud Polka Dot Sweetheart Dress
$42.59 (was $53)
$42.59 (was $53)
Retro Tattoo Coloring Book
$14.95
$14.95
Tattooed Mermaid Pin-Up Parasol
$20.89 (was $26)
$20.89 (was $26)
Sassy Sea Siren Wallet
$14.39 (was $18)
$14.39 (was $18)
Seahorse and the Siren Necklace
$15.19 (was $19)
$15.19 (was $19)
Shimmering Peacock Flocked Dress in Teal
$62.79 (was $78)
$62.79 (was $78)Create new account | My Profile | My Account | My Bookmarks | My Inbox | Help | Log in
Site search
Web search
Advanced search
Thu Oct 4, 2012, 04:18 AM
graham4anything (11,464 posts)
4 replies, 3265 views
Reply to this thread
Back to top Alert abuse
Response to graham4anything (Original post)
Thu Oct 4, 2012, 04:19 AM
graham4anything (11,464 posts)
Reply to this post
Back to top Alert abuse Link here
Permalink
Thu Oct 4, 2012, 04:21 AM
Thu Oct 4, 2012, 04:23 AM
ilikeitthatway (135 posts)
Response to ilikeitthatway (Reply #3)
Thu Oct 4, 2012, 04:28 AM
About | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of service | Contact
In Memoriam
© 2001 - 2018 Democratic Underground, LLC. Thank you for visiting.Mandarin Oriental, Marrakech is offering guests an opportunity to discover the Red City’s finest cultural spectacles with a new luxury accommodation package.
By booking the resort’s 'A Day at the Museum' offer,
The Ô de Rose Spa at Mövenpick Hotel Mansour Eddahbi Marrakech has been announced as "Best Luxury Hotel Spa in Africa" and "Best Luxury Wellness Spa in Morocco".
The distinctions were awarded by the
PEPS,My memory seems to be going bad. I am having a lot more ‘Why did I come into this room?” moments. I start writing something only to realize I’ve written it before. Worse, someone else has written it; what I think is original material is merely parroting.
I blame my lack of sleep. Nowadays getting proper amounts of sleep is the panacea for all ills.
Last Sunday I decided to nap for 30 minutes. Several hours later I woke feeling delirious but much better thank you.
I hope with less ‘homework to do’ my hummingbird brain will have sufficient time in the evening for itself. This will hopefully lead to a more decent hour’s bed time.
The Personal Trainer is probably right: my sleep deprivation is not from work but from iphone. I need to put the damn thing down after 9PM. This is something I would slap my patients silly for doing themselves. Physician, heal thyself!
Perhaps my faulty memory is more from too much work. I feel like a pad of butter that has been spread out on too much bread.
Whatever, sleep should do me good regardless.
“When in doubt, get horizontal” is my motto.
June 7, 2011 at 2:25 AM
Rick
Nothing like a good power nap to get your afternoon rolling
June 7, 2011 at 3:15 AM
Cubby
It’s so hard to tell from that shot, but it looks a little like you shaved your beard down to a goatee.
June 7, 2011 at 5:04 AM
Urspo
older photo!
June 7, 2011 at 3:16 AM
Laurent
Love that thought when in doubt get horizontal, you give great advice.
June 7, 2011 at 4:05 AM
delyuro
Thanks Spo Snooze. I feel a helluvah lot better since reading your thoughts. I too forget most things most times and it seems to be geting worse. I reckon this insomnia thing is a universal problem. NOTHING beats a really good night’s sleep. Love the pic of you and your dog. Hope your sleepless nights improve. I would take the advice from your trainer. Far far too much time spent on cell phones, emails, ipods etc. etc. can drive you straight to the loony bin.
June 7, 2011 at 4:17 AM
Peter
Harper will show you what to do. Taking naps, licking your own… [Sorry, Harper is a girl], takings naps again. 😉
June 7, 2011 at 4:27 AM
Tiger Chanter
Yes, by all means put the iPhone down! 🙂
June 7, 2011 at 5:30 AM
Jay
Zzzzzzzzz I do that all the time. I seem to fall asleep best when I read a book. The recliner has something to do with it I am sure.
June 7, 2011 at 5:36 AM
Nik_thegreek
Love this: “When in doubt, get horizontal”
Is that what you normally advise your patients? :-p
If you do, you’ll probably end up in TV!
June 7, 2011 at 7:15 AM
raybeard
The next stage is the increasing frequency of one standing up from sitting down, and forgetting what one got on one’s feet for. But you’ve got a lot of years yet before that starts happening, haven’t you? (Of course you have!)
June 7, 2011 at 9:40 AM
jefferyrn
Poppies will make you sleep.
June 7, 2011 at 12:10 PM
Aunt Barb
Maybe dogs are smarter than their owners?!
June 7, 2011 at 1:57 PM
jason
I wholeheartedly agree with wha……zzzzzzzzzzzz
June 7, 2011 at 6:02 PM
Birdie
Oh! The comment box is down here now! Almost didn’t see it.
I LOVE the picture of you and Harper. I can totally see how the iPhone is the culprit; I have a hard time putting my own down. I hope that time is the cure for its fascination. But there’s always Scrabble…
June 7, 2011 at 8:59 PM
wcs
Just wait until you’re eleventy-one.
June 8, 2011 at 6:46 AM
Urspo
Next month, it seems !
June 8, 2011 at 3:37 PM
Ron
I agree with Rick, an afternoon power nap is in order. You will be surprised at how well that refreshes your brain and body. If I don’t have my daily nap, I’m like a wind up clock that has wound down. I’m no good to anybody, least of all my self. You need a Spo Nap..
Panel..
Chancellor Feldman and Michael B. Hayes, chair of the Young Lawyers Division, will appear on "The Philadelphia Focus with Brad Segall" on Sunday, April 30. The program on 98.1 FM WOGL airs from 6 to 7 a.m. Feldman and Hayes will discuss Law Week and the recent success of the Raising the Bar campaign..
Dennis Young and Shanese Johnson, both members of the YLD Executive Committee, will appear live on WHAT 1340 AM from 5:30 to 6:15 p.m. on Monday, May 1 to discuss Law Week events with Thera Martin Connelly.
Michael Hayes will be interviewed on KYW 1060 AM on Wednesday, May 3 about the May 3 Law Fair at the Gallery at Market East..Hotel Accommodation near Assumption
Search 0 hotels in Assumption
Get Secret Prices on selected hotels
These prices aren’t available to everyone.
Where to stayStatus: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Owosso Yellow Pages ...find local info, white pages, demographics and more using Areaconnect Owosso
Located in The Mitchell Medical Center - Suite
Certified Vascular Lab
General & Vascular Surgery
Be the first MLive.com user to add photos or videos of Owosso Surgical Associates
Welcome to Owosso Surgical Associates. Our general surgery specialists, Walid Azmeh, MD and J. M. Vachhani, MD, MBA perform a wide variety of surgical services. In addition to abdominal surgery of the internal organs such as the intestines, stomach, small bowel, colon, liver and gallbladder, our surgeons also offer a variety of breast surgery services. Most surgeries are performed...
Welcome to Memorial Surgical Associates. General surgery specialist Richard Shulz, DO, MBA, FACOS performs a wide variety of surgical services. Memorial Surgical Associates provides services to patients ages 3 and over.Wallbridge Lower Lock Gates in place
The combined expertise of Graham Construction, Hargreaves Lockgates, Ellis Cranes and the Stroud District Council Canal Team, swung into action at Wallbridge Lower Lock on Thursday 12th October. The delicate operation to place the gates in position at the western end of the lock commenced at 8am.
Challenges met — Progress made
Dave Marshall, Stroud District Council’s Canal Project Manager commented, “This site has presented us with some challenges. Good team work and professional expertise has helped us to meet those challenges and make good progress.
“The next step is the fitting of the locally designed and manufactured paddle gear assemblies. This work will be carried out by Cotswold Canals Trust Western Division Volunteers led by Les Morris.”
Full report follows
A full report with photos and video from CCT’s Mike Gallagher and Robert Paget will follow soon.Anorak's Corner
Disc Reviews
Shades Of Soul Magazine 00-04
SHADES OF SOUL #28 - July '99
Jesse Davis - So Full Of Love - Jaboth 4001
To start with, if you don't already know, and due to his voice one might be forgiven, Jesse is in fact black, as confirmed on the extremely rare picture-cover for his Revere disc, "There's Room For Me". OK, that said, y'all should all know (and love) by now Jesse's "There's Room...", along with the stonking "Gonna Hang On In There" and possibly the not so significant, "You Don't Need A Crown" both on Era, but are you aware of this one? Out of Los Angeles, and penned by Jimmy Holiday and Rene Hall, who was also responsible for the arrangement, here's another potential Northern hit from our erstwhile hero. So, answer me this one, as all the credits are well known people that would attract most Soul fans, as would the label with its "Modern" appearance, why hasn't this one turned up - 'cause it's bloody rare? "But is it any good, Dave?", I hear you cry?! Well, cross "There's Room...", with Tommy Mosely's "For Her Love" on Uptown, and there you have it - would you appreciate that combination?! Coincidentally, "For Her..." also features Holiday and Hall within its credits, and Tommy also recorded for Era - wow it's like being Sherlock Holmes this collecting lark! An ever present organ gently breathes away in the background, whilst a haunting French horn announces the arrival of Jesse informing us that, "Every boy needs a girl, every woman needs a man", as he starts to spin the tale of his search for true love. "How long must I wonder, how long must I cry", and "Won't you please send me someone, 'cause I'm so full of love", now ain't that sad!? The faultless production also features a female chorus thrown in, rounding it off nicely. I picked this one up in the late eighties and have never seen or heard of another copy since it's been on my shelves. Hence, in my opinion, it deserves to be just as expensive as his Revere disc - by the way, anyone want to sell me a white demo of that one, Carl?!
Tony Daniels - I Won't Cry - Beval 501
A very tidy and classy Detroit piece, from the man who brought you "How Lonely" on Sport. Known to some collectors of that particular City's Soul output, it came to light via a Martin Koppell tape from many, many moons ago. This one has remained very rare with possibly only 3 or 4 copies on these shores, if that, not helped by the fact that it is a $500+ disc for the Doo-Wop flip side, "Drip drop". The song is about how he's gotten over the break up with his woman, which is performed quite well by Tony, with ample male group vocal support performing some tight harmonies behind him. "When I first met you, my heart was in pain, but your bad lovin' almost drove me insane", but he's strong, "No I won't cry anymore", and "I'll find another if it takes me years!", right through to the fade out, "You know that I know that they know that I'm not to blame". What did she do to him? An up tempo, bouncy and happy little number, considering the lyrical content, featuring plenty of rattling percussion, and lead and bass guitar work, which doesn't make you miss the fact that there is no brass (or string) section present - probably absent due to the budget they had to work to? Never heard this one played out before, or seen or heard of anything else on the label, and this one must surely justify a hefty price tag, maybe even destined for four figures, if spun.
Rico Barr & The Boston Barristers - I Need You Baby - Boss Town 1113
Not too much Northern Soul seems to have come out of Boston, but here's one that seems to have escaped. Warning, it's exhausting stuff just listening to it, let alone dancing to it! A frantic pace old fashioned stomper with a couple of instrumental breaks, including one sax break of some 25 seconds! It's definitely reminiscent in parts of Marvin's "Can I Get A Witness", meets The Executive Four's "I Got A Good Thing Goin' ", mmMMM. The lead singer seems to be proud of his woman, "When you stand beside me, I get that feeling inside, I don't know what it is, but it makes me feel so high!", yet he still needs reassurance from her, "One look is all I need to make me feel all right", with added backing blokes repeating "I need you baby", in all the right places. Only know of one other copy, but time will tell, but dance floor punters get ready, as Keb has just obtained it from Butch's collection! So, most likely a future biggie, and interestingly enough, it still sounds great when slowed down to -6 on your Technics!
Endeavors - I Can't Help Crying - Empire State 18798
Everyone seems to like this one out of Cincinnati, Ohio. A mid to late 60's track which stands out from the rest, due to it's unusual for Soul bass line that goes up and down the scales in a jazzy fashion, but never fear as it's easily danceable. A male group vocal with the lead telling us that his lover, “Went away, left me all alone, just 'cause you thought I was doin' you wrong" - we never find out more on that subject?! However, he's regretting his actions as later he's pleading, “I hope and pray that you'll come back", and the chorus confesses all with, "I can't help crying", and "These tears, I can't hide". A saxophone break leads to a brief change of tempo, before it once again settles down to its challenging bass line. Brass stabs, bongos and chopping guitar are all to be found within its classy production, and be sure to check out its flip, "Beware Of Your Friends", which is also very good Northern, set in a more swinging Chicago style. Not ridiculously rare, but it may take you a while to locate, and make you part with towards a couple of hundred of your hard earned £££'s. Finally, can't help but mention, mainly for the editor's amusement knowing his sense of humour, that both sides were written by one John Thomas!
Wendell Watts - You Girl - Ref-O-Ree 715
Wendell's a smooth brother from Grand Rapids, Michigan, who had two releases on Ted Jarrett's Ref-O-Ree logo, "You Girl" in '69, followed in '70 by "Kiss A Good Thing Goodbye", which itself received a few spins at the Stafford All Nighters. Not surprisingly, they were masterly produced by Ted, and equally well arranged and conducted by label co-owner, Bob Holmes. Now, the label may be out of Nashville, but "You Girl" is by now means "Southern" sounding, being very reminiscent of the Stafford classic, "Pyramid" by The Soul Inc. Wendell's big rich vocal glides in with, "Eaach day, my loove grows, for yoou girl, yes yoou girl, wo-o-o-ooo, wo-o-o-ooo!" The lush yet tight string section swoops in and out, as his love continues to grow for his woman - just like in "Pyramid"! It definitely deserves exposure, and will not doubt appeal to many genre of Soul collector. It can be found on Kent's "Music City Soul" CD compilation of Ted Jarrett material, alternatively expect to pay £100+ for the original vinyl 7".
Yvonne Carroll - Please Don't Go - Vee Jay 592
During my stint at Charly Records in the '80's/early '90's, I was lucky enough to play through many Vee Jay tape reels, ever hoping to come across fresh tunes and/or alternate takes. At this point I started avidly collecting the label's Soul output, and hence championed this particular disc since I first come across it in the mid-eighties. Yvonne recorded for several other labels including Domain and Challenge, but to me this one is her finest 2 minutes 3 seconds. It's from '64, and is in a Ruby "Feminine Ingenuity" style, with its full orchestration. Heartbreak ahead, as she tells him, "The clock is only striking one, the best part of the night has only just begun, so don't tell me that you have to run away", you're on a promise there, mate! However, all is not well as she's sussed him, "Is there someone else you're thinking of, one kiss and I will know", with her fellow sisters present with some "Don't go now!" - seems his mind's else where, put her out of her misery, please! It has an uncomplicated solo guitar break that doesn't ruin the mood the way a screaming' saxophone, would have! The B Side, "There She Goes", is also well worthy of a spin or two, and reminds me of Terri Goodnight's "They Didn't Know". As with everything else Soul wise on the label, it's not excruciatingly rare, but copies of this one are usually quickly snapped up when they come onto the market place, even more so of late, and currently it commands a worthy £100 to £150.
The Whispers - It Only Hurts For A Little While - Dore 724
The Whispers have a fine pedigree of Soul music dating right back to the early 60's, where this, their first ever waxing, emanates from on a rare purple Dore label. Set at a slow to mid-tempo pace, it's magnificent production boasts a rolling glockenspiel and a dramatic yet sympathetic string section, complimenting The Whispers' impeccable vocals telling of the woes of the aftermath of the familiar by now romantic break up; "It only hurts for a little while, that's what they tell me", but he's not so sure and doesn't believe that things will ever be the same again, " 'til you come back to me", which is the final line of the song, with the lead vocalist holding and scaling down his final long note, whilst the rest of the group harmonise with, " 'till you come back to me, Fa-la-la"! Its backing track was later utilised, although with slight variations, by The Entertainers IV for their "My Garden Of Eden", also on Dore (which is to be found on the flip side of "Gettin' Back Into Circulation"). Apart from the original 45, you can find a (later cut) up tempo version of "It only hurts..." with added trumpets, on an obscure and deleted US CD called, "The Planet Of Life", and on a Japanese "Whisper's Greatest Hits" LP, but be warned as there are some nasty "80's" synthesiser drums waiting for you on the latter's version! Take it from me they didn't improve on the original 45. Value wise, who knows, but it took me ten years of trawling through the fine print of US lists to find a copy. It would be nice to think that in the future, it won't just be their Dore disc, "The Dip", that appears on Northern wants list.
Hal Miller - A Blessing In Disguise - Amy 920
What's this one like? - just take the brushed snare drum intro. from Jimmy's "Long After Tonight Is All Over", add a heavyweight piano, a brief and moody guitar, and then Hal's rich tones enter with, "I begged you on my knees, girl don't leave me please, I'm in misery". Later introduce dramatic strings just like in Sam's "I'd Think It Over". Mix well with chimes and brass stabs, and surely you're on the way to one of the best underplayed "enders" ever - this is serious BIG production moody mid-tempo Northern. Forget Hal's "On My Own Two Feet" for the same label, it doesn't do his rich vocal justice, and The Rays featuring Hal Miller's "Love Another Girl" also on Amy, as fantastic as it is, also comes second to "A Blessing...". This '64 classic tale of heartbreak continues with lines such as, "I saw you yesterday, the hurt has gone away, no more misery", and a hook line of "Sometimes a break up, is a blessing in disguise". Boy, she sure must be some kinda woman to reduce Hal to a state like that! OK, you can satisfy the craving for this disc by obtaining Mitch Ryder's version on either US Dynovoice or UK Stateside, which utilises the same backing track, albeit a flatter recording, BUT as good as it is, you won't be satisfied with it once you've experienced Hal's original. This Bob Crewe/Charles Callelo penned and produced tune for their famous Saturday Music publishing company, seems to be proving hard to locate, hence it's received little club exposure - I've only heard it spun a couple of times in the past decade. My copy came via Mick Smith some years ago, as a straight swap for a Roy Hamilton "Panic..." M.G.M. UK issue - a trade that I've never regretted. It's a classic, right up there with "The Drifter", and its legendary status is almost certainly assured, along with the afore mentioned discs by Jimmy, Sam and Ray.
Please bear in mind that these reviews were written for the Shades Of Soul fanzine between 1999 and 2004, so further information may have come to light since and the valuations may well have changed too!I love me a good FitBit challenge. If you can recall, a month or so ago I had to opt out of some challenges as I was getting a little burnt out with working, teaching and participating in classes, training, hiking, and trying to be numero uno in all the challenges I accepted. But, that being said, I do love the challenges.
Via FitBit
The great thing about FitBit challenges, I find, is that they keep me motivated (not that I need any motivation when it comes to fitness). But, sometimes I’ll be sedentary for too long at work or if I’m enamored in a great book and I look forward to that FitBit alert to give me the little nudge I need to get off my butt and do something.
That’s the thing with these challenges though…you have to do something. Unfortunately, there are people who are more caught up with winning the challenge that they’re resorting to cheating (and yes – walking around your living room is getting your steps in, but seriously, are you actually earning your steps? No!) just to take over first place. Funny thing about that is a) you’re making me work harder, that’s for sure…and if I’ve earned second place, I’m okay with that b) If you’re resorting to cheating in any form to win a freakin’ FitBit step challenge, more than likely I can out-lift you, out-run you, and out-burpee you any darn day of the week.
What’s totally awesome about the step challenges is that it can bring a small community of people together to work harder at their health and push each other to strive for their best. I’ve made some friends via FitBit challenges and we’ve helped each other step up (pun!) our game.
FitBit Besties….
So, if you’re one of those people who somehow manage to get 6,000 steps at 10 minutes to midnight by roaming around your living room (or any other measure of cheating), think about it next time why you’re doing what you’re doing. Is it to be in first place? Is it to have bragging rights? (<- If that’s the case then maybe you should review your life and find out what’s missing in it.) And instead of being a jerk and cheating your way to first place, you should focus your energies on earning your steps and motivating yourself so that you can win first place. Earn it people. Own it!
~FB
Recent Comments Slovenia, the Benchmarking Public Procurement team referred to Procurement Act dated 2016, Law on Execution of budgets of the Republic of Slovenia for 2016 and 2017 (ZIPRS1617), Decree on financial collateral in public procurement, Rules on the single information system for public procurement , Rules on types and method of collection of data for the annual statistical report on the award of public contracts, and Legal Protection in Public Procurement Procedures Act dated 2011 found at:.×New UN report links processed meats to cancer in humans; red meat also likely to cause the disease.”
Source: UN News Centre (UN.org)
ALG
ALGIERS – The new People’s National Assembly (APN-Lower House), which has been elected on 4 May elections held Tuesday in Algiers its first plenary session, under the 8th term of the Parliament.
ALGIERS-President of the Republic Abdelaziz Bouteflika has appointed Abdelmadjid Tebboune Premier, in replacement of Abdelmalek Sellal.
ALG.A long-time online friend of mine, William Harryman, posted a statement on his Facebook page today acknowledging his privileged status as a successful white male. He graciously granted Sac. Homeless blog the honor of posting his succinct benevolent statement:
I am white male privilege.
While talking with my friend Karin on Sunday, I realized that (aside from the uber-wealthy) I am one of the most-privileged people in America. I am white, male, tall, fit, and financially secure. I have never walked on the streets and been afraid, even in the "bad" parts of Seattle, Portland, Chicago, San Francisco, or Tucson.
I DO know what it's like to be homeless and hungry, but I also knew that if I was willing to stop drinking and drugging, I would be fine - and I was. I had choices. I had options. So many others do not.
I have no idea what it feels like to be racially profiled, be female, or be afraid for my safety. I don't know the hopelessness and despair of feeling there is no way out, no future, no possibility of a better life.
My heart hurts for all of those people in this country who do not have enough to eat, who do not feel safe in their neighborhoods, or even their homes. Who are not white, male, and privileged. Who fear the police because of their skin color, or fear their neighbors because of their beliefs, or fear their water because it is not clean.
I wish all of us with privilege could acknowledge it and, in whatever way possible, little or big, make life a little easier for those who do not share our privilege . . . yet.
-- William Harryman"Yes, I believe the add on your website sold the home! "
Liz W.
Logansport, IN
2 Parkwood Drive
Allenstown, NH 03275
Hours:
Mon. - Fri. 8am to 4pm
MHVillage Member since 2008
(603) 485-5547
(603) 485-5546 (Fax)
Come On In, Take Off Your Shoes, &!
Sale Pending
SOLD!
SOLD!
SOLD!Vancouver, Canada
Recently, it was Thanksgiving weekend in Canada!!! I had two dinners to attend and I decided to make gluten free bourbon, chocolate chip pecan pie!!! It was a huge success and I have to say the pastry was decent considering it was gluten free. So try it and see if you like it!
This pie will take quite some time unless you buy a pie crust- so just relax and plan a night in.
A note for boozy dessert enthusiasts: I inadvertently added twice the amount of bourbon… I wouldn’t recommend that as the pie was a little too boozy- even for me.
You can make the following recipe with normal all-purpose flour if you want 🙂 Same instructions.
Makes one 9 in (23 cm) pie. Serves 8-10 people
Pie Crust:
1 1/4 cups of gluten free all-purpose flour (I used Bob’s Red Mill GF All-Purpose Flour)
2 tsp sugar
1/2 cup (4 oz) cold salted butter
1/4 cup ice water
Pie Filling:
2 cups pecans
3 eggs
2/3 cup of corn syrup (I used Lyle’s Golden Syrup)
3 Tbsp bourbon
1 tsp pure vanilla extract
2 tbsp melted salted butter
3/4 cup of light brown sugar
3/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips
In a food processor, PULSE (don’t blend) the flour and sugar. Add the cold butter and pulse again until the mixture looks like bread crumbs. The colder the butter, the better for your pastry. If you don’t have a food processor handy, put two knives in your freezer and then do it the good old fashioned way- repeatedly cutting the butter into the flour. Transfer into a bowl and add the ice cold water. Knead the dough a couple of times (maybe 3 times if using normal all purpose flour). Wrap in plastic and put in your fridge for about 45 mins-1 hour.
Once your pie dough has properly rested, cut two large pieces of parchment paper. Flour one of the pieces of paper and place your dough. Lightly dust with some flour before putting the second piece of parchment paper on top. Using a rolling pin- now roll out your dough. Gluten free followers listen carefully so as not to repeat my mistake: you must roll your dough out between the floured parchment paper or else kiss your pie crust goodbye. If you are using normal flour- go ahead and roll out on your floured counter without the parchment paper. Place your pie crust into a buttered 9 in (23cm) pie tin. Make pretty. Leave to the side.
Preheat your oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit (180 degrees celcius). In a non-stick frying pan, toast your lovely pecans until the sweet fragrance perfumes your kitchen. Coarsely chop the pecans- make sure you keep some whole ones for decoration later. Cool to one side.
In a large bowl, beat the eggs. Add the brown sugar, syrup, vanilla, melted butter and bourbon- whisk until well blended. Stir in pecans.
Pour the chocolate chips into the bottom of your pie crust. Pour the filling on top. Bake in your oven for about 55 mins or until the pie is set in the middle. Put pie onto a cooling rack for a least an hour.
Enjoy! You should probably give fair warning to your diabetic friends- this is sweet paradise.
Tagged: baking, bourbon, chocolate chips, Gluten-free, pecan, pecan pie, pie, Thanksgiving
This looks delicious Emiiii!
Sounds like a Christmassy desert if you ask me 🙂
Maybe it will be Norah’s favorite dessert? 😉
Miss you loads
SIL
Wow Emi, this looks soooo decadent! We absolutely need to try this at home. To be honest I don’t usually like desserts where you can taste the alcohol… what could I substitute for the booze?
Bisous!
omg I wish I could eat this (but I cant!!!) it certainly looks good though!!! I’ve made a different variation of pecan pie in my “other life” (read: non-vegan life) the first time around, it came out of the oven with a wobbly “hole” in the middle!! Yours looks perfect however!! 🙂
Well Emily, it seems that you are over your ‘pecan pie problem’. Remember when Grandma made you eat that last slice of horrid, sickly sweet, gelatinous supermarket pecan pie? I’m afraid Dad and I saved ourselves. We thought you might be scarred for life but we took the risk and here you are with a glorious recipe just what, twenty years later? Hope you have forgiven us. Love, Mom
Oh man- I remember that pie! What I mostly remember though is everyone grabbing the smaller pieces and leaving me with the big piece. Including my PARENTS! I forgive all of you- because I’m a saint.Hire a creative Graphic Designer in india
Bütçe.
7 freelancers are bidding on average ₹55
Good afternoon. I am ready to perform design for you in time! The quality of my work is guaranteed. If you have any questions I will gladly answer them. Here's a link to my portfolio: [url removed, login to view] Daha fazlası
Hi, i am graphic designer with 10+yrs exp. New to freelancing but you can review my linkedin profile to ensure you're work will be in safe hands. From delhi've been a marketeer in this field for a long time. ping me to Know more..Varsity wrestling had a great weekend with 10 wrestlers making it to the second day, and 5 of the wrestlers placing in the top 8 of Oakland County individuals. Ben Cable led Rochester placing 3rd individually. Owen Fisher placed 7th in his weight class. Juniors Brandon Troy, placed 5th, and Aidan Fitzgerald placed 8th while Freshman Kavan Troy battled for 8th place. The Falcons also placed 8th as a team out of 38 teams.Larson, DAISY
(nee: WOOD)
Aug 16, 1910 – Sept 15, 2006
Born on the family homestead at Pigeon Lake, Alberta. Daisy and her family moved to Vancouver Island in 1938. She settled in Merville in 1941 where she raised her 3 sons. Daisy led a very active life volunteering for the Merville community and was a 20 year member of the O.A.P. and the Courtenay Royal Canadian Legion. She is lovingly survived by her sisters: Nellie (Vic) Hampson and Lizzie Wood of Campbell River; sons: Richard (Vera) Larson, Delia, Alberta, Allen (Linda) Larson, Campbell River, Donald (Bev) Larson, Merville; 10 grandchildren; many great and great-great-grandchildren; and an extended family of nieces and nephews. Thank you to the wonderful care from the staff and doctors at Laurel Lodge. A Service to Celebrate Daisy’s life will be held on Wednesday, September 20 at 1:00 pm in the Chapel of Piercy’s Funeral Home, 440 England Ave., Courtenay, Mr. Jack Doherty officiating.Why Is Alcoholism Considered a Chronic Disease?
One of the primary questions a lot of people have about addiction is why is alcoholism considered a chronic disease? There are many things that not just alcoholism but other drug addictions have in common with chronic illnesses, which will be detailed below.
A chronic disease is classified as one that lasts three months or more, and there are some features they share in common including the fact vaccines can’t prevent them, they can’t be cured by medicine, and they don’t just go away. In general, chronic diseases impact older Americans more prevalently, with 88 percent of Americans over the age of 65 believed to have at least one chronic health condition. There are some behaviors that contribute to chronic diseases including using tobacco, not being physically active and having poor eating habits.
Some of the most common chronic diseases include arthritis, cardiovascular disease, breast and colon cancer, obesity and oral issues.
Chronic disease are the top cause of disability and death in the U.S. according to the CDC, with an estimated seven out of ten deaths each year resulting from chronic diseases. Many chronic conditions, while there is no cure, can be managed or treated with changes to lifestyle or certain medicines.
The Mayo Clinic defines a chronic disease as one that progresses over time. This means it gets worse without treatment, and this definition is an important part of understand why alcoholism is considered a chronic disease.
While there are medications that can treat the symptoms of many chronic conditions, these drugs often have their own sets of side effects, and they may also interact with one
First. There are some genetic components that influence whether or not you develop diabetes, and also environmental factors, such as diet and exercise. It’s similar to alcoholism. You may be genetically more predisposed to developing alcoholism, and then if you grow up in an environment where alcohol is prevalent, this can also contribute.
As with other complex chronic disease, with alcoholism, there are environmental risk factors and genetics that work together and determine the course of the disease.
Also when defining alcoholism as a chronic disease, you’ll see that it can be identified and diagnosed based on certain symptoms, as with other diseases, and with professional treatment, it can be managed. Often treatment options include a combination of certain medications as well as therapy and cognitive behavioral treatment.
When alcoholism isn’t being properly treated and managed, relapse is possible, which is the case with other chronic diseases. This can again go back to the diabetes example. While you can’t necessarily cure your diabetes, you can keep it under control with proper management including lifestyle choices like exercise and a healthy diet, and medications. If you stop doing these things, your diabetes would be out of control, and there would be adverse consequences.
This applies to alcoholism as well. While your alcoholism might not ever be cured, if you participate in a rehab program or a group like AA, and possibly take certain medicines while also making lifestyle changes, you can keep it under control. Otherwise, you’re putting yourself at risk for relapse.
Relevant to the discussion of why is alcoholism considered a chronic disease is the progressive nature of it as well. Alcoholism is defined as moving through stages, and certain symptoms and behaviors mark each stage. For example, during early stage alcoholism, the person is usually drinking larger amounts and becoming more secretive or elusive about what they’re doing.
As alcoholism progresses, behaviors become more out of control, and there are also more health symptoms that begin to appear as well.
Since alcoholism is considered a chronic disease with a long-term course, it’s important that treatment addresses this concept. The best treatment plans are typically also long-term, and the evolve over time to continue addressing the changing needs of the individual as they move through the steps of recovery.On March - 17 - 2011
For subject of “How to Leverage eMarketing & Social Media to Kick-Start Your Franchise.”
We hope to help you uncover:
- How to be a part of the fastest growing industry the world over
- Recession proof industry = Recession proof business
- Huge earning potential
- Recurring Revenue Opportunities
- Proven Business system for Executives
- Turn-Key Training and Support
- Learning, Mentoring, Growth
Additionally, some of our UK-based WSI Franchisees will be in attendance, ready to answer any questions you have about new business opportunities. To see a snapshot of the WSI Franchisees you’ll meet at the exhibition, click here.
Here are all the event details:
- EVENT: British & International Franchise Exhibition
- WHEN: Friday, March 18th – Saturday, March 19th
- WHERE: Olympia, London
- FLOOR PLAN: Download here
- REGISTER: Click here to reserve your spot!
Explore your options for owning your own business! Discover the benefits of the WSI Franchise Opportunity, and visit
Category: Business Opportunity, Events, Exhibitions, Franchise Development
Tags: British & International Franchise Exhibition, Business Opportunity, Digital Marketing, eMarketing, entrepreneur, Franchise Development, Franchise Opportunity, Social Media, WSI franchise, WSI Franchisee, WSI Internet Franchise,
Written by: Mark DobsonNorberto Kitson Add Friend Change your cover photo Upload Change your cover photoUpload Apply Cancel Change your cover photo Norberto Kitson Add Friend K3 1000•11743•1978•Yes•My Scoot•NY•Huntington This user account status is Approved followers0 following0 Follow Message About Activity Gallery Posts Comments Forums Friends Events This user has not added any information to their profile yet.StateNYCityHuntingtonZip11743Type of bike you Ride ?K3 1000How many years Riding1978Brand of bike you rideMy ScootGenderMale Only fill in if you are not humanI don't see it at all and I actually like Bubba.
The way they have built him up and turned him from one of their leading faces to top heel. Not in terms of in ring skills but by their characters? I can kind of see it, the way he turned would seem like something CM Punk would probably do for a cool heel turn.
SpoilerIf at first you don't succeed then failure maybe your style.
I don't see it at all and I actually like Bubba.
I'm sorry cause I have not watched the WWE in a long time, does Punk have a group?
If not maybe the better comparison would be Bobby Roode's domination in the first half of 2012.
Please don't compare Bully Ray to that vanilla midget, he beats him hands down in every caspect of being a pro wrestler.
I thought Austin Aries was thier answer to Punk... but with wrestling ability.
-Neo TNA forum Championship-
Tag Team Champ (1 time) w/Kovu Rex, X division Champ (3 time)
-TNA forum Championship-
Tag Team Champ (3 time) w/ X-Zero, X division Champ (3 time), Internet Champ (1 time)
No.
But I do think his run will rejuvenate the company, just like Punk did after "Pipe Bomb RAW"
Bully Ray is the best thing in pro wrestling at the moment. Just saw his Rise of Aces & 8s explanation videos. Just pure awesomeness.
DVD Clearout: Raw, Smackdown, Nitro, Thunder, ECW TV, TNA Impact. MUST GO. PM me for details
Bully doesn't even deserve to be compared to Punk. In WWE, Bully wouldn't even be a midcard champion.
Anyone who missed Bully Ray's post match antics and promo from inside the cage should go see it now. Classic stuff right there. Gave me goosebumps when I saw it live
Banner Credit: Spike
Ray knows how to be a pure heel, he excels in it. Most modern heels to an extent pander to the crowd, or their heel-antics are too forced, but Ray has the aura of being a total dick and doesn't give a fuck what anybody thinks about him. It's a shame his potential wasn't realised when he was still in WWE.
"I've seen a million people die, it's up to us to stop the war."
I thought it sucked and his match with Hardy bored me but hey I got very specific tastes.
."
Ray apologised, the fan apologised... let it go.
"I've seen a million people die, it's up to us to stop the war."
What do you want done? He's made two public apologies, and personally contacted the fan to apologise for his actions. Would you like him castrated live on Impact by a group of gay rights activists as punishment?
Not condoning Bully's actions, he obviously overstepped the line, but I don't know where else you want this to go. Will you never forgive him for this? Do you think he should be fired, stripped of the title, made to tag with Eric Young? What's a fitting punishment, as two public apologies and a personal apology isn't enough?
"I've seen a million people die, it's up to us to stop the war."
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)From London’s Times:
The cradle of [tag]Christianity[/tag] was rocked by an unholy punch-up when Greek Orthodox and Armenian priests came to blows in a dispute over how to clean Bethlehem’s [tag]Church of the Nativity[/tag].
The ancient place of worship, built over the site where [tag]Jesus Christ[/tag].
Witnesses said that the robed and bearded priests scuffled for more than an hour using fists, brooms and iron rods as weapons.Distinguishing phone type...
by edselsouth - 11/29/12 9:45 PM
Thanks to those who have already provided me with some answers to previous questions.
I have three more questions. My wife has just acquired a Motorola Razr flip phone, V3, pink, used.
Question 1: The battery in the phone is bad, and will need to be replaced. What is the difference between the BR50 battery, and the BC50 battery. They look physically the same. eBay sites say that either will fit the V3 phone. (I have a good BC50 battery).
Question 2: How do we tell the model of the phone, i.e: V3i, V3e, V3m, etc? Can't find the designation on this phone. (The model might determine the battery number?)
Question 3: How do we know which carrier is used for this particular phone, Verizon or AT&T?
This phone does have a place for a sim (micro SD) card. Most sim cards I have found on-line also have an adapter with them. What's the adapter for?
Thanks,
David.Attractive 2D Dialogues (Popups) for a Bingo Game (Unity)
Bütçe ₹12500-37500 INR
Looking for someone to design 10-12 in game popups (dialogues) for a Bingo Game. Project is in Unity, so we expect the deliverable in Unity Package.
Only those with experience in such work is preferred. Pls provide link to such works. Thanks
17 freelancers are bidding on average ₹32296 for this job
Hi, I have full experience of developing Game Design. please check [url removed, login to view] [url removed, login to view] I always can Daha fazlası
I am a game design expert well known as 'cg_star'. I'm experienced and enthusiastic enough to finish your project wonderfully. Let u see my portfolio. I hope you will select me. All the best. Stay tuned, I'm is still Daha fazlası
Hello, i am proficient and experienced in creating art ,design and animation for ios , android and web browser games . I can provide you excellent graphics for your game. Please see portfolio. Thanks. or please se Daha fazlası
Dear client. I am the best fit Unity3D game developer for your project. Please check my game links and profile to get confidence about my skills. Thanks. ChengJin. Radiant Defense [url removed, login to view], My name is Josh, I am a software developer with over 10 years of experience in building software solution from concept to finished product. My expertise includes android and iOS Daha fazlası
I have a game, its called "tuckies" is in the playstore, the animation in the beggining is made inside unity, and is made by me, i ofert the lowest becuase i only need a good review to get started. Relevant Skills and Daha fazlası
. Relevant Skills and Experience . Proposed Milestones ₹25000 INR - .
Hi, i have experience of 3 years with game development. I am looking for my first project here on freelancer. I have many games to show my work experience. I look forward to work with you. Thank you Relevant Skills an Daha fazlasıIn color printing, a very small circle of halftone dots, formed when three or more process color screens are overprinted at the correct screen angles with the proper dot sizes. A rosette pattern is a moiré pattern whose high frequency reduces its visibility. Typically the rosette is formed by only the Cyan, Magenta, and Black halftone screens. There are two types of rosette: dot-centered and clear-centered. When halftone screens are rotated to their standard angles they form a dot-centered rosette. Through practical experience a dot-centered rosette has been determined not to be the optimum for printing. The most common type of rosette is clear-centered. It is formed by shifting the black screen one-half a row of dots from the Magenta, Cyan, and Yellow screens.Resources to Study the Bible and for Your Christian Journey
This year, let’s focus our lives on God’s Holy Word. Within these pages, God reveals His character, His love and His mission. As we center our lives on this sacred treasure, we will be transformed into His likeness and learn how to live our lives for Jesus.
Daily email devotional
Our Daily Bread
Thirsty
Crosswalk
Daily Bible Verse
Podcast
Bible Podcast
1 Year Daily Audio Bible
Daily text message
Bible SMS
Blessed Texts
Bible Study groups
Briarlake Life Groups
Bible Study Fellowship
Community Bible Study
Quiet Time Resources
InterVarsity
Quiet Time
Different Versions (reading Scripture in another version could reveal new things to you)
Bible Gateway
Bible Reading Plans
Daily Bible Reading
Phone Apps
for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch
See it in the App Store
for Android devices
See it on Google Play
Youversion Bible App
Family Ministry (Family Life which has good marriage stuff, American Family Association which has good stuff on things ranging from Marriage and Parenting to Addiction issues, etc; Focus on the Family Etc)
@2018 Briarlake Church, 3715 LaVista Road, Decatur, Georgia 30033 (404)325-4214Buffalo Rose at Private House Concert
on 01/14/2018
Buffalo Rose was an indie rock band out of Buffalo, NY. Originally started as a band called Wave, then Hyaline, then regrouped as Sub Rosa. Buffalo Rose is the post existence name for the band. They recorded three albums and played shows in and around the Buffalo region. Read more on Last.fm
Band info and image from Last.fm. Concerts by Songkick. Tickets may be available at Songkick.comI am a graduate of Highland
Park Senior High School and Macalester
College, and work at Orchard
Software as Executive Vice President of Development
developing medical laboratory applications.
I like travel,
pinball, gardening, collecting,
and genealogy. I grew up in Minnesota, and
now live with my husband, Tom, and my daughter,
Claire, in Indiana.August 2014: Larceny from Motor Vehicles
Date: August 27, 2014
Location: On Campus / McNichols Campus - Lot D Near South Perimeter Fence Line
Circumstances
The University of Detroit Mercy Department of Public Safety (DPS) is investigating multiple larceny from motor vehicles that occurred at the McNichols Campus between 10:00 PM and 11:15 PM on August 27, 2014. The perpetrator(s) entered campus through a hole made in the south fence line.
Anyone that may have seen any suspicious person(s) or activity during this time frame are encouraged to call the Department of Public Safety at 313-993-1234.
DPS will continue to provide the community with security and safety information through safety notices and updates.Morning Prayer this day will be in honor of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist. The Blessed Virgin Mary is the only other saint whose natural birthday is celebrated along with her heavenly.
The Vespers hymn for this feast inspired Guido d’Arezzo to invent Solfeggio – do, re, mi etc. or in its original ut, re, mi…
Psalms – 116, 117 & 118
Lessons – Numbers 14:26-45 & Luke 12:49-56
Sung Morning Prayer – Nativity of S John BaptistThe Department of Preventive Medicine at USC Keck School is seeking an MS-level Biostatistician. Position will primarily require statistical genetic and general biostatistical analysis skills. Projects mainly involve complex disease genetics with an emphasis on type 2 diabetes.
Salary level will vary depending upon level of experience. Send resume and 3 references to: USC Employee Recruitment, 1540 Alcazar St. #148, LA, CA 90033-9005 E-mail: hscemp@hsc.usc.edu or apply online Ref. #H07616. AA/EOE. Helena G Muirragui
Dr. Helena G Muirragui, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Hinsdale, IL. She has 23 years of experience. Her specialties include Psychiatry and Neurology. She speaks English.
/-87.922232,41.8188ivani Pankaj Shah Md12 Salt Creek Ln
Hinsdale, IL 60521
Get Directions
Specialties
Dr. Helena G Muirragui
- Mood Disorders
- Schizophrenia
- Depressive Disorder
- Insomnia
- Manic Depressive Disorder
- Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) / Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
- Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
- Bipolar Disorder
- Personality Disorder
- Sleep Disorders
- Mental Illness
- Depression
Board Certifications
See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.
Board Certified
Reviews
Showing 5 of 9
Education
23 Years Experience
- University Of Illinois College Of Medicine
Graduated in 1995
Accepted Insurance
Dr. Helena G Muirragui accepts the following insurance providers.
- BCBS Blue Card
- BCBS Blue Card PPO
- BCBS Illinois
- BCBS IL BlueChoice Select
- BCBS IL PPO
- View by Location
Locations & DirectionsShivani Pankaj Shah Md, 12 Salt Creek Ln, Hinsdale, IL
Nearby Doctors
Dr. Helena G Muirragui is similar to the following 3 Doctors near Hinsdale, IL.
Dr. Shilpa Diwan
Geriatric Medicine, Neurology, Psychiatry
Hinsdale, IL 0.20 mi
Dr. Melany Danehy
Psychiatry, Neurology
Oakbrook Terrace, IL 3.55 mi
Dr. Thomas Kelly
Neurology, Psychiatry
Burr Ridge, IL 4.12 mi
Conditions
- Bipolar Disorder
- ADHD
- Adult ADHD
- View AllThere are songs that make us want to dance. Songs that make us want to sing along. But the best songs ever are the ones that bring you back to a special and meaningful moment in your life.
For one 28-year-old, that statement can be taken literally. I hear that during a One Direction concert in England, a woman got so excited during the boys’ performance of “Best Song Ever” that her water broke and she went into labor a week earlier than expected!
Six hours later, she was the new mom of a baby boy who was thisclose to being named after Harry Styles. “My partner can’t stand One Direction but we both actually quite liked the name Harry,” she told the DailyMail. But they eventually nixed that idea to name the newborn after his great-grandfather.
Crazy, right? What’s the one concert you’d insist on going to even if you were that pregnant? Or does nothing sound worse than having to go into labor in a loud crowded sticky arena? Tell me in a comment below! XOXO
New Hot Selling Hats Cheap From China Wholesale Free Shipping
amazing post for me.thank you for helpfull info.
busty girls london
i love you guysTHIS.
I was so delighted when this gorgeous Christmas gift box arrived from Mederma. Someone there is seriously creative! Nestled inside the gift box were 3 little glass jars of hot chocolate ingredients, a large glass mason jar to mix it all into, candy canes and pretty marshmallows, and all sorts of little turquoise-and-white colored things. I was quivering with happiness.
Hunter was too, as you can tell in the photo above – he refused to get out of the way so I could take a proper photo of the gift box contents, and wanted to be in it like the brand posterboy.
Carter and Hunter wasted no time excitedly opening it all up. It was pretty straightforward – pop in a few spoonfuls of cocoa, add in some chocolate drops, stir in warm milk, and top it off with mini marshmallows.
They had a blast! Declaring themselves as “really good at cooking” (ahem), they proceeded to get chocolately fingers everywhere, stirring their chocolate drinks with the candy canes (their brilliant idea, not mine).
The ~serious~ chef in action. That drink does look pretty good, doesn’t it?!
Mederma’s Proactive Gel ($29.80) is excellent for reducing old or new scars, and also works on mums that have had Caesareans. They’ve also got a Stretch Marks Therapy cream ($35.80) as well.A.
A study sheds new understanding on the mechanisms of the diabetic retinopathy as it uncovered a program of accelerated aging of the neurons, blood vessels and immune cells of the retina.
A Canada-US study published in Cell has demonstrated that Americans of African descent have a stronger immune response to infection compared to Americans of European descent.
A new study shows that even low physical fitness is sufficient to produce a preventive effect on most of the risk factors that affect people with cardiovascular disease.
More than 85% of Canadian provinces and territories restrict access to new direct-acting antivirals (DAA) for the treatment of the hepatitis C.
Discovery of a novel, advanced technique to identify the rare cells where human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) hides in patients taking antiretroviral therapy (ART).
A joint research published today in Nature Communications has shown new molecular causes of brain cancer and leukemia.
A study conducted by Dr. Francine Ducharme confirms that it’s not child’s age, but a respiratory viral detection that explains the high rate of hospitalization.
The owner and staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. It is about a 10 minute walk from the main village but close to the lake for nice walks.
The onsite restaurant is excellent for Pizza but also...More
We stayed for 3 nights over the bank holiday weekend and couldn't fault it. Elin is very welcoming and recommended some local walks. Breakfast was great and it's nice to know that much of it is sourced locally. We also had dinner there one night...More
An ideal location for a weekend get away. This newly taken over business has character and comfort. Elin the owner is friendly and welcoming and happy to share tips and advice. Nothing is too much trouble and she is passionate about her guests and the...More
Seven of us stayed 2 nights in the bunkhouse which was comfy and had all that was needed.
Had selection of pizza on the first night, which was pre ordered and ready for our late arrival. Lovely friendly pub with good food, good ale and...More
TripAdvisor uses cookies to improve your site experience. Learn more or change your settings. By continuing, you consent to our cookies.SUNY Schenectady County essay, and registering for discussion sections and department seminars. Which college degrees give you the best chances of entering a successful career path after graduation? Concentrating on SUNY Schenectady County Community College admissions essay, for example, may give you additional focus in the admissions selection process. Check with the admissions office for assistance with prerequisites, course registration deadlines, and college degree program requirements. Please use the form above to request admissions info for SUNY Schenectady night classeswritten by Kaighla Um Dayo
When I converted to Islam nearly 8 years ago, I had no idea there were literally millions of Muslims in the world who are Muslim only in name.
Some one who calls themselves Muslim, but has no connection to their creator can be called a “Cultural Muslim”. Cultural Muslims wear hijab, for example, only because it’s a cultural demand in their family/society; they only pray at Eid prayers and only because it’s a family/cultural obligation. They fast one day of Ramadan to feel like they are part of the festivities, but otherwise have no connection with God on a deeper level.
The cultural Muslim is not unlike the “Christian” who my former pastor lovingly called part of the “CEM crowd”, or those who only attend church only on Christmas, Easter, and Mother’s Day.
Turns out, there are millions of Muslims who are only called such because their parents’ parents’ parents were practicing. “Muslim” has become synonymous with “good, kind person of Arab/Indian/Pakistani/Indo/Malay origin” in much the same way as “Christian” has become synonymous with “good, kind person who is American”.
New Muslims cannot imagine that a day will come that they themselves could become a Cultural Muslim. And yet, I am here to say: it can happen to anyone.
I realized I had become a Cultural Muslim when the day came that I had more fear and trepidation at the idea of removing my hijab than I did about skipping prayers.
The idea of removing my outer religious identity was more crippling than the idea of actually not being Muslim anymore. If faced with the choice to maintain my hijab but neglect my prayers, or remove my hijab for safety reasons in America (Trump), but maintain my prayers, I searched my heart and realized that I preferred the first option.
This, my friends, is a severe disease of the heart.
But why do I openly admit this to you, dear reader? Because too many converts come into Islam—and too many heritage Muslims start practicing Islam—with such zeal and fervor that they do not adequately prepare themselves for the day when the fervor flares out. I know because it happened to me.
It’s kind of like being in a formerly passionate marriage: when that passion has fizzled out, there must be something under the passion to keep the marriage alive and healthy, something deeper and more reliable than passion, lust, and infatuation.
Likewise, the day will come for all those who feel the zeal when, because of this reason or that reason, they will burn out and begin to question if they are still on the right path, and they will need to have something deeper than zeal to keep them going.
When this realization hit me like a ton of bricks, I took some time and really investigated the deeper issues inside. Ultimately, I came to understand these things, and maybe they will help you, too:
- People cannot save me when I face Allah. My dearest friends and spouse and children and parents will not even think of me on that day.  that day, {their tongues, their hands, and their feet will bear witness against them as to their actions.} (Surat An-Nur, verse 24). {And they will say to their skin: ‘Why did you bear witness against us?’ They will say: ‘Allah has caused us to speak, as He cause all things to speak.’} (Surat Al-Fussillat, verse 21) I can just imagine my hijab, for example, speaking against me, saying “She wore me because it pleased her friends.” “She wore me because it pleased her husband.” “She wore me because it made her seem more pious.”
- The first thing Allah will ask me is about my prayer. Not my hijab. Not my education. Not my loyalty to my country or friends or family or tribe. First, my prayer. “The first thing the people will be accountable for on the Day of Judgment is prayer, Allah will say to His angels (even though he already knows) : “Look at my servants prayers. Were they complete or not?” […]” -Prophet Muhammad (Reported by Imams Ahmad, Abu Dawood, An-Nisa’i, and Al-Hakim)
- God will only accept my good deeds if I have a pure heart: {And disgrace me not on the Day when (all the creatures) will be resurrected; The Day whereon neither wealth nor sons will avail, except him who brings to Allah a clean heart [clean from Shirk (polytheism) and Nifaq (hypocrisy)].} (Surah ash-Shu’ara, verses 87-89)
At the end of all things, it will only be my heart that saves me (or not), and what good will my struggling because of hijab or striving for my religion be if I did it to seem pious, or to please my family, or because I had finally found an identity to cling to and didn’t want to give it up?
I cannot willingly give up my soul while clinging tightly to my hijab and other outward shows of Islam. I cannot willingly toss aside all the work I have done on my heart by working to impress people around me rather than working to please All “Have I Become a Cultural Muslim?”
Reblogged this on Frauen und Islam.
Thank you!!
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are welcome. this is a very common Problem we all need to talk about. It can happen to all of us at any time. - 6836 N Poppy Court, Arvada
- 4
- Bedrooms
- 3
- Baths
- 3,153
- SQ. Feet
- 0.14
- Acres
Home overlooks 18th hole of West Woods golf Course featuring bay alcoves in kitchen and master bedroom, updated with new hardwood floors, granite counter tops, new tile in bath and laundry, new carpet in family room. New stainless refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher, matching stainless stove is three years old with self-cleaning oven. Eating space in kitchen that is adjacent to family room with cozy fireplace. Enjoy entertaining on patio overlooking golf course. New hot water heater and new 50 year roof. Ralston Valley High School.
Essential Information
- MLS® #:
- 2470453
- Price:
- $429,000
- Bedrooms:
- 4
- Bathrooms:
- 3.00
- Full Baths:
- 1
- Half Baths:
- 1
- Square Footage:
- 3,153
- Acres:
- 0.14
- Year Built:
- 1994
- Type:
- Residential
- Sub-Type:
- Detached Single Family
- Style:
- 2 Story
- Status:
- Sold
Community Information
- Address:
- 6836 N Poppy Court
- Subdivision:
- West Woods
- City:
- Arvada
- County:
- Jefferson
- State:
- CO
- Zip Code:
- 80007
Amenities
- Amenities:
- Grounds Maintenance, Trash Removal
- Features:
- Golf Community, On Golf Course
- Parking Spaces:
- 3
- View:
- Golf Course View
Interior
- Interior Features:
- Cable Available, Double Pane Windows, Eating Space / Kitchen, Five Piece Bath, Master Bath, Pet Free, Smoke Free, Updated, Vaulted, Walk-in Closets, Window Coverings
- Appliances:
- Cook Top, Dishwasher, Disposal, Microwave Oven, Refrigerator (Kitchen), Self-Cleaning Oven, Smoke Alarm
- Heating:
- Forced Air
- Cooling:
- Air Conditioning-Central
- Fireplace:
- Yes
- # of Fireplaces:
- 1
- Fireplaces:
- Family Room
Exterior
- Exterior Features:
- Fence, Patio, Sprinkler System
- Lot Description:
- 6255.00
- Windows:
- Double Pane Windows, Window Coverings
- Roof:
- Composition Shingles
- Construction:
- Frame
School Information
- District:
- Jefferson R-1
- Elementary:
- West Woods
- Middle:
- Drake
- High:
- Ralston Valley
Additional Information
- Zoning:
- PD
Listing information last updated on January 16th, 2018 at 9:49am MST.31. "A Scandal in Bohemia" (1891) by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. One of the best Sherlock Holmes stories, this is the famous tale of Irene Adler, the woman who outsmarted Holmes. It's a great story that shows Holmes at his best, even though he meets his match. Much has been made of Moriarty as Holmes' ultimate nemesis, but Adler is the only one of his adversaries who proved a genuine intellectual equal.
"A Scandal in Bohemia" can be found in The Complete Sherlock Holmes. You can read the text online here.
32. "Lot No. 249" (1892) by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. This is a mummy story, although it follows some of the traditional zombie story maneuvers as well. A young man has found a way to command a mummy to do his bidding and he sees it as his opportunity to eliminate all of his rivals.
"Lot No. 249" can be found in Return From the Dead. You can read the text online here.
33. "Lost Hearts" (1893) by M.R. James. This is one of James' earliest tales and it's rather unlike the main body of his work (I'll be listing a lot of them over the next two days). A poor child is taken in by a doctor who provides for his every need. But it seems that children have a way of disappearing around his home...
"Lost Hearts" can be found in Complete Ghost Stories. You can read the text online here.
34. "How the Brigadier Won His Medal" (1894) by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Of all the great Brigadier Gerard stories by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, this is certainly one of them. If you know Doyle for Holmes or the Lost World you should try a Brigadier Gerard story, they're quite different and very funny. In this tale, Gerard is sent on what could only be an impossible task - impossible for any man but Gerard! The only problem is his superiors meant for him to be captured. Poor Gerard, ever bringing competance to the job of an incompetant.
"How the Brigadier Won His Medal" can be found in Exploits and Adventures of Brigadier Gerard. You can read the text online here.
35. "Canon Alberic's Scrap Book" (1895) by M.R. James. Now then, this is another M.R. James story, but it follows a formula he used time and again thereon. A researcher visiting an old church befriends the parson, who shows him an incredible text full of rare illustrations from chuch history. He's quite eager to be rid of it...and before the day is over, the researcher learns why...
"Canon Alberic's Scrap Book" can be found in Complete Ghost Stories. You can read the text online here.
36. "The Open Boat" (1897) by Stephen Crane. Based on an incident which occurred to Crane, this is the story of four men cast adrift in a lifeboat trying desperately to save themselves as the situation grows increasingly bleak.
"The Open Boat" can be found in The Open Boat and Other Stories. You can read the text online here.
37. "The Damned Thing" (1898) by Ambrose Bierce. A fine combination of wit and horror, this quick tale recounts the circumstances surrounding the unusual death of a hunter who believes there are things existing slightly outside man's ken, but not necessarily beyond that of nature.
"The Damned Thing" can be found in The Spook House. You can read the text online here.
38. "Drums of the Fore and Aft" (1898) by Rudyard Kipling. An excellent story about two young men who play in a regiment band and find themselves stranded on the battlefield when the rest of their party retreats. The duo see only one course open to them: they march, trying to inspire their forces to come back and continue the fight.
"Drums of the Fore and Aft" can be found in War Stories and Poems. You can read the text online here.
39. "Captain Rogers" (1901) by W.W. Jacobs. A familiar tale with a twist; a good man raising his daughter alone is confronted by a figure from his past who knows him as "Captain Rogers," a wanted man. He uses this information as blackmail to get whatever he wants from the man, gradually forcing him out of his own home and property and threatening to take his daughter as well. It all leads up to a well-earned twist...
"Captain Rogers" can be found in The Lady of the Barge and Other Stories. You can read the text online here.
40. "An Adulteration Act" (1902) by W.W. Jacobs. A humourous story of a doctor and a lawyer who are shanghaied and forced to serve aboard a ship at sea. The two men are ill-prepared for lives of drudgery and to regain their old lives they use the only strengths they have - those of their normal vocations.
"An Adulteration Act" can be found in The Lady of the Barge and Other Stories. You can read the text online here.We count stuff.
We count money, blood pressure, and the number of trips we’ve made around the sun. Some folks count pounds lost, hours wasted, books read, or golf balls lost. Others count miles cranked on a bike or progress toward some other elusive dream.
It seems like we count everything. Jesus even advised us to count the cost.
As a teacher I learned a lot about assessment. At least a million times I heard, “Will this be on the test?”
It’s not a silly kid question. Skilled teachers know it’s the key question: What will we measure, and how will we measure it?
The answers determine everything that happens in class. Assessment guides every important decision about learning and instruction. I learned that when I talked to students about the test they asked better questions and took more control of their own learning. The questions got harder and the kids did better.
The key to better teaching, it seemed, was writing better tests.
Same choice in life.
What you measure determines the quality of your life. And the cool thing is—you get to decide!
Lots of folks give this power to someone else. They measure life by the size of a bank account, number of Facebook friends, or past failures. They allow someone else to decide what will be on the test, and they’re pretty sure the test is supposed to be mysterious and difficult.
It’s not.
I suggest we begin this weekend by writing our own test. Let’s ask what’s truly important and make that the stuff we measure.
What’s on the test?
When Jesus talked about counting the cost of following, I’m pretty sure He wasn’t talking about keeping score.
Everything that can be counted does not necessarily count; everything that counts cannot necessarily be counted. Albert Einstein, motives, Responsibility, self imageWe've stopped at Premier Inn's Nerston Toll on several occasions and every time has been a perfect experience. In fact, this last time their receptionist (whse name escapes me for a moment) went way beyond the call of duty. There was a (very slight) problem with the restaurant booking in the nearby Lee's Burn (not at all her fault) which was immediately ironed out with only a couple of minutes delay. On our return to the hotel, this delightful youmg lady had left a note of aplogy by our door and a packet of sweets! You won't even get that level of customer care in a 5 star hotel.
Premier Inns are what they are -- a comfortable, clean room at a reasonable price, and we have used them in various other loaction, always to our satisfaction. Don't hesitate to become a Premier customer. You'll not be disappointed.
- Official Description (provided by the hotel):
- Practice your swing at East Kilbride Golf Club next door or make the 20-minute drive into Glasgow ... more
less
- Reservation Options:
- TripAdvisor is proud to partner with TripOnline SA and Premier Inn so you can book your Premier Inn Glasgow East Kilbride (Nerston Toll) Hotel reservations with confidence. We help millions of travellers each month to find the perfect hotel for both holiday and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.
- Also Known As:
- Premier Inn Glasgow East Kilbride (Nerston Toll) Hotel ScotlandAnd it’s 4/15, meaning it’s my time
from XV – The Kick Lyrics on Genius
Meaning
He continues using time wordplay to tell the listeners that it’s his time to shine.
The number 4 being used as the the word “for” while the number 15 in roman numerals is XV… “for XV.” He follows this theme closely, as his previous mixtape, Zero Heroes, was released on April 15 (4/15).
To help improve the quality of the lyrics, visit XV – The Kick Lyrics and leave a suggestion at the bottom of the pageGarryspillane is situated in the south of Limerick and is primarily a Hurling Club, the club consists of two parishes Glenbohane/Knocklong and Galbally. The original club knocklong was founded in 1904 but this was changed to Garryspillane in 1952, more info can been found in the Club History page. The club has teams ranging from the under 6's to the Senior Hurling team. Recent success has seen the bouncers (the club nickname) win the County Limerick Senior Hurling Championship, the County Limerick U21 Hurling Championship and also the All-Ireland Kimacud 7's Championship. This site contains plenty of info regarding the Club so search the site for a comprehensive look into the Garryspillane Club.-
- Preview saved
-
- View Synopsis
Henry the Fourth, The LIfe of Henry the Fifth, and Henry the Sixth (Illustrated)
Synopsis
Related Titles
Works Of Geoffrey Chaucer: Including The Canterbury Tales, Troilus And Cressida And More (Mobi Collected Works)
Geoffrey Chaucer
$4.99
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE Ultimate Collection: ALL 38 Plays & Complete Poetry (Including the Biography of the Author)
William Shakespeare
$0.99
The Poets, Isabella Whitney, Anne Dowriche, Elizabeth Melville [Colville], Aemilia Lanyer, Rachel Speght, Diane Primrose and Anne, Mary and Penelope Grey
Betty S. Travitsky
$49.49
The Rogues and Vagabonds of Shakespeare's Youth Awdeley's 'Fraternitye of Vacabondes' and Harman's 'Caveat'
John Awdeley
<<
Henry the Fourth, The LIfe of Henry the Fifth, and Henry the Sixth (Illustrated) the Fourth, The LIfe of Henry the Fifth, and Henry the Sixth (Illustrated)
by William Shakespeare
Thanks for Sharing!
You submitted the following rating and review. We'll publish them on our site once we've reviewed them.
by on January 16, 2018
eBook Details
- Running Press, June 2014
- Imprint: Running Press
- ISBN: 9781632952707
- Language: English
- Download options: EPUB 2 (Adobe DRM)
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:
- DESKTOP
- eREADERS
- TABLETS
- IOS
- ANDROID
- BLACKBERRY
- WINDOWSBuy Item $18.99 Retail:
Save 30% ($8.01) $27.00
Add To Cart
In StockStock No: WW24699
Precious Memories Ed. / 1997 / Other, N/A
Quantity:
Add To Cart
Add To Wishlist
! --- TODO add style conditional here for plus size website -->
This can be used with any grade level as long as Winston Basic Grammar has been completed. Each lesson is very short and should take no more than 1/2 hour.Savoie servis, 1990–2011
Hackman designor Oy Ab
Savoie dinnerware was also designed to meet the needs of industrial kitchens, but it is also suitable for home use. The dinnerware has been used, for example, on Silja Line cruise ships.
The completely unique structure of the Arabia Savoie plate has been patented. The plates are easily stackable and the surface won’t be scratched as easily as with an ordinary plate, as there are two rings at the bottom of the plate. The patent for this structure has been granted in Finland, Sweden, Germany, and the USA.Man's desire for grandiosity has run wild, with the result that the whole world is becoming transformed to suit his needs, that is, the needs he is conscious of having.
In fact, what is happening is that nature becomes cultivated, hence creating a 'Next Nature', or 'Nature 2.0', in the popularized terms of Koert van Mensvoort. The woods smell of shampoo, we can design our own pets, and people know more brands than birds. Koert is a homo universalis from Holland who explores this theme especially from an artistic viewpoint, and records his notions on the blog. Since he is also a teacher in interaction design, the blog mentions interesting interactive products. An example are the 'Switch Critters', light switches that are not directly controllable but have to be persuaded into switching. Nature was never controllable, and it is an illusion that our 'next nature' can be controllable, and hence should not be designed to giving people the impression that they can easily control it. Instead, products should also support values like mysticism.
Anyway, this blog is a great inspirator and especially makes you see what is happening with the world. The task then is making sure that this next nature will be satisfying enough and takes humanity to a new level, because we are obviously not yet seeing the light. In our paralysis caused by a highly complex world, some Western/Dutch innovations simply seem to stem from rattle-brained fools. Just look at the image on top of this post. Potential onlooking aliens must be having an experience similar to 'laughing your ass off'. Oscar Niemeyer's architectural work for the city of Brasilia already in the 1960's told us that this approach will never work on the long term.
As a side notion, I must mention that I do not believe that the term used by Koert is an accurate description for the larger development that is going on. The dualism between nature and culture is merely one more to be dissolved in a process of union that we are seeping into. Just as the relationship between man and his technology tipped into a new harmony when we moved from an agricultural to an industrial organization of the world, we will now tip into another balance that will allow us to handle an even greater complexity. For example, we should learn how to integrate human's paradoxical needs for both expressive and norm-conformative behaviors towards the environment in one smooth system. And we should base this system not on abstract notions such as the optimization of money or time, but on experiential, human concepts like value, happiness, enlightenment. The understanding of the brain is the catalyst of this development, and the world will be a reflection of a happier human brain. But here I go again - this is long enough for a side notion.
For now, Next Nature is a nice concept to form an opinion about, so spread the word!Can't believe it is May already; or that I haven't posted here since February. Yikes, and Sorry - looking for a job while working full time at a place that is winding down makes for a very busy schedule.
To date, I have had 15 interviews. Another tomorrow. I had 4 with one company and hope for the best. Looks like I will need it by June 1.
On a good note, I attended SQL Saturday 118, won a book in the raffle on SQL 2012. I signed up for SQL Saturday 119, but not sure if I can swing it quite yet. I followed a bunch of the speakers and have read many of their blogs. I really liked the optimizing TempDB talk - Eddie Wuerch just seemed really comfortable and knowledgeable. I have already used some of the scripts from "Its a PowerShell Life." Tim Ford spoke on a day in the life of a DBA and tips for efficiency, and then I noticed I have a book he co-authored on Performance Tuning.
I have been reading Izik Ben-Gan's books on T-SQL Querying and T-SQL Programming; I've got 24 hour SSIS and the thick SSIS book, the 2012 book and Professional Programming in SQL 2008 ... all told 10" of SQL books to read, and that doesn't include the 70-432 textbook. --deep breath--
I shall finish them before fishing season is over. It opens on Saturday... the kayak is prepared, the milk-crate is loaded and fitted with new pole holders. Its going to be a great Summer!.
Most music services only allow one stream at a time (some have made exceptions for multiple streams if they're all in the same household on the same Sonos system). So you'll either need two different music services, or two separate accounts on the same music service, or a music service that allows multiple simultaneous streams.
What Mike is saying is that you need to worry more about the music services in use. For example, you can use a single Soundcloud or Mixcloud account at the same time on both, however, you can't use a single Spotify or Google Play Music account across both at the same time.
If you only plan to use free music services and the music library function then you will be fine but if you wish to use a paid music service on both, you will need to ensure that you are using two separate accounts (eg Spotify and Google Play music have a £15 a month fixed price plan that allows you to add up to 6 separate accounts) - one for each system
Hopefully that helps
Just to add some context to help you see how things work.
When you set-up a new Sonos system you connect it to your Wi-Fi either by directly wiring to the router one of the Sonos units or via connecting to your Wi-Fi.
When you then switch on your device that has your controller (PC, Mac, Android, iPhone or iPad or other tablet) that device will connect to your Wi-Fi (Usually wirelessly but a PC/Mac might be wired to your router). That controller can then control any Sonos system that is using that network. And as is mentioned above that could be 1 or 100 controllers. When you then take that controller (probably a phone or tablet) to the other location and connect to the other Wi-Fi you can connect to the Sonos set-up on that Wi-Fi.
Also. To avoid future confusion. The controller does NOT stream any music (except in the case that you select "On this phone/tablet from music sources) from the controller. The controller sends an instruction to the Sonos speakers and one of those Sonos devices will send a request to the music source to start the stream (so it could be TuneIn radio, Spotify, Deezer, My Music on a NAS). You could start music/audio in your cottage and then drive back home with your phone and the music would carry on regardless - You wouldn't be able to stop it mind unless somebody else with a controller in the cottage or pressed the mute button.
do I need to set up two controllers, one each for one of the homes?
If you mean would you need two apps, one for each system, then no - the single Sonos app can be linked to multiple systems, connecting with the correct one as necessary (eg the home one when you are at home, and the cottage one when you are there),
You'd only need the one Sonos app on your device for both systems and said app would know when to change, you just need to setup or connect to one system then setup/connect to the other on the same app and it will remember both.
Two new Sonos Ones, just bought for my Barn (=cottage)
1. Before I setup at the barn could/should I register using the same details as I use at home in the app on my phone or tablet.
2. Is there is a way to use the library on the iMac back home (up and running) and access this at the barn?
Any things to watch out for during the setup?
Something to as an alternative to SCD, which all uk is watching !!
IanIt’s been 13 years since Veronica Mars burst onto TV screens and introduced audiences to Kristen Bell. The show ran for three seasons across UPN and The CW until 2007, but cancellation…
E! Online (US) – TV News
SPECIAL TIP UPDATE!
Discover great online gifts,deals,coupons,and business news today!
It’s been 13 years since Veronica Mars burst onto TV screens and introduced audiences to Kristen Bell. The show ran for three seasons across UPN and The CW until 2007, but cancellation…
E! Online (US) – TV News
SPECIAL TIP UPDATE!
The NBA Academy Africa — one of six across the world that provides teenagers with NBA-level resources — took its first trip ever to Europe for a series of competitive games. – NBA
Researchers at the University of California, Berkeley have taught a robot to play.
BBC News – Technology
SPECIALS DISCOUNT UPDATE:
The music discovery and curation team at SiriusXM announced today its “Future Five” artists for 2018 and the “Class of 2017” — which, in case it isn’t obvious, means its picks for next year and the artists that the satellite radio giant got behind early in their careers and broke through in 2017. “2017 shaped up to be […]
SHOPPING DISCOUNT UPDATE::
Robots may make half of today’s jobs obsolete in 20 years. What careers will be left when our children grow up?
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!
Pantone has revealed its color of the year for 2018.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!
The Chiefs have lost five of six and calls for coach Andy Reid to give rookie QB Patrick Mahomes II a shot are getting louder. – NFL
Every team has something at stake over the final five weeks of the regular season. NFL Nation reporters break down each of their motivations. –:
There’s a new twist in the race for the mirrorball on Dancing With the Stars. E! News has confirmed Lindsay Arnold injured her knee during rehearsal on Sunday, Nov. 12.
“I was…
E! Online (US) – TV News
SPECIAL TIP UPDATE!
There’s a new twist in the race for the mirrorball on Dancing With the Stars. E! News has confirmed Lindsay Arnold injured her knee during rehearsal on Sunday, Nov. 12.
“I was…
E! Online (US) – Top Stories
Special Entertainment News Bulletin:.
PARIS — Fashion has lost its meaning. That’s the prognosis of Eric Duchamp, global chief executive officer of leading forecasting agency Peclers Paris, who on Thursday will host a conference geared at identifying — during stagnant times for the industry, and a banalization of offer — the crucial “strategic levers” brands need to activate to boost performance in the years to come.
Titled “La mode doit gagner la bataille du sens,” or in English, “Fashion Must Make Sense Again,” the Future of Fashion conference will take place at Paris restaurant Noto.
The Peclers Paris team will present future insights and some of the key macro trends that they believe will impact brands and consumers in the next five years, based on findings of a market study around brand perception conducted by Kantar TNS, as well as a range of “strategic levers” identified by the Peclers Paris team that brands need to activate to boost performance in the years to come.
Conducted online between May and June of this year, the study involved a panel of 2010 consumers aged from 16 to 60, with a 50-50 breakdown of men and women, and covered their perception of 25 brands for the women and 22 brands
Follow WWD on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook.
The battle of the internet giants will expand into newer technologies and take them deeper into each other’s turf, Activate co-founder Michael Wolf said at the WSJ D.Live conference.
WSJ.com: WSJD
SHOPPING DISCOUNTS UPDATE:
Lowe’s 32 crazy predictions: LeBron’s future, big trades and more – NBA
Staff shortages and rising demand means standards are likely to slip, says England’s regulator.
BBC News – Health
HEALTH & WELLNESS UPDATE:
Will the Emmy-nominated HBO series Big Little Lies return for a second season?
Nicole Kidman says it’s still up in the air, at least for now.
After attending the Michael Kors…
E! Online (US) – TV News
SPECIAL TIP UPDATE!:
Shailene Woodley is on the hunt for a new role in her future–congresswoman!
The Golden Globe nominee and political activist seems to have her eye on a seat on the Hill, according to a…
E! Online (US) – Top Stories
Special Entertainment News Bulletin:
Cambridge professor criticises health secretary and warns about role of private sector in the NHS.
BBC News – Health
HEALTH & WELLNESS UPDATE:
Woj: LeBron’s future impacts Cavaliers’ Kyrie Irving trade scenarios – NBA
After years as a niche market for technologically sophisticated anarchists and libertarians, digital coins may be on the verge of going mainstream.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!
Areas of the Moon have an “unusually” large amount of trapped water that could support future lunar explorations, according to a new report.
Tech News – Latest Technology and Gadget News | Sky News
COMPUTER & ENTERTAINMENT SPECIALS!
Steven Spielberg has warned that a future ruled by virtual reality is coming “whether we like it or not”.
Entertainment News – Latest Celebrity & Showbiz News | Sky News
ENTERTAINMENT SPECIALS:
Pelton mail: Can NBA summer league predict future stars? – NBA:
Universal said it wants to cancel its $ 31 million deal for Prince’s music over conflicts with an earlier agreement Prince signed with Warner Bros.
NYT > Arts
SPECIAL TRAVEL DISCOUNTS:
Spurs’ Ginobili to take time to decide future – NBA.!
Back in 1997, JNCO jeans and butterfly clips reigned supreme.
The Olsen twins could solve any crime by dinnertime, women were asking their stylists for “The Rachel” and there was…
E! Online (US) – Top Stories
Special Entertainment News Bulletin:
Will it have robots? No checkout counters? Virtual fitting rooms? Almost anything seems possible.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE.
One of the biggest challenges facing Rocket League developer Psyonix, according to the studio’s Vice President Jeremy Dunham, is keeping up with the pace of the game’s rapid growth.
“It’s sort of a race, to grow the company at a rate somewhat comparable to how fast the game is growing,” Dunham said while speaking to IGN about the game past success and future, including its potential for coming to the Nintendo Switch.
“It’s been both flattering and a whole bunch of work because every time we think we’ve hit some sort of plateau or maybe the game is settling down, our community shows us, no, it’s not even close yet,” he explained. According to Dunham, Rocket League set records for both the most games played and most players in a single month in December 2016. That most players in a month record was then broken in January — then again in February.
SHOPPING DISCOUNT UPDATE:
Trumpian turmoil inflames passions across the political spectrum and makes many feel as though they are part of something bigger than themselves.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!
Great Scott!!!
President Donald Trump is transported to “Back to the Future” for a drag race with Marty McFly in this glorious mashup.
YouTube user Todd Dracula edited footage of Trump gleefully messing around in a giant truck at the White House on Thursday into a scene from the franchise’s third and final movie. It’s something to behold!
type=type=RelatedArticlesblockTitle=Related Coverage + articlesList=58d6130de4b03692bea64360,58d4c890e4b03787d356dad2,58d3861ae4b02d33b7489a0f,58d3761ae4b0b22b0d19d6a!
After contracting a rare case of the mumps as an adult, a man receives bad news about his fertility.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!:
Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today.
NYT > Books
BOOK SALE UPDATE!
The two accountants responsible for the wrong film being announced as best picture winner at the Oscars have been banned from attending future ceremonies.
Entertainment News – Latest Celebrity & Showbiz News | Sky News
ENTERTAINMENT SPECIALS:
Some very big labels are building new narratives by showing men’s and women’s at once.
SHOPPING DEALS UPDATE:
One month later, Ben Roethlisberger still silent on future – NFL
In a new Target pledge, the retailer commits to removing phthalates, unwanted parabens, and toxic based products from their beauty category by 2020.
Allure
Body-positive blogger Carys Gray took to her Instagram to open up about her struggle with eczema, proving that what you see on Instagram isn’t the reality of what people are going through all the time.
Allure
MillionaireMatch.com – the best dating site for sexy, successful singles!!
The Vertical’s Adrian Wojnarowski on Carmelo Anthony’s relationship with Phil Jackson and the city of New York, and what it means for his future in the NBA.
DISCOUNT UPDATE:
I mean, who else would you ask?
SHOPPING NEWS UPDATE:
:
Start-up Faraday Future unveils a self-driving electric car that it says can accelerate from zero to 60mph faster than Tesla’s Model S
BBC News – Technology
SPECIALS DISCOUNT UPDATE:)
Source: Payton talking future with Saints GM – TOP!
Benched Rondo to meet with GM about future – NBA
Who could train women to run for office? The inside story of Hillary Clinton and a Texan named Betsey Wright.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!
Technology meets with tradition.
SHOPPING DEALS UPDATE:
Starring Jimmy Butler and a whole lot of Monstars propaganda.
SHOPPING DEALS UPDATE:
Memphis Meats wants to reduce the number of animals slaughtered for food.
SPECIAL DISCOUNT UPDATE:
Sir Roger Moore has said he could appear in another James Bond movie.
Entertainment News – Latest Celebrity & Showbiz News | Sky News
ENTERTAINMENT SPECIALS:
Remember that yearly update you used to get from your aunt? Now it’s from your friends and colleagues, every week, and they can see if you’ve read it.
NYT > Fashion & Style
SPECIAL ONLINE DEALS!.
Price: $
Sold by Kobo Canada
Been effective plan for finding Mr. Right. You’ll analyze your exes and learn why you chose a loser like that for fabulous you; identify-and end-harmful dating patterns; create a foolproof Essentials list that will start you on the path to your dream guy; and much more! The most precious gem of all-a bright future with the man of your dreams-is within your reach! All you’ve got to do is put those tarnished costume jewels of relationships past behind you, and set your sights on something truly brilliant.
Price: $
Sold by Kobo U.S
Paperback, Rutgers Univ Pr, 2013, ISBN13 9780813561097, ISBN10 0813561094
Price: $
Sold by Wal-Mart.com USA, LLC
3D movies
Handheld tablet computers
Videoconferencing
Augmented & Virtual Reality wearable technology
Wall mounted widescreen TVs with multiple TV channels
Hydroponics
Biometric Scanners (fingerprint scanners as locks) 
Black sneaker not really gelling with your outfit? Pop open an app on your smartphone and add a streak of yellow.
+rehabstudio, a company that makes innovative marketing campaigns, recently unveiled its concept for the “Shift Sneaker,” a shoe comprised of material that can communicate with your smartphone and shift colors on demand.
!
Imagine an NFL of the future with no helmets
NFL Football News : CBSSports.com
Browns trade future pick for 49ers punter Lee
ESPN.com – NFL
New – and more reliable products, and convenient opportunity.
—.
This article originally appeared on YourTango.
More great content from YourTango:
—.
List Price:
Price:.
List Price:
Price::
1995 was the year where all children were born with a pure indigo aura. 2012 is the year where pure Crystal Children will be born on this Earth but already from 2004 we will start seeing crystal energy being slowly integrated into the aura of the Indigo Children.
Price: $
Sold by Rakuten Play.com
Are you a Victorian gothic, a lucky star-era Madonna wannabe, an art gallery moll OR all of these rolled into one exciting and exceptional package? You decide whether this unique statement necklace is elegant or provocative. It floats gracefully on your neck, reminiscent of a delicate tattoo. Future Victorian Emerald Necklace is inspired by classic luxury jewelry designs. The chain links move and sway beautifully as you wear the earrings. Future Victorian Emerald Necklace is 3d printed, making it incredibly lightweight and strong. Chain of baubles is 1” long
Start Changing Your Life Today and get 21 Days Free!
Code: No code required
Begin: 2012-11-01 11:00:00
Expire: 0000-00-00 00:00:00
Coupon Feed
Greetings from the FOX portion of the Television Critics Association Winter Press Tour at The Langham in Pasadena! There was major news this morning, and FOX is bringing in some of your favorite actresses to…
Given.
Are you hanging out in the past, the future, or are you here now? Do comment below. You can receive notice of our blogs by checking Become a Fan at the top.
COMING SOON: Ed & Deb are joining forces with author & coach to the stars Eli Davidson, and mentor to Fortune 100 companies Jon Val Farris for a special weekend retreat in LA. Watch this space!!
Ninety-nine percent of the time I’m all about the bride, but this post is dedicated to that guy waiting at the end of the aisle—and when he knew his girlfriend would someday be his wife…..
List Price:
Price::
NKY1040Features Product Type:Bodysuits Product Type:T Shirts Size:6-12 Months Size:12-18 Months Size:3-6 Months Size:3T Size:4T Size:2T Gender:Girl Gender:Boy Color:White Material:100pct Cotton Material:Organic Lifestage:Baby
Price: $
Sold by Wal-Mart.com USA, LLC, J.? next month. I tend to be thinking one-three years in advance most of the time. That’s my default mind-wandering horizon.. Dinner? Yeah, we can talk about dinner.
I envy him in a lot of ways. This: chronically impoverished) in different capacities, I try to cultivate additional revenue streams outside of theater. I am acutely conscious of how much more money I’m making than the year before and how much I can save in anticipation of our next security deposit or to start a., and that’s the most important plan of all.
Weddings – The Huffington Post
FASHION NEWS-Visit Shoe Deals Online-Fashion News today for the hottest deals online!
Puma has the authenticity, credibility, and history in the motorsports space unlike any other brand. For both on and off the track, Puma has the motorsport athletic and enthusiast covered. Joining the Motorsports Lifestyle family, Puma as partnered with BMW for the ultimate luxury driver s dream. BMW is a strong affluent German motor company that brings luxury and speed together. Puma and BMW partnered to create a line of shoes, clothing, and accessories that debuted in their Fall 2012 collection. Starting in their Winter 2012 line, Puma and BMW took the ultimate driver s dream up a level by introducing the M Series collection.
Price: $
Sold by Buy.com
Used – executiv
Price: $
Sold by Alibris UK: books, movies.”
Price: $
Sold by Wal-Mart.com USA, LLC.”
Arts – The Huffington Post
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS-Visit Adults Playland today for the hottest adult entertainment online!
NEW YORK (AP) —.”.”
Arts – The Huffington Post
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS-Visit Adults Playland today for the hottest adult entertainment online!
According.
h/t Dezeen
Arts – The Huffington Post
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS-Visit Adults Playland today for the hottest adult entertainment online!.
Style – The Huffington Post
FASHION NEWS UPDATE-Visit Shoe Deals Online today for the hottest deals online for shoes!
Most″..
Arts – The Huffington Post
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS-Visit Adults Playland today for the hottest adult entertainment online!:
This fun and educational introduction to the exciting field of roboticsthe science of designing, building, and operating robotsgives.
Price: $
Sold by Kobo Inc..
List Price: $ 69.00
Price: $ 34.99
!
Though I love them all, my two favorite films by John Waters are two of his earlier works: Pink Flamingos and Female Trouble. Perhaps in the current cultural moment of bareback porn and kink on demand via myVidster, words like “transgressive” have lost their meaning or feel a bit retro, but in the context of the ’70s, boy, those films were simply that.
Divine, who was to John Waters what Kim Novak was to Alfred Hitchcock, was more drag anarchist than drag queen. She resisted the impulses that typically dictate how drag gets represented in mass culture — camp and glamor — and carved out a third way, a kind of pre-punk sensibility, that made those early performances so bad-ass.
With Female Trouble Waters introduced the world to cha-cha heels, in the magnificent scene where Dawn Davenport, Divine’s character, goes on a rampage after not receiving the shoes for Christmas. And no one depicts a rampage better than John Waters. No one. The scene with her parents in the living room is one of the best moments in cinema. If camp has a boundary, a wall, an outer limit, they reached it.
Waters does not offer lush, visually breathtaking shots where the camera lusts over its subject; his early guerrilla filmmaking resisted that. His camera is more a co-conspirator that’s in on his antics. Waters is a director of movement, especially when it came to Divine.
The thing you have to appreciate about Divine — and you absolutely must appreciate this — is how she opened a scene. Of course, there are performers of technique, actors who can master a dialect or immerse themselves fully into a character, or even actors who can quite simply exude a luminescent quality. But as Pauline Kael would suggest, to enter a scene, now that’s something that requires talent, one of the rarest, most fun, and most precious elements of an actor’s craft. And Divine could enter a room. She could open a scene. She could focus your attention skillfully.
And what of John Waters and his influence? In her Starbooty phase RuPaul definitely inhabited a persona with a Watersesque sensibility. I also can’t help but think that Lady Gaga is a John Waters invention. Had Divine lived a few more years, she would have worn that meat dress first.
From a political perspective, especially with regard to queerness, the children of Lorde and Foucault rule that roost. It makes me wish that my generation took up Waters and his work more, because the subversive energy of his early films provides not only a lens but a landscape that helps us think innovatively about the possibilities of not only queer politics but queer practice.
Though Mapplethorpe probably gets the most credit as the ultimate queer outsider artist of that era, we forget about John Waters, along with his spiritual sibling, the Italian queer director Pier Paolo Pasolini, both of whom introduced poop eating to movie audiences, Pasolini in Salo, the breathtaking and equally disturbing interpretation of de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom, set against a backdrop of Italian Fascism, and John Waters in Pink Flamingos. His dominant sensibility, revealing the influence of Jean Genet, seeks to reconfigure the value system not merely to shock but to totally disorient, disembody and ultimately displace. What’s a more rewarding cinematic experience than total disembodiment? To watch those films is to enter a liminal space, with Divine the channel.
Waters is never quite cynical. Pink Flamingos and Female Trouble resist the apocalyptic, dystopian feel of some films when they try to enter into “edgy” territory. What’s more radical than challenging the normal is presenting the perverse, the bizarre, the odd as if they were normal. As Jon Caramanica suggests, “[t]he avant-garde need not be moral.” But what if it were?
I want to single out Female Trouble and Pink Flamingos because I think the films together signal a moment, a sensibility carried over. I mean, Waters plays with similar themes in different ways throughout his career, but the intensity and potency of those early films compels me to remain with them. I am especially interested in John Waters because in our post- or arguably post-post-marriage-equality moment, I wonder if we can find in those early works something of value that helps us imagine the future and the possibilities of not only queer politics but queer culture.
Arts – The Huffington Post
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS-Visit Adults Playland today for the hottest adult entertainment online!1 877 TRY DEANAddress 99 Main St, Franklin, MA 02038
1 877 TRY DEANAddress 99 Main St, Franklin, MA 02038
Have a question?
A beneficiary designation is one of the simplest ways to make a gift to Dean College. Dean College such as the Dean, 100 percent of the funds are available for its charitable purposes. If you want to remember us in your estate plan, it is often better to leave other types of assets – cash, securities, real estate – to your heirs and give the more heavily taxed retirement asset to the Dean College.
Life Insurance
Life Insurance policies can also be used to make a gift to the Dean. Complete and return to the insurance company a form designating that the Dean College receives all or a portion of the death benefit associated with your life insurance policy. As an alternative to naming the Dean Dean to receive all or part of this amount by designating it as a beneficiary (sole or partial) on the appropriate form from the insurance company.
Bank Accounts - you can instruct your bank to pay Dean all or a portion of what remains in a checking or savings account. Your bank can provide you with the appropriate beneficiary designation form.
Investment Accounts - you can instruct your investment company to transfer to the Dean some or all investments held in the account at the time of your passing. Your broker or agent can let you know the process for doing this – it may be as simple as adding “T.O.D. to Dean College” after your name on the account.Articles
So you think you’re too young for life insurance?
By Andrea Scott
There are a lot of challenges facing the millennial generation, such as high student loan debt, rising housing prices and unstable employment situations. If you’re in the 20 to 35 age group and dealing with some of these issues, life insurance may be the last thing you’re thinking about.
But it shouldn’t be. Now may be the best time for you to buy life insurance.
Young people have a lot to insure
There’s no question that housing prices in Canada are rising steadily.1 And if you’re among the 50% of Canadians under age 35 who have dived in early to buy a home,2 you may be carrying a large mortgage. You may also have — or look forward to having — a young family that will depend on your income for many years. The Financial Post reports that four in 10 generation Y households would be in immediate financial trouble if a primary wage earner were to die.3 Life insurance benefits would help your partner to pay the mortgage, and help with things like living expenses and your kids’ education costs.
Four in 10 generation Y households would be in immediate financial trouble if a primary wage earner were to die.
Living with your parents for now? Life insurance means you could leave them with more than your student loan if something unexpected were to happen to you. Or you could consider designating a charity as your beneficiary, to leave the world a little better than you found it.
Is your mortgage covered?
Your bank will likely offer insurance when you are negotiating your mortgage, and that can be a good option. You could also think about a term insurance policy that mirrors the length of the mortgage. The premiums may be cheaper, and the benefit remains constant throughout the term.
Your premiums are at their lowest now
Life insurance premiums are low and more affordable when you are young and healthy. If you develop an illness in a few years, your premiums may be much higher, or you may be denied coverage altogether. Getting in on the ground floor now – buying coverage sooner rather than later – could save you money over the long run.
The earlier you buy life insurance the lower your premiums will be.
Term life insurance is affordable
The least costly type of life insurance is term insurance, and is defined by the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association as a type of life insurance that provides coverage for a set period of time (the term). Most term insurance plans will automatically renew at a higher premium when the term expires.
This is a popular product, as it offers the coverage you need when you need it, with premiums usually staying the same throughout the term – only increasing if you renew for another term.
So if you buy a 20-year policy when you’re 25, you’ll still be paying that low premium until you’re 45 (using the example of a 20-year term).
While millennials certainly face some challenges, this is one case when being young is a big financial benefit.
1 Brent Jang, Greater Toronto price gains preserve Canada’s housing boom, (The Globe and Mail, Nov. 15, 2016),
2 Joe Pinsker, Canadian Millennials Winning, (The Atlantic, Jan. 11, 2016),
3 Melissa Leong, Why young adults need (or don’t need) insurance, (Financial Post, July 20, 2013),
Canada Life
Hours of operation:
Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET
Phone: 1-866-716-7241
Our Products
Other
© The Canada Life Assurance Company 2017 -2018Several records were set or tied Thursday and more could fall Friday as Southern California rides the tail end of a winter heat wave.
Woodland Hills hit 88 degrees Thursday, breaking a record set in 1963. Burbank reached 84 degrees. And the mercury in Lake Elsinore hit 89.
Friday was expected to be the warmest day of the hot spell.
"Definitely inland areas probably should be as warm as yesterday if not a little bit warmer today," said Richard Thompson, a meteorologist with the National Weather Service. "So it's going to be definitely another very warm day across the area. Possibility of some more records being set, especially across the valleys."
Temperatures were expected to dip Saturday and return to the lower or mid-70s by New Year's Day.. Lightweight at 1.6 lbs.
Features:
- All metal construction.
- Spring powered grip release.
- CO2 compartment in the grip.
- 16-shot BB clip.
- Lightweight 1.6 lbs.
- 440 fps
Specifications:
-- Cosentinos Downtown Market12.Nov 2015
- Employee
Support from management
While it is in the process of changing, the leadership is out of touch with its employees and what the store needs
Teamwork
Teamwork is completely lacking. No one helps others, even though policy states it should.
Environmental Friendliness
Not really, it doesn't affect their money. They dont have interest.
Suggestions for improvement
- Listen to your employees and act like you care about them.
What I like about the company
Since upper management changed its nicer. As long as you are doing your job you aren't micromanaged.Steven Stamkos, Ben Bishop lead Lightning in rout of Blackhawks
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Ben Bishop quieted a large crowd of Chicago Blackhawks fans that made their way to Florida.
Bishop made 28 saves for his second shutout, Steven Stamkos scored two goals, and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Blackhawks 4-0 on Friday night.
More than half of the announced sellout of 19,204 loudly rooted for the Blackhawks, many wearing Chicago’s home red jersey.
"I didn’t see any red," Bishop said with a laugh. "It’s fun to keep those guys quiet."
Brian Boyle and Ryan Callahan also scored for the Lightning, who returned home after a 3-2 road trip against Western Conference teams.
"A solid game by all four lines, the D, and Bish played extremely well," Stamkos said..
While the Lightning were coming off a four-day break, Chicago was playing its third game over that stretch.
"No excuses," Blackhawks defenseman Duncan Keith. "It wasn’t our best game."
Boyle opened the scoring in the second period from the slot off a nifty pass from behind the net by Jonathan Drouin. Stamkos made it 2-0 after deflecting Jason Garrison’s shot from just inside the blue line with 2:07 left in the second. He added his 34th goal on a late third-period power play.
Callahan put the Lightning ahead 3-0 by redirecting Valtteri Filppula’s pass during a power play in the third period.
Tampa Bay’s second-ranked home penalty-killing unit killed off three Chicago power plays during the first session. Bishop made six saves on the Blackhawks’ third try late in the period.
Boyle offered the game puck to Bishop, who didn’t want it.
"He’s a pretty unselfish guy," Boyle said. "He wants to win. The No. 1 star for a reason."
Keith was given four minutes for high-sticking Cedric Paquette midway through the first, but the Blackhawks’ road-best penalty killers limited Tampa Bay to two shots.
The Blackhawks got a break when Nikita Kucherov beat Darling just seconds after the first period ended.
NOTES: Chicago acquired D Kimmo Timonen from Philadelphia for a 2015 second-round draft pick and a conditional 2016 fourth-rounder. Blackhawks GM Stan Bowman said he is also looking to add a forward before the trade deadline. … Paquette was briefly out for treatment after getting cut around the mouth on Keith’s high stick. … Garrison had two assists. … Tampa Bay D Victor Hedman played one day after leaving practice early due to an undisclosed problem and had an assist.$3.21
Sometimes the best way to let your friends know exactly how much you respect them is to send them a card which really read like you respect them at all. They will love it. And respect you for it.
Amusing greetings card printed on 125mmx175mm 300gsm matt card. Professionally printed, comes with white envelope in cellophane wrapper. Shipped in hard envelope.Dear Friends,
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Today we received a check from Fiddler on the Roof, one of many hit plays produced by famed Broadway producer, Harold Prince.
We invested in Fiddler in 1964 and to date, it has earned profits of more than $15 million over the last 50 years! Our profits are more than 30 times our initial investment over this time period!
Every check that we receive makes us very happy—and we strongly urge you to consider play investing as a way to expand your theatre pleasure. While there are risks and certainly no guarantees for a hit, we feel that investing in plays and musicals is a great way to support the arts and your community and is very much an enjoyable investment when you pick a hit!
If you would like to learn more about play investing, we suggest that you contact The Broadway League—the governing body of Broadway plays.
The other thing that came to mind when we received our check is that Harold Prince is now producing a new play on Broadway—Prince of Broadway, which is a tribute to his glorious 60 year career. Prince of Broadway is set to open in August 2017 and it “examines the circumstances and fortune, both good and bad, that led him to creating some of the most beloved theater of all time.”
In addition to Fiddler on the Roof, some of Harold’s many productions include:
Damn Yankees
West Side Story
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum
Sweeney Todd
Evita
The Phantom of the Opera
Cabaret
Follies
A Little Night Music
Show Boat
WOW!
We are sure that Prince will be an event to remember and cannot wait to see it!
Happy New Year and Happy Theatre!
Philip and Marilyn Langner
[…] joys of investing in plays and musicals even though statistically few turn an actual profit (click here to read it […]
[…] December we posted the news about our recommendation for this week in our Summer Series: Prince of Broadway. It is currently […]Is it a phantom itch? Seems like someone I know or someone they know either has bedbugs, a rash, crabs, THE scabies. Crap! No, wait.... a tax break for people under 5 feet, finally.
Today the sun is in full effect and I'm just about poisoned. I was lying in Union Square earlier with T-time organizing my take over the world to do list. I figure with all the techie nerds I've met in the last few months and the post art star movement T and I are punching our way to get going, we should be infecting your artistic tastes in about a year...maybe less. lets pray Jesus' baby's momma is kind to us and forgives me for making out with a a straight up homosexual man last night.
First and foremost go here drop.io/ybbs leave interesting comments. We in return will gift you with a free baked good recipe.
2. Be a lamb and buy my merch (t-shirts, handbags, boy shorts, tube tops coming end of April)
Finally,
3.pay me to read your mind. I really am a psychic trained by a long line of readers from the 11th dimension. See, no one SEES them so people try to discredit me. When in reality the fact that I communicate with higher beings on a separate plane of existence is proof of my powers and ability to conjure up THE MAGICS. Stick a tray of cupcakes and you get frosted hot dogs whose nutritional value is equivalent to a 900 calorie bag of peanuts.
In regards to yesterday's anti-war protest march and pillow fight in the financial district. It is not BYO-ISSUES people.....sometimes you have to be quiet. Children be quiet.
Yes, I have two friends who live on Wall street, direct descendants of future outsourcers and they both have a gym membership. I have a gym membership for the next six months which will increase my fro-yo intake and today I will collect all the change I left on the treadmill last week.
Now its off to IKEA to acquire wine glasses...ciao mis paisas!A few weeks ago, I worked with the staff at GoGirl Finance and asked them to create a customized webinar to discuss medical school loans. It’s a topic that’s frequently mentioned in the medical community, and yet so little information is available on ways to pay back such huge sums. Caryn Effron and Sarah Chang at GoGirl Finance were generous enough to help us. They selected Jacquette Timmons of Sterling Choices as the expert to handle our questions and present us with a webinar.
Jacquette did an excellent job of listening to the needs of my community, a group of 100 or so spouses of medical school students, all attending an international school. Our student loans will be above the $300,000 mark when our students graduate, which left my community with a lot of questions regarding our futures. The most pertinent questions involved our future as families. Many of us wondered if we’d be able to afford having children or even buy a house like so many of our friends and family members who did not take the medical school route. Luckily, Jacquette was able to answer all of our questions, building her webinar around the theme of “Managing Expectations.”
Jacquette utilized several visual aids, asking us to write down what we want to earn, spend, save, and invest in the four quadrants of a circle. Unlike many financial experts, Jacquette asked us to fill in the numbers we wanted (not the numbers we have) to find out how much we needed to make to have those goals fulfilled. This helped us to visualize where we’d like to be. For now, however, we will have to adjust these numbers based on our student loan disbursements.
The other important piece of advice that Jacquette gave us was to use our student loans like a salary. This means that even though it’s borrowed money, we should save, spend, and invest just as we would if we were getting paychecks. This helped many women to feel as though they could get started on many of their savings and retirement goals.
Overall, we really appreciated the time that Jaquette took to do her research on our situation and present it in a fun and interesting way. She has a great personality and is very approachable and easy to listen to. We would highly recommend her services in the future. You can learn more about Jacquette and her financial advising services by visiting.
{ 1 trackback }Amongst a series of embarrassments for UKIP at the first plenary session of the new European Parliament, none was bigger than comments made by Godfrey Bloom MEP, whom UKIP named as its representative for the European Parliament Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
Proudly proclaiming that he would be representing "men's rights" on the committee, Bloom made clear his views on a number of gender equality issues.
On maternity leave, he said that "[if] you want to have a baby, you hand in your resignation and free up a job for another young lady", explaining.
"Regulation in protection of women is all well and good in academic and government circles. If you're a small business, you'd be a lunatic to hire a woman of child bearing age." A party spokesman then backtracked from Bloom's position, suggesting that an exemption for businesses with less than 20 employees could solve much of the problem.
He also claimed that he wanted "to deal with women's issues [...] because I just don't think they clean behind the fridge enough." He added: "I am here to represent Yorkshire women, who always have dinner on the table when you get home."
Labour MEP Glenys Kinnock said that Bloom is "entitled to join the committee, though I wouldn't hold out much hope he'll enjoy it or get an easy ride." However, UKIP's attendance record in the last parliament suggests that he will attend only enough meetings to qualify for parliamentary allowances.
Kathy Sinnott, an Irish member of the Independence and Democracy group, to which UKIP belongs, said that she is considering whether she can remain a member of the same political group in the Parliament.
Despite his bluster, neighbours of Bloom point out that for all his straight talking, his home life does not bear out his notions of a woman's work being cleaning and cooking - his wife Katie is one of the country's leading horse physiotherapists.
In his home village of Wressle, Yorkshire, the Guardian found that Mr Bloom's neighbours were distinctly unimpressed with their new representative in Europe, with women in the village describing him as a "buffoon".
"My husband and I are a small business, and I can tell you they wouldn't exist without women," local businesswoman Claire Smith told the Guardian.
The Guardian was also told of Bloom's notoriously explosive bonfire night party and how, according to fellow guests, he lectures dinner parties on subjects such as the "lack of famous women composers".
Sources:;;;; The Independent, 21 July 2004Herbal Tea for Better Health & Sleep (Plus a Secret for Stress Relief, Too)! by Lori Leal
Herbal teas have a whole range of health benefits, which vary depending on the type you choose. I'm an avid tea drinker, and for me night time is the right time! I love a cup of hot tea on a cold night. It's the perfect way to get cozy and relax. I grab a good book, my tea du jour and snuggle up. I sleep better when I take this time for myself.
I'll follow up with a few of my top herbal tea choices soon! Also, I love to add a teaspoon of Natural Vitality's Natural Calm for a magnesium boost, which is a known stress-reliever as well. Score!
Natural Vitality Natural Calm Magnesium Anti-Stress $24
30Second Mobile, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
join discussionBurgers born out of boredom. I decided I wanted burgers so just got creative, you might want to play around with quantities but these turned out really nice. Great for BBQs or teatime treats.
Please note, I just threw these together and it worked for me, you might like to play around with the ingredients, please leave a comment if you do something different and it works.
You can also cook these burgers under the grill or in the oven. If under the grill, cook for approximately 8 minutes for medium, flipping once during cooking. If cooking in the oven, bake at 180 C / Gas 4 for approximately 10 to 12 minutes for well done.I Trust My Life To Science
A few days ago I ordered two ten-gram-packs of Nux Vomica homeopathic remedy. Today I went to the pharmacy to pick it up. I paid a total of 16,60€, 8,30€ per pack. Nux Vomica, the listed active ingredient, is a poisonous tree native to india. Its seeds contain Strychnine, the bark contains the very similar brucine, aswell as other poisonous compounds.
Nux Vomica is potentially lethal to humans. 32 mg of strychnine are needed to kill and adult, so eating only a few Nux Vomica seeds would already do the trick. This is what such a death would look like:: Wikipedia)
In a very small dose, Nux Vomica works as a laxative. In a higher dosis that is still below the lethal threshold, it leads to violent convulsions and muscle spasms.
As I said, I just legally purchased 20 grams of that stuff, at the pharmacy, without a prescription of any kind.
Tomorrow, I am going to swallow all of it.
Let me repeat: This is over the counter medicine, bought in a respected pharmacy. And not only does it clearly state a potentially lethal poison as the active ingredient on its label, but the package insert specifically warns not to take more than the recommended dose of five of the tiny sugar pills, and to immediately see a doctor in case of an overdose.
Despite all that I’m not the least bit worried about the consequences. I am not going to die. I am not even going to experience the slightest discomfort, beyond the taste of a mouthful of sugar. And that is because in homeopathic remedies, the active ingredient is diluted so much that there is absolutely nothing left of it.
Of course, homeopaths know that. They offer all kinds of excuses for why it might still work, mainly the claim that water has some sort of ability to retain a “memory” of the ingredient, and thus the desired effects, even in the absence of said ingredient. Of course, they might be right. Everybody has an anecdote of someone who is into homeopathy and was healed many times by it. So many people swear on its miraculous power, could they possibly all be wrong? Well, of course they could. And even though there are people who think that this is rather far-fetched and unlikely, I am willing to wager my life on it.
My confidence will become more understandable the more you read about the supposed “science” behind homeopathy. Not only has it never conclusively been shown to work, there is not even a known mechanism or even hypotheses explaining how it might work.
The label on my recently bought bottles of homeopathic Nux Vomica – “remedy” also contains information on the concentration of active ingredient. Being an over the counter medicine, it has to. The concentration is given here is “D30” – a cryptic phrase, after all those who sell it are playing on the fact that hardly anybody knows about the principle behind it. What it means is that it has been diluted in a concentration of one in 10 raised to the power of 30. That’s a one followed by thirty zeroes:
1 in 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 – that means it’s a concentration of one molecule of active ingredient in 30 tons of water.
Which basically means that if you spill one drop of strychnine into the water of the New York Harbour, and I drink a glass of water from the Rotterdam Harbour, I have about as much chance to catch a molecule of active ingredient as by swallowing the sugar pills I just bought.
Standing in the Pharmacy with a bottle of homeopathic remedy in my hand that I had just bought and paid for, and generally being the guy I am, of course I couldn’t just leave without a comment. So I commented:
Excuse me, I’m wondering. I mean, why exactly do you sell these at all? As a Pharmacist you know that the only difference between all those bottles (I gestured at the rack behind her) is on the label, right?
She looked at me blankly, for a brief moment completely confused. Which is understandable. I mean, this wasn’t exactly fair. I came there prepared, while she was completely unsuspecting, thinking she was only dealing with a satisfied customer picking up his order when I jumped her with that question. Nevertheless, I felt I needed to make that point. Considering the situation, she kept her wits rather well.
Girl: “What do you mean?”
Me: “I mean that there’s no trace of any active ingredient in any of them. If you’d remove the labels, no homeopath in the world could tell the difference.”
Girl (confused): “But you just bought it!”
Me: “Yes, I’m with a group of skeptics who will collectively take an overdose tomorrow, to educate the public about the fact that there is nothing in it.”
Girl: “Oh, so you mean with the dilution and all”
Me: “Exactly.”
Girl: “Well, there are studies that show that it works, so…” (She left the sentence hanging)
Me: “Yeah, there’s about a handful of them. All of which have been discredited. On the other hand there are hundreds of credible ones that show no effect at all.”
Girl: “Well, there’s still thousands of people who will swear on it!”
Me: “Yes, but all they have to offer is anecdotes. There’s also thousands of people who swear on fortune-telling. Actually, there’s probably even thousands of people claiming to be the reincarnation of Napoleon. That doesn’t mean much.”
Girl: “Yes, but as long as it works for them, there’s no harm in selling it, no?”
Me: “Selling them sugar. At a price of eight euro per ten gram. No, that’s right I suppose. No harm. I just wonder about the ethics of it.”
Girl: “Well. You could talk to one of the pharmacists if you like.”
Me: “No, that’s alright. I’m not here to change anybody’s mind. I’m just making a point: Not all of your customers are happy about your support of pseudo-scientific woo. Have a nice day.”
“On the other hand there are hundreds of credible ones that show no effect at all.”
Hundreds? I think not.
Jinzang
February 4, 2011 at 20:48
Go to pubmed.com, and see for yourself.
A search for “Homeopathy” returns 4291 hits (as of today), “homeopathy effectiveness” returns 204 hits.
The number among those papers that provides credible evidence that homeopathy works at all: 0.
The number among those papers that suggests a mechanism by which it could work: 0.
I could bother to search for meta-studies that include more than the studies published in pubmed, but I am not going to do your homework for you.
Ochiudo
February 4, 2011 at 21:57
Moron. Your method invalidates your argument.
You’re not using it correctly and your demonstration is irrelevant. Your not sick with symptoms exhibited by the Nux vomica repertory. often more like an art. I think this is where homeopathy is challenged and needs more research and understanding.
I reject the idea that homeopathic medicines are a scam because “research” doesn’t meet the standards of “skeptical” teenage no-minds like you. Most in your skeptic community are scientist “wanna-bes” basing their opinions on self-proclaimed experts who have more of an interest in self-promotion, junk journalism and book selling.
If you were credible and truly scientific with a valid opinion you wouldn’t be dropping entire bottles of pills in your bodies to make a point, especially when the point is moot, irrelevant and demonstrates the lack of depth of your research and understanding about how homeopathy is meant to be used.
1) On Regulation
2) On Peer Reviewed Research
N.C.
February 4, 2011 at 20:52
It’s kinda funny to be called a “teenage no-mind” by someone opening up his comment with an insult, thus clearly demonstrating the unwillingness to have any serious argument. You just can’t get much more immature than that sulky, stroppy comment you just wrote.
Well, anyhow. Since other people are reading this too, I’ll humour you with an answer. To be perfectly clear: That is the only reason I bother.
It is you who are misunderstanding the point we are making. This is not going to change the minds of homeopaths. We are already fully aware of that, thank you.
This is about educating the general public, which is largely unaware of what homeopathy even is. If you ask people on the street what they think homeopathy is you’ll get answers like “herb medicine” and “all natural”. THESE are the people we are trying to get to a) inform themselves and b) think about what they are swallowing there. Most homeopathy end-users simply have no clue. And what we’re aiming to do here is to shake people up a little, spark some interest in the controversy.
Call me arrogant (or did you already?…*looks up*… nope… you must have missed that one), but I think the job is done at that point. Once people get interested and have a look at the nutty theories behind homeopathy (dilution, succussion, like-cures-like) they’ll figure out for themselves that this is a load of bull.
I know that me swallowing a spoonfull of sugar and miraculously surviving won’t change the mind of people like you. Frankly, I don’t care. You’re not the one I’m talking to.
My actions are not due to a lack of understanding. I have had discussions with many a homeopath, and am more aware of how it’s “meant to be used” (So now the user’s mere intention has an effect on the efficiancy of the treatment too?) than most users. It is not those crackpot theories of the structure of water allowing it to form temporary bonds which that supposedly makes it able to store information that I worry about. I also do not worry at all about your funny “law of the similars” which is what passed for medicine in the dark ages and essentially boils down to a belief in magic.
What I worry about is that a shockingly large percentage of homeopathy-users has never even heard of any of those things. THAT is what I’m aiming to change. And for that, you can hardly deny that taking in large “overdoses” of poisonous substances is a very efficient tool.
That just on a general level. Now to some of the specific claims you make:
“Further, there are hundreds of peer reviewed research studies that document the clinical effectiveness of homeopathic medicines.”
Oh, indeed? Provide a single one. I am so sick of hearing “Oh, there is evidence!”. PROVIDE IT or shut the fuck up. I’m serious. Provide a link to a single published paper that has not been discredited and provides even a shred of evidence for the effectiveness of Homeopathy beyond the placebo-effect. The REAL placebo-effect, by the way, not the miraculous all-powerfull ultimate healing force which you people so often (mistakenly) seem to think it is.
“The manufacturing of homeopathic medicine is well regulated and controlled in the United States.”
So what? The manufacture of spray-paint is also strictly regulated. What does that have to do with anything? So you have strict regulations for the production of sugar pills. Does that prove that those sugar pills are effective medicine? I think not.
“Homeopathic medicines have worked for millions of people for a couple of centuries.”
As I already pointed out when the pharmacist threw this at me: That doesn’t mean anything.
The belief that the world is flat has worked for millions of navigators for a couple of centuries. Doesn’t make it true. Go to wikipedia and look up “bandwagon fallacy”.
“If you were credible and truly scientific with a valid opinion you wouldn’t be dropping entire bottles of pills in your bodies to make a point […]”
Actually, if making a point was always as easy as swallowing a spoonful of sugar, scientists would do it all the time. That you call “pills” what I call “sugar” is exactly the point I’m making here.
Lastly, to your two links:
1) is irrelevant for the reasons I pointed out above. Strict regulation of manufacture is not evidence of effectiveness of treatment.
2) Oh, it’s a list of titles and names. How very impressive. For obvious reasons, I will not unearth all those magazines and books from 2002, read them all, and then get back to you. But I can criticise numerous things about that list already, merely from having looked at the titles and sources.
A): NO LINKS. There is not a single link provided there. Just a list of titles and names. Apparently, none of the “evidence” is available online, or for free. Unlinke conventional medicine, where I can look up next to anything on pubmed within a matter of minutes.
B): OUT OF DATE. There is nothing in it more recent than 2007. Which, by science standarts, is ridiculously out of date. Actually, most of it is from 2002 and 2005.
C): BIASED SOURCES. The sources cited are almost exclusively openly biased. “Journal of Homeopathy” is not a credible source for critical information about homeopathy, for obvious reasons.
There is not a single article on that list that was published by credible medical sources: No “Nature Magazine”, No “The Lancett”, no Pubmed. If there was actual evidence for a treatment that works by previously unknown mechanisms (memory of water), these three would have been all over it. And those who proved the existence of a mechanism such as the ability of water to carry information would be under consideration for a nobel-prize in both physics and chemistry, at least.
D): TOO MUCH PLACEBO. I already know that there is such a thing as the placebo effect. I don’t need papers that tell me that Homeopathic remedies can be USED AS placeboes: Anything that looks like a pill and lacks an active ingredient can. I can make pills of flour and use them as placebos, and then publish a study about the effectiveness of placebo-pills – that does’t lend credibility to flour-pills being of actual medicinal value.
I have a challange for you. Two, acutally. First, provide a link to a study that I can actually read, not just a list of names and titles of mostly irrelevant stuff that was published 5 years ago by sources with a clear financial interest in the outcome of the studies. Can you do that? So far, no homeopath could.
Second, get the best homeopath you can find, a true master of the “art” that you’re so fond of. Then take the label off of a bottle of homeopathic remedy and have him identify it.
Alternatively, take a group of (human or non-human) animals, infect them with a common cold, treat one half with a placebo and the other with homeopathy. After a period of time you can freely choose, have the homeopath identify the groups.
Oh, and come to think of it, tell my why no homeopath has ever successfully taken on challange #2. It’s a cheap study, you could do it with cows or mice for less than 5000 dollars. And it would prove effectiveness beyond reasonable doubt. What’s keeping you?
Ochiudo
February 5, 2011 at 00:28
I have been looking for a good idea for a Masters study for a while now, and am truly tempted to take on challenge #2… the problems: 1. many many similar studies have already been carried out (with migraines, depression, fibromyalgia, ADHD, rheumatoid arthritis….the list goes on) and 2. I already know the outcome of the study :D the discussion section of my report writes itself; “this study provides no evidence to support a therapeutic effect of homeopathic remedies above and beyond that of a placebo”…
Yea, I’d be a little biased. Perhaps it wouldn’t be such a good idea for me to take on the challenge…
Leila
October 7, 2011 at 01:36
My two cents on that: I’d generally stay away from topics on which I have already formed an opinion, unless I could honestly say that I’m willing to have it changed.
In all of science, bias is a thing to be taken gravely serious.
With your stance on the topic you’d only discredit your own work before you’ve even started it, which doesn’t seem like something worth doing. Also, while beating a dead horse can be fun sometimes, why not aim to make a more valuable contribution to your field? I’d opt to keep looking.
Ochiudo
October 7, 2011 at 10:44
Nice blog, found from a 10:23 critic. I like that they help connect like minded people, not their intention I’m sure.
Don’t forget to offset your woo footprint:
EnglishAtheist
February 4, 2011 at 21:09
Hey EnglishAtheist,
Yes, the 10:23 thingy has brought me a lot of readers, and introduced me to a wide range of new blogs which I now follow regularly. You are mistaken, though, networking and raising the profile of skeptic organisations within and among the participating nations and cities was one of the stated goals of this campaign right from the beginning.
It was also arguably the one that was best achieved, even more successfully than educating the public about the emptiness of homeopathic claims.
Ochiudo
February 7, 2011 at 18:21
[…] wenige Stunden bis zur “10:23″-Aktion der Skeptiker. Motto: “I Trust My Life To […]
Homöopathie: Der Film zu “10:23″ | gwup | die skeptiker
February 4, 2011 at 23:17
[…] wurden prompt junge Aufklärer genannt, die ihre Vorbereitung auf die hiesige 10:23-Kampagne im Vorfeld ausführlich dargelegt hatten und […]
Homöopathie: GWUP bringt ersten Aufklärungsfilm — wissenrockt.de
February 5, 2011 at 13:01
welcome you Fuck me like a slut and cum on my face my nickname (Anya09)
Copy the link and go to me… bit.ly/2wBKSBp
8841222928867
Marilyncok
August 30, 2017 at 12:47The Smith family consisting of a mother, father and six children operates as a democracy (much like California). Mom and Dad (M&D) are tax paying because they have taxable income but all eight are voters. The oldest child, Nancy, is the budget director and chief negotiator with the children’s union that establishes work rules (for chores) and wage rates (allowances). Their constitution states that the position that Nancy holds is the only elective office (Nancy won election by a vote of 6 to 2.) M&D hold virtually all the remaining power to establish bedtimes, school choices, etc., that govern the household.
Nancy won election by promising the children’s union more generous benefits and once elected negotiated a very favorable union contract with the family.
M&D, as the only taxpayers, were opposed to the contract but with only two votes of the eight had no power.
The family is now operating with a considerable annual deficit financed by debt.
When credit cards are “maxed out” it seems inevitable that equity in the home will be a source of funding in the form of mortgage loans. It is pretty well understood that the budget is unsustainable and that the only answer may be a restructuring of the union contract, but the membership has already indicated that the answer in its view is higher taxes (and second jobs for M&D).
CHARLES KRAMER
Alta Loma11/14/10
Attn: Mayor Setti Warren Re: MBTA Herbicide spraying
Posted by Ellie at 11/14/2010
Labels: glyphosate, herbicides, Mayor Setti Warren, MBTA
Promoting the life and legacy of Rachel Carson, 5/27/1907 - 4/14/1964. Fostering a culture of Sentinel Lions who share Rachel's ethics and values. Working for sustained political and cultural change to prioritize public health.10 of the Most Common Problems You May Encounter with Your Roof
It isn’t at all uncommon for your roof to experience damage, but urn into a huge problem if it is left untreated. It can be just a minor leak, and it can create a lot of damage, especially to the interior of your home, such as ruined ceilings, wallboard and insulation. Therefore, it is very important that you take the time out of your day to regularly inspect your roof. This helps to detect minor issues long before they develop into major problems that require costly repairs. Here are 10 of the most frequent issues that you may come across with your roof:
Problem #1: The Sun.
Over time, the UV rays from the sun can result in the deterioration of your roof. This is particularly true if you have an asphalt singled roof. The asphalt shingles can dry, blister and crack, eventually coming loose and possibly falling off. If this happens, the sheathing underneath will be exposed – as will the roof – to the various weather elements.
Problem #2: Snow and Ice.
Your roof can really take a beating from snow and ice. As the build-up of snow and ice melt, the water will make its way beneath the flashing and shingles where it will eventually refreeze. When it refreezes, it will lift the flashing and shingles, allowing for more water to seep through. The cycle can then start all over again. Eventually, the flashing and shingles can come loose or you can just have bad leaks on your hands. In either case, it is important to check your roof each spring if you live in an area where snow, ice and freezing are conditions you deal with regularly.
Problem #3: Strong Gusts of Wind.
Another issue that you have is the wind, and it doesn’t mean that there has to be a strong storm coming through the area for you to deal with strong winds. You can have strong gusts of wind on a perfectly clear, sunny day, and these gusts of wind can be strong enough to either lift or tear your shingles off of your roof. So, keep an eye out on the ground for pieces or entire shingles.
Problem #4: Overhanging Tree Limbs.
Tree limbs that hang over your roof can rub against the surface of your roof causing the protective top layer of your shingles to be rubbed away. If branches were to fall onto your roof from a nearby tree, this can cause even more damage, such as puncturing a hole in your roof. So, on a regular basis, it is important to take the time to trim back tree limbs as much as possible away from your roof. If there is a roof that appears to pose a threat to the roof and your home as a whole, it is a good idea to have the entire thing removed as soon as possible.
Problem #5: Birds/Small Wildlife.
Birds and other small wildlife can do more damage to your roof than you could ever imagine. For instance, woodpeckers would make look for insects along the eaves by making holes. These holes, believe it or not, can get pretty large and the wood would be left exposed to moisture, which means that it could eventually rot. Another example would be racoons. These animals would want to try to get into attic and may try to pull up your flashing and shingles trying to get inside. Any damage that you notice from wildlife needs to be repaired immediately and you should try to figure out ways that would discourage the animals from messing with your roof.
Problem #6: Insects.
As a general rule, insects mess with the foundation of a home. However, they can do damage to your roof as well. For example, carpenter ants, termites and similar insects will chew at fascia boards and the eaves of your roof. Insects tend to be what attracts other wildlife to your roof as well. Try to eliminate the insects and you may just eliminate the wildlife problem at the same time.
Problem #7: The Flashing.
Flashing is located around vents, chimney and the edge of your roof – all of these areas can allow water to seep in for damage to develop. Around vent flashing, there is caulking, but it often dries out and shrinks. As for the edge flashing, it can become damaged when you deal with snow buildup and ice dams during the winter. Therefore, it is a good idea to try to avoid using sharp tools and avoid hammering on the flashing and to check the caulking on a regular basis so that it can be replaced before it deteriorates too bad.
Problem #8: Clogged Gutters.
If you’re going to have a gutter system on your home, you need to make sure that it works. If your gutters are broken or clogged, they can’t do their job. Water will back up and eventually seep into the roof eaves. When this happens, the wood will rot over time. Therefore, debris needs to be cleaned out on a regular basis and the gutters need to be inspected routinely for broken seams and brackets. It is recommended to consider adding a gutter guard system to keep debris out, which makes your job easier.
Problem #9: Poorly Ventilated Attic.
Your roof’s lifespan can quickly be shortened if your attic is not insulated properly. When your attic gets too hot over the summer months, the roof’s shingles “bake” from underneath. This causes them to dry out and become brittle. If the attic is too hot during the winter months, then the snow will melt at a fast pace and the water will refreeze. This continues repeatedly and causes the shingles and flashing to lift continuously.
Problem #10: Lack of Roof Maintenance.
If you fail to keep up with your roof maintenance, then you are going to have a host of problems. Most problems will start off small, such as the need to clean your clogged gutters or remove tree limbs that are hanging over your roof. However, when these issues are not corrected over a reasonable amount of time, they can result in significant roof damage. Therefore, regular inspections and routine maintenance can easily extend the lifespan of your home’s roof and also save you a considerable amount of money in the long run.
If you would like to schedule an inspection of your roof by a team of roofing professionals or need us to look at a problem that you found during your own inspection, give us a call at C and K Roofing.(Reuters) - The world needs greater transparency on the pricing of medicines, and an overhaul of some approaches, in order to increase access to life-saving drugs, global health experts said on Thursday.
Drugmakers are under growing fire as a wave of new treatments for serious conditions like cancer and hepatitis C come to market at sky-high prices, putting them out of reach of many patients and national health services.
“The problem has become global,” said Suzanne Hill, head of essential medicines at the World Health Organisation (WHO).
“Many of these (drugs) are now on the WHO model list of essential medicines but their high price is limiting access.”
Hill was speaking after a one-day forum on fair pricing sponsored by the U.N. health agency and the Dutch government in Amsterdam.
The meeting - involving governments, industry and civil society - was convened as a first step to drawing up concrete plans on drug pricing.
WHO assistant director-general Marie-Paule Kieny said there was agreement that industry needed reasonable returns on research and development, but governments should play a stronger role in setting prices and directing the drug research agenda.
A lack of transparency on drug development costs, how prices are set and the varying amounts charged for the same medicines in different countries are all viewed as obstacles to building a fairer system.
“More transparency is absolutely vital to give us evidence for future action,” Kieny told reporters.
Drugmakers are acutely sensitive to the issue, after Donald Trump accused them of “getting away with murder” on prices shortly before he was inaugurated as U.S. president - and it is also rising up the agenda in many other countries.
In a bid to placate payers, patients and politicians in the all-important U.S. market, several companies - most recently Sanofi - have pledged to limit price rises there.
Still, firms remain reluctant to specify exactly how they come up with drug prices and prefer to stress the value that their medicines bring.
So-called value-based pricing has become a mantra for much of the industry, but Kieny said she had “serious reservations” about a system that essentially puts a value on a life and then allows a drug to be priced up to that level.
“We think value-based pricing is not feasible for a product that is indispensable,” she said.
Thomas Cueni, head of the International Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers and Associations, said the Amsterdam meeting had been constructive, despite differences of opinions.
“What we would recommend firmly is not to shoot for the stars and get bogged down on ideological debate, but rather focus on one or two areas where there is consensus to think outside the box, like antimicrobrial resistance and shortages,” he said.
There is general agreement that new market models are needed to promote the discovery of novel antibiotics, which may end up being reserved for emergency use. Shortages of some off-patent generic medicines, caused by unsustainably low prices for some old drugs, is another shared concern.
Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Susan FentonMany more will be killed before the end of the campaign against illegal drugs, President Duterte said yesterday of his war on drugs that has claimed about 2,400 lives since he took office two months ago. AP/Bullit Marquez, file photo
Obama cancels meeting after Philippines president’s insult
Rodrigo Duterte warned President Obama not to ask him about extrajudicial killings related to his crackdown on drug dealers, and using a curse in Tagalog that can be translated as “son of a bitch,” he added, “I will swear at you in that forum.”
By CHRISTINE HAUSER
The New York Times
President Barack Obama canceled a meeting with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines scheduled for Tuesday in Laos, after the Philippine president directed an expletive at Obama on Monday.
Duterte warned Obama not to ask him about extrajudicial killings related to his crackdown on drug dealers, a campaign pledge that helped sweep him to victory in the country’s presidential election in May.
“I do not have any master except the Filipino people, nobody but nobody,” he said in remarks published by The Associated Press. Apparently addressing Obama, he added: “You must be respectful. Do not just throw questions.” Then, using a curse in Tagalog that can be translated as “son of a bitch,” he added, “I will swear at you in that forum.”
Obama, who was in China for a Group of 20 meeting, departed Monday for Laos, becoming the first U.S. president to visit the nation. In addition to taking part in the Asian regional summit meeting, he is scheduled to speak at a forum with young people.
Obama had planned to meet Duterte in Laos, but Ned Price, the National Security Council spokesman, said early Tuesday that the meeting had been canceled.
“Clearly, he’s a colorful guy,” Obama said Monday. “I always want to make sure if I’m having a meeting that it’s productive.”
Duterte, a former mayor of Davao, was apparently referring to the numbers highlighting his crackdown on drug dealers.
Last month, the Philippines’ top police official, Chief Ronald dela Rosa, told a Senate hearing that killings by the police and vigilantes in the country’s war on drugs had soared to nearly 1,800 in the seven weeks since Duterte was sworn into office.
Duterte’s public image has been characterized by bouts of coarse language. He has lashed out at his critics, threatening to withdraw from the United Nations after human rights experts called for a halt to the killings.
He joked about the rape of an Australian missionary during the presidential campaign. He cursed Pope Francis and his entourage for causing huge traffic jams in Manila during the pope’s visit to the Philippines in 2015.
CHRISTINE HAUSER
Reblogged this on The Stoker's Blog and commented:
BBP ON
“son of a bitch,”=useless kreepbitchoid
OFF–[Don’t know about “kreepbitchoid”, but the original Philippine slang term given sounds like “poontang”… “Putang ina” I will swear at you in that forum,” he said, using the Tagalog phrase for son of a bitch. —Peter]Hiện kết quả từ 1 tới 1 của 1
Chủ đề: Maghreb Solo 1
Full Member
- Tham gia ngày
- Jun 2011
- Bài gửi
- 4.011
- Thanks
- 0
- Thanked 2 Times in 2 Posts
- Năng lực viết bài
- 441
Maghreb Solo 1
Year: 2005
Genre: arabian men, amateur, masturbation
Duration: 2:27:02
Studio: Casbah Films / Body Prod
Description: Under the hot sun of Tunisia, we get some secret images of young and sexy boys. They are alone and miss SEX ... They show you all their private part of their body. They cum for your eyes only. 150 minutes of exclusive solos by 14 Tunisians. All top, masculine with very nice dicks. Come and watch them!
File size:686 MB
Download filesmonster:
Gay - Casbah Productions - Maghreb Solo
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
ESRI ArcGIS for Desktop 10.4.1...
cách đây 4 phút in Phần mềmi hope someone can help me. i am unable to connect to my wireless network with my hp pavilion dv8210us. it had been working fine then all of a sudden....i cannot connect, laptop doesn't even recognize the network. whats strange is that my other laptop can connect with no problem. i'm at a loss.
my laptop runs windows xp home with service pack 3.
any help/advice would be greatly appreciated.
thanks.GARTH AND TRISHA: Christmas Cover
Garth Brooks and Trisha Yearwood have shared the cover of their first duets album, Christmas Together.
In addition to duets, Garth and Trisha each take front and center for a few solo songs. There are also guest appearances, including a collaboration with James Taylor.
Garth says the best part of making the album was getting to spend more time with his wife.
Garth Brooks talks about making the duets album with Trisha: “Getting to spend time in the studio with Miss Yearwood was a blast. You’d think we’d get enough of each other, but that made it even more better.”
The album will be out on November 11th.
Garth also has an album of his own in the works. He’ll release details next Monday on his weekly Facebook series, Inside Studio G.by Pete Mazzaccaro
Next Tuesday is election day in Philadelphia. The big race is the Democratic primary for mayor, which in Philadelphia, where Democrats enjoy a huge registration majority, the Democratic mayoral nominee is as good as mayor elect. The last Republican to occupy the city’s mayoral office was Bernard Samuels who was elected to a third term in 1948.
There is no shortage of issues that are important to city voters this year. Education, taxes and crime are still high on the list of things voters care about. All are at play in this election.
But if I were to bet, I would guess voter turnout will not be high. It’s anyone’s guess as to why that may be – general apathy, indecision or wholesale disillusion – but the fact remains, turnout is often really low in the city.
In 2011, when Mayor Nutter was nominated to a second term, city turnout was a dismal 21 percent. Part of the reason for the poor turnout was Nutter’s opponent: Milton Street, the Philadelphia mayoral candidate version of the Washington Generals. In 2007, when Nutter first won the nomination, it was against a crowded field of Democratic candidates who spent significantly on campaigning. Yet Democratic turnout failed to reach 40 percent of eligible voters.
Low voter turnout isn’t only a city problem. It’s a national problem.
A recent study by the Pew Research Center found that the United States has the 31st lowest voter participation of 34 countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a group of developed, first-world democracies.
In 2012, almost 84.3 percent of registered U.S. voters made it to polls in a national election, which would appear to be a fantastic turnout. But when votes cast are measured against the number of U.S. citizens who are eligible to vote, the turnout rate declines considerably to 53.6 percent. It’s a total that puts us ahead of only Japan, Chile and Switzerland among that group of 34 nations.
According to the Pew report, voter turnout as a percentage of eligible voters has been remarkably consistent in the U.S.
From the report: “Since 1980, voting-age turnout has varied within a 9-percentage-point range – from 48% in 1996, when Bill Clinton was re-elected, to 57% in 2008, when Barack Obama won the White House.”
The consequences of low turnout are debatable. The 19th century French historian Alexis de Tocqueville said, “In a democracy, the people get the government they deserve.” Of all the institutions we have in the U.S., few are less popular than government. It could be argued that greater voter participation would result in a government that better reflects the people.
But perhaps turnout is more a reflection of the choices people feel they have. Our choices in government, particularly at the highest levels that attract greater media attention and campaign spending, are often pretty slim. To obtain the support of both party and financial backers is a difficult thing to do. The results are that few people can clear the necessary hurdles to candidacy.
If more people voted, it likely would mean very little in the outcomes of our elections. More voters does not automatically mean more candidates for office. We need to figure out how to get better choices. Better turnout will follow.Rage Install Size Confirmed For PS3
I'll have to keep this short tonight, since my computer has suffered what those in the tech industry call "crashing every ten minutes for no apparent reason."
Rumors have been circulating about the install for id Software's Rage, and the relative massiveness thereof. Said rumors, once considered scurrilous and entertained only by shifty-eyed men and women of ill-repute, have been validated by id's Tim Willits, in an interview with Eurogamer. The skinny is that PS3 owners will have a mandatory 8GB install, while 360 users will have a choice - "Installing all three discs is said to take up about 22GB in total, but you can avoid taking up unnecessary amounts of space all at once by installing only one disc at a time," according to 1UP - while PC enthusiasts will be treated to a rather hefty 25GB of data. The news of the PS3's rather large install file surely comes as good new to Carmack, who criticized the Blu-Ray's transfer speed during his Quakecon 2011 keynote - it's worth noting that Rage uses those comically vast "MegaTextures" in place of conventional design - and stated that id was in negotiations with Sony to allow for the larger install.
So there you go, a rather bothersome, mandatory install for PS3 owners - but ultimately, according to Carmack & Co., one that is a necessary evil. If your averse to hefty install times, chances are you might be reeling; if you're of the more jovial stripe, just think of one gig as a denomination of "awesome." According to my calculations, that would make Rage "eight awesomes."
Always a silver lining, boys and girls.
When you can buy a $500 GB HD to go in your PS3 for about the price of a game, this seems like a non-issue. A bit more of a problem for the 360 folks I would think.
Confirmed.
15 minute install on my PS3; same looping ominous-sounding music, same looping eight loading screens.
A quick check of my game data utility: 7674mb install.
And there's still a lot of texture pop-in, and occasional loading screens... wow.Taliesin 2 Floor.
In 1933, when Frank Lloyd Wright converted the original his own home, Taliesin.
The Taliesin 2 lamp arrives fully assembled. Simply remove the lamp from the packaging and plug it in.
The lamp has (10) 15Watt incandescent bulbs pre-installed as well as an on/off footswitch for easy power management.
Because our lamps are manufactured by hand, please allow 6-8Where I work has two separate desktop background policies: a standard one for all people and a custom one for certain departments. 10.9 really threw some spanners in the works when Apple shifted from MCX to their sqlite3 database to control this.
However thanks to being persistently bugged by Casper warning email messages around 50+ times per day, I think I have it! I should point out there are solutions out there for this, but they're mainly for the Munki crowd and written in python and in one case, Ruby. I am not a Ruby man. Or Python.
Anyway I like the idea of as few policies to do the job as possible. Also, as few scripts as possible too. So before I release this on my github ... here's what I have.
#!/bin/bash # Script to set desktop background for students # Author : r.purves@arts.ac.uk # Version 1.0 : Initial Version # Version 1.1 : 23/04/2014 - Massive reworking to use applescript for 10.8 and below, modify the db for 10.9+ # Version 1.2 : 24/04/2014 - Removed applescript because of osascript parsing issues. replaced with mcx. OSversion=$( sw_vers | grep ProductVersion: | cut -c 20-20 ) currentuser=$( ls -l /dev/console | awk '{print $3}' ) if [ "$4" = "custom" ]; then if [[ "$OSversion" -ge "9" ]]; then sqlite3 /Users/$currentuser/Library/Application\ Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db << EOF UPDATE data SET value = "/Users/Shared/Background/custombg.jpeg"; .quit EOF killall Dock else defaults write com.apple.desktop Background '{default = {ImageFilePath = "/Users/Shared/Background/custombg.jpeg"; };}' killall Dock fi else if [[ "$OSversion" -ge "9" ]]; then sqlite3 /Users/$currentuser/Library/Application\ Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db << EOF UPDATE data SET value = "/Library/Desktop Pictures/default_grey2560x1600.jpeg"; .quit EOF killall Dock else defaults write com.apple.desktop Background '{default = {ImageFilePath = "/Library/Desktop Pictures/default_grey2560x1600.jpeg"; };}' killall Dock fi fi exit 0
A little explanation as I haven't finished annotating my code yet. If you put the word "custom" in parameter 4 when calling the script, you'll get the custom background file or else you get the standard one.
For 10.8 computers and under, the script setting is done through an osascript call which has been detailed on many other posts on jamfnation. Since Casper scripts run as root, i'm using "su -l" to run the command as the currently logged in user which seems to help A LOT.
For 10.9 computers and above, i'm directly manipulating the currently logged in user's desktoppictures.db file and reprogramming ALL entries in the data table. To force the change through, I'm killing the dock process. It's not the most seamless process in the world, but it does work. This has not been tested for multi monitor support but it should theoretically work.
Credits and kudos for providing the information to make this all work go to the following: for his work on the database file side of things
/url">@rtrouton][/url for his work located at [
Please also take extreme note of the fact that the database file does NOT need the spaces in the file path escaped whereas the Applescript version does!
Kudos! Something we've been ignoring but I will try this for sure. Thanks for posting it up!
@boettchs You're very welcome! It's obviously very specific to my own requirements but it should be easily tailored to yours. Obviously test like crazy!
This looks great \- thanks for posting.
Thanks for posting. Although we don't have a need to adjust or manage the desktop picture here, I think the general model of this script could be adapted to work with other sqlite databases that Apple is using (which there seem to be more of with each new OS)
Also just wanted to quickly mention that your "OSversion" line could be simplified to just this-
This is clever.
But an advantage of Python scripts like this one: is that they use documented Apple APIs and therefore are likely to continue to work even if Apple changes how the data is stored.
You don't even have to understand the Python \- you can just use it -- in a Bash script if you want. In that case it's really no different than calling the `sqlite3` command from inside a Bash script (and less complicated, to boot):
Thanks everyone for their input and discussion on this topic.
I have been putting off desktop background update/maintenance as we drift away from MCX. Also as we get closer to a widespread 1:1 student deployment I don't worry (or care) as much about those student's desktop backgrounds being managed. However, I do like having a unified look in our remaining labs. This discussion will give me a place to start!
Thank you @gregneagle !
I actually investigated Graham's python script but i'm in the situation where our version of Casper doesn't really deal with python scripts too well. If it had, I would have used it instead. Storing scripts and other utilities on the desktop clients is sadly also right out for us. I won't bore you with the details as to why, suffice to say it's not a technical issue.
@mm2270 That's a good point but I was hacking this thing up quickly. Refinement comes later once it works ;)
Dear All,
I've modified the script above to remove the osascript stuff and replaced with the legacy mcx method.
cant this all work with a simple configuration profile? and the com.apple.desktop plist?
No as desktop wallpapers are set in a database file instead of the plist now.
Hi Franton,
Thanks very much for posting this.
I'm trying to get something based on it to work, but getting odd errors. Here's the script:
It's odd. I've been testing it by running it in the terminal, supplying the relevant arguments.
It seems to work on some machines, and not on others.
All the machines were built from the same image, and have the same policies applied.
I've tried running the script from local admin and network-authenticated non-admin accounts. On the machines where the script works, it works for both. On the other machines, it doesn't work for either.
Anyone any clues about what might be going wrong?
Alex
It's worth noting that if you don't need to conditionally change the desktop picture, but just want to be able to preset a particular background, it seems from my brief research, to be possible simply to setup the desktop picture as you want for a model user, and capture, package and deploy the desktoppicture.db to other users and machines via a policy. Seems to work on machines with identical monitors, at least.
If you do need to change the picture, you could make a package that conditionally installed one desktoppicture.db file or another for each user.
a.
please excuse the n00bness.
In one area of our University, they require a different wallpaper to be used to the one that is deployed as part of our base image.
i use the bash script above to force this change at logon and it works very well. the users have now asked that a different wallpaper is used for 2 accounts that are created via policy post install. How can I adapt this script so that when the user logs in with either the 'graphicsadmin' or 'edit' accounts they get a different wallpaper to the one that is used for all other accounts (local and ADS).
Many thanks,
Andy
Hi @andysemak ,
The trick is to modify the script to use a supplied username from Casper itself, then use different policies to do the script calling.
I attempted to run @franton][/url 's script which is posted above after making a few changes. Got an error "unexpected end of file". Attempted to run the following commands below manually, and still wasn't able to get the wallpaper to stick:
sqlite3 /Users/localaccount/Library/Application\ Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db UPDATE data SET value = "wallpaper directory entered here";
.quit
killall Dock
Not sure what steps to take from here but editing the plist and this local database aren't working for me. Did anyone else have luck with another method?
Please look at my original example again. You'll notice I'm not escaping out the file path with a \ in the sql commands.
I ran into the same error "unexpected end of file".
My current script:
#!/bin/bash
\# Script to set desktop background for SoulCycle Studio Macs running 10.9 and older OS Versions of OS X by user
\# Variables
OSversion=$( sw_vers -productVersion | cut -d. -f2 )
CurrentUser=$( ls -l /dev/console | awk '{print $3}' )
StudioWall="/Library/Desktop\ Pictures/SoulCycle_Retail_Wallpaper.jpg"
Plist="~/Library/Preferences/com.apple.desktop.plist"
\# Code excution
if [[ "$OSversion" -ge "9" ]]; then sqlite3 /Users/$CurrentUser/Library/Application Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db << EOF UPDATE data SET value = "$StudioWall"; EOF
killall Dock
then rm -rf /Users/$CurrentUser/Library/Application\ Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db defaults write $Plist Background '{default = {ImageFilePath = "/Library/Desktop\ Pictures/SoulCycle_Retail_Wallpaper.jpg"; };}'
killall Dock
fi
exit 0
As a work around I'm packaging the desktopbackgroup.db as a dmg from a current configured user and deploying it with FUT.
Trying to do variable substitution will not work at you're not in a shell environment when you run those SQLite commands!
Hi @franton
Have you managed to get this working with a second display?
Thanks
Joe
I'm not currently in a position to test, as I don't personally own one and i'm not currently employed. At some point I need to rework things a bit like:
That code needs a lot more refinement. I would have a look at the Graham Gilbert's python script that @gregneagle mentioned earlier too.
@ franton:
That very nice. Thanks for it.
For bonus points, how would we add a directory of a dozen photos to the SQLite DB and switch them every boot? The directory full of pics need to be treated like,e some sort of array? The setting to change at boot a separate setting in a defaults write command?
Enquiring (not very good scripting) minds want to know.
- Scott
@ScottyBeach May I refer you to this? @rtrouton has some example code that is better suited than mine is.
@ScottyBeach Not a bash version, but this from @gregneagle might work.
I've forked and modified this script in order to variablize the Desktop Picture path.
If you're interested, you can view progress on the fork here:
A documentation, logging, and comment pass is already coming. The main difference with this version is that instead of passing a binary flag (in this case the word "custom"), pass the path to the Desktop Picture at Parameter 4.Looking for things to do on date night that involve exploring other cultures (w/o purchasing airline tickets)? This is it..
So, we’ve gotten quite creative on our date nights, which is where the “Around the World” dates packet comes into play.
Things to do on Date Night: Choosing a Cultural Theme
Since going through the Dating Divas’ 10-day, Divorce Proof Your Marriage mini-course (it’s free!), dating one another has become a top priority for us. We’ve designated one night a week to be date night, and take turns with who is going to plan it out.
Some date nights are out of the house, and most date nights are in our home (after we put the little one to sleep).
I decided to add some pizzazz to our normal date nights, and not only get a friend to babysit for us – thank you so much, Sharareh! –.!
More Info on the Around the World Dates Packet
That was just ONE of the 12 date nights set up for you in the Around the World Dates packet. How fun knowing we have 11 more cultures to explore either from our home, or within the city of Houston!
To help you with things to do on date night and explore the fun of these 12 fantastic countries, all you’ll have to do is print off everything that’s included in the bundle.
For EACH country you get:
- An Invitation
- Recipe Cards
- A Date Night Activity
- A Sexy Bedroom Activity
- Bonus Ideas to Extend the Fun
You’ll be visiting places like India, France and Brazil. Get ready for TWELVE exotic “vacations” from the comfort of your own home! This bundle has absolutely everything you need for a full night of fun.
If you’re ready to immerse yourself in cultures from all over the globe – and I can’t WAIT for us to do more of these date nights – you can grab all twelve Around the World Date Nights and have the next year of adventures completely planned out.
This looks SO fun!!!.One-On-One with Luke Bonner: NBA MVP, Mustaches, Mini-Fro and More […]$32,362 (USD)
Average Base Salary
$16 (USD)/hr
Average Hourly Rate
$411 (USD)
Average Bonus
The average apprentice locksmith salary in Colorado, United States is $32,362 or an equivalent hourly rate of $16. This is 0% lower (+$30) than the average apprentice locksmith salary in the United States. In addition, they earn an average bonus of $411. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Colorado, United States.
Salary by Experience
$24,823 (USD)
Entry Level Salary
$38,519 (USD)
Senior Level Salary
Are you paid fairly?
Calculate your market salary rate to find out.Calculate Salary
Job Description
Education
Jobs that May Interest You
Carpentry - Door Hardware
access_time Posted 8 days ago
account_balance Colorado Network Staffing, Inc.
location_on Denver
Perform a variety of carpentry and locksmith functions. * Use a variety of hand tools, power tools ... High school diploma/GED and completion of a craft apprenticeship, or an equivalent number of years ...
Discover How Much You Should Be Paid
Get informed of your market rate.
Do you work in HR or Compensation?
Try our professional compensation software to generate detailed salary and cost of living reports.Try Free Demo
Apprentice Locksmith Salaries by City
Similar Job TitlesTucker James Willson weighing 7 pounds, 14 ounces was born Nov. 20, at the Charlevoix Area Hospital to Eryn Willson and Brenda Smith of East Jordan. His siblings are Kylee, Kaiydin, Michael and Alexander. His grandparents are Tracy Smith of East Jordan, the late Robin Mcleese Follette of Boyne City and Wayne and Angie Willson of Cadillac. His great grandparents are Murray and Joanne Follette of Boyne City and Burton and Maxine Willson of East Jordan.
Tylar Marshall Williams weighing 7 pounds, 14 ounces was born Nov. 17, at the Charlevoix Area Hospital to Don and Midy Williams of East Jordan/Mancelona Area. His sibling is Elliana Leaman Williams. His grandparents are Steve and Debbie Leaman of East Jordan, Mich., and Jake and Joan Williams of Traverse City, Mich. His great grand parents are John and Fay Leaman of East Jordan, Don and Maryelee Williams of Mancelona and Nancy Myer of Rapid City, Mich.Stewardship, Welcoming, And Economic Justice: Part I of II
If you have worked with me as a consultant to your congregation, or you have been in a workshop with me at General Assembly, you probably know that I am quite fond of the Suggested Fair Share Giving Guide (SFSGG). In fact I consider it an important economic justice and welcoming document.
Many congregations struggle with getting people to use the SFSGG. They hand it out, include it in mailings, add it to their brochures (usually in very small print) – yet people do not seem to use it. Or they use it for a yearly cycle or two and then let it fall into disuse.
I often find that in some congregations only part of the Guide is used, usually the part that is a grid-chart. And congregations sometimes edit the SFSGG so that the income amounts are lower, or they do not include the highest percentage levels. They do this because they assume that people do not have those resources, or that they would never give at those percentage levels, or that they would be offended at even the suggestion that they would give that much. Perhaps they personally object to some piece of language on the chart. Or they may think that someone is trying to impose specific giving levels on them – i.e. the Guide is designed to get more money out of unsuspecting people. Some people may even think (incorrectly!) that they are revealing personal financial information if they use the Guide. Actually it is a personal tool and no one else need ever see it, nor can deduce what was on it.
I find all of this to be sad – and a missed opportunity because, if used well, the SFSGG is wonderful. Here is what I have learned about its use:
- People will not use the Guide unless someone walks them through how it is used, with an actual example. Usually the person explaining it has used it and tells something about how they use it themselves. Generally no one wants to be told what to do, yet people are usually interested in someone else’s authentic story.
- There are two parts to the Guide – the grid chart part and the “Determining Your Income” part. Without both parts, it is not really “fair.” If you just include the chart, people may balk at it, and may have good reason to. When you use the “Determining Your Income”, you can account for resources and challenges that make the chart section of the Guide more reasonable.
- Editing the chart to protect your members, adapt to what you consider local levels of poverty or wealth, or because you do not think people are already giving at those levels will not help. In most cases this indicates that the SFSGG is not well enough understood.300 East Jefferson Street
Boise, ID 83712
208-381-4100
Dci Dermatology Clinic of Id
661 S Rivershore Ln # 130 Eagle, AK
520 South Eagle Road Meridian, ID
Dr. Ririe is very conscientious about caring for her patients. I always feel confident that I will get the best care. She listens to me and encourages questions.And she knows her stuff!4Deerfield, IL– April 4, 2012 – Ravinia Plumbing & Heating was recently awarded a 2011 President’s Award from Carrier Corp. The Highland Park-based HVAC dealer, which also won the award in 2010, was selected and honored at a ceremony held on April 1 in Las Vegas.
.”.
…... 30 years since this concert occurred.
Video quality aside, is there any reason to buy the Blu-ray version over the standard DVD version?
Curious that b&m stores such as Target and Best Buy don't seem to be stocking this new release.
Roy Orbison "Black&WhiteNight 30" Blu-ray Has it All (And More)
To create this superbly produced and presented set, Roy's son Roy, Jr. along with brothers Alex and Wesley went to the time and expense of re-transferring all of the available and re-transferred HD footage from the seven camera shoot (six on the stage, one on the audience).
The notes point out that the majority of the footage here has never before been seen—and that's just of the original concert. In addition, there's footage of the post-"official concert" concert, which occurred after the over-the-limit audience had been ushered out by nervous fire marshals. The band and Roy returned to the stage for another go-round of "(All I Can Do is) Dream You", "The Comedians", "Candy Man", "Claudette", and "Uptown". An alternative version of "Oh, Pretty Woman" recorded during the "official" concert has been inserted into the official concert running order (along with the previously used one).
But wait! There's more! There's also bonus rehearsal and interview footage and a photo gallery with Jackson, T Bone, Elvis, k.d., Bonnie, Bruce, Tom, Jennifer, J.D. and Steven (Soles).
What's more, it's all been remixed in both stereo and 5.1 versions and damn if that "perfect" digital hasn't been made more so yet again. In fact, this version's sound is astonishingly free of all of what you hate about "digital". It's rich, full and warm, especially Roy's voice, which will have loyal Roy fans reaching for Kleenex. All or most of the artificial reverb added to the original has been stripped away leaving among the most palpable and honestly textured of all recorded Roy—I got to hear that "live" once (once in a life-time experience), standing directly in front of the stage between Roy and the P.A. system at a not particularly well-attended special June, 1988 C.E.S. Chicago show at The Drake Hotel.
The original Blu-ray's ham-handed mix, which placed the background singers bright, hard and too loud in the surround speakers, has been replaced with a far more subtle and sophisticated mix. It might be fair to criticize it for being somewhat too soft and too Roy-centric at the expense of the band, but I'll take it! The video transfer as well is superb.
Now for the first time you can watch this love-fest unfold as it happened instead of being chopped up to create a false (but entertaining) narrative. It's actually more exciting seen this way, and more astonishing as well in so many ways: thirty years, everyone looks so young because they were.
In addition there's a remastered CD from the stereo re-mix also presented in the original running order and it too sounds really good, though in some ways I prefer the original stereo mix found on the LP (minus the annoying added reverb that Roy did not at all need!). IMO the background singers panned hard right are up in level too high.They are better tucked into the mix on the original. Otherwise, in most ways the new mix is warmer, smoother, more natural and less edgy and "digital" circa 1989 (when the LP was released). The clapping on the records sounds like rain on a tin roof. On the CD it sounds like clapping. But most importantly, Roy's voice both on the CD and on the video soundtrack sounds gossamer-like.
I never tire of watching all of these greats paying tribute to Roy Orbison and doing it all out of love and respect. That pours from the screen regardless of which version you watch and for those of us who never lost sight of Roy in the '70s and early '80s, this concert and of course The Traveling Wilburys was justice well-served! Highly recommended of course! Thanks Roy's Boys!
Sony/Legacy 88985404832 Blu-ray and CD+digital download of the bonus "secret post show" audio.
- Log in or register to post comments
... 30 years since this concert occurred.
I'm pretty sure neither video nor sound quality will not be any better on Blue-ray. Nevertheless, the DVD standard is going to fade away in time and it is very possible, that in close future you probably won't have any device to play the old good DVDs. So if the Blue-ray version is in your price range, I advise you to buy it :)
... the Best Buy site shows that the code for the Blu-ray+CD version is 889854126223 whereas the code for the DVD+CD
version is 889854048327. The allmusic.com site seems to confirm that info.
88985404832 seems to be the CD/DVD release
I have been listening and watching that show for the same 30 years, and I cannot wait to pick this up. I always acted a bit too tough to like Roy's style when I grew up in the 80's, but once I saw the original airing (Big Costello and T-Bone fan back then), I cried rivers over Roy's pure emotion and crystalline voice!
His voice is just really astonishing of the power and grace it possesses, I can only think of Jeff Buckley who also shared that ability to make grown men ball instantly. I'm sure there are many others.
Despite really not knowing much of him prior to that, his instant status of cool was completely cemented when I saw dozens of the greatest of the rock greats grace the stage with him.
Here it is 3rd week in March, and I can't find the new Blu-Ray release on Amazon. All I see are CDs, old (2008) BR, DVD, imports etc.
If it's not in Best Buy/Target either, perhaps it's not actually been released yet.
Or maybe we'll just wait for it to appear during a PBS fundraiser (again), like it did back in the '90s.
... the two versions (DVD or Blu-Ray) listed as available to order on their websites. It's just that they're not stocking them in the physical stores. Best Buy shows that the release date was 2/24/17.
I could have sworn I saw this on vinyl at my local record store a couple of days ago. Is this possible? If the've cleaned up the sound on the Blu-ray & CD then perhaps the vinyl version is worthy of consideration. You think Mikey? I have the original LP and that's whay I didn't grab it but now I am re-thinking this. The LP I saw also comes with the MP3 download code so it must be this release. Ha!
Yes it is in black and white and occasionally grainy on purpose for effect but I highly recommend this blu ray disc. The DTS sound is outstanding and Roy has assembled one of the greatest back up bands ever. I could listen to this over and over and use frequently to demo the music aspect of my surround sound system.
.
4 responses to “Writing – The Dream Approach”
Kenton Lewis
December 13th, 2011 at 12:53
When I dream I know it’s a dream, but the characters in the dream don’t; (they think it’s reality) so I mess with them.
inkspeare
December 14th, 2011 at 14:59
I have been able to control a dream or wake up from it if I did not like it, but have never been able to do what you describe; interesting.
inkspeare
February 20th, 2012 at 13:48
Thank you for stopping by.
inkspeare
July 2nd, 2013 at 11:20
Hi, thank you for stopping by :)
2 Trackbacks / Pingbacks
I can sleep when I am dead… « Wrestling the Muse February 19th, 2012 at 23:57
[…] Writing – The Dream Approach (inkspeare.wordpress.com) […]
I can sleep when I am dead… | Kim Koning July 1st, 2013 at 19:49
[…] Writing – The Dream Approach (inkspeare.wordpress.com) […]Welcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
- Pierre Patout
- Pylone Metallique Triangulaire, 1914–1923
- Section de Camouflage
- Where object was made: France
- color lithograph
- Sheet/Paper Dimensions: 351 x 502 mm
Sheet/Paper Dimensions: 13 13/16 x 19 3/4 in
- Gift of Professor Eric Gustav Carlson
- Not on display
- 2014.2616.01
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Description
Metal pylon on the facing left side and a landscape with another tower on the facing right side and a figure of a man and cross-shaped grave markers at the base.Hotels & Accommodation in Planice
Get Secret Prices on selected hotels
These prices aren’t available to everyone.
Book hotel rooms & other accommodationTop 10 Gadgets Brands
If you’re really not inclined to devote a lot but still need these gadgets for cheap, then there’s nothing wrong in exploring the second hand industry. These gadgets are made to be employed with both eyes open. They are not only sold in china but they are also sold in different countries. They come with very low and affordable prices. There are various new gadgets intended to help maximize your fitness regimen.
Introducing Top 10 Gadgets Brands
The china gadgets have the ideal price and appear cool. The gadgets made in china isn’t only cheap it’s also dependable. Starting from Mp3 to laptops you’ll find all sorts of gadgets with distinctive brands and great price in china.
In regards to the electronic gadgets, you can always locate a great deal on earth of online sales. Technological gadgets are made to offer a lot of convenience in living. With our present technology-driven society, it can be difficult to stay informed about the newest gadgets and innovations.
The Fundamentals of Top 10 Gadgets Brands Revealed
Whatever weight loss method you use, these gadgets might just help you achieve your target. Chinese gadgets provide a great experience. Another popular gadget in the marketplace is the Apple iPad.
Take a look at the next Digital gadgets, you will understand they’re not only employed as products, but also as a carrier of consciousness, such sort of works are able to modify our lives unconsciously. On the opposite hand, you can readily touch, feel and test the item at a retail shop. The goods are offered together with their pricing information, images and features. There are many products out there on the market, but if you opt for the branded goods, you can be sure of their performance.
Details of Top 10 Gadgets Brands
The brand is crucial to consider since it also translates into how simple it is to utilize your cell phone. Also there’s such a wide range of unique brands. Distinct brands of GPS devices can be bought from various retailers throughout the nation.
As soon as you survey the marketplace and are blown away by the gadgets which are available you should know they do not provide superior quality, they are merely a substitute for the actual thing and not a great substitute at that. Actually, people clamored to have an opportunity to get this product the moment it came in the marketplace. There’s an exclusive market in china that is called Electronic City” that’s a multi-storeyed building supplies you with exclusive and distinctive gadgets for an inexpensive selling price.
The End of Top 10 Gadgets Brands
The very first action to do is learn about the internet store by viewing their site, which displays general information regarding their store. You might not locate them at every electronic store however, you can experience an outstanding range on the net. In case you are trying to open the electronic store it’s wise to purchase gadget from china market because there are types of gadgets found for the more affordable price.
Buying electronic gadgets online provides you a chance to discover a great selection of products online under one roof. The cost comparison tools readily available online can be be of great assistance in this respect. It’s mandatory that you learn how to figure out a couple key things which you should always search for when searching for a wholesale gadgets supplier online.11 Timbara Cluster
8
3
2
3
Everything).
Cycling, Fishing - Beach, Golfing, Seakayaking, Learning/Lessons/Tuition: Surfing , Shopping: Surf City Plaza, Surfing, Swimming.
Beach: Bells Beach , Eco Tourism, Fishing, Golf, Water based: Adventure.Conversation during the two-hour videoconference progressed through three rounds. In the first round, the Alaska and Argentine students asked each other questions and exchanged observations about signs of seasonal change. In the second round, the focus shifted to how to narrow questions down so that students could investigate them, while the third round centered on discussing ways the investigations could be undertaken.
The students discovered they had many observations and concerns in common. One topic that generated a lot of interest from both hemispheres was the impact of seasonal change on snowboarding, and what kinds of investigations could be developed to explore the changes. It was noted that one low-lying ski area near Ushuaia has already been closed permanently due to lack of snow.
Besides the snowboarding idea, many other possible research topics emerged such as temperature and precipitation changes, and species succession after wildland fires. Specific ideas for climate investigations included looking at the timing of when people put on or take off their snow tires, and using frost tubes to monitor freezing and thawing in the soil in both Ushuaia and Alaska.
Students from both regions also reported on changes they had observed in their local environments that might be a result of seasonal changes, such as certain species of birds now being seen farther north than they used to be, and the movement of treeline in the mountains near Ushuaia. An Argentine student observed that a glacier that currently supplies water to Ushuaia is melting and is expected to be gone within a few decades, potentially leading to a shortage of drinking water. And at the conclusion of the videoconference, a student from the Alaskan village of Shageluk pointed out that seasonal changes are already threatening the way of life of many northern Native peoples.
Later in the week, a follow-up live web chat and web forum took place to allow further discussion of the topics and questions that were brought up at the videoconference, as well as new questions from additional students around the world. Scientists from the University of Alaska Fairbanks, the GLOBE (Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment) program, and the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center responded to the questions.
These activities are part of Seasons and Biomes, an International Polar Year (IPY) project funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation and headed by Dr. Elena Sparrow of the International Arctic Research Center at UAF. This project, which is included in the UArctic IPY Higher Education and Outreach Cluster, trains K-12 teachers and students from around the world to investigate seasonal and environmental changes in their own biomes. It is part of the GLOBE program, which is funded through a cooperative agreement with NASA, the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research and Colorado State University. GLOBE engages students from 110 countries in environmental science investigations.
Read more about the Seasons and Biomes pole-to-pole videoconference in the blog of GLOBE Chief Scientist Dr. Peggy Lemone at.January 2, 2018
Today's
Cat of the Day
Name:
Kalimah
Age:
Four years old
Gender:
Female
Kind:
Moggie
Adelaide, South Australia
K
alimah lived over the road from us, one of three tortoiseshell and white cats who used to eat our cat's food and fight him for access to his yard. After our tabby Phantom cat passed away in October 2016, we were bereft. Grieving and desperately missing our boy who had been our companion cat for 14 years, we were glad to see a little visitor cat in our back yard. We thought of her as our grief cat, helping us transition from the loss of Phantom. Kalimah quickly made herself part of our lives, and in no time she was practically living with us. Thankfully our neighbor was willing to allow her to stay with us, after some uncomfortable conversations and texts.
She is very snuggly when she wants affection, and will interrupt study, housework, hobbies etc to climb up my torso and cling to my shoulder like a large calico stole, sometimes even trying to burrow into my neck to get close to me. She will guard the bathroom when we are in the shower, in particular keeping the bathmat under control, and will demand payment in licks of wet legs, which sometimes turn into nips if we don't submit. Once asleep, she will stay motionless for hours at a time in such a deep sleep that at times I will have to check carefully to ensure she is still breathing, and if she's on me and I HAVE to get up, waking her up sufficiently to move off can be tricky. At all other times, she will greet any touch with a small prrrp-mrrow sound. She loves shoes, and socks I have worn all day and just taken off, but her greatest joy seems to come from rolling in dirt in the yard. She will then bring in a load of dirt and grass and leaves etc on her back, and dump it on the bed, or on my chair. We love her, and we have silly little songs that we sing to her based on her name.
Kalimah mostly gets along with our other cat Java, who followed her over from the same neighbor, but at times she seems irritated that she's not an only cat, and will attack Java for no reason we can determine. Kali came to us with signs of physical neglect, and it is clear there has been some abuse too. Still, she is a sweet natured little cat, and actually, she is not so little any more. A year and more of good food, and she has caught up some growth and filled out. She is learning that there will always be food if she is hungry, and she doesn't have to eat every scrap of available food right now. We joke at times, given how she came to us, that she is always on the lookout for better conditions, but we hope to have our Kalimah companion cat for many years to come.
Talk about Kalimah
in Pet Talk!
©1998-2018
Painted Turtle Productions
PrivacyJozef Nagy at MIT Sloan School of Management attending a Drupal user group 11/2012.
With my family's strong entrepreneurial spirit, I never give up chasing the American dream. Whether it's a new business idea online, or building up my marketable job skills, I'm always on to something. Some of my ideas are great, some not so much. That's why I've written dozens of business plans. Before going forward with a project, the most important question I can ask myself is "What problem does this solve?". If that can't be easily answered, it's time to move on.
The "9 to 5" side of me focuses incessantly on growth. IT is not a career you get into unless you plan on spending a significant portion of your time keeping up with technology. And it's not just about understanding the latest languages, OSs, databases, etc. It's about understanding how their proper use can be leveraged to benefit business. Using new technology for it's own sake is a mistake. Everything has it's place; whether it's Solaris, Linux, or Windows. Ok, just kidding about that last one. Although to be fair, I have a Windows desktop at my home office. It makes for a great table.
The spelling of my first name, Jozef, is a common spelling in Slovakia. The origins of my last name, Nagy, have Austro-Hungarian roots.
The first iteration of this site was in static HTML with some Javascript and CSS. In 2006 I finally made the leap to Drupal, an open source content management system. It's enabled me to post often, and to focus on content rather than site maintenance.
With this new freedom, my goal was and continues to be to improve my written skills. The ability to take an idea or a random though and put it into a 600 word blog post is not to be taken for granted. That ability easily translates into numerous contexts, including the business world.
Another reason for this blog is to gain exposure. While it's not my primary focus, being able to positively present myself in a Google search is an increasingly important endeavor.
Wikipedia Contributions
Drupal Profile
PGP Key
The views expressed on this website are mine alone and do not reflect the views of my employer or any organizations I am affiliated with.Server login problems from terminal (NGINX, UBUNTU 16.04)
Hi there,
I'm create ssh key following this tutorial.
But when i'm set PermitRootLogin 'yes' to 'without-password' then i'm running 'reload ssh' command and i'm" and also try to login from my pc terminal, But showing me "Permission denied, please try again"
How i will fix these problem? Please help to solve this problem.
Thanks so much,
ArafatAndean Condor
- Class: Aves (Birds)
- Order: Falconiformes
- Family: Cathartidae
- Genus: Vultur
- Species: gryphus
ABOUT
Old bird from the New World. The Andean condor is the largest raptor in the world and the largest flying bird in South America. It flies majestically over the mountains and valleys of the Andes. This bird of prey and its close cousin, the California condor, are part of the New World vultures, a group of birds more closely related to storks than to the vultures of Africa.
Andean condors are the only New World vultures to show sexual dimorphism. Males are usually larger than females their adult coloring until they are about six years old.
Andean condors do not have a syrinx (similar to our larynx), so they cannot vocalize. Instead, they hiss, click, and grunt to communicate.
HABITAT AND DIET
Flying high. These impressive birds live in the highest peaks of the Andes. They nest in rocky crags and soar over open grasslands and lowland desert regions. When not scanning the landscape for a meal, the birds may roost in small groups, often stretching their enormous wings to catch some sun or preening.
Andean condors used to range in large numbers from the highlands of northern South America to the tip of Tierra del Fuego in the south. They tend to stay away from human disturbance, causing their range decrease dramatically. Today, Andean condors are most often seen in Peru, Chile, and Argentina, although a reintroduction program is taking place in Colombia. little energy. These huge birds are too heavy to fly without help. They use warm air currents (thermals) to help them gain altitude and soar through the sky. By gliding from thermal to thermal, a condor may need to flap its wings only once every hour. When a condor stretches out its wings, the wing feathers look like outstretched fingertips. These “fingertips” let the condor make fine adjustments in flight, like wing flaps on an airplane.
A meal to die for. Like all vultures, Andean condors are scavengers and find most of their food after it is already dead. This lifestyle isn’t for everyone, but it does have certain advantages—the food can’t fight back! Like most other vultures, condors have a featherless head. This keeps the head from getting too messy while buried in a carcass. Condors have a high resistance to harmful bacteria, and their curved beak is good for tearing rotting flesh.
But as strong and impressive as an Andean condor’s beak looks, it is not as strong as the beaks of other birds of prey. After a condor eats, it rubs its head and neck back and forth across the ground to get all the “crumbs” off. These birds can consume more than 15 pounds (6.8 kilograms) of meat at one time, and may not be able to fly after such a large meal.
At the San Diego Zoo and San Diego Zoo Safari Park, the Andean condors get rats, rabbits, beef spleen, trout, and ground meat, depending on the day. Although they are able to eat rancid meat, they prefer fresh food.
FAMILY LIFE
Watch out. Healthy adult condors have no natural predators and are vigilant when protecting their egg or chick. Humans have become non-natural predators. Ranchers poison livestock carcasses to ward off mountain lions and foxes; the poisoned carcasses kill the condors, too.
Look at me! The male Andean condor uses quite a display to attract his mate. He spreads his wings, clicks his tongue and hisses, and his neck turns yellow. If the female is impressed, the two find an appropriate nesting spot, usually in a shallow cave on a cliff ledge. The female lays a single egg, which the parents take turns incubating.
Baby makes three.. Not until the condor is about six years old does it molt the brown feathers of its youth and grow the black-and-white plumage of an adult.
AT THE ZOO
Our first condors. Having an Andean condor at the San Diego Zoo in 1929 seems rather remarkable for the times. He was named Bum, and he was quite a character. Bum had been hand raised as a wild-caught youngster in a zoo in Germany, so he was used to people and even liked to play with them. But since he had a large wingspan and a sharp beak, the humans had to watch their step. Bum’s favorite person was his keeper, Karl Ring. When Karl came by, Bum hopped over to say hello. The two also had a favorite game in which Karl would lie down flat on his back so Bum could hop up to stand on his chest, wings spread.
Bum was soon paired with a young female from South America named Cleo. She was not nearly as friendly as Bum and hissed and charged at the keepers, but Cleo and Bum got along famously. In July 1942, a male chick named Guaya was hatched and raised on exhibit—believed to be the first Andean condor hatched in managed care in the United States! The world’s first incubator-hatched Andean condor hatched in May 1950. There were more exciting moments as the Zoo continued to hatch and raise Andean condors, leading to a successful reintroduction program for the birds.
Helping California condors. Our knowledge in working with Andean condors helped us prepare to save the critically endangered California condor. Andean condors were temporarily released in California to help test release techniques for their northern cousins as part of the California Condor Recovery Program. (The Andean condors were later recaptured and re-released in Colombia.)
Condor ambassadors. Both the San Diego Zoo and San Diego Zoo Safari Park have Andean condors as part of our collection. The Zoo’s condor pair is on exhibit along Eagle Trail, and one of their offspring is now off exhibit at the Safari Park to become a candidate for release into the wild in Colombia.
We also have Andean condors trained as animal ambassadors. At the Zoo, Pelona is often part of the Camp Critters show, where she impresses all by flying over the audience! At the Park, Andean condors Califia and Suyana take turns in the Frequent Flyers show, spreading their huge wings for all to marvel at!
CONSERVATION
Perilous prestige. Andean condors play a key role in a healthy, well-balanced environment because of their important role as nature’s recyclers. Consuming wild animal carcasses helps reduce the spread of diseases such as anthrax and botulism. Yet Andean condors are threatened over most of their range, both revered and feared by local people. The condor is seen as a symbol of power, health, and liberty, and its bones and organs are used in traditional medicines. It is believed that the bird's stomach cures breast cancer, roasted condor eyes improve eyesight, and a condor feather under the bed wards off nightmares.
Condors also appear in many South American myths. The Incas thought that the condor brought the sun into the sky every morning and was a messenger to the gods. There are also misconceptions about the condor's of birds at the San Diego Zoo Safari Park, is the coordinator for the Andean Condor Species Survival Plan. Since 1989, 68 Andean condors, raised in American and Colombian zoos, have been released in Colombia, Venezuela, and Peru in an attempt to re-establish the birds in their range countries. By using satellites and radiotelemetry, Colombian biologists have been able to track and monitor the released birds and have found that they have survived, matured, and are now beginning to breed in the wild, a significant milestone of success for any reintroduction program.
In 1995, we received a significant achievement award for our Andean condor reintroduction program. This program will continue until the species has recovered. We are also exploring other opportunities in South America where another release program could be developed.
Teamwork! One of the reasons for the survivorship of the released birds is public education and outreach. Condor “guards” from local communities teach condor natural history and conservation, and local school students are trained to “look to the skies” through training workshops in techniques such as biotelemetry (radio tracking), field notations, and the use of binoculars and spotting scopes. This training provides a deeper understanding of why condors are important to the environment, Andean ecology, and their intrinsic value to the human community.
The Andean condor program is a shining example of what can be accomplished when there is cooperation between the public and private sectors, zoos and government agencies, field biologists, and aviculturists. The excitement and enthusiasm for Andean condor recovery is no less now than it was in 1989, when the first male condors flew out of the release aviary in Chingaza, Colombia.
The future for the Andean condor is much brighter now than it was when we began. This is a species that we can enjoy watching over the Andean peaks for many more years to come.
You can help us bring Andean condors back from the brink by supporting the San Diego Zoo Global Wildlife Conservancy. Together we can save and protect wildlife around the globe.A U.S. company is the reported buyer of the Deutschland, according to a number of sources speaking to Cruise Industry News.
The same group may be making moves to acquire additional second-hand tonnage with the intent to charter the ships out.
The company has put down a sizeable deposit on the ship and the sale and delivery of the vessel is expected to close by June.A quick and easy recipe that can be poured over a dish or used as a dipping sauce.
- Yield
- 1 cup
Ingredients
- 2/3 cup white or rice vinegar (Note: rice vinegar gives better results)
- 1/c cup brown sugar
- 2 tablespoon ketchup
- 2 teaspoon soy sauce
- 4 teaspoons cornstarch mixed with 8 teaspoons water
- 1/2 large sweet onion
- 1 green pepper
- 1 can pineapple rings
Preparation
- Mix the vinegar, brown sugar, ketchup, and soy sauce together and bring to a boil in a small pot. Mix together the cornstarch and water, add to the other ingredients and stir to thicken. Pour some on the onion/pepper pineapple mix and microwave that, covered, for 3 min.
Related Video
Nutritional Info
- Calories560
- Carbohydrates139 g(46%)
- Fat0 g(1%)
- Protein3 g(6%)
- Saturated Fat0 g(0%)
- Sodium480 mg(20%)
- Polyunsaturated Fat0 g
- Fiber4 g(16%)
- Monounsaturated Fat0 g
-Salisbury, Md., DECEMBER 21, 2017 – Credit Plus, a provider of intelligent insight for mortgage professionals, announced today that it has integrated with Floify, a leading mortgage automation software provider.
The integration enables loan officers that are using Floify to streamline their mortgage process and automatically collect a borrower’s credit report from Credit Plus upon submission of a loan application or on-demand directly from their Floify account. Credit Plus’ integration with Floify also eliminates the hassle of collecting credit reports for loans by empowering borrowers to digitally submit their consent directly to lenders with just a few clicks.
“We’re excited about our new partnership with Floify because of the time and money savings it offers,” said Greg Holmes, Managing Partner at Credit Plus. “Through the integration with Floify, loan officers can realize greater efficiencies and speed up the mortgage approval process, which is a win-win for borrowers and lenders.”.
###Most mobile network users are always after more speed when it comes to data. The faster the network, the faster you can download large files and the smoother streaming video and other services operate. Verizon Wireless is working on a new LTE network that it hopes will be able to take the claim of nations fastest network away from AT&T.
It appears that Verizon is currently testing this faster LTE network in New York City even though it hasn’t been officially launched. Verizon users in New York have spotted an impressively fast 80 Mbps LTE network operating in several locations around New York City. The person who discovered the network operating in New York is named Milan Milanovic and his handy spectrum analyzer shows that the LTE network is operating in the 2.1 GHz Advanced Wireless Services band.
The service is also registering on smartphone supporting 4G connectivity in that bandwidth. Milanovic was reportedly able to get his Verizon iPhone 5S to connect to the faster LTE network. The screenshots above confirm the speedy network offers around 80 Mbps of download speed and upload speeds went as high as 22.98 Mbps.
It looks like Verizon is finally putting all that spectrum it purchased from cable operators last year to use with the new LTE network operating on 40 MHz of spectrum. It’s also worth noting the disclaimer that the network isn’t officially launched and presumably has no or very few users. These high speeds aren’t necessarily reflective of what the network would see with hordes of users on it at the same time after a commercial launch. Rumors also indicated similar networks are being tested in Chicago and Los Angeles, but no confirmation has been made on those networks.Hi guys,
man thanks for the congrats. I got some good news from my doc today, i am going home on monday. YESSSSSSS.. Also the weekend keeps getting better. IrelandWON the six nations rugby today and did the grand slam and beat all theother 5 teams. Isn't life great when thing start to look up?WWE Backlash 2016: 3 Reasons to Watch the PPV
With WWE Backlash slated for Sunday, a look at a few reasons to watch the show.
WWE Backlash will be SmackDown’s first exclusive pay-per-view since the Brand Extension officially returned in July. This will be a chance for the blue brand to shine on a solo stage, featuring some of WWE’s best in action.
The main event will see Dean Ambrose defend the WWE World Championship against AJ Styles. This will be the first time these two have met in WWE.
Ambrose has successfully retained his title at any chance he’s had since winning it in June. This includes defeating the likes of Seth Rollins, Roman Reigns, and Dolph Ziggler along the way. Styles could be his biggest test, though, especially after defeating John Cena at SummerSlam.
The first SmackDown Women’s Champion will be crowned at Backlash. Alexa Bliss, Becky Lynch, Carmella, Naomi, Natalya, and Nikki Bella are competing for this new title. Which one will walk out as the inaugural champion?
Randy Orton vs. Bray Wyatt will be the only match at Backlash without title implications. These two haven’t faced each other before, but is it one of the reasons to watch the show on Sunday?
There is also the new SmackDown Tag Team Championship that will be handed out to one of Heath Slater and Rhyno, The Usos, or The Hype Bros. Which team will be victorious when the tournament closes?
Backlash should be worth the watch for WWE fans on September 11, with a few reasons to keep in mind.
3. Heath Slater
Heath Slater had been an afterthought in WWE for years. From his brief legend gimmick, to 3MB, and The Social Outcasts, Slater had been stuck at the bottom of the company.
Then came his “free agent” status, which seemed disastrous at first, but turned into something bigger.
Slater didn’t get picked in the WWE Draft, so he clamored for a job on Raw and SmackDown for a few weeks. Shane McMahon and Daniel Bryan would tell The One Man Band that if he finds a partner for the SmackDown Tag Team Title Tournament, and wins it, he’ll get a contract on the show.
Well, at Backlash, Slater is just one win away from being a tag team champion and full-time member of SmackDown. If he and Rhyno defeat The Usos or The Hype Bros, Slater will get a contract. Fans have gotten behind him with his work these past six weeks, and supported him when he went against the likes of Brock Lesnar and Randy Orton. If Slater wins on Sunday, the Richmond Coliseum may erupt in cheers.
Oh, and so might the former Nexus member’s kids.
Slater winning wouldn’t be his first run with a belt in WWE, however. He’s a former three-time WWE Tag Team Champion (all with Justin Gabriel). This victory would be the most special of them all, though.
2. Crowning New Champions
Backlash will see the two new belts handed out in the SmackDown Tag Team Championship and SmackDown Women’s Championship. This got introduced after WWE SummerSlam.
Heath Slater and Rhyno are set for the finals of the tournament to determine the first SD Live Tag Team Champions. However, their opponents have yet to be determined. The Usos and The Hype Bros will battle for the spot that had been for American Alpha, but Chad Gable’s injury took them out.
If Slater and Rhyno win, the tag titles will be off to a hot start. However, if The Usos win (turning them heel may make them the favorites), then everyone will look to chase them. That may begin at Backlash if Jason Jordan can contribute to a potential interference. Might he take out Jimmy and Jey after their potential finals match, if they win? If Jordan does appear, he should get a good pop from the crowd.
As for the SmackDown Women’s Championship, Alexa Bliss, Becky Lynch, Carmella, Naomi, Natalya, and Nikki Bella are competing for it. The focal point has been Nikki and Carmella developing tensions, which may play out into this match at Backlash. It wouldn’t be surprising to see the match come down to these two, either. Especially if they are the plan for future weeks.
This would mean Bella walks out of Backlash with the new title. It would culminate her journey back to WWE that didn’t seem possible. She could have lost her career due to a severe neck injury, but made it back within one year. This is a remarkable achievement that may make her center stage once this match ends.
1. AJ Styles’ Moment
AJ Styles has been on a ride during his first eight months in WWE. From debuting at the Royal Rumble, to competing at WrestleMania 32, and defeating John Cena twice, The Phenomenal One one has dominated the spotlight. However, he has yet to win a title in WWE, which could change at Backlash.
Styles had two opportunities in 2016 to win the WWE World Heavyweight Championship. It resuled with two losses to then champion Roman Reigns, at Payback and Extreme Rules. Beating Cena at SummerSlam reentered the former NJPW star into the title mix, though. A No. 1 Contender’s match had to be successfully won too, which happened, and now sets up Styles to face Ambrose for the WWE World Championship at Backlash.
With the work Styles has done for WWE in 2016, it seems inevitable that he’ll win a title. It’s difficult to turn away from this, even though Ambrose is a fan-favorite that got his crowning achievement just two months ago. Both wrestlers have a case for being the champion after Backlash closes, but it feels like Styles’ time. He’s 0-2 in title matches, but after his whirlwind of a year to get the main event scene, it may be set for him to hold a world title.
More from Daily DDT
- WWE SmackDown: Why The Usos Heel Turn Was Much Needed3h ago
- WWE Cruiserweight Classic 2016: Why Kota Ibushi vs. Zack Sabre Jr. ‘Dream Match’ Won’t Happen5h ago
- Can Seth Rollins Be a Successful Face in WWE?6h ago
- 5 Reasons CM Punk Won’t Succeed in UFC7h ago
- WWE 2K17: Watch the First Gameplay Trailer (Video)15h ago
This article originally appeared onYelena Isinbayeva condemns homosexuality at world athletics championships
Updated: 16 August 2013 12:08 IST
Foreigners found guilty of violating the law can not only be fined up to 5,000 rubles ($156, 114 euros) but face administrative arrest of up to 15 days and eventual deportation. "If we allow to promote and do all this stuff on the street, we are very afraid about our nation because we consider ourselves like normal, standard people," Isinbayeva said.
Moscow:
Topics : Athletics OlympicsLAYYAH: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Tuesday took a swipe at the rival Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) saying that there were only empty seats in the party’s Islamabad jalsa.
Addressing a gathering in Layyah, where he announced a host of development projects and health initiatives, the mammoth public meeting was a good omen for the victory of Pakistan Muslim League-N in the 2018 general elections.
“Today’s massive jalsa (public gathering) stretched over one mile can easily fit in 10 ‘jalsis’ (smaller crowds) of our opponents,” the Prime Minister said in his address here at the ground-breaking of Layyah-Taunsa bridge over Indus river.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said immense support demonstrated by the people of Layyah was a source of delight for him.
“Seeing this large gathering on television screens, our opponents might be depressed enough to quit politics,” he said.
Referring to the recent public gathering of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf in Islamabad without naming the party, the Prime Minister said under the bright lights, an ‘assembly of vacant chairs’ marked the event.
He regarded the supporters of PML-N as ‘tigers’ as compared to the ‘jackals’ of his political adversaries.
“Even a hundred jackals cannot beat a tiger,” the Prime Minister said.- 0 (0 per day)
- Personal Text:
- Create your organisation plan. There are business that will produce a plan for your or you can do it on your own. There is affordable software program that will certainly take you step by step with the procedure of setting up your company and also the b
- Karma:
- +0/-0
- Age:
- 34
- Location:
- Poland, Gdansk
- Date Registered:
- July 24, 2017, 03:14:22 AM
- Local Time:
- January 16, 2018, 12:16:03 PM
- Last Active:
- July 24, 2017, 03:23:59 AM
Signature:maid service hiring
Also visit my blog: deep cleaning maid serviceCoastguard vessels from Japan and Taiwan clashed with water cannon after dozens of Taiwanese boats escorted by patrol ships sailed into waters around Tokyo-controlled islands.
Japanese coastguard ships sprayed water at the fishing vessels as the Taiwanese patrol boats retaliated by directing their own high-pressure hoses at the Japanese ships.
The large-scale breach of what Japan considers sovereign territory - one of the biggest since WWII - is the latest escalation in a row over ownership of the islands that pits Tokyo against Beijing and Taipei.
The intrusion complicates the already volatile territorial dispute with China. Taiwan has said that officers aboard some of the patrol ships sent to the area are fully-armed elite coastguard personnel.
China and Japan's deputy foreign ministers have met to discuss the issue with China's Zhang Zhijun telling Japan it "must abandon any illusion" it has over a territorial dispute as China "will absolutely not tolerate any unilateral action taken by the Japanese side that infringes on China's territorial sovereignty".
Japan administers the uninhabited, but strategically well-positioned archipelago under the name Senkaku. Beijing says it has owned the islands for centuries and calls them Diaoyu.
Taiwan also claims the islands, which lie around 125 miles from its coast, and which are believed to have high energy reserves in the nearby seabed.
Relations between Japan and China, meanwhile, have scraped long-unseen lows in recent weeks following Tokyo's nationalisation of three of the islands, which it bought from a private Japanese landowner.
Meanwhile, South Korea is refusing to allow a Japanese warship to dock at the port of Busan during a joint naval exercise, reports say, as ties between the pair remain strained over a different set of disputed islands.
Tokyo has lodged a protest with Seoul over the refusal during an exercise that also involves the US and Australia with one diplomat calling it "extremely rude".carousel_arrow cart circleCheck behance dribbble dropbox facebook flickr github googleplus instagram linkedin paypal pinterest skype soundcloud spotify twitter vimeo submitError svg-defsnull HomeContactHomeContactMarried byMaggie Your Business Tagline LEARN MOREContact Us Name*Email AddressMessage*SUBMITThank you! Your message was sent successfully.Married By Maggie2212 68th Street Windsor Heights Iamarriedbymaggie@gmail.com515-707-9457A nonrefundable$75.00 deposit is required to reserve your date and time. Balance is requiredtwo weeks prior to your date. My Business NameProject Recipe
Cut the Painted With Love Designer Series Paper 2.5 x 4.5 (the same size as the card front)
Use dies from the Sweet & Sassy Framelits set that coordinate with the images from the Heart Happiness stamp set to make a cut out in the DSP.
Attach the DSP to the card front with Snail
Stamp the image through the opening with coordinating ink either Berry Burst or Sweet Sugarplum
I also added a row of hearts on the inside bottom of the card and the outside bottom front of the envelope using the small heart border stamp and Berry Burst ink pad.
(The hearts that were cut out I used to make another card you can find here.- Author: Julie Sanders Jan 13, 2018,
Jan 13, 2018, 11:11
Crimson Tide coach Nick Saban benched Hurts on Monday after he completed just 3-of-8 passes for 21 yards for Alabama. CBS sports has him ranked as the No. 6 overall prospect and the No. 1 free safety in this year's class. "No disrespect to Jalen, but".
"I think preparation leading up to this point has been the key thing with our offensive coaches helping us throughout the process", Tagovailoa said.
The win gave Alabama its 17th national championship.
There will be many eyes on Alabama and MSU through the spring and into the summer months to see how Saban and Joe Moorhead handle their quarterbacks.
President of Saint Louis School, Glen Medeiros, said "The tradition here at Saint Louis School is one that has us believe that there's nothing that we can't overcome".
The first obviously begins with quarterback Tua Tagovailoa.
Before even committing to the Crimson Tide, of course Tua wanted to go to OR to follow the path his big bro Mariota set for him.
Andy Pappanastos is off the hook. The ensuing 40-yard attempt sailed wide left, leaving Alabama scoreless.
Saban rolled the dice and came up a victor on Monday night and his decision to throw in his freshman Tua Tagovailoa into the mix worked out pretty well. "He has unbelievable talent, unbelievable release and can get out of trouble as you saw"'. But, the young sophomore was there for his team every step of the way to give Tagovailoa encouragement.
For Hurts, the cooling off period is a good thing. It's hard to imagine any situation mirroring the night vs. day dynamic of Hurts in the first half Monday and Tagovailoa in the second.
It wasn't just Tagovailoa and Smith.
The players stormed the field and in one play, Tagovailoa became a hero for life in the state of Alabama. His 80-yard touchdown pass for a 20-7 lead midway through the third quarter seemed like a dagger.
Meanwhile, junior wide receiver Calvin Ridley has played in 43 games for Alabama, with 1 fumble that was recovered. Trailing by three and facing fourth-and-5 from the Dawgs 33 with 42 seconds to go, Sherrill called a timeout to discuss his team's options.
Both were against Texas in the 2009 title game, and both were by special teams, including an interception of a ball thrown by punter P.J. Fitzgerald. "He provided them some juice, got them some momentum, got the momentum swung back their way".
Tennessee will have to fight Alabama tooth and nail to land Tagovailoa. He drove the Tide into field goal range.
One play later, the Tide was national champions.
The freshman receiver originally committed to Georgia but de-commited after Mark Richt left the program.
"If you look at the Sugar Bowl, you could kind of see on the sidelines some coaches and players, knowing people in that building, they were pushing for Tua in the Sugar Bowl. Then we had another shot in overtime and we weren't able to do that".
For one former SEC coach, the move to Tagovailoa came a bit later than if he were still the coach.
Subscribe and download our College Gridiron 365 podcast on and.Go for a chic, co-ordinated jewellery look with this necklace and earring set from Silk Route.
This colourful set consists of a multi-row necklace boasting a mixture of seed beads, transparent faceted beads, smooth pearl beads and opaque faceted beads in green hues, and a pair of matching drop earrings.
The necklace measures about 39cm (15.4") in length, including a 9cm (3.5") extender, and secures with a shackle clasp.
Each earring measures about 4.5cm (1.7") in length and secures with a brass leverback fastener, suitable for pierced ears only.
Only £6.00
Here are some other products you may be interested in:
£102.00
£69.00
£19.95
£15.95Menu is just perfect. We held there a small family birthday and every dish we order surprised us in a good way. Very unusual menu but the taste of the dishes was just excellent.
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.“Maybe taking myself seriously is a bad idea, anyway. I mean, the chances of me tripping or doing something equally clumsy are pretty high. Why not just give in and start off with a laid back attitude in the first place?” – Camdyn Taylor
Camdyn Taylor finally knows where she belongs, and she is determined to plant her roots in Tennessee soil as she readies herself for a life with the handsome and beguiling Cole Parker.
The stresses of publishing deadlines and scenery changes are behind her, but a flurry of wedding preparations have taken their place. Add to that a family that suddenly needs her, along with a new set of friends determined to help her experience all the local customs, and things are bound to get interesting. With Camdyn involved, there’s also a good chance that every situation could eventually result in humiliation.
In the midst of all the excitement, Camdyn realizes she doesn’t know the man of her dreams as well as she thought she did. With ghosts from the past popping up at every turn, their tomorrows suddenly appear to be a little shaky. In all the chaos, they will ultimately have to decide whether they find themselves searching for a reason to be alone.drop around
drop around (sometime)
An invitation to visit one at some non-specific time in the future. Please drop around the next time you're in town—I'd love to see you.
drop around (sometime)and drop by (sometime)
to come and visit (someone) at some future time. (Similar to drop in (on someone).) Nice to see you, Mary. You and Bob must drop around sometime. Please do drop around when you're out driving.
drop around
(for something) to come for a casual visit that includes something such as tea, dinner, a drink, etc. Drop around for a drink sometime. Yes, please drop around.+ Reply to Thread
Results 141 to 150 of 255
Well after reading this thread to Dh- he feels super guilty and will negotiate next year to work PT so I can work FT and kick my teaching career off the ground.
He has admitted it will be career suicide for him and could end up sending him/us to a posting we don't want. But as he is entitled to 2years unpaid parental leave post every birth, he will claim his.
I'm kinda proud of him. But sad that he has to tank his career to help me out in mine.
The Following 2 Users Say Thank You to babyno1onboard For This Useful Post:
Brain (26-04-2016),GrabbyCrabby (18-04-2016)
I could have chosen to keep on working FT which was my only choice. I could have chosen to put my kids into care full time. I think I would have had regrets either way - one way I would have regretted not seeing my kids at all, the other real regret now is that I'm unemployed with absolutely no prospects on the horizon as my experience counts against me making me more expensive. I applied for over 20 jobs last year. Made it to one interview hoping they'd be willing to talk something less than 5 days/week as they had several employees doing so, but we met a road block there and there it rested.
I have to wait 12 months at a time to apply for new jobs in the field I'm in whilst also trying to coordinate childcare on the "off-chance" something may happen.
So...I guess my career was ruined when I had my children, but I wouldn't have worked full time as I would never have got to see them.
I've further up-skilled, volunteered and casualed - it hasn't helped.
Well, the interview went really well!! The interviewer was completely fine with 4 days as she said it would be manageable for this role. People also frequently work from home so that's an option too. It helps that they are looking for quite a specific skill set which I fortunately have, so there haven't been many applicants that meet the requirements. So it sounds like I'll go through to second interview - fingers crossed!
I am very lucky that DH has been able to negotiate a 4-day week with his employer which has enabled me to be available for 4 days as well. This means I can apply for full time and then try to negotiate it down to 4 days. Trying to get 3 days a week is virtually impossible and our kids only have 3 days of daycare during the week. So DH and I will both have one day a week at home (him Wednesday and me Friday). If all goes to plan, I think it will be a good balance. It's just so hard finding the right employer/opportunity.
Hopefully this job happens. Feeling slightly more hopeful now!
The Following 15 Users Say Thank You to Cue For This Useful Post:
A-Squared (19-04-2016),AdornedWithCats (19-04-2016),babyno1onboard (19-04-2016),binnielici (19-04-2016),Bongley (19-04-2016),Elijahs Mum (19-04-2016),GrabbyCrabby (18-04-2016),JR03 (19-04-2016),Little Miss Sunshine (19-04-2016),Little Ted (19-04-2016),Ngaiz (19-04-2016),Tamtam (19-04-2016),VicPark (19-04-2016),WaitRose (19-04-2016),Wise Enough (19-04-2016)
Senior Member
- Join Date
- Jan 2012
- 1,171
- Thanks
- 522
- Thanked
- 732
- Reviews
- 0
- Achievements:
-
- Join Date
- Apr 2012
- 13,067
- Thanks
- 9,846
- Thanked
- 12,965
- Reviews
- 0
- Achievements:
-
Is your career really ruined when you have a baby?
"So...I guess my career wasn't ruined when I had my children - But I wouldn't have worked part time as in doing that I wouldn't have never had been able to provide them with a good quality of life."
Ummmm. You can give your kids a great quality of life working PT.
The Following 3 Users Say Thank You to Rose&Aurelia&Hannah For This Useful Post:
AdornedWithCats (19-04-2016),binnielici (19-04-2016),just her chameleon (19-04-2016)
Having children hasn't ruined my career but I'm in a unique situation and I know that I am very VERY lucky, especially after reading this thread.
I have a 2.5 and 4.5 yr old and I work full time. I have been doing so for the pat year. Before that I was working part time, 4 days a week, and when DS2 was under 7 months old I worked about 1-2 days a week but I brought him in with me some days.
The big difference is that I work in my family business (as a professional accountant), my husband is a stay at home dad (he left his banking role and ran his own business from home for some years when i got pregnant with DS1), we also have a nanny that helps 2 days a week, and they both go to child care 3 days a week now (Ds2 only since the start of this year).
I absolutely love my job, and I want to progress my career even further. I'm pregnant with #3 now and planning to go back to work almost full time from 6 months, but only because I have that support at home (husband, nanny, child care and next year, kindy). I'm crucial to the business so I can negotiate whatever hours I want but I actually want to be there as much as possible.
As much as I adore my children, I don't want to give up my career for any period of time. It does make a big difference when you know that one parent is there with them at all times.
In our firm, we have traditionally always hired women - not on purpose but they always ended up being the best candidates. We do have 2 male accountants working for us, but out of 13 employees in my firm, they are the only ones. Over the years, we have had a number of women go on maternity leave. Most of them never came back, or only came back for a short period, even though we did offer flexible hours. We currently have a senior accountant who has 2 boys similar ages to my son. She works 2 days a week in the office and the rest of the week from home. She gets a very average base salary for her 2 days and then commission based remuneration for all the work she does. It's worked out for her quite well so far - she is getting more $ than she did working 4 days a week last year.
There are good employers out there
but I agree, it's very hard if you're part time. If she was a low level employee, I'm not sure we would have agreed to this arrangement.
The Following 5 Users Say Thank You to A-Squared For This Useful Post:
babyno1onboard (19-04-2016),binnielici (19-04-2016),Bongley (19-04-2016),Rose&Aurelia&Hannah (19-04-2016),VicPark (19-04-2016)
Similar Threads
Tell me about your career change?By jez in forum Working Hubbers - EmployedReplies: 6Last Post: 21-07-2015, 22:21
Have you left your career?By Cue in forum General ChatReplies: 22Last Post: 25-05-2015, 12:37
Help-Career advice !By MummaJugs3 in forum General ChatReplies: 9Last Post: 19-04-2015, 23Feline Friday – Hangover Cat January 9, 2015 The Day After New Years Eve Linking to → Burnt Food Dude Get the → Feline Friday Link code More RubbishFeline Friday – The PresentFeline Friday – Feels GoodFeline Friday – Ner Ner Ner Ner NerFeline Friday – Keeping Awake
Twitter ID: mycomedyplus
says:
I’ve had a few mornings like that, but it’s been a long, long time ago.
Have a purrfect Feline Friday Steve. 🙂
Comedy Plus also recently posted..Feline Friday
Twitter ID: ArleeBird
says:
I know that feeling whether it being sick or just plain thirsty. This could go either way. Then again knowing cats it could be a matter of “What the hell is down there anyway?”
Lee
Arlee Bird also recently posted..I Got Something (BOTB Results)
ohahahahah just do not fall in!
Twitter ID: mjgowho
says:
Been there done that a long time ago though.
Mike Golch also recently posted..5 On Friday Set # 259
Very few and far in-between for me, but I do remember how that look feels. 😉
Heeheehee! Be more careful next time, cat!
mimi also recently posted..Context
Twitter ID: RhondaAlbom
says:
Perfect caption for this one. LOL
Rhonda Albom also recently posted..Sarah’s Saturday Snapshots #24 – Long GrassMONTREAL – The city’s International Fireworks Competition kicks off its 30th edition Saturday night,ust 2, with two additional displays on Wednesday, July 16 and 23.
Italy, Spain, Australia, Canada, the U.S. and France will also display.
WATCH: Montreal fireworks programme unveiled
The competition will be capped off by an homage to Pink Floyd on August 2 by a non-competing group from Quebec.
The organization behind the fireworks competition pegs the number of fans at around three million. It’s the most prestigious of its kind in the world.
© The Canadian Press, 2014I.
Hmm. Another time when not having a credit card is frustrating…..
For folks who are too poor (like me):
COnsider volunteering at your local Red Cross – they may need local help with this disaster, or others.
FInd a CoinStar machine near you that takes donations for the Red Cross and give it what change you have, or can spare. The site can tell you where to find one nearby.
Thanks for the link — I’m passing the meme along in my blog.
I’m hoping they take PayPal – if not, it needs to wait until the weekend.
But $25 is already earmarked for the Red Cross. And if any money comes in between now and then (I’m expecting some), they get more.
As much as can be spared, should be spared.People the kidney, bladder and prostate. A Urologist can perform surgery to correct any problems with the areas mentioned above including surgery on the adrenal glands. The adrenals sit on top of the kidneys.
There are many other disorders and illnesses that an experienced urologist can monitor and treat and these include:
- Interstitial cystitis
- Kidney stones
- Recurring urinary tract infections
- Sexual dysfunction
- Infertility in men and women
- Cancer in the kidneys, bladder, urinary tract, and testicles
Though urology is a specific medical specialty of its own, there are a number of subspecialties in this category. Your urologist might send you to a colleague who has specialized training in the area where you are having issues. In some cases, a urologist may work with a doctor in an entirely separate medical field to coordinate your care.
For instance, a urologic oncologist specializes in cancers of the urinary tract and a few others. Your doctor might also work with a radiation therapist or medical oncologist in treating your condition. Your doctor is most concerned that you get the very best treatment options available and various specialties often work together to make this happen.
Related Post: Urinary Tract Infection Treatment at All Women Urology
Some of the lesser problems that patients might see a urologist for include bladder leakage. If you leak urine upon coughing or sneezing, this is normally not a severe problem, but more of a nuisance issue. Your urologist can help with incontinence and overactive bladder. There are drugs available now to deal with problems like this, along with other more natural therapies such as Kegel exercises.
If you’ve been experiencing problems such as an urge to go more often, or if you have bloody or cloudy urine, it might be time to schedule an appointment with your urologist.Ink Asia offers design and prepress support both locally and internationally. We have manufacturing facilities in Shenzhen, Shanghai and Taipei; Australian sales offices in Sydney, Melbourne and Perth; and a production, planning and design studio within the Sydney office.
Our elite staff of over 4,000 can assist you with all your printing needs. No job is too big or small! Ink Asia offers world class customer service and expert print Knowledge.
We can assist you with scans, separation and sizing, CTP and conventional prepress, conversion of native files, HI-RES digital proofing, spin jets, LO-RES proofs and ozalids, copy dot scanning, arching and filler management.
Our print house includes 13 web presses, 23 sheet-fed presses and years of experience. Our extensive background in the industry enables us to provide you and your company the very best in printing, whatever industry or business you may be in.The.
2 Piece Set
Limited Edition of 600
Limited Edition of 800
1/32 (54mm) Scale
Gloss Finish
The 1st Regiment of Life Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army, part of the Household Cavalry. It was formed in 1788 by the union of the 1st Troop of Horse Guards and 1st Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards. In 1922, it was amalgamated with the 2nd Life Guards to form the Life Guards.
Limited Edition Set of 400
Limited Edition of 400
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now
×storage benches and nightstands lovely black leather ottoman bench unique ottomans cube round of.
storage benches and nightstands lovely black leather ottoman bench unique ottomans cube round of is one of ottoman wonderful beautiful creation that can inspire you to pick one which is will make your living decoration more luxurious and comfortable, this ottoman collecton is published at December 28, 2017, 11:07 am posted on ottoman collection Category .
Related Post
Madison Glider And Ottoman Taupe Storage Ottoman Jennifer Taylor Ottoman Oversized Tray For Ottoman Ikat Storage Ottoman Resin Wicker Ottoman Rustic Ottoman Ikea Storage Ottoman Patio Ottomans Glider With Ottoman Walmart Ottoman Under 50 Lime Green Ottoman Ottoman As Coffee Table Ottoman Morocco Needlepoint Ottoman Cindy Crawford Ottoman Black Chair And Ottoman Zebra Print Storage Ottoman Tall Pouf Ottoman Vintage Round OttomanSkiing Shirts
CafePress - ski like a girl Girl's Tee
Shirt Information
A favorite winter sport in North America and Europe is skiing. There are many different types of skiing and each is unique in its own way. These Ski Like a Girl T-Shirts show the black diamonds with the phrase 'Catch Me if You Can'. There is snowboarding, who many would consider a separate sport entirely. There is alpine skiing, moguls, cross-country, jumping, freestyle, and more. The Ski Like a Girl T-Shirts will empower women all over the world as they can ski as well or better than the men. Some great places to ski in the world include Killington in Vermont, and Lake Tahoe on the border of California and Nevada. There are also many ski resorts in Switzerland and throughout Europe.
______________________
Category: Sports
Baseball / Baseball Attitude / Basketball / Bingo / Bowling / Camping / Car Racing / Cricket / Dirt Bike / Fishing / Football / Golf / Hockey / Karate / Lacrosse / Motocross / Poker / Skateboarding / Skiing / Soccer / Swimming / Tennis / Volleyball
___________________________As long as the Dodgers are winning, and the St. Louis Cardinals are losing, one day can make a tremendous bit of difference in the National League wild-card standings.
Saturday was one of those days.
The Cardinals, down 4-3, came back to tie the Washington Nationals in the ninth inning before losing 6-4 in the 10 th. The final score flashed on the video board in the sixth inning at Dodger Stadium, causing the announced crowd of 40,724 to voice its approval.
The Dodgers then proceeded to beat the Colorado Rockies 3-0 for their fourth straight win, pulling within two games of the Cardinals for the final wild-card berth with four games left in the season.
Starting pitcher Joe Blanton (10-13) didn’t see the score flash on the video board, but still managed to figure out the Cardinals had lost.
“It got pretty loud,” he said. “I figured it was something like that.”
His feeling in the moment? “No different.”
To make the playoffs, Blanton and the Dodgers know they’ll need more help from a Cardinals team that has won nine of its past 12 games. At least the Dodgers are suddenly helping themselves.
Matt Kemp hit his 21 st and 22 nd home runs of the season, and Blanton and three relievers combined on a seven-hit shutout – the Dodgers’ second shutout in as many days.
Kemp unloaded on a hanging curveball from Tyler Chatwood (5-6) in the fourth inning, launching the ball an estimated 461 feet to the upper reaches of the left-field pavilion. In the eighth inning, Kemp picked a more familiar trajectory – a lower arc over the right-field fence – for his opposite-field blast off Josh Roenicke in the eighth inning.
“It feels good to hit balls that hard,” Kemp said. “Hopefully I can do that the next four, five days.”
Kemp and Hanley Ramirez both went 3 for 4, A.J. Ellis and Adrian Gonzalez went 2 for 4, accounting for all of the Dodgers’ 10 hits.
Ellis’ fourth-inning single drove in Hanley Ramirez. The Dodgers have won their past four games by a combined score of 27-6.
This one was a bit closer than the past three, at least on paper. In reality, the Rockies never threatened, getting only one runner to third base against Blanton, Ronald Belisario, Kenley Jansen and Brandon League, who pitched a 1-2-3 ninth inning for his sixth save.
“A.J. called a great game,” said Blanton, who won his first game since Aug. 29. “My cutter was good, curveball and slider were decent.”
It was the type of game the Dodgers were expecting from Blanton, who had more postseason wins than their other starters combined when the right-hander was acquired from Philadelphia on Aug. 3. It was the type of game Blanton was hoping to pitch in too – though as a Dodger he was 1-4 with a 5.57 ERA prior to Saturday as the team’s playoff hopes dimmed to a flicker.
Kemp’s multi-homer game was his second of the season, the other coming April 14. The same shoulder and knee ailments that were blamed for Kemp’s .159 batting average in 20 games after he crashed into the center-field wall Aug. 28 at Coors Field haven’t simply disappeared.
Said Dodgers manager Don Mattingly, “we know Matt’s banged up but he’s ready to go every day. … ‘Banged up’ doesn’t mean that every swing hurts.”
It just means that he’s often sore the morning after a game, Mattingly said, and that trainers have to perform “some maintenance” before each game to get Kemp loose.
As Kemp goes, so do the Dodgers, and in their four straight wins Kemp is 9 for 17 with three homers, three doubles and seven RBIs.
Dodgers third baseman Luis Cruz left the game in the seventh inning after complaining of a headache, but expects to be OK to play today.
He said the headache was the result of getting hit by a baseball behind his left ear in the Dodgers’ indoor batting cage before the game.
Right-hander Josh Beckett will start today in search of a series sweep and his first win since Sept. 1. He’s allowed only two runs in two starts at home since he was traded to the Dodgers on Aug. 25. The Rockies will counter with left-hander Jorge De La Rosa, who is making his third start of the season.
Sometime during the game, the Dodgers figure to learn how the Cardinals fared in their series finale against Washington.
Nationals catcher Kurt Suzuki, whose RBI double in the 10 th inning made the difference Saturday, was given the following message from Mattingly:
“Win tomorrow.”
jp.hoornstra@inlandnewspapers.com twitter.com/jphoornstraTemperatures in parts of the Sunshine State are reaching the mid 20's.
The cold is also wreaking havoc at airports up and down the East Coast. In Charleston, South Carolina one of two runways finally reopened after a rare snowfall. Normal service is expected to resume Sunday morning.
At New York's JFK Airport a backlog of flights led to long tarmac delays. One woman spent seven hours stuck idling on the runway.
Passenger, Jenni Monet said, "I think everyone is doing the best they can in this situation. JFK is kind of a logistic disaster right now."
In north Philadelphia in the meantime, a tragic end for firefighters battling not just the elements but also a rowhouse fire. Two people killed including a firefighter who died after part of the structure collapsed.
Philadelphia Mayor, Jim Kenney said, "Every one of our firefighters and paramedics every day on every shift put themselves in harm's way for us. And we will be there for his family forever."
In Chicago, Lake Michigan is on ice -- an Eerie skyline and an empty Windy City. Only a few brave souls are taking on mother nature.
In Vermont, the cold weather is too much for avid skiers! Killington Resort is one of the most popular in the northeast and closed due to the arctic air.
It's expected to reopen Sunday.
Related Topics:
weathersevere weatherNew Jersey
weathersevere weatherNew Jersey
Fall 2014
Idea for Graphic
Map Showing Lane County Water Bottle Refill Locations and Outdoor Fountains
. (
)
The map is being developed and hosted by Lane Community College with the assistance of the Lane County Tap Water Coalition. It is in the early stages and will expand soon beyond the Eugene/Springfield area.
The image could be an internationally recognized one although it would be hard to illustrate the different ways water is offered (traditional water fountain, water bottle reill station, water container at a cafe, etc.).
(The links below need updating.)
Affordable Health Services in Lane County
Recipe Links & Other Information for Everyday Cooking Series
ThriveLaneCounty.info
The idea for this website came after reading an article in the January/February 2010 issue of
AARP: The Magazine
called “Miracle Makeover”, by Dan Buettner. It’s the story of how people in the small town of Albert Lea, Minnesota, got motivated, had fun moving more and eating well, made new friends, found a greater sense of purpose and maybe added years to their lives. Albert Lea was featured again in this 2014 Scientific American Blog: "
What if we all just stopped trying to lose weight?
" By Patrick Mustain, Scientific American Blog, May 22, 2014.
Our area already has a number of opportunities to help people in our community engage in these healthy behaviors. This website aims to be a
one-stop hub
for inspiration, opportunities and information about healthy living in Lane County.
This resource list has four parts:
(
besides the Affordable Health Services link above)
Eating Well
including
Beverages + Key Words for Healthy Eating
(in INFORMATION column)
Moving More
Finding Purpose
Relationships: Connecting
with Others
Graphic by Eugene native Ryan Dobrowski... a BBC presenter has condemned the broadcaster’s diversity strategy and claimed he was dismissed from his role for being a “white man”. Jon Holmes, a Bafta-winning writer and comedian who has appeared on Radio 4’s The Now Show for 18 years, claimed bosses let him go after informing him the show was being recast with “more women and diversity”.A few colleagues and I decided to step up to the plate and give back to our family in Haiti. Please show support and forward this, even if you can not make it:.
As we are looking to get together and make an impact, we decided to come together and host “Love Helps: Haitian Earthquake Relief Afterwork Fundraiser” so that we can donate ALL earnings to our families in HAITI, via Wyclef Jean’s YELEHAITI foundation.
It will be FREE entrance – however we will be collecting donations inside. Permissible donations include:
-Money
-Pre-paid cell phones (very useful to the folks in Haiti as they are looking for ways to replace lost communication)
DJ Vega Benetton (of Haitian descent) will be there spinning the best of hip hop, reggae & of course, KOMPA.
Shout out to Tuff City Styles.
A good time for a good cause.
We hope to see you there next wednesday & God bless.
Organizers/Sponsors so far (list will be updated):
“Radio The Rahim” Wright
Steven Whitaker
Taahira Maynard
Cathie Marie
Marie “Free” Wright & Freesworld.com
VladTV.com
5 Point Magazine.com
Wildcard Productions
Shana Louallen (Official Volunteer Publicist)
Zack Einhorn (Dice Music Group)
Trisha Nozier
Ketsia Poteau
Sem Philippe (Flyer Design)
Nile Ivey & Youheardthatnew.com
Jeff “Streetz” Johnson
Jeremy Kersaint (CEO of TR Luxury)
Ernest Estime
Edwidge Turenne
Anna Senat
Nicole Wescott
Ramon Beltran
Maria Pulice (Photography)
The Jackson Family (including The Law Offices of Stacey Marques Jackson)
L Woods & Something For The People
Several New york based chapters of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc
Filed under: 2010 haiti earthquake, disaster, haiti earthquake, non stop radio, radio the rahim, wow | Tagged: fundraiser, haitian earthquake disaster 2010, love helps, radio the rahim |Kolkata,10 Nov,2008:Argentine soccer legend Diego Maradona will lay the foundation stone of the Indian Football School (IFS) besides participating at a charity dinner during his visit to the city December 5-7.
Announcing Maradona's itinerary in the city, Lok Sabha MP Samik Lahiri said the present Argentine coach would arrive at the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport in the city on the night December 5.
After laying the foundation stone of the IFS in Maheshtala , about 13 km south of the city December 6, Maradona would meet the press - his first ever media interaction after becoming the Argentina coach.
The West Bengal government and the soccer fraternity would felicitate the superstar in the evening at the Salt lake Stadium, where all former soccer internationals of India would be invited. Maradona's programme for the day ends with a charity dinner, where some of his football gears would come under the hammer.
The hero of Argentina's 1986 World Cup victory is scheduled to visit Mother House, the global headquarters of Missionaries of Charity the next day, before attending a football clinic with youngsters, Lahiri told reporters on Monday. Maradona would leave for home the same night. To a query, he said Maradona could not play now, as he was a FIFA-registered coach. Lahiri also refused to disclose the remuneration Maradona has asked for his appearance.
The soccer genius is likely to be accompanied by his estranged wife Claudia, who played a big role in arranging the meeting between him and the organisers which made the visit possible. Asked what benefit would accrue to the country from the visit, Lahiri said: "The presence of the soccer master will definitely inspire and motivate the youngsters, who have grown up watching his exploits on the soccer field through video".
Lahiri said the ambitious IFS project would start by choosing 20 talented youngsters below the age of 10 from various clinics. The cadets would be coached by a former national level player, who would undergo a coaches' training in a reputed Latin American soccer academy.
After three years of training, the total number of youngsters would be pruned down to 40 (three batches combined). Once the shortlisted charges become 18, efforts would be made to place them in the leagues of various Latin American and European countries.
"Initially, we can't find slots for them in the premier divisions, but I think placing them in lower divisions should be possible," he said. He exuded confidence that if the project succeeded, the country would get 100 players with the experience of playing at the international level. West Bengal Sports Minister Subhas Chakraborty said the state government would play the role of facilitator for Maradona's visit.This Korean Won and MaidSafeCoin convertor is up to date with exchange rates from January 16, 2018.
Enter the amount to be converted in the box to the left of Korean Won. Use "Swap currencies" to make MaidSafeCoin the default currency. Click on MaidSafeCoins or Korean Won to convert between that currency and all other currencies.
The Korean Won is the currency in South Korea (Republic of Korea, KR, KOR). The MaidSafeCoin is the currency in no countries. The symbol for KRW can be written W. The symbol for XMS can be written XMS. The Korean Won is divided into 100 chon. The exchange rate for the Korean Won was last updated on January 16, 2018 from The International Monetary Fund. The exchange rate for the MaidSafeCoin was last updated on January 16, 2018 from coinmarketcap.com. The KRW conversion factor has 6 significant digits. The XMS conversion factor has 6 significant digits.Industry to Clamp Down on Fraudulent Green Deal Traders
30 April 2013
Householders are being warned to remain vigilant after reports of fraudulent Green Deal traders emerged.
Trading Standards watchdogs have been notified of a number of instances in which bogus doorstep traders have informed householders they are entitled to free home improvement under the Green Deal.
The Green Deal is a Government initiated scheme that allows householders to receive a loan for the upfront payment of retrofitting their property with energy efficient home improvements, including measures such as Cavity Wall Insulation and Loft Insulation.
The scheme is unique in that it allows the recipient to repay the loan through their energy bill, with repayments not exceeding the sum saved by installation. With repayment and savings offsetting each other, householders will not be out of pocket.
Bogus Assessments
Caerphilly Trading Standards announced that 17 cases had been reported in which a doorstep seller advised the home owner that they were entitled to £10,000 to cover home improvements under the Green Deal, which would be made free of charge.
The seller went on to inform the householder than an administration charge was required. It is thought that some householders who signed up to the scheme were charged £299.
After paying out for the administration charge, no work was completed and enquires were not returned.
West Yorkshire Trading Standards has also experienced “dozens” of complaints of a similar nature.
No Cowboys
On learning of the fraudulent activity, Climate Change Minister Greg Barker said: “I want to be completely clear, cowboys will not be tolerated in any part of the Green Deal.
“We are taking these accusations very seriously,” he continued. “The relevant authorities are seeking urgent explanations from the company for the customer complaints that have been made.
“There are a number of steps that we can take if a satisfactory response is not received. This includes legal action by Trading Standards or revoking their authorisation to act as a Green Deal installer.”
Authentic Assessors
In lieu of the reports, householders are being reminded to check the authenticity of any person or company offering home improvements under the scheme.
Only certified Green Deal Assessors can carry out the evaluation that will determine if Cavity Wall Insulation, Loft Insulation, or any other improvement is suitable for a property.
At the end of March, 1,003 certified assessors were registered with the Department of Energy and Climate Change (DECC). Each of these assessors has been through specialised training. 108 organisations were also recorded as being Green Deal certified at the end of March.
Only certified Green Deal assessors are permitted to use identification with the scheme’s accreditation logo.
If in doubt about the authenticity of an assessor, householders are advised to check with DECC.Surprising result shocks scientists studying spin
Imagine playing a game of billiards, putting a bit of counter-clockwise spin on the cue ball and watching it deflect to the right as it strikes its target ball. With luck, or skill, the target ball sinks into the corner pocket ...
 6 – 8! :)
Hi Kath,
The Black Eyed Peas in the crockpot turned out wonderful. I will definitely try it again.
Thank you for the recipe and the good advice.
Happy new Year.
. :)
thanks so much for your reply! i’m gonna give this a shot :)! :)- American Society of Plant Biologists
Abstract
The floral regulators GIGANTEA (GI), CONSTANS (CO), and FLOWERING LOCUS T (FT) play key roles in the photoperiodic flowering responses of the long-day plant Arabidopsis thaliana. The GI-CO-FT pathway is highly conserved in plants. Here, we demonstrate that the circadian clock proteins LATE ELONGATED HYPOCOTYL (LHY) and CIRCADIAN CLOCK–ASSOCIATED1 (CCA1) not only repressed the floral transition under short-day and long-day conditions but also accelerated flowering when the plants were grown under continuous light (LL). LHY and CCA1 accelerated flowering in LL by promoting FT expression through a genetic pathway that appears to be independent of the canonical photoperiodic pathway involving GI and CO proteins. A genetic screen revealed that the late-flowering phenotype of the lhy;cca1 double mutant under LL was suppressed through mutations in SHORT VEGETATIVE PHASE (SVP), a MADS box transcription factor. Yeast two-hybrid analysis demonstrated an interaction between SVP and FLOWERING LOCUS C, and genetic analysis indicated that these two proteins act as partially redundant repressors of flowering time. SVP protein accumulated in lhy;cca1 plants under LL. We propose a model in which LHY and CCA1 accelerate flowering in part by reducing the abundance of SVP and thereby antagonizing its capacity to repress FT expression under LL..
A Change of Daylength Response by lhy;cca1.
(A) Wild-type Arabidopsis and lhy-12;cca1-101 at 30 d after sowing in LL.
(B) Summary of flowering phenotypes of the Arabidopsis mutant.
(C) Flowering time of the wild type (blue) and lhy-12;cca1-101 (red) in LL and various light/dark cycles (24 h of light [L], 23 h 50 min of L/10 min of dark [D], 23 h 30 min of L/30 min of D, 23 h of L/1 h of D, 16 h of L/8 h of D, and 10 h of L/14 h of D). Numbers of total leaves when plants flowered were scored, and the data are presented as means ± se.
(D) A schematic model showing the reversal of daylength response by lhy;cca1. The daylength responses of wild-type Arabidopsis (LD plant) and rice (SD plant) are shown in blue and green, respectively.
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results.).
Downregulation of FT Expression in lhy;cca1 under LL.
(A) Expression of GI, CO, and FT in the wild type and lhy-12;cca1-101 grown under LL (24°C). TUBULIN2 (TUB) levels are shown as controls. At least 20 seedlings for each time point and genotype were used. Open boxes represent continuous light conditions, and hours from the first sampling are shown above the boxes.
(B) Flowering times of the wild type and various mutants under LL. Six to 14 plants of each genotype were used for each trial. CL and RL represent cauline and rosette leaves, respectively.
(C) and (D) Expression of GI, CO, and FT in the wild type and lhy-12;cca1-101 grown under light/dark cycles (16 h of light/8 h of dark, 24°C [C]) and temperature cycles (16 h at 24°C/8 h at 20°C, LL [D]) for 12 d. Open and closed bars along the horizontal axis represent light and dark periods, respectively, in (C). Open and striped bars along the horizontal axis represent warm and cold periods, respectively, in (D). Hours from dawn (ZT) are shown above the bars.
(E) Flowering time of the wild type and lhy-12;cca1-101 grown under temperature cycles (16 h at 24°C/8 h at 20°C, LL).
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results. Data in (B) and (E) are presented as means ± se.).
The svp Mutation Suppressed the Late-Flowering Phenotype of lhy;cca1 and Increased FT and SOC1 Expression in LL.
(A) Appearance of Ler wild type, lhy-12;cca1-101, lhy-12;cca1-101;svp-3, and svp-3 plants in LL.
(B) Flowering times of plants shown in (A).
(C) The svp alleles in Arabidopsis. Black boxes represent exons, white boxes represent noncoding DNA, and black lines represent introns.
(D) Missplicing of SVP in svp-3. Exons 1 to 3 of SVP of the wild type and svp-3 were amplified by RT-PCR. Different sizes of RT-PCR products are indicated by black and white arrowheads in the wild type (166 bp) and svp-3 (159 bp), respectively. svp-3 caused a missplicing and a 7-bp deletion in the SVP transcripts.
(E) Expression of FT, SOC1, GI, and CO in Ler wild-type, svp-3, lhy-12;cca1-101, and lhy-12;cca1-101;svp-3 plants grown under LL for 12 d. TUBULIN2 (TUB) levels are shown as controls. Open boxes represent LL conditions, and hours from the first sampling are shown.
(F) and (G) Flowering times of various mutant plants in LL.
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results. Data in (B), (F), and (G) are presented as means ± se. ∼40.
Roles of FLC in the Late Flowering of lhy;cca1 in LL.
(A) Flowering times of flc-101 (Col), svp-31;flc-101 (Col), svp-32;flc-101 (Col), and control plants in SD.
(B) Yeast two-hybrid assay showing direct interaction between SVP and FLC. FLC/SVP indicates that FLC or SVP is fused to the Gal4 activation domain or DNA binding domain, respectively. As a positive control, 53/T was used. Concentrations of the inhibitor of His biosynthesis (3-aminotriazole [3-AT]) used are shown (mM).
(C) Flowering times of Ler wild-type, lhy-12;cca1-101, lhy-12;cca1-102, and 35S:FLC plants in LL.
(D) Flowering times of Col wild-type, lhy-11;cca1-1 (Col), lhy-11;cca1-1;flc-101, and lhy-11;cca1-1;flc-102 plants in LL.
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results. Data in (A), (C), and (D) are presented as means ± se.).
Effects of SVP Overexpression on Flowering Time in LL and LD.
(A) and (B) Flowering times of wild-type (Ler), svp-3 (Ler), wild-type (Col), svp-31 (Col), and svp-32 (Col) plants in LD (A) and SD (B).
(C) Expression of SVP and TUB in Ler wild-type and lhy-12;cca1-101 plants grown under LL for 12 d.
(D) and (E) 35S:SVP delayed flowering in LL. Images of Ler wild-type, 35S:SVP, and 35S:FLC plants in LL (D) and LD (E) and flowering times of these plants are shown.
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results. Data in (A), (B), (D), and (E) are presented as means ± se. ABU95407 in the National Center for Biotechnology Information database) that correspond to different lengths of SVP proteins (240 and 235 amino acids) have been identified. Those probably generated by alternative splicing () are likely to be responsible for the two bands.
SVP Protein Accumulation.
(A) SVP protein level in the wild type and lhy;cca1 under LL. Leaf extracts from each plant (30 μg) were subjected to SDS-PAGE and immunoblotted using SVP-specific antibody. Equal protein loading was confirmed by staining ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase large subunit (Rubisco LSU) with zinc stain (Bio-Rad).
(B) SVP protein level in the wild type (Ler) and lhy-12;cca1-101 (Ler) under LD (16 h of light/8 h of dark).
All of these experiments were done at least twice with similar results..
A Schematic Model Showing the Activation and Repression of the FT Gene Controlled by LHY and CCA1.
The plant circadian clock controls the rhythmic expression of the GI gene, which may allow rhythmic accumulation of GI protein, which interacts with ZTL. The ZTL–GI interaction controls the accumulation of the clock component TOC1, thus allowing robust circadian oscillations in gene expression. GI protein also interacts with FKF1, and this FKF1-GI protein complex in turn targets CDF1, a transcriptional repressor of flowering, for degradation. CDF1 proteolysis releases transcriptional repression of the CO gene, which allows CO protein expression and LD-dependent accumulation to activate FT gene expression and promote flowering. This pathway involves three floral activator genes, GI, CO, and FT, and is controlled by the clock proteins LHY and CCA1. All of these events occur in the afternoon and evening. The plant circadian clock also controls rhythmic expression of the LHY and CCA1 genes, which allow rhythmic accumulation of LHY and CCA1 proteins around dawn. By contrast, SVP protein was at trough level around dawn and accumulated before and after dawn, thus preventing the unexpected activation of FT expression. These events occur in the first half of the daytime and are required for the precise control of flowering time by the circadian clock. ∼20 M1 plants. Approximately 13,000 M2 seeds representing ∼1300 ∼20 M1 plants. Approximately 50,000 M2 seeds representing ∼5000 P92973; LHY, At1g01060 and Q6R0H1; GI, At1g22770 and Q9SQI2; CO, At5g15840 and Q39057; FT, At1g65480 and Q9SXZ2; FLC, At5g10140 and Q9S7Q7; SVP, At2g22540 and Q9FVC1; SOC1, At2g45660 and O64645; TUB2, At5g62690 and.
Footnotes
The author responsible for distribution of materials integral to the findings presented in this article in accordance with the policy described in the Instructions for Authors () is: Tsuyoshi Mizoguchi (mizoguchi{at}gene.tsukuba.ac.jp).
↵1 These authors contributed equally to this work.
↵[W] Online version contains Web-only data.
- Received June 18, 2008.
- Revised September 8, 2008.
- Accepted October 29, 2008.
- Published November 14, 2008.How are we Obligated to Interpret the Qur’aan?
Imaam Muhammad Naasir-ud-Deen Al-Albaanee
“Kayfa yajibu ‘alaynaa an Nufassir al-Qur’aan” (pg. 35-40)
Al-Ibaanah.com
[ Here is complete book]
[9] Question: How are we obligated to interpret the noble Qur’aan?
[9] Answer: Allaah, Blessed and Exalted, sent the Qur’aan down to the heart of His Messenger Muhammad in order to bring mankind from out of the darkness of disbelief and ignorance to the light of Islaam. Allaah says: “Alif-Laam-Raa. This is a Book which We have revealed unto you (O Muhammad) in order that you may lead mankind from out of the darkness (of disbelief) into the light (of Islaam), by the permission of their Lord, to the path of the All-Mighty, the Most Praiseworthy.” [Surah Ibraaheem: 1]
And He placed His Messenger (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) to clarify, interpret and explain what is in the Qur’aan. Allaah says: “And We revealed to you (O Muhammad), the Reminder (i.e. the Sunnah), in order for you to explain to mankind what was (already) revealed to them, and so that they may reflect.” [Surah An-Nahl: 44]
So the Sunnah came in order to explain and clarify what is found in the noble Qur’aan, and it is (also) a revelation sent by Allaah, as He says: “And he (i.e. Muhammad) does not speak from his own desire. Rather, it is just revelation that is revealed to him.” [Surah An-Najm: 3-4]
Furthermore, the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said: “I was indeed given the Qur’aan and something similar to it along with it. It is imminent that there will come a time where a man who has eaten to his full will recline on his couch and say: ‘Stick to the Qur’aan. Whatever you find in it that is Halaal (lawful), then declare it lawful. And whatever you find in it that is Haraam (unlawful), then declare it unlawful!’ Whereas, whatever Allaah’s Messenger made unlawful is just like what Allaah made unlawful.”
So the first source that must be used to interpret the noble Qur’aan is the Qur’an (itself) along with the Sunnah, which consists of the Prophet’s statements, actions and silent approvals. Then after that, it must be interpreted using the interpretations (tafseer) of the people of knowledge, at the head of whom are the Companions of the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam). And the foremost amongst the Companions with regard to this subject (tafseer) is ‘Abdullaah bin Mas’ood (radyAllaahu ‘anhu). This is due to several factors, one being that he was one of the first to accompany the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) (i.e. accept Islaam), and another being that he (radyAllaahu ‘anhu) would give strong emphasis to asking about, understanding, and interpreting the Qur’aan. Then after him comes ‘Abdullaah bin ‘Abbaas (radyAllaahu ‘anhu), about whom ‘Abdullaah bin Mas’ood (radyAllaahu ‘anhu) said: “He is the interpreter (turjumaan) of the Qur’aan.”
Then after them, any Companion whose interpretation (tafseer) of an ayah can be authentically confirmed – and there exists no difference of opinion amongst the Companions regarding it, we accept this interpretation (tafseer) from him with full contentment, submission and reliance. And if no such tafseer can be found (from the Companions) regarding a particular ayah, then we take its tafseer from the Taabi’een, particularly those who specialized in studying tafseer under the Companions of Allaah’s Messenger (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam), such as Sa’eed bin Jubair, Taawoos and others who are well known for their studying of tafseer under some of the Companions, particularly Ibn ‘Abbaas (radyAllaahu ‘anhu), as we mentioned previously.
Unfortunately, there are some ayaat that are interpreted according to a certain opinion or madh-hab (school of Jurisprudence), and for which no direct explanation from the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) can be found. So because of this, some latter-day individuals relied solely on applying such ayahs according to their madh-hab in order to interpret them. And this is an extremely dangerous matter – where ayaat are interpreted in order to support one’s madh-hab and (personal) views – whereas the scholars of tafseer have interpreted these verses in a different way than the adherents of these madhaahib have interpreted them.
Perhaps, we should mention an example of this, which is Allaah’s statement: “So recite what is easy from the Qur’aan.” [Surah Al-Muzammil: 20] Some of the adherents of certain madhaahib have interpreted this ayah to refer to just the recitation itself, meaning: What is obligatory to recite from the Qur’aan in all of the prayers is just one long ayah or three short ayaat. They said this in spite of there being reported the authentic hadeeth from the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam): “There is no prayer for the one who doesn’t recite the opening chapter (Faatihah) of the Book (Qur’aan).” And in another hadeeth, the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said: “Whoever performs a prayer in which he doesn’t recite the opening chapter of the Book, then it is deficient, deficient, deficient, and not complete.”
The basis of proof indicated in these two hadeeths is rejected by the afore-mentioned interpretation of the above ayah, which is that the ayah refers to the recitation of the Qur’aan in general. And according to them, it is not permissible to interpret the Qur’aan except with the Sunnah that came in mutawaatir[1] form – meaning it is not permitted to interpret the mutawaatir except with the mutawaatir. So because of this, they rejected the two previously mentioned hadeeth due to their relying on their opinion or madh-hab for the interpretation of this ayah.
In spite of this, all of the scholars of tafseer, past and present, have explained that the meaning of the noble ayah “So recite what is easy from the Qur’aan” is: “So pray what is easy for you from the Night Prayer (Tahajjud).” This is since Allaah mentioned this part of the ayah in connection to His saying (i.e. the complete ayah): “Verily, your Lord knows that you stand (to pray at night) a little less than two thirds of the night, or half the night, or a third of the night, and also a party of those with you. And Allaah measures the night and the day. He knows that you are unable to pray the entire night, so He has turned to you (in mercy). So recite what is easy from the Qur’aan.” [Surah Al-Muzammil: 20]
The last part means: “So pray what is easy for you from the Night Prayer (Tahajjud).” Therefore, the ayah is not in reference to what a person is obligated to recite specifically during the night prayer. Rather, (in this ayah), Allaah facilitates for the Muslims to pray what they are able to perform from the Night Prayer. This means that they are not obligated to pray what the Messenger of Allaah (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) used to pray, which was eleven rak’aat, as you are aware of.
So this is the meaning of the ayah. It is phrased in an Arabic style of “applying a portion, by which the whole is intended.” Thus, Allaah’s statement: “So recite” means “So pray.” The prayer is the whole, while the recitation (in prayer) is the portion. The purpose of this phrasing is to clarify the importance of this portion with respect to that whole. Another example of this is Allaah’s statement: “Perform the prayer from midday until the darkness of the night (Dhuhr, ‘Asr, Maghrib, ‘Ishaa), and (also) the (recitation of the) Qur’aan of Fajr (dawn).” [Surah Al-Israa: 78]
The meaning of “the Qur’aan of Fajr” is “the Fajr Prayer.” So in this situation also, the portion is applied but the whole is intended. This is a style in the Arabic Language that is well known.
So therefore, after showing the interpretation of this ayah from the scholars of tafseer, without there being any difference of opinion amongst the past and present from them, it is not permissible to reject the first and second hadeeths (mentioned previously), claiming that they are ahead, and that it is not permissible to interpret the Qur’aan with ahaad hadeeth! This is since the afore-mentioned ayah was interpreted by the statements of the scholars who are knowledgeable of the language of the Qur’aan. This is first, and secondly, it is because the hadeeth of the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam)(sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) does not contradict the Qur’aan, but rather, it explains and clarifies it, as we explained in the beginning of this discussion. How can this be when this ayah has no relation to the subject of what a Muslim is obligated to recite during prayer, regardless of whether it is an obligatory or recommended prayer.
But as for the two afore-mentioned hadeeths, then it is clear that they both are on the subject of a person’s prayer not being valid unless he recites Surah Al-Faatihah in it: “There is no prayer for the one who doesn’t recite the opening chapter (Faatihah) of the Book (Qur’aan)” and “Whoever performs a prayer in which he doesn’t recite the opening chapter of the Book, then it is deficient, deficient, deficient, and not complete.”
This means that the prayer is defective. So whoever finishes his prayer while it is deficient, then he in fact didn’t pray at all. And his prayer at this point becomes invalid, as is apparent in the first hadeeth.
So if this reality becomes clear to us, we must therefore feel secure with the ahaadeeth that come to us from the Prophet, which are reported in the books of Sunnah, firstly, and with their authentic chains of narration, secondly. And we must have no doubts or uncertainties about them due to some philosophical approach to the ahaadeeth, which we hear about in current times, such as:
“We only accept the ahaad ahaadeeth on issues regarding rulings, and not for issues regarding creed. This is since matters of creed cannot be established based on ahaad ahaadeeth.” [2]
This is what they claim! Yet we know for a fact that the Prophet (sallAllaahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) sent Mu’aadh (radyAllaahu ‘anhu) to call the People of the Scripture to believe in Tawheed, and he was just one individual.
This brief discussion is sufficient with regard to this topic that I wanted to clarify, which is related to: How are we obligated to interpret the Noble Qur’aan?
May Allaah send His Peace and Blessings on our Prophet, Muhammad, his family, Companions and those who follow them in goodness until the Day of Recompense, and all praise is for Allaah, Lord of all that exists.
——————————————————————————–
Footnotes:
[1] A Mutawaatir hadeeth is a narration that has been reported by a group of people that is so large that it is impossible to conceive that they conspired to lie regarding it.
[2] An Ahaad hadeeth is a narration reported by just one narrator. It is the opposite of Mutawaatir. A Mutawaatir hadeeth is a narration that has been reported by a group of people that is so large that it is impossible to conceive that they conspired to lie regarding it.Adelaide Translation » Brisbane Translation Services
Brisbane Translation Services
Get certified translation services in Brisbane.
We have expert linguists for translating all types of documents, including legal and business documents, marketing and technical brochures, as well as personal and migration documents.
Everything can be done online - order your document translations using the form on this page.
Brisbane Certified Translation Services
AboutCape & happy home.
The Cape and Islands delegation handed out the awards to caregivers and participants from the ARC of Cape Cod, Cape Abilities, Community Connections, Community Systems, Inc., Habilitation Assistance Corporation,
Kennedy Donovan Center, Latham Centers, Inc., LIFE, Inc., May Institute, Nonotuck Resources, Seven Hills Community Services and Transition Centers.
The Joseph Sattler, Jr. Recognition Award Recipient was Jim Hurley, Founder of Cape Cod CAN which provides the arts to the disabled. Jim has led the organization into a high functioning non-profit group, putting on
stage shows, art shows, selling art in the Heart shanties and organizing several Flash Mobs and a “Pet Project”
Artwork from many of the individuals was displayed during the breakfast and the artist Caroline Brescia was honored with the cover of this years program.
School Name: Vicente Paz
Quinara is about 45 kilometers south of Vilcabamba and is similar to Vilcabamba with businesses and residential communities. It has a more modern-type Elementary school and has several buildings and classrooms, a large concrete playground and assembly area with basketball and soccer goals. ACF has contributed 5 computer systems to the school in past years. Due to lack of funding, the school was forced to drop its computer teacher and internet service.
ACF provided the school with a much-needed water filtration system when it was found that the children had bad bacteria in their bodies from the river water which is their source of drinking water during a local health examination.
Equipment and Supplies Provided by the ACF:
- 5 Computer with Monitor, keyboard & mouse
- A Printer
- A Digital Video Projector
- 1 Laptop ComputerTurning vegetables into "rice" is all the rage these days and I, personally, love it. I think the trend started with cauliflower which is an amazingly versatile vegetable and also one of my favorites. But, as it turns out, most firm vegetables can be turned into rice and the technique is ideal for keeping meals lower in calories and carbs and high in nutrition.
I've turned beets, sweet potatoes and parsnips into rice and all did great. But butternut squash is my seasonal love. It's a winter squash that's sweet and loaded with nutrients and I probably eat my way through massive amounts of it in the fall. So it's only natural to put it to the rice test as well. Because it's a firm vegetable, it rices very easily. And the smaller shapes help it to cook up quickly.
Dispatching a large butternut squash can seem like a daunting task but once you get the hang of it, the process moves quickly and easily. A vegetable peeler and sharp knife are the two main tools needed to make the task easy. If it still seems too arduous, you can also buy the pre-cut squash that's now available in most large markets. The pieces are usually the perfect size to throw into the food processor without needing to do any peeling or chopping.
This recipe is also a one skillet dish so there's less clean up, always a favorite concept of mine. I prep the squash while the onions saute and then some quick stirring and seasoning results in a tasty and healthy side dish.
What You'll Need
How to Make It
Add the olive oil and diced onion to a large skillet. Saute over medium low heat for a few minutes, until the onions become translucent.
Peel the butternut squash and cut in half with a sharp knife. Scoop out the seeds with a spoon and then cut the squash into small chunks. Working in batches, add a few of the chunks to a food processor and pulse a few times until you get a rice-like size and consistency.
Add the riced butternut squash to the pan with the onion and continue sauteing for a few minutes until the squash softens a bit but doesn't become mushy.
Season with the garlic powder, cumin, salt and pepper. Stir in the parsley and top with the slivered almonds.Leading Change, by John KotterEminently readable book on the challenge of change. A little dated. And no index?!!
This is an eminently readable book on the the challenge of effecting meaningful and lasting change. According to the author, the path to successful and lasting change is laden with (at least) eight pitfalls, each of which forms a chapter in the book. A ton of common sense pervades the book. For my money, the most enlightening piece is in Chapter 10, on culture (more on that later).
However, there are two shortcomings with the book. The first is that it lacks a detailed case study, with specifics, that would make the problem vivid and real. The abundance of anonymized examples do not really help beyond a point. We know they are all based on the author's experiences with real companies, but by making them anonymous we are robbed of the precious insight that reality can provide. They are too short and focused on illustrating the immediate point in question to be of much help. The second is that when reading this book in 2010, the lack of any references to the world of information technology hurts the contemporariness of the book. IBM's change under Lou Gerstner, Microsoft's change to embrace the Internet, Microsoft's subsequent failure in the search business, or the rise of social networking and how established software companies were unable to change to embrace these changes - all examples of successful change or failure to change, and at large, successful corporations. Among all industries, the world of information technology has probably seen the most change over the last two decades. Not having any examples from this industry, to my mind, lessens the impact of this book, in the year 2010.
This book is about "leading" change, not "managing" it. The author makes clear this is by design and not accident.
"At the beginning, those who attempt to create major change with simple, linear, analytical processes almost always fail.One of the key points that the author makes is that change has to be communicated often and to the lowest level of a company, and that enough important people of the company are on board with the change. That the naysayers, the skeptics, the cynics, the saboteurs are all out to undo any change that may be effected is not in doubt. The author argues that they need to be engaged with. This is a message that the author repeats in his new book, Buy-In: Saving Your Good Idea from Getting Shot Down
...
Q: So why would an intelligent person rely too much on simple, linear, analytical processes?
A: Because he or she has been taught to manage but not to lead.
...
Management is a set of processes that can keep a complicated system of people and technology running smoothly. ... Leadership is a set of processes that creates organizations in the first place or adapts them to significantly changing circumstances.
[page 25] persist over time even when group membership changes.
...
Generally, shared values, which are less apparent but more deeply ingrained in the culture, are more difficult to change than norms of behavior.
...
Consultants, industrial salespeople, and others who regularly see firms up close without being employees know well how much culture operates outside of people's awareness, even rather visibly unusual aspects of a culture. [page 148]
You can almost hear the future echoes from Jim Collin's book, How The Mighty Fall: And Why Some Companies Never Give In
"Success creates some degree of market dominance, which in turn produces much growth. After a while, keeping the ever-larger organization under control becomes the primary challenge. So attention turns inward, and managerial competencies are nurtured. With a strong emphasis on management but not leadership, bureaucracy and an inward focus takes over." [page 27]I would say that this book should not be read in isolation. There are several other books that should be read along with this excellent work by Prof John Kotter. I have railed against the brevity of Jim Collin's latest book, How The Mighty Fall: And Why Some Companies Never Give In
Long and detailed pronouncements not only can feel like straitjackets but can soon become obsolete in a rapidly changing world. At the same time, visions that need constant readjustments lose their credibility. [page 76]The eight errors committed when leading change are:
Error #1: Allowing Too Much ComplacencyAnd yes, this book has no index. A Harvard Business School title (Leading Change (Hardcover)), and it has no index. That's not change I care for.
Error #2: Failing to create a sufficiently powerful guiding coalition
Error #3: Underestimating the power of vision
Error #4: Undercommunicating the vision by a factor or 10 (or 100 or even 1,000)
Error #5: Permitting obstacles to block the new vision
Error #6: Failing to create the short-term wins
Error #7: Declaring victory too soon
Error #8: Neglecting to anchor changes firmly in the corporate culture
- Leading Change
- My blog post of Buy-In
- Buy-In: Saving Your Good Idea from Getting Shot Down
- A Sense of Urgency
- Our Iceberg Is Melting: Changing and Succeeding Under Any Conditions
- How The Mighty Fall: And Why Some Companies Never Give In
- Buy Leading Changes from Flipkart.com
- Buy Buy-In: Saving Your Good Idea From Getting Shot Down from Flipkart.com
- Buy How The Mighty Fall: And Why Some Companies Never Give In from Flipkart.comCan you believe it's New Year's Eve?! Being the total last minute girl I am, I'm still figuring out my plans for tonight, but for those of you planning on going out I wanted to give you some outfit inspiration.
In my book, you can never go wrong with an LBD (little black dress), but since it's NYE I thought some sparkle was necessary too. It's practically mandatory right?! These heels are my prized possessions! Since I'm totally into all things glam and sparkly I'm sure you can understand why!!
While you could just stick with an LBD and sparkly shoes, I went a step further and added a cozy blanket scarf. The weather has been cold lately so I wanted a layer to put on that was stylish without covering up most of the dress. Then I went for more texture and chose to pair my black fur clutch with the look!
Dress (under $14) | Clutch | Necklace | Blanket Scarf | Heels, similar here and here | Gold Bracelet | Rhinestone Bangle | Silver Bangle | Thin Silver Ring | Statement Ring via Rocksbox, get one month free with code Beautybykendalllynnxoxo
Thanks for reading! Happy New Year! Yay for 2016!!!
xoxo Kendall
Beautiful is a woman who has a distinctive personality, one who can laugh at anything, including themselves, who is especially kind and caring to others. She is totally different from others. Beauty DefinitionIn the Cliff’s Edge
Yesterday, me, I was expecting for this kind of news to welcome me in morning.
I am in the verge of quitting not because I don’t want my job. For the record, I love my current job very much that if I were asked to come on Saturdays, I never say no. I like to give up instead of losing it.
I am not a quitter. It’s the action that I hate the most. Even if I know I only have a small chance of winning, I always take the risk.
And today, I am given another opportunity. I am going to push myself to the edge to embrace a new challenge. I need to do to give a little spark in this gloomy path that I am currently heading. There is nobody else who could push me forward but me.
I am not a quitter and I’ll never be.
2 thoughts on “In the Cliff’s Edge”
September 24, 2008 at 9:01 AM
Yay, good thing my client haven’t been around most of the time, much more than my absences.
September 24, 2008 at 10:31 AM
yeah, lucky enough for you 🙂
so far, the heat have calmed down and were back to the start.
need to give in much more this time. i’m just not that good in the color scheming hehe…We outline six pension developments affecting British expatriates today, from State Pension payments post-Brexit to tax-efficient transfer opportunities for private pensions.
1. State Pension increases should continue post-Brexit
Reassuringly, the UK government pledged to continue yearly cost-of-living increases in State Pension payments to expatriates in the EU. Increases will track whichever is highest – the rate of inflation, earnings or 2.5% – until at least 2022. See more about Britain's Brexit pledges
2. ‘Final salary’ pension providers are at risk
Employers offering these ‘gold-plated’ pensions guarantee an inflation-linked income throughout retirement. But many companies today are struggling to afford promised lifetime benefits. Like BHS, companies with significant shortfalls can collapse – so could their pension schemes.
The government’s Pension Protection Fund offers a safety net, compensating up to £34,655 a year at age 65. If your pension benefits are worth more, consider transferring.
3. ‘Transfer values’ have never been higher
To save costs, many final salary pension providers are offering members high pay-outs in exchange for giving up future benefits. Today, some transfer values are 30-40 times the annual pension payment due – often hundreds of thousands of pounds. Properly managed, such sums can potentially provide a retirement income that well exceeds the original annual payment. But take care to understand the long-term implications of giving up a guaranteed pension for life. Six questions to consider before transferring a 'gold plated' pension
4. Expatriates have tax-efficient and flexible options
You could potentially unlock tax benefits by reinvesting UK pension funds into compliant arrangements for your country of residence, or by transferring to a Qualifying Recognised Overseas Pension Scheme (QROPS). Doing this can also offer multi-currency options that help insulate pension income from volatility in the Pound and Euro. You could find more estate planning flexibility too, including choosing who inherits your pension wealth beyond your spouse. Take guidance to establish what might work for you.
5. A lower pension allowance could catch you out
UK pension benefits (excluding the State Pension) totalling over £1 million breach the lifetime pension allowance. Anything over this triggers 55% UK taxation when taken as cash, 25% for income or transfers, regardless of residency. Those near the limit should consider HMRC ‘protection’ options or transferring to minimise tax penalties. Find out how to avoid the lifetime allowance trap
6. Regulated advice is essential
Transferring is not suitable for everyone, especially from final salary pensions, where you are forfeiting a ‘gold-plated’ income for life. In any case, to avoid pension scams it is essential to employ due diligence and use a regulated provider. For benefits worth over £30,000, the Financial Conduct Authority makes this compulsory, but this is prudent for anyone considering their pension options.
If you decide to transfer, now may be the time to act as today’s high transfer values and tax-efficient opportunities may be short-lived. Take personalised, professional advice to ensure you do what is best for your financial security.
See more about your pension options
Summarised tax information is based upon our understanding of current laws and practices which may change. Individuals should seek personalised advice.Onyekachi Ubani is the second vice president of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) and the welfare committee chairman of the association. In this interview, he suggests that to overcome the many teething challenges with the adoption and implementation of the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA) by states of the federation, aspects of the law could be adopted one after another.
There is the suggestion that the high number of death row prison inmates is because governors are either not signing their execution or exercising the prerogative of mercy?
There is no law presently because they have not amended the law to read that if one is convicted to capital offence they should not be executed. If one is convicted for murder, armed robbery or treason, it is capital punishment. Our laws have not been amended. So, in the absence of any amendment, the governors are not in liberty not to execute those that the court has actually sentenced to death as a means of decongesting the prisons.
So, it is better to obey what the law says rather than disobeying the laws of the land. So, I am totally in support of doing what the laws says. If the law says execute, you execute. If the law says commute, you commute. For now, it is the execution. So, the governors must carry that out or they should seek for an amendment of the law in order to escape carrying out the responsibility with regards to death sentence.
As being contended, is Nigeria’s criminal justice system skewed against the poor?
The truth is that it is because the poor do not have the resources to hire the best lawyers. Even where they receive the pro bono services and others yet they don’t get the best in terms of defence. So, most times they have issues of being victims of the system. If it is issue of bail, they are given impossible conditions they cannot even fulfil.
Then you find that in the criminal justice system, when it is cases involving ‘lesser beings’ it becomes smooth and within a short possible time, judgment is given. But when it involves the very top shots in Nigeria, I think that we usually apply different systems of law and before you know it, the status of the case is lost on all of us. You don’t even know how it has gone or whether judgment has been delivered.
So, we need to reform the system and ensure that our laws apply both to the rich and the poor. The same alacrity and efficiency that the state employs in trying a top person should be the same employed to try the poor. And I am happy with the current reforms by the CJN giving marching others to the heads of the judiciary to ensure that adequate attention is given to corruption cases. The NJC has been trying to ensure that judges live up to expectations to deliver timely judgments. So, there must be concerted efforts by all stakeholders.
How do you think the Nigeria Bar Association (NBA) will implement its plan to have 28 more states adopt the Administration of Criminal Justice Act (ACJA)?
The Administration of Criminal Justice Act was enacted in 2015 at the federal level. Before then, states like Lagos have already enacted theirs in 2011. Other states like Anambra, Enugu and few others have actually adopted theirs in various forms. We have 28 states that have not complied with that reform. This reform in the criminal justice system is very important for the development of this country with regards to our criminal justice sector.
We have had issues of unnecessary delays in criminal trials especially, involving politically exposed peoples for eight years on preliminary matters, not even the substantive issues. So, we must reform our criminal justice system and every state must key into this arrangement. That some states have not actually keyed in is one of the issues that is bothering the NBA. The NBA in conjunction with the MacArthur Foundation is trying to ensure that all the states of the federation must adopt the criminal justice system.
And I am very happy to report that most of the states that came said they are already working on that law and are being helped to put it in place. Now they are not saying they should copy everything the Federal Government has enacted. They need to actually make sure that their law has some peculiarities on whatsoever is prevalent in their own states. You adopt, include those peculiarities and correct the defects you have observed before the enactment of the law. That is actually the message that the NBA seminar had to drive home. Those states that were not yet complying were all there and they made promises of adopting the law.
The states are yet to grant financial autonomy to the judiciary, how do you see them running this capital-intensive system with electronic recordings, community service etc?
It is the political will to carry out these things. You may not actually address all the problems at the same time. Even the states that adopted the law came and gave account of some of the teething problems they are facing in the implementation of the law. You have the issue of finance, basic infrastructure; even the police not complying with the law itself.
So, the point is that those problems are still there and may not go away. Those problems should not in any way hinder the adoption in the first place. Let’s even adopt and then begin to address some of the teething problems one after the other; you may not solve those problems at the same time. But if we begin to use those teething problems as an excuse not to adopt the law then we have not made any progress at all.
Culled: dailytrustSometime after 3:00, the door opened and the boy wrestled something too big onto the porch. A French Horn!
Not only have they given him this thing, but they’ve taught him how to make a noise like music with it. Life will not be the same around here. It turns out that the instrument is so unpopular that the nation’s oldest public school waives the rental fee for it. That’s why he got it! His cheap old man didn’t want to pay a rental fee!!
More seriously, I’m happy that he will continue to do something else that the Parent Imperfect never did…learn a musical instrument. I think he’s excited about learning something new. I’m sad, though, that he’s letting go of the guitar for a while.
Speaking of music, Connie had her piano lesson today. It’s all too perfect, right? French Horn and piano. She came out of her lesson much more excited than usual with the piece that her teacher had given her for the Halloween recital. Ordinarily, she leaves her lesson very frustrated because Mrs. R wasn’t satisfied with the amount she practiced during the week.
I did some errands while Connie was with Mrs. R, including my almost daily trip to the Sedgewick Branch of the Boston Public Library. There I ran into the father of another 7th grader at V’s school. When I asked how his son was doing, he said “he’s having a little trouble getting organized and keeping his homework straight. This was the first real week, so we’ll see what happens.” I smiled tensely, not daring to say that I actually think Vince is doing OK so far. Blissful ignorance on my part, for sure.
I spent a lot of time today working on the big proposal that has been hanging over my head. After finishing it, I called the potential client to talk about it, and then strange things happened. I left a message for him to call me back on my cell phone, and then promptly lost the cell phone in the Arboretum. Thanks to a very nice guy named Jay from Boston Drain, I had my phone back by the end of the day, but I hadn’t made the deadline for getting in the proposal. Something in me is resisting the “breakthrough” proposal that will have me travelling a lot between now and January.M.O.P. Will Read To Your Kids! [Video]
There is a great moment in Katt Williams stand-up The Pimp Chronicles where he chastises some Black men for being hardcore 24/7.
You angry at breakfast? You gang-bangin on bacon?? The truth is no one can be hardcore all the time, even the most intense MCs on the planet. You have to know when to calm down!
So for the inaugural episode of TheUrbandaily.com’s “Gangster’s Fairytale,” they found the most hard core composers alive, two of Brooklyn’s Finest, M.O.P., to read the classic bedtime story, Goodnight Moon.Welcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
- Lakota peoples
- arrow, 1861–1889
- Where object was made: Fort Yates, Dakota Territory (present-day North Dakota), United States
- iron, wood, sinew, eagle feathers, pigment
- Object Length: shortest is 58 cm
Object Length: shortest is 22 13/16 in
Object Length: longest is 66 cm
Object Length: longest is 26 3/8 in
- Gift of H. Greissinger
- Not on display
- 2007.1189.02
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Description
This is one of a set of 18 wooden arrows.
2007.1189.2-7 are similar with dark feather fletching, bound with sinew, and with a wavy line incised down the shaft.Commercial Real Estate Attorney
Our Austin law firm advises real estate investors, property owners, small business owners with commercial leases, property management companies, architects and engineers, construction companies, and landlord tenant issues. A commercial real estate lawyer in Texas can protect your rights in real estate contracts and commercial leases, construction contracts or construction litigation, formation of real estate trust funds and other real estate vehicles, and business contracts for real estate investment companies and property management companies.
Buying or Selling Real Estate in Texas
If you are investing in real estate, or buying and selling real estate in Texas, consult with a Texas real estate lawyer to optimize your tax results, to structure real estate trust funds and other real estate vehicles for asset protection, to maximize return on investment, and to negotiate your real estate contract agreement to protect your interests.
• Real estate investment trusts & other asset protection real estate vehicles
• Drafting and negotiating your real estate contract agreement
• Advising real estate titles, easements, environmental issues & zoning
• Real estate litigation, dispute resolution, and settlements
Texas Commercial Lease Attorney
Commercial lease negotiation is critical for small business owners with a commercial lease, commercial real estate property owners, and property management companies. Our business law firm provides commercial real estate lawyer services and regularly reviews and advises commercial lease negotiation for our clients. Contact our law firm today to get a commercial real estate lawyer in Texas to review your commercial lease.
Property Management & Landlord Tenant Law
Our Austin law firm also provides property management attorney services, and regularly counsels landlords and tenants in landlord-tenant disputes.
• Property Management Contracts, Service & Concierge Agreements, Leases
• Landlord tenant litigation and security deposit refundsCaller was a woman with a heavy East Indian accent. Said she was calling from "Simple.net" a new Internet Service provider. I told her I wasn't interested in changing and hung up. I tried to call the number back to find out who it was and the first two times I only got dead silence like a dead line, the third time I got "This number has been disconnected or is no longer in service" recording, like from the phone company. Although I'm suspicous that they've hijacked that message as well and it's not actually the phone company.
No sooner did I hang up from that recording did my phone ring again. This time no one was on the other end. Dead line like when I tried to call the number back.
I've seen other postings online that this same number comes up with people trying to sell everything from prescription medications to AT&T services. I don't know who they are, but seeing as I've been on the National Do Not Call list as well as my State's Do Not Call list ever since I moved to this state and was assigned my number, but ONLY started getting telemarketing and bogus collection calls since I switched from an Analog Phone provider to a PCS/Digital Provider...I somehow think it's connected in some way.
I've called my phone provider, but they insist they do not sell phone numbers of customers, but I don't see why it only started as soon as I switched.
Coincedence? I doubt it.
1 CommentsScore from 685 reviews
from 135,0 USD – Apartment
from 138,0 USD – Hotel
from 127,5 USD – Apartment
from 135,0 USD – Hotel
from 225,0 USD – Apartment
from 100,8 USD – Apartment
from 70,0 USD – Apartment
Apartment
0.01 km
14 Lavontin Street 33303, Haifa
0.19 km
Ashkelon St. 1 3304143, Haifa
0.19 km
27 Ha-Nevi'im Street 3310406, Haifa
0.24 km
9 Yona Street 3310421, Haifa
* Distances are measured as a straight line, calculated from a starting point to a destination point
All bookings are confirmed instantly. No waiting, no email exchanges, no confusion..
Rooms: 8.
Refrigerator, Stovetop, Kitchenette, Kitchenware, Electric kettle, Dining area, Microwave
Shower, Toilet, Bathroom
Cleaning products, Wardrobe/Closet, Seating Area, Sofa, Heating, Private entrance, Desk, Air conditioning
DVD Player, Cable Channels, Flat-screen TV
Towels, Linen
Landmark view, Sea view, City view
This air-conditioned studio features:
- a seating area with a flat-screen cable TV
- a kitchenette
- a bathroom with shower
Outdoor dining area, Stovetop, Microwave, Electric kettle, Kitchenette, Kitchenware, Dining table, Refrigerator, Dining area, Outdoor furniture
Free toiletries, Hairdryer, Toilet, Bathroom, Shower
Air conditioning, Private entrance, Desk, Heating, Wardrobe/Closet, Cleaning products, Sofa, Seating Area
Flat-screen TV, Satellite Channels, Cable Channels, DVD Player
Linen, Towels
City view, Sea view, Landmark view
Upper floors accessible by stairs only
This family room has a microwave, DVD player and air conditioning.
Stovetop, Electric kettle, Kitchenette, Microwave, Kitchenware, Refrigerator, Dining area
Bathroom, Shower, Toilet
Private entrance, Sofa, Air conditioning, Seating Area, Wardrobe/Closet, Desk, Cleaning products, Heating
DVD Player, Cable Channels, Flat-screen TV
Linen, Towels
Sea view, Landmark view, City view
This family room features a DVD player, electric kettle and kitchenette.
Refrigerator, Electric kettle, Dining area, Stovetop, Microwave, Kitchenette, Kitchenware
Shower, Toilet, Bathroom
Heating, Private entrance, Desk, Air conditioning, Wardrobe/Closet, Cleaning products, Seating Area, Sofa
DVD Player, Flat-screen TV, Cable Channels
Linen, Towels
Landmark view, Sea view, City view
This double room features a sofa, electric kettle and microwave.
After booking, all of the hotel’s details, including telephone and email address, are provided in the online booking confirmation, confirmation email.
WiFi available in all areas
Hiking
Breakfast in the room, Bottle of water, Chocolate or cookies, Wine/champagne, Breakfast options, Room service, Fruits
Airport shuttle, Street parking, Airport shuttle (additional charge)
Currency exchange, Private check-in/check-out, Safety deposit box, Express check-in/check-out
Outdoor furniture, Terrace
Trouser press, Laundry, Daily maid service, Ironing service
Mini-market on site
Non-smoking throughout, Air conditioning, Heating, Non-smoking rooms, Family rooms
Free WiFi! WiFi is available in all areas and is free of charge.
No parking available.
From 15:00 Until 23:00 hours
From 08:00 Until 13:00 hours
All children are welcome.
One further child under 3 years is charged USDDry It - You'll Like It
Gen MacManiman -
AbeBooks Seller Since April 11, 1998Quantity Available: 1
AbeBooks Seller Since April 11, 1998Quantity Available: 1
About this Item
Bibliographic Details
Title: Dry It - You'll Like It
Publisher: Living Foods Dehydrators, Publishers -
Publication Date: 1974!
Here’s what you’ll get in The Mac Photo Bundle (Note: Regular pricing for each app is parentheses):
- PhotoStyler ($30): This simple, fast and accurate native solution combines the powers of Apple’s’re getting all 5 of these photo-enhancing apps at a fraction of the retail price. So pick it up while you can – and make your photos stand out like never before!Latest Stories in Clean Water - Page
-
Groundwater
Who Cares About The Environment, Give Me Clean Dishes!
Two years ago, when Washington State banned phosphates in dishwasher detergent (the last detergent or soap that still had it), our post was deluged with comments complaining how the new
Sewage
Fertilizer Runoff Linked to Developmental and Reproductive Toxicity
Natural human optimism leads one to hope that hazardous chemicals wastes discarded by humans are broken down in the natural environment, until they are once again harmless. When scientists concern
Submarine Communication Cables Called Upon for Climate Change Research
John Yuzhu You, a scientists at Sydney University, has called upon telecommunications companies to do something extraordinarily helpful -- let scientists use their undersea cables for oceanic climate change
SuperFourth Quarter Revenue Up 37.9% EBITDA Up 19% MISSISSAUGA, ON, March 7 /CNW/ - Cargojet Income Fund (the "Fund") TSX: CJT.UN) announces financial results for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2007. For the Fourth Quarter Ended December 31, 2007: ----------------------------------------------- - Revenues increased by 37.9% to $48.4 million from $35.1 million for the comparable period in 2006; - EBITDA increased by 19.0% to $6.9 million from the comparable period in 2006, an increase of $1.1 million; - Total cash distributions were $2.6 million, or $0.2892 per trust unit, representing a payout ratio of 61% For the Year Ended December 31, 2007: ------------------------------------- - Revenues increased by 12.8% to $151.1 million from $134.0 million for the comparable period in 2006; - EBITDA increased by 12.5% to $21.6 million from the comparable period in 2006, an increase of $2.4 million; - Total cash distributions were $10.3 million, or $1.1549 per trust unit, representing a payout ratio of 72% "These strong financial results demonstrate Cargojet's ongoing commitment to profitable revenue growth while delivering the most reliable and value added air cargo service in Canada. This marks another quarter of strong year over year revenue and operating margin increases, and is a testament to the dedication and commitment of each member of the Cargojet team," says Ajay Virmani, President and CEO of the Fund. "We have remained focused on being the best overnight air cargo service provider in North America by consistently delivering our customers with a reliable and cost effective solution to their time sensitive cargo needs," adds Virmani. The Fund's 2007 Audited Consolidated Year End Financial Statements, Fourth Quarter results and Management's Discussion and Analysis ("MD&A") have been released to the Fund's website at and have also been filed with SEDAR. Management will host a conference call on Friday March 7, 2008 at 2:30 pm Eastern time to review the release of the 2007 Fourth Quarter and Year End results. Cargojet is Canada's leading provider of time sensitive overnight air cargo services. Cargojet operates its network across North America, transporting over 840,000 pounds of time sensitive air cargo each business night, utilizing a fleet of twenty-two. %SEDAR: 00022068E
For further information:
For further information: Pauline Dhillon, VP Marketing, Public and Government Relations at (905) 501-7373 ext 135 or at pdhillon@cargojet.com
Cargo2nd Annual Conference on Medicine and Religion, University of Chicago
May 28, 2013 – May 30, 2013Welcome to the Spencer Collection
Results: 1
- View: Detail
-
-
- Open page with bookmarkable url
- Multimedia
- Description
This is a bamboo flute with six fingerholes. It is decorated with bands of burning and bands of small triangles rubbed with red and larger triangles rubbed with black. It has a band of red triangles and lines between the mouthpiece and the first fingerhole.Controversial tax breaks for Mass. projects
Globe Staff/Mark Wilson; Due to incorrect information provided, the original version had the incorrect amount of local taxe breaks
Related
Diman Coin Laundry
Location: New Bedford
Tax breaks: $9,000 in state and local taxes
Diman Coin Laundry received a 5-year tax break for its expansion in New Bedford in 2005. The company promised to create two full-time jobs and invest $100,000 in the site, potentially qualifying it for $5,000 in state tax breaks. The company also said it saved more than $4,000 in local taxes. Critics say it generally doesn't make sense to subsidize laundromats because they compete with existing businesses, don't create many high-paying jobs, and likely would open in the area anyway.Police are seeking help to identify whoever stole items from the National Agricultural Center and Hall of Fame’s collection.
Bonner Springs police Say that thieves broke into the center on Sept. 10 and November 5. Stolen items include an antique coin collection valued at $25,000, mantel clocks and cast iron agricultural models. Center officials say a pair of laptop computers was taken in the September break-in.
The 160-acre facility has separate museums and many exhibits that give an extensive history of farming and agriculture.
No suspects have been identified. Police are asking the public to call with information related to the thefts.
___
Associated Press Information from: The Kansas City Star[Roy Shilkrot] and his fellow researchers at the MIT Media Lab have developed the FingerReader, a wearable device that aids in reading text. Worn on the index finger, it receives input from print or digital text and outputs spoken words – and it does this on-the-go. The FingerReader consists of a camera and sensors that detect the text. A series of algorithms the researchers created are used along with character recognition software to create the resulting audio feedback.
There is a lot of haptic feedback built into the FingerReader. It was designed with the visually impaired as the primary user for times when Braille is not practical or simply unavailable. The FingerReader requires the wearer to make physical contact with the tip of their index finger on the print or digital screen, tracing the line. As the user does so, the FingerReader is busy calculating where lines of text begin and end, taking pictures of the words being traced, and converting it to text and then to spoken word. As the user reaches the end of a line of text or begins a new line, it vibrates to let them know. If a user’s finger begins to stray, the FingerReader can vibrate from different areas using two motors along with an audible tone to alert them and help them find their place.
The current prototype needs to be connected to a laptop, but the researchers are hoping to create a version that only needs a smartphone or tablet. The videos below show a demo of the FingerReader. For a proof-of-concept, we are very impressed. The FingerReader reads text of various fonts and sizes without a problem. While the project was designed primarily for the blind or visually impaired, the researchers acknowledge that it could be a great help to people with reading disabilities or as a learning aid for English. It could make a great on-the-go translator, too. We hope that [Roy] and his team continue working on the FingerReader. Along with the Lorm Glove, it has the potential to make a difference in many people’s lives. Considering our own lousy eyesight and family’s medical history, we’ll probably need wearable tech like this in thirty years!
Continue reading “Trace Your Book or Kindle with the FingerReader”Selective Decode-Forward Cooperative Communication over Nakagami-m Fading Channel with Channel Estimation Error
Abstract
Keywords
References
K. R. Liu, Cooperative Communications and Networking. Cambridge,U.K.: Cambridge Univ. Press, 2009.
Nosratinia, T. E. Hunter and A. Hedayat, "Cooperative communication in wireless networks," in IEEE Communications Magazine, vol. 42, no. 10, pp. 74- 80, Oct. 2004.
J. N. Lineman, D. N. Tse, and G. W. Wornell, “Cooperative diversity in wireless networks: Efficient protocols, and outage behavior,” IEEE Trans. Inf. Theory, vol. 50, no. 12, pp. 3062– 3080, Dec. 2004.
Andreas F. Molisch, "Multiantenna Systems," in Wireless Communications,1,Wiley-IEEE Press, 2011, pp.445-498 Do:10.1002/9781119992806.ch20.
Andreas F. Molisch, "Relaying, MultiHop, and Cooperative Communications," in Wireless Communications , 1, Wiley- IEEE Press, 2011,pp.521-563doi: 10.1002/9781119992806.ch22.
M. Grant, S. Boyd, and Y.Ye, CVX: MATLAB Software for Disciplined Convex Programming.h Austin, TX USA: CVX Research, Inc., 2008.
S. P. Boyd and L. Vandenberghe, Convex Optimization. Cambridge, U.K.: Cambridge Univ. Press, 2004).
Yılmaz and O. Kucur, "Performance analyses of decode-andforward multi-hop relay network scenarios with multiple antenna techniques over Nakagami-m fading channels," in IET Communications, vol. 9, no. 13, pp. 1635-1642, 9 3 2015.doi:10.1049/iet-com.2014.1187 .
Hen-Geul Yeh, Samet Yildiz, Ran Ren, "4×1 Space-time MIMOOFDM parallel cancellation schemes for mitigating ICI", Systems Conference. 2016 Annual IEEE, pp. 1-6, 2016.
Refbacks
- There are currently no refbacks.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License.
ISSN: 2180-1843
eISSN: 2289-8131How to Sponsor this Ministry.
A thorough discussion of the role of physicians and pastors in psychotherapy and counseling from a Biblical perspective.
Matthew 26:39 NKJV
He went a little farther and fell on His face, and prayed, saying, "O My Father, if it is possible, let this cup pass from Me; nevertheless, not as I will, but as You will."
It struck me, the other day, that the ultimate sin -- the foundational mindset that causes us to sin -- is a matter of control. We sin because we want to control... to control our circumstances, to control those around us, to control our future. We win because we want some thing rather than being willing to let God and trust God to give us what He wants.?
Ask Angie: My husband and I are not on the same page when it comes to trust issues, today something came up that hit a button that really showed me how I don't trust him. He did something I felt went behind my back. When I found out about it, I was very upset. I felt he was being dishonest with me and I then realized why I don't trust him. See he is done these things most of our married life. When I comforted him I let him know that his behavior is what I don't trust. That this kind of behavior cannot go on. That is this kind of behavior that is the reason I don't trust him and that it is his job to restore my trust in him.Every January, the Wind Energy Department at DTU carry out a 3-week course in wind farm planning and development. The course covers all aspects of wind farm development, including wind resource and energy yield assessments, wind farm design, environmental impact assessment, grid connection, wind farm economics – as well as market, policy, support mechanisms and public acceptance issues.
Another WAsP tool – WAsP Engineering – is further used for estimation of the extreme wind climate and turbulence intensity in the wind farm – which determines the choice of wind turbine generator. If the wind farm is offshore, the students can also employ the Fuga wake model for estimation of the wind farm wake losses; if the wind farm is in complex terrain, it may be investigated using WAsP-CFD.Tenders, 6/5/2017
Tender Notice: Consultancy services for the implementation of the Phase two of the Programme for Agro Business Induced Growth in the Amhara National Regional State, Ethiopia (AgroBIG II) [supplement]
The Tender must be received by the Ministry no later than the 14th of July 2017 at 4.15 pm Eastern European Time (EET, GMT +3)
Tender documents and more information:
Note! The tender has been supplemented with a Questions and Answers attachment on 13 June 2017.
Note! The tender notice has been supplemented with the second round Questions and Answers attachment on 28 June 2017.
Updated 6/28/2017Call (631) 864-3613 to get this deal
Services
- Landscape & Yard
- Tree & Shrub
- Landscaping
Reviews
Have you worked with Castor Lawn and Tree Care? Share your experience and help your neighbors hire great contractors. Leave a review.
Share Profile
Quick Facts
- Licensed
- Free Estimates
- 8Years in BusinessShare france lyonnais clipart with you friends!
On this page you can download free france lyonnais clipart. The clip art is classified as flags clip art. France lyonnais clipart added 30 January 2013. This clipart viewed 225 times and downloaded 2 times. Also you can find similar clipart images via tags: Flags, Europe, France, Lyonnais. If you like this clip art, share them with you friends!
Share france lyonnais clipart with you friends!
FranceDownloads: 3 / Added: Jan 30, 2013
FranceDownloads: 3 / Added: Jan 30, 2013
FranceDownloads: 2 / Added: Sep 28, 2013
France LyonnaisDownloads: 0 / Added: Mar 18, 2014
EuropeDownloads: 0 / Added: Mar 19, 2014
FranceDownloads: 0 / Added: Aug 24, 2014Search results for
Biochemical pharmacology
Biochemical pharmacology uses the methods of biochemistry, biophysics, molecular biology, structural biology, cell biology, and cell physiology to define the mechanisms of drug action and how drugs influence the organism by studies on intact animals, organs, cells, subcellular compartments and individual protein molecules. The biochemical pharmacologist also uses drugs as probes to discover new information about biosynthetic and cell signalling pathways and their kinetics, and investigates how drugs can correct the biochemical abnormalities that are responsible for human illness, thus enabling the elucidation of pathophysiological mechanisms that pave the way for further drug discovery.
Related journals of Biochemical pharmacologySt. Patrick’s Day is just around the corner! You can embrace this day and help your child become culturally aware with a few St. Patrick’s Day activities. These projects allow your child to engage in learning while having fun. Can you think of anything better than spending quality time with your kids?
Have Fun Learning Together
Kids are like sponges. They soak up everything they see and hear. Unfortunately, real historic events are lost to our children these days. So, to help them understand the true meaning of why we celebrate St. Patrick’s Day, you can learn about this Saint together. Patrick: Patron Saint of Ireland is an excellent book for those 5 and up.
Then, you can introduce them to a fun story, The Night Before St. Patrick’s Day, which is a tale of two children who caught a leprechaun, and set out on an adventure to find his pot of gold. This is an excellent lead in activity for children to make their own leprechaun trap.
Craft Fun and Edible Projects
You can do so many fun crafts with your children. Three fun craft ideas are creating a Candy Art project, a St. Patrick’s Day Rainbow Pot, and of course, the leprechauns trap.
- The Rainbow Dust, Candy Sand, & Candy Art set is just like the sand art you played with as a kid, except it’s candy. My boys really enjoyed this candy. The rainbow dust comes in many fun colors and flavors. You can order the kits or just the individual flavors you want. Green apple and lemonade are great for St. Patrick’s Day.
- Be sure to have extras when your child makes their work of art. The St. Patrick’s Day Rainbow Pot is a cute craft for girls and boys. You just need construction paper, Fruit Loops, and Goldfish crackers to make a rainbow and a pot of gold. Afterwards, mix a bowl of fruit loops and goldfish for a cool snack for the kids.
- Pinterest is full of Leprechaun Trap ideas! This is a great activity to do after reading ‘The Night before St. Patrick’s Day’ book. There are great traps to make using Legos or old cardboard boxes. Your kids can create a leprechaun hotel and entice them with free gold coins. These are perfect to keep the kids entertained for hours and get their creative minds sparkling.
Help your kids understand the luck of the Irish and the luscious green grounds of Ireland. Your kids can start their first garden, indoors or outdoors, with the Garden Discovery Box from Green Kid Crafts. They have many other wondering craft kit ideas such as Dinosaurs, Mad Scientist, Planet Protector, Ocean, and Around the World kits.
Get Stylish!
Did you and the kids receive an invite to a St. Patrick’s Day party? If so, make sure you arrive in style! You can arrive with a cute personalized St. Patrick’s Day T-shirt from Zoey’s Attic Personalized Gifts. My boys were too cute in their coordinated adorable shamrock and pot of gold designed shirts.
I love the rainbow made of Fruit Loops and Goldfish crackers. What a fun craft for children, and best of all, it’s edible!
These are some great ideas! I love the rainbow craft :). Thanks for linking up at the MaMade Blog Hop! I hope you’re having a great weekend!
Michelle @ The MaMade Diaries recently posted…Social Media Sunday #30
Michelle,
Thanks. I am looking forward to the next blog hop.
Great ideas !!thanks for sharing.
Amy Qur recently posted…Colgate Optic White Toothbrush + Built-In Whitening Pen Review
Great ideas. Love the rainbow
Debbie Denny recently posted…I Want A Back Yard Makeover!
These are really cute ideas. My daughter is 4 but it’s the first year she is really understanding what St. P’s day is.
It is wonderful to help children learn with arts and crafts. By using more of their senses, the children are able to remember more and are more excited to learn.
Janeane Davis recently posted…Looking for a Job – Use All Your Networks
That’s great that you can take the opportunity to teach your kids the history behind the holiday and make it fun!
Christine Luken recently posted…Meal Planning Monday ~ Upcycle Your Leftovers
I love Green Kids Crafts! That box looks like the perfect one for us. My kid is a garden fanatic!
Wendy @ ABCs and Garden Peas recently posted…Mantry Subscription Boxes for the Seriously Fun Foodie
Love The Cheerios & Rainbow Ideas Thank You!
Lisa Jones recently posted…Enter The Petter Planner Giveaway!
I like all of these ideas – especially the pot of gold and the t-shirts. I see some arts and craft projects coming up around here!
Elizabeth Towns recently posted…Game of Love Book Tour; Love in Bloom Series; Book One
Love the rainbow, and those t-shirts are adorable!
Lois Alter Mark recently posted…win tickets to see “le week-end,” a smart film about long-term marriage
love the cereal craft, that is perfect for little ones!
Such a cute book – oh I wish they had this book 30 years ago – my daughter’s birthday is St. Patty’s Day – it would of been great to read to here the history of the day.
The Fruit Loop idea is so amazing! My kids would love to make that and probably want to eat it!
Amy Desrosiers recently posted…Make Ahead Meal: Grilled Chicken, Lettuce, Cheese and Honey Mustard Wraps
What great ideas for little ones! So cute!
Wendy recently posted…Daniel Briggs – Another Teen Suicide Story.
I love the Cheerios IDEA! Thanks for sharing!
LOVE LOVE LOVE the rainbow! That is so awesome! I’m afraid my kids would consider that “wasting food” and wouldn’t make it with me. Kill joys.
Karen @TheMissingNiche recently posted…NFL Concussions, Sports Injuries and A Pitch For Justice
Karen,
Awesome. I wish my kids were more food conscious. Maybe it is because we do crafts with food lol.
I LOVE that garden discovery box!! my littlest one would love crafting that with me!
That Cheerio and Goldfish craft is awesome! My niece would love that – if she didn’t eat them all first!
Stacey,
My boys tend to like to eat things as we make stuff too. I always have to purchase more than needed.
I love the gardening idea, what a great way to bring the holiday celebration outdoors.
Jessica Lieb (@bkeepsushonest) recently posted…Cleaning the High Chair
The cheerios rainbow looks like something that could take forever and could really get little ones occupied for a while! Love the kids pics with their cool matching shirts!
The Fruit Loop rainbow idea is awesome. My boys would love making those! Thanks for that, I think I am going to make some this weekend.
Robin,
I am glad you liked the idea.
I love those St. Patrick’s Day shirts! They’re just so cute!
Pam recently posted…Up All Night (or Why do My Kids Get Sick After hours?)
these are some awesome ideas for St. Patty’s Day! Thanks for sharing these!
Jennifer B recently posted…Excerpt: The Secret Rebellion by Martin Baggen
Such great ideas! I especially love the one where you suggest starting a garden with your kids.
Jen V recently posted…Project Life Scrapbooking – February 2014
The rainbow pot with the Fruit Loops and Goldfish crackers is really cute! Great ideas here.
So many great craft ideas. The fruit loop rainbow came out super cute.
Rebekah recently posted…In the Kitchen with J&G Steakhouse: Dream About Dinner, Power Up with Breakfast
Wow I love that rainbow goldfish idea!! That is too cute!
I love these ideas. Especially the fruit loops! My kids would love to do that. Thanks for sharing!
Jacqui Odell recently posted…The answer to all my vocabulary problems!BRIDGE week.
What I found most amusing – in the midst of the sadness of it all – is the claim that these people made: “Jesus hates Muslims.” Really? How do they know? Did he tell them? If this be true, that would indeed be news, for, Muslims love Jesus. One cannot be a Muslim without belief in and reverence for Jesus Christ..
Why would Jesus hate Muslims when we Muslims love him so very much? Why would Jesus hate Muslims if we Muslims claim him as one of our own? Why would Jesus hate me as a Muslim when I wrote this poem in his and his mother’s honor?.
Clearly, these people have no idea what is in our scripture and our faith about Jesus Christ and the Blessed Virgin. Clearly, these people have no idea about Islam in general. Otherwise, they would not descend upon a mosque and yell at people going to worship the very same God upon Whom Jesus Christ called. I know that Jesus doesn’t hate me, because, I love him so very much. And it was none other than my faith that made me, and all my other fellow Muslims, fall in love with him. If only these supposed followers of Christ knew this.
2 thoughts on ““Jesus Hates Muslims”…Kind of Odd To Me”
Please correct the translation of ‘Basmala’ at the beginning of the article.,Ar Raheem’ can be translated as merciful, beneficent etc., but never as ‘beautiful’.Teaching PBIS: Attitude and Positivity
We're positive your students will love it.
Looking for more PBIS resources? Check out all of our Teacher Guides and Online Courses here.
You might be thinking that "attitude" is hard to define in just a few words. Well according to Tom Tierney, attitude is the ability to "project very directly one's opinions and feelings […] with little more than a gesture, a stance, a look."
Now you might be thinking, just who is this Tom Tierney? He was the king of paper dolls, making paper dolls of historical figures and pop culture icons from Pope John Paul II to Judy Garland to Michelle Obama. But most of all, he was a man who demonstrated that with the right attitude, you can be anything—even the king of paper dolls, a regal title that would never have existed without him.
In this guide you will find
- scripted lesson plans on positivity, negativity, and constructive criticism. (We can take it, and we'll help your students learn how to, too.)
- discussion questions about code switching and diversity.
- activities about personal choice, consequences, and outlook. (No, not the mail program.)
With the right attitude, your students can be the new king (or queen) of paper dolls… or whatever weird art form they choose.
DAY 1: POSITIVITY: SEEING THE GLASS HALF FULL
Introduction
This is a lesson where students will scour yester-thoughts to examine how their attitude changed throughout the day. Also, they will discover that positivity is a choice, not an outcome of a great breakfast. As a mindfulness practice, journaling is encouraged in this day's lesson.
Key Skills and Learning Objectives
- Begin to recognize patterns of positive and negative thinking in oneself and one's environment and begin to analyze the effects of each.
- Understand the value of maintaining a positive attitude.
- Practice positive thinking in class, at school, and at home.
Homework
- Yesterday: Spend a day in your life.
- Today: Analyze your past attitudes, with future choices in mind.
CHOOSING HAPPY
Materials Needed:
A journal. Have students bring a journal (of any size) to use throughout the lessons to track their attitudes and practice positivity. They will be required to bring this to class every day and to use it every night for homework. Let them know they can personalize it however they please—the goal is to encourage journal keeping as a method of self-reflection.
Access to happy songs. We suggest playing a song as the students come in each day to set the mood. Here is a list we like (be sure to skim for appropriate language). Of course, you can also just play all Whitney Houston, all the time.
Day 1's Handout. These questions will be answered for homework every night during this unit, so make sure kids hang on to this sheet.
Day 4's Handout. This handout won't really be used until Day 4 (funny how that works), but it might be helpful to give students a head's up about this assignment.
Access to computer to research positive role models during class.
Estimated Time to Complete: 50 minutes
Why should we bother being positive? [Pose this question to the students. The trick is that this question illustrates, ever so subtly, that attitude is a choice.] We often don't think that attitude is a choice we make. When bad things happen to us, like getting a bad mark on a homework assignment or being ditched by a crush—we wallow in self-pity and do not consider the people around us. Think about it, though: Two people can have the exact same bad experience and come out of it with either a positive or negative attitude.
Do you know anyone who keeps smiling during bad times? How about anyone who's super negative?
In today's activity, you'll be reminiscing about your day yesterday as a journalist of your own life. Start by recording the best moment of your day yesterday on your handout, and then write down the worst moment. What attitude did you have during those moments, and what attitude did you have in the aftermath? Do you wish you had handled either situation differently? Why or why not? Let the ink flow, diarists!
Then, thinking of attitude as a choice, spend some time answering question 4 on the handout. You may find that getting to know how you deal with highs and lows will help you learn how to choose positivity, ultimately. [Give students 10-15 minutes to write down their answers to the questions.]
Now take 20 minutes to research someone who has experienced a mega bad time in life and has come out with a positive attitude. Take a stab at why they chose positivity. How does their positivity affect you? Jot down some notes.
[For the next 15 minutes, have students share their findings with the class.]
Wrap-up
[For the remainder of the lesson, have students share their best and worst moments, including what they wish they had done differently. Be vulnerable and share your best and worst moment first in order to foster safety and openness in the classroom environment. Having a positive attitude isn't easy—let them know you're in this together.]
HOMEWORK
Interview a person you know in your community who has gone through an ordeal and come out of it with a positive attitude. Maybe they lost someone they loved. Maybe their cat passed away. Maybe they got really sick. Maybe someone else ate the last doughnut. You'd be surprised at how much people have gone through! Ask this person the following questions:
- What was the lowest moment in your life? How did you overcome it?
- Have you always had a positive attitude or did you have to learn it?
- What helps you remain positive?
- What makes you feel negative? How do you deal with it?
- What advice would you give to someone who is struggling with being positive?
Turn the answers you are given into a short paragraph written in the third person. Make sure you let the person being interviewed know that you might be sharing their answers with the class. If the person doesn't want to be named, no problem—just make up a fake name for them.
Now that you're a pro-interviewer, start thinking of someone in your community who code-switches, or speaks in more than one dialect or language. You will also be interviewing them, using the questions on Day 4's handout. Don't worry; this won't be due until Day 5. A heads up never hurts, though.
DISCUSSION AND ESSAY QUESTIONS
- Do you believe attitude is a personal choice? Explore a moment in your life when you chose to be positive or negative and how this affected you and your family or friends.
- Can you think of a moment in your life when you were affected by someone else's attitude in your environment? Put yourself in their shoes. Why do you think they were acting this way?
- Do your peers have wizard-like powers to change your mind about something? When has a peer changed your mind in a positive way? How about in a negative way?
- Make a list of ten things in your life that you are grateful for. Now make a list of five things in your life you are unhappy about. Apply the following questions to those five things: Can they be changed? Can you think about them differently? If so, how? Are there any good things about them?
- How connected do you believe the mind and body are when it comes to one's outlook on life? Can healthy habits affect how one sees things? Check out your unhealthiest habits and see if getting rid of them will lead to having a more positive attitude.
- When we act like grumps (even for good reason) we generally aren't mindful of the people around us. Take five minutes to notice things around you that are pleasing or interesting. How can paying attention change our attitudes?
- When we're young, we sometimes hate things that are actually good for us. Look at your life. Is there anything in your life that is actually good for you that you see as absolutely terrible (like broccoli)? How can you change your mind about it?
- If you were to write a letter to yourself, giving yourself advice on how to deal with difficult situations, what would you say? How could you use your past experiences to back up your arguments? Write it down! Read it aloud to yourself. Keep it by your bed.
- Sometimes, as a positive person, you can spend a lot of time and energy trying to lift someone else's spirits. Has anyone taken advantage of your positivity before? What healthy boundaries can you set between you and negative energies in your life?
- How would you encourage other people in your school to choose happiness? Write a happiness manifesto with practical advice on how to choose to be positive every day.
Here’s how to change the working directory of a running process.
Why would you want to do this ? Say you need to un-mount a filesystem (NFS, ext4, CIFS whatever) however there is an open filehandle(file descriptor) from a resident process preventing you from un-mounting the filesystem, and you can’t afford to kill the process, then under certain situations, you can temporarily change the cwd, unmount/remount the filesystem, and then change the cwd for that process back to what it was.
Emulate a program which has a cwd (current working directory) using a python 1-liner.
# python -c 'import os, time; os.chdir("/var/tmp"); time.sleep(240)' & [1] 22569 # lsof -p 22569 | grep cwd python 22569 root cwd DIR 0,21 4096 41198554 /var/tmp ## This is the only open filehandle on our mountpoint # lsof -w /var/tmp COMMAND PID USER FD TYPE DEVICE SIZE/OFF NODE NAME python 22569 root cwd DIR 0,21 4096 41198554 /var/tmp # ls -ldi /var/tmp 41198554 drwxrwxrwt 4 root root 4096 Apr 23 03:50 /var/tmp
Change the cwd using the GNU debugger.
# gdb -q -p 22569 (gdb) call (int) chdir("/tmp") (gdb) detach (gdb) quit ## Check that it worked. # lsof -p 22569 | grep cwd python 22569 root cwd DIR 0,21 4096 40861717 /tmp ## Final check that there are no new processes which have open filehandles under our mountpoint. # lsof -w /var/tmp # ls -ldi /tmp 40861717 drwxrwxrwt 5 root root 4096 Apr 23 03:49 /tmp
Now you can unmount/remount the filesystem.
AdvertisementsRay and Wilma Tipton Memorial Scholarship
Provided by: Southwest Baptist University
Awards
Varies
Deadline
Varies
The Ray and Wilma Tipton Memorial Scholarship is available to students at Southwest Baptist University. First preference is given to dependents of Southern Baptist ministers. Second preference is given to dependents of missionaries. Third preference is given to Courts Redford College of Theology and Church Vocations majors.
You Might Also Like
Enter Now
Win $5K a week “Forever” from Publishers Clearing House!
Easy Scholarship to Apply For
$5,000 Course Hero Monthly Scholarship.
Dell's Latest Student Deals
EXCLUSIVE OFFER: Get 10% Off Select Dell Laptops & PCs.Identity Evropa posters found at Dinkytown coffee shop [PHOTOS]
The geniuses at Identity Evropa can't even spell Europe correctly. Submitted photo
The worst thing about racists is what they think.
The best thing about them is how bad they are at thinking.
Consider whichever right-wing activist recently tried recruiting new members to his cause from the Twin Cities area. Where would he find the sort of aggrieved, unenlightened, any-port-in-the-storm dupe who might fall for that sort of shit?
If you said "a coffee shop on a college campus in a liberal city," you are... well, you're probably the guy who did this, because that's the only person dumb enough to think that.
On Monday, staff at the Purple Onion discovered posters for "Identity Evropa" mixed in with fliers with other offers. Identity Evropa is the sort of white-folks-first group that draws attention from the Southern Poverty Law Center, which earlier this year reported on its attempts to "make inroads at U.S. colleges."
According to some outlets, it was members of Identity Evropa whose meeting at the Minneapolis Institute of Art led to a physical clash with anti-fascist activists back in February. Right-wingers involved in that incident later published a letter saying they aren't racist, they just like "traditional art."
Probably like the stuff depicted on these fliers, which instruct people to "PROTECT YOUR HERITAGE" and "SERVE YOUR PEOPLE." Maybe these are just references to one's "heritage" as a lover of Roman sculptures, and "your people" refers to serving ... dead sculptors. Probably it's just about white people.
(Notice how guys who traffic in this don't have any real skills, like the artists they claim... and never quite look like the guys in the sculptures?)
Inspired yet, undergrads? Wait 'til you see the back of it!
If that doesn't convince you to narrow your horizons and stop reading anything that wasn't published in a sparsely populated online messsage board, nothing will.
This was the first time these recruitment fliers have appeared at the Purple Onion, says one employee there, and they did not last long. If the guy who left them wants to recycle them for use in another equally inapt location, they can be found in the dumpster.
Related
- St. John's University bros chant 'Build that wall!' just like Jesus would [VIDEO]
- Professor Dan Demetriou's anti-immigrant rant inspires teach-in at University of Minnesota-Morris
- With an arrest and more signs, University of Minnesota's Nazi problem grows
- Sign campaign rips frat house culture at the University of Minnesota
- 'White privilege checklist' is University of Minnesota's latest hate crime
- University of Minnesota track teammates are the state's fastest gay couple
More from News
Around The Web
Sponsor ContentThe development of criminology essay
Essay, term paper research paper on criminology some of the major causes for a person to commit a crime may be due to poverty, where proper access to. Criminology research papers examine the study of crime that looks into all aspects relating to crime. Dimensions of criminology: a study of it is important to understand this development from the [tags: crime violence criminology essays] 1525 words. Inside of each cells in the human body, there are components of genetic material called chromosomes along these chromosomes, there are millions of genes, which are.
This essay has been submitted by a law student this is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers feminist perspectives in criminology. Development of restorative justice criminology essaydocx - download as word doc (doc / docx), pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online. Criminology theories-differential association and strain criminology theories-differential association and or social development of.
The history of criminology history of criminology essay the intention of criminology is the development of a form of common and tested. Criminology essays - what problem identification and development of solutions as well as cooperation. Criminology essay thesis statement: the rise of the criminology a science contributed to the emergence of numerous theories, which though do not provide the. Criminology theories essay new career development thesis satatements criminology theory by louis simpson examples of routine activities / lifestyle do these. Free essay: sociological criminology focuses on the relationship between social factors and crime based on the work of quetelet, and durkheim quetelet along.
Read criminology essays and research papers view and download complete sample criminology essays, instructions, works cited pages, and more. The state of the field of criminology: a brief essay and seek to enhance the level of growth and development of academic criminology/justice education in. Classical school classical theory in criminology has its roots in the theories of and the development of the legal criminology essay. Free criminology papers, essays, and research papers it is important to understand this development from the formulation of theories, the evolution of. Included: crime essay content preview text: the advent and development of computer technology has given rise to a new concept of criminological approach which is.
- The british criminology conference: selected proceedings volume 3 papers from the british society of criminology theoretical development has far from come.
- The classical school of criminological as modernity has progressed so has the development of the judicial law essays more criminology essays examples of our.
It is from the rise in these crimes in these centuries that there has been development of systematic study of save time and order what is criminology essay. Criminology essays criminology essay 23rd july one of the most groundbreaking theories of the twentieth century was the development of the concept that. Ii development of criminology the discipline of criminology has evolved in three phases (1764 translated as essays on crimes and punishments, 1880. The development of criminology was accompanied by the emergence of various theories, which targeted at the interpretation of cause and essence of crime as well.SLAVE LAKE - It was the sounds of crowds cheering outside the Northern Lakes College that got to Jamie Coutts.
As Slave Lake’s fire chief, Coutts has been deeply immersed in the ups and downs of the past 7 1/2 weeks, since a fire destroyed about one-third of his town and thrust the small community into the spotlight.
On Wednesday, as Slave Lake residents celebrated the arrival of Prince William and Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, into their community, Coutts said he was moved by the joy of the day.
“When I heard everyone cheering outside, it was actually pretty emotional,” said Coutts. “There’s not much to smile about around here, and today was a day to smile and have a good time. I hope there’s more of those days coming.”
The royal couple began their visit to Slave Lake with a tour of the southeast area of town, visiting the wreckage in the hardest-hit part of the community. The duke and duchess walked through the area with Premier Ed Stelmach, Mayor Karina Pillay-Kinnee and area reeve Denny Garratt, asking numerous questions.
At one point, the couple stopped to touch the hulk of a burned vehicle, and William examined some of the ash and rubble.
The duke and duchess then went to Northern Lakes College, which had been the main emergency command centre in the days after the fire, where they met privately with emergency responders, local officials and some residents who lost their homes.
Cathy and Dave Redgate had time to talk with the duchess alone, showing her pictures of their house before the fire, then while it was burning. Cathy Redgate said the duchess was almost moved to tears by the photo.
The Redgates said they were impressed by the couple’s compassion and easy manner, which Cathy Redgate described as like talking to “just another girlfriend.”
“It was great,” she said. “It was one of the nicest things that has happened since the fire.”
Dave Redgate, who lost all his clothes in the fire, said he checked to make sure casual wear would be OK for the royal visit.
“I had to make sure jeans were allowed, and they assured us it was all very informal,” he said.
Premier Stelmach said the royal couple’s down-to-earth attitude helped them connect with fire victims during the private meetings.
“They’re very genuine. When they’re talking to you, you feel like you’re the only person in the room, and that made so many couples here that have lost their homes feel that they were so important,” he said.
Karl Hill, a fire department captain and employee of the Town of Slave Lake, said it was a surreal experience to have two of the most famous people in the world in his small, northern Alberta community.
“It was an awesome experience. Once-in-a-lifetime, kid at Christmas, amazing ...,” he said. “I couldn’t believe that we were standing in front of those two people.”
Hill said he spoke with the duchess about how technology and communication — including Facebook and texting — played a role in the emergency procedures during and after the fire.
“She was talking about perhaps going on Facebook, and I said no, Twitter’s better,” he said. “That’s how casual the conversation was.”
The royals then did a walkabout outside the college, visiting with adoring fans who had been camped out since early morning.
After seeing the couple’s plane off in the afternoon, Pillay-Kinnee said the entire experience was still sinking in.
“It’s still hard to believe, it really is,” she said. “It’s something this community will remember forever, and be forever grateful for.”
Pillay-Kinnee said she thinks the visit will help Slave Lake residents as they continue the long process of rebuilding.
“We’re a strong community, and this is just going to help the recovery,” she said.
Garratt described the visit as “inspirational.”
“It’s just a testament to how nice people they really are ...,” he said. “In my mind, it couldn’t be more timely. At this point in time, we’re kind of waiting for the next step, and this just brings everyone a notch higher on the happy scale. It’s great, we needed this kind of a lift.”
RCMP officer Leigh Drinkwater said the royal visit showed that people around the world recognize the scope of the Slave Lake disaster — and that it’s still not over.
“It’s nice to see people of their stature that can acknowledge what happened here, and recognize what has happened and make a point of coming,” said Drinkwater, who lost his home in the blaze. “I think that it will offer a lot of encouragement to the people here in town, to show that their matters are still in the forefront of a lot of people’s minds.”
jpruden@edmontonjournal.comClark Ellis brings us a rare interview with British researcher Dr. Jonathan Kerr who is now living in Colombia.
Discuss the article on the Forums.
Is it safe to empty out contents of a multi-antioxidant capsule and sprinkle it onto food?
Discussion in 'General ME/CFS Discussion' started by golden, Mar 3, 2013.The 5K Fun Run which starts at 10:30am is for experienced and novice runners and walkers who are looking for enjoyment over speed. The route is over a 2.5K course repeated twice. Bring your leashed dog. Top 3 male and female runners will be recognized plus top 3 finishers with dogs.Agency Performance Planning Guidebook
Agency performance planning looks at the agency mission (the purpose or why the agency exists) and defines the operations (core functions and key services, products and/or activities) that are in place to achieve that mission. An effective performance plan identifies measures for each core function and for key services, products and/or activities and monitors how well the agency achieves performance targets. In essence, a performance plan is a snapshot of what the agency does and how well it does it. The plan also helps to pinpoint improvement opportunities and implement strategies to achieve better results. This guidebook is a resource for state agencies on how to build a performance plan.We can price match this item if found elsewhere. Call us on:
Quoting code: PR4158
Or fill out the form here.
This versatile quiver rod is an ideal tool when fishing for shy-biting Barbel and other larger species with a feeder. It makes a superb roving river rod, and is
the perfect tool for a multitude of stillwater.!
abov and select the ‘Login’ tab and select the tagged users and/or the users with field options.
*Important: The Registration feature is available to Enterprise accounts..Buso Renkin (2006-2007)
Director: Takao Koto
IMDb Overview:
Alchemy showdown!
Anime News Network Overview:.
A Buso Renkin Review
Buso Renkin Episode Count: 26 episodes
While a very high tech original anime, Buso Renkin is really a bizarre one (in my experience). While things are always ending up in twists and new revelations. Buso Renkin’s story begins with a good overall beginning. Kazuki Moto wondering an abandoned building where a homonculus attacks and he dies. Soon after he wakes up from this with what he supposes is the truth, the chilling reality is by far more complex than that. He died but was saved at the last moment by a strange device (named a Kakugane medallion) that kept his heart beating thanks to Tokiko Tsumura. She is a type of alchemist who had been on a mission until she stumbled on ,Kazuki, being almost killed, so interfered in hopes of saving him. Later, Kazuki wakes up like any other day trying to make sense if his death happened (or him almost dying. He did die but planted the Kakugane medallion in his heart giving him life again). Having brief flashbacks to what really happened he decides to go back to the moment he supposedly died. You’d think he’d learn to stay away but he doesn’t and the same homonculus is still there. But really can’t forget the girl who saved him and feels an intense feeling of gratitude. This time when around when he returns he isn’t so defenseless and finds that he is rather strong against this humonculus. Tokiko when seeing him can’t believe how well can he handle and wield the kakugane or that it’s activating at all to his wield to fight. To her its a seemingly really unconventional and doesn’t know whether if its from the itself or from own latent power. Whatever the reason, is going to find soon enough that something is really wrong with him because of his new heart implant. In this way Kazuki and Tokiko are thrust into a world of the homomculus and Buso renkin (arms alchemy) together.
Buso Renkin doesn’t stay boring for long if it ever was. Changes a lot throughout the anime with varying entertaining cast of both friends and enemies. Papillon who dresses in a black and purple butterfly unitard. He is one of the first major villains that comes to mind.While sensitive sometimes he also has a quick changing mood. Although he can be a really hilarious guy at times too and a wise thinker. Though he’s a villain at first it becomes interesting to see he later is one of Kazuki and Tokiko’s closest allies. While another early ally is Captain Bravo.The guy has really amazing (as in a– beautiful to look at) character design along with other characters and the world in general in Buso Renkin. Kazuki is often mentioned to adore Tokiko, so much he’s willing to fight to protect her at very extreme lenghts seen in the anime. When he does Buso Renkin shows its action empowered with moments of action suspense that’s exquisite to watch. For in its own right the fights are fierce at times. In Buso Renkin there that are individuals that are capable to harness abilities with the use of kagukanes that all, are unique to their users. They are then ranked by how strong their abilities are. The world of Buso Renkin is sort of mecha (machine created) but it doesn’t do it justice. It’s entirely unique with a terrific plot as well as character development. As far as the animation itself it really has a great array of well-designed characters. The animation is clean in nice lighting and bright. Found highly attractive and new from most anime serieses.
Buso Renkin is much more recommended to fans of Inuyasha (a comparison that’s a bit close) and anime watchers that love a plot that’s really action filled but with an injection of romance. Buso Renkin find brings really tough animation and the thrill of high action together with some romance which is not all badly combined.
Genre: Action/Adventure, Comedy, Drama, Fantasy, Romance, Alchemy
Contains: Dark side, Developing Powers
Anime Soundtrack Side-note: The opening for the anime of Buso Renkin was pretty nice. Felt went well with the overall anime. The Opening theme song was “Makka Na Chikai” by Yoshiki Fukuyama.The Closing theme songs found alright. The closing theme for the first half of the series was “Hoshiakari” by Jyukai. For the second half of the series it was “Itoshiki Sekai” by Aya Kagami.Kargil War Story in Urdu Gentleman Astaghfirullah Ebook free download pdf
Download another best free ebook from your favorite Urdu books title name of this PDF format book is Gentleman Astaghfirullah authored by Col. Retired Ashfaq Hussain. The read about Kargil War full story (also known as the Kargil conflict) causes and the established truths (Asal Haqaeq). This war (Jang) between Pakistan army vs Indian army in May and July 1999 at Kargil mountant, Part of the Indo-Pakistani Wars. The reason for the war was the invasion of Pakistani fighters and Kashmiri aggressors into positions on the Indian side of the LOC. Col. Retired Ashfaq Hussain who is a resigned officer from Pak Army.The next step for us after we have finished the Analysis and the Conception is the presentation to the client. That’s you. Our presentation is another element that makes us different from others in the industry. We are constantly surprised that many of our competitors save this for the last or next-to-last step. Why?
A lot of times it is arrogance. After all, they do this everyday and you probably redesign a distribution center maybe every 4 – 8 years. So its hard to fault them for that.
Except for one thing. This is your business, you work with this data, SKUs, and customers everyday. They will only see this once – if you’re lucky, maybe a couple of times.
Reviewing the data with our customers and making sure that we are all on the same page is important to us. We want to make sure that you agree with the data and conclusions that we have.
Why? Well in the rush to get data to our company and have us work our magic, sometimes some data is lost or misplaced. Or we get the wrong data set – say, data from when that little black dress was flying off the shelf 2 years ago instead of this year, when that dress became “so last year.”
To proceed to the 4th Step click here
Read more about the Secret to Great Distribution Center Design
One customercollaboration,.This week Transport for London published the long-awaited Better Streets Delivered 2. This beautifully presented report illustrates schemes across London that have been implemented over recent years, or are currently under construction, to improve the 10 Healthy Streets indicators.
Even just a flick through the ‘before’ and ‘after’ pictures show clearly how streets of all kinds have been made better for people: Footways widened; direct crossings put in at the point where people want to cross the street; seating and planting; a range of measures to reduce the dominance of motorised vehicles on streets of all sizes.
It’s great to see such a variety of locations – town centres across outer London including Hornchurch, Bexley Heath, Southall and Harlesden; major junctions in central London including Holborn Circus, Euston Circus and Aldgate Gyratory; and local streets such as Bonnington Square in Lambeth and Royal College Street in Camden. My favourite street in London, Van Gogh Walk, also features.
My favourite street in London: Van Gogh Walk (Image: TfL)
But what sets this report apart from its predecessor – Better Streets Delivered – is that the health benefit delivered by these street improvements has been calculated to show in £’s the human value of improving streets. For all the projects that I could get hold of some basic data on levels of people walking and cycling I applied the World Health Organisation’s Health Economic Assessment Tool for Walking & Cycling. This tool shows the monetised health benefit of people staying healthier and avoiding long term conditions because they were being more physically active.
Hornchurch town centre now delivers £500,000 in health benefits each year from increased footfall (Image: TfL)
You’ll see that the monetised health benefit varies depending on the levels of walking and cycling in each location. Some places in central London deliver £2-3m in health benefits each year but even more modest schemes in outer London deliver around £500,000 each year in health benefits. Given that these calculations are conservative and (due to lack of data) often do not capture both the cycling and walking health benefits the reality is that these figures could probably be higher.
You can do these sums yourself, if you want to read more about how to calculate the monetised health benefits of transport projects, I have written this guidance.Lance Oatley Stewart Memorial Wrestling Scholarship
Provided by: Johnston County Education Foundation
Awards
$2,000
Deadline
Varies
The Lance Oatley Stewart Memorial Wrestling Scholarship is open to graduating seniors from South Johnston High School. You must be a member of the wrestling team, be an intense competitor and a "coach's player," and demonstrate citizenship, sportsmanship and team orientation.Myanmar extends curfew in northern Rakhine to ensure further security
YANGON, Dec. 27 (Xinhua) —..Travel Guide
Just 300 metres from Azolimnos Beach in Syros and within a short walk from taverns and bars, the Cycladic-style Thealos features a snack bar and a breakfast room. It offers self-catering accommodation with free Wi-Fi and a private balcony.
Modernly decorated in white and blue tones, the air-conditioned studios of Thealos have views of the garden, while some also view the sea. All units include a kitchenette with fridge and an LCD TV. The bathroom comes with a shower and a hairdryer.
A buffet breakfast is served daily at the outdoor dining area with views over the sea. Guests can also enjoy light snacks, fresh salads and cocktails at the on-site snack bar throughout the day.
Thealos is situated 6 km from the scenic Ermoupolis and its port and 2 km from Syros National Airport. Staff at the front desk can arrange car rental to explore famous villages, such as Galissas at 10 km. Free parking is available on site.
Set 1/2
LOCATION
JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use Google Maps. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. To view Google Maps, enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.
ROOM FACILITIES
HOTEL SERVICESHow often have you been wooed by a pretty face and then realized the object of your affection is, well, not exactly all there mentally? Get ready to do it again! Except that this time, don't be surprised if you encounter a real psycho dingbat.
It's free!
Create an account and get full services: do tarot card readings, take personality type test,
like other users, find friends or love, play questions game, try it!
Get zodiac sign by birth date:
Made with inI
List all my recent posts.
Personal Webpage
Articles by Robbie_Phillips
Interests Outside Climbing
CLIMBING!!!!!!!!!
Photo Gallery
Click to view Robbie_Phillips's gallery. (14 photos)
Click to search for photos of climbers called Robbie_Phillips.
Click to list photo comments written by me. (11 comments)
I've voted for 39 photos, average vote 3.9.
(61% superb - 5% good - 15% average - 0% poor - 17% rubbish)
Read more about user profiles and how to set up your own.
Tufty Club Rebellion E5 6b
King Wad E5 6b
On the Verge E4 6a
The Charm E1 5c
... list all 129 climbs
Ticklists BETA
Ultimate Scottish Rock 2%
... list all 1 ticklist
Climbs Wishlist
Gribin Wall Climb E9 6c
Once Upon a Time in the South West E9 6c
Gravediggers E8 6c
Trauma E9 7a
Meshuga E9 6c
The Quarryman E8 7a
Indian Face E9 6c
Comfortably Numb E8 6c
County Ethics f7C+
The New Statesman E8 7a
... list all 16 climbsMonday Message For November 27, 2017Published by liz.porter on Tue, 11/28/2017 - 10:45
November 27, 2017
Dear Parents,
I hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving holiday full of family and good food!
With the holiday season upon us, I just wanted to remind you about the Amazon Smile program where you can sign up and Brookside receives a small portion of your purchase price as cashback for our PTA. The link to sign up is or you can find it on the PTA’s Facebook page at . It’s still your same Amazon account but you have to make sure you go to the Amazon Smile page for it to work. Thank you -- every little bit helps!
I also wanted to let you know that starting today during lunch we have asked students to put any uneaten, unopened food items from their school lunch (applesauce, bananas, fruit cups, milk, etc.) on the “sharing table”. If other students would like an extra milk, for example, they are welcome to get one off the sharing table at no additional cost. We are hoping this helps cut down on the food wasted each day at lunch time. Students are also welcome to stop in at the office after school and get any leftover food items to take home.
Thank you and have a great week!
Dana BeckertJohn Oliver gets the scoop on a Florida couple and rookie lawyer who foreclosed on Bank of America and turns their incredible story into a movie.
The Daily Show: The Florida Couple Who Foreclosed on Bank of America | Video Cafe
Current Status: Blessed (1)
Seeded on Wed Aug 10, 2011 9:49 AM
keyboard shortcuts: V vote up article J next comment K previous commentViews
We had a lovely day of wedding planning in the Atlas Mountains at Kasbah Bab Ourika, checking out the best spaces for the ceremony, dinner and after party (or boom boom as we call it at Boutique Souk). So many options as there are so many pretty gardens and terraces to choose from, each with a better view than the last. Our favourite was the terrace overlooking the maze garden and the patio terrace with views down in the red Ourika valley. We also got carried away posing up a storm while looking at areas for bridal portraits. We got served up a traditional breakfast of crepes, ‘beldi’ homemade bread, Berber omelette and of course sweet mint tea before heading back down the mountain road to Marrakech.
”“The kasbah is less than an hour from Marrakech and yet feels like another world. The views are absolutely amazing and the laid back interiors are beautifully put together.”
Mifos is an open source platform currently being used in more in 30 countries to deliver financial services to nearly a million people. The contributions of developers, designers, and product managers hacking over the weekend will strengthen Mifos’ efforts to scale towards a vision of enabling 3 Million Maries to create a world without poverty.
Together with teams based at RHoK San Francisco and RHoK Bangalore, participants will support development of new mobile and Web applications for Mifos X. They’ll be joined by members of the Mifos community and technical staff who will guide the weekend projects, and share ways to be involved as the projects scale. Learn more about Mifos and this exciting problem set on the Random Hacks of Kindness website.
For more details and registration check out DublinRHoKs
What: Random Hacks of Kindness Hackathon
When: Saturday, December 1, 2012 at 9:00 AM – Sunday, December 2, 2012 at 4:00 PM
Where: TOG
Cost: Free but signup required
ProfileThank you for signing up to receive Spirit Halloween emails!
You will now be eligible to receive special email offers and discounts.
So Much Fun It's Scary!® - Only Days Until HALLOWEEN!
Open
Foot Soilder
1 - 2 of 2
Sort by:
1 of 1
Sort by:
1 of 1
Related Categories: Boys Costumes | Toy Soldier Kids | Foot Soldier Muscle | Soldier | Soldier Costumes
Foot Soldier Child Costume
March in and take over on Halloween when you dress in this Foot Soldier Child Costume. Character jumpsuit features muscle torso and arms, complete with gloves and helmet. Add toy weapon (not included) for the full effect!
$46.99
Captain America Child Shield
Fight for truth, justice and the American way when you complete your costume with this officially licensed Captain America child's shield - it's over a foot in diameter.
<<Kontogialos is also known as Pelekas beach, as it lies under the village of Pelekas, famous for its impressive sunset. Kontogialos beach is one of the most beautiful beaches of Corfu. The big sandy beach is more than 30 meters wide, relatively quiet and ideal for children because of the sand and the shallow waters. Its crystal clear blue waters are among the cleanest in the whole Ionian sea.
Pelekas village is just 1,5 km up the hill from Rainbow Apartments, on top of one of the prettiest hills of the island and is one of the best known but still picturesque villages of Corfu. The view all around is beautiful, as Pelekas sits on an altitude of 220 meters and combines ideally the luscious green hillsides with the crystal clear Ionian sea underneath. Pelekas village is on the western coast of Corfu, 12 kilometers from Corfu Town. The village is famous for its sunset and some claim that the Pelekas sunset is the best in Corfu. At dusk, people gather on the top of the hill, at the Kaiser’s throne (Kaiser Wilhelm set up an observatory on the top of the hill 100 years ago) to admire the Ionian sea at its best, when it merges with the fiery red setting sun. Around Pelekas there are also many footpaths ideal for walking in nature.- Products
As a result of our extensive in-house production depth, we can offer our clients an innovative solution tailored to their needs through manufacturing our own systems. Such solutions are characterised by their outstanding quality,
- Cleaning Inspection Center CIC one
- Chamber Cleaning Systems ZK
The well-established cleaning technique in our ZK-Series provides a cost-effective, technically mature solution for small quantities.
- Through feed / Inline Cleaning Systems ZD
The ZD Series is our innovative response to increasing quantities and diverse conveyor systems.
- Rotary Transfer Cleaning Systems RT
Equipped with the latest technology in robotics and engineering, this system guarantees the highest possible load factor and can be easily integrated into any production line.
- Immersion Cleaning Systems ZT
The ZT Series offers an ideal solution for both bulk goods and individual components.
- Combined Spray-Immersion Cleaning Systems
The Zippel APOLLO combines the advantages of a chamber system with that of an immersion system.
- Special Cleaning Systems
As a result of decades of experience in special machine engineering, Zippel is able to respond to the unusual requirements of our clients.
- Deburring Systems
The deburring process is used specifically for removing flaky burrs and can be integrated in nearly every machine type in the form of brushes or high-water pressure systems.
- Gastronomy facilities
- Gastronomy
Time-tested and successfully used under the most demanding of circumstances: in restaurants, beer cellars, at folk festivals, in beer tents, cafeterias and canteen kitchens.
- Rettimat-Profi
- Periphery
The Zippel Eco-Sep was developed in order to extend the service life of the cleaning mediums and thus reduce operating costs for filters and chemicals.
- Technologies
Zippel focuses on innovative and environmentally friendly technologies.
- Technology Centre
Zippel is based on state machine concepts and advanced methods of application.
- Filtration
The application of modern filtration technology is important for a continuous good cleaning result, high lead times and smaller disposal costs.
- Automation
Through our extensive portfolio of services, the customer receives a maximum of flexibility and at the same time process optimization, rationalization, increase machine utilization and reduce costs.
- Eco Liquid Power
Eco Liquid Power Concept stands for conceptual client solutions which combines ecology and economy in a forward leading way.
- Energy Save Concept
- References
- Service
Our assigned project team is at the client's disposal for consultation at all times during its development, production and assembly.
- Inquiry form
- Service form
Take advantage of our new service to report contact form to send orders or problems.
- Disclaimer
- GBT
- Site Notice
Site notice of Zippel GmbH
Data policy of Zippel GmbHok so my tablet just started bootlooping , so i decided to use odin and flash it , but it keeps getting stuck on the welcome screen , as soon as i click start it freezes. i tried many different firmwares from sammobile , but the problem persists and the process com.google.processess.gapps is also stopping as it reaches the welcome screen .... help
Last edited by malybru; 21st August 2014 at 10:47 AM.Bugaboo Cameleon 3 for sale. MUST BE SOLD!
Bugaboo Cameleon 3 with extended light blue hood available. Professionally cleaned and in excellent condition with barely any wear and tear.
18 hours ago
Pram double ICANDY peach
ICANDY double pram 2016. The pram contains 2 seats, a bassinet and a cup holder. Minor scratches on the frame. Works well and is very smooth while steering. It’s a fantastic pram for 1 or2 children Total Purchase price was $1800
13/01/2018
Steelcraft baby Pram
Steelcraft. In good condition. Compatible with Steelcraft baby capsule.
09/01/2018
Strider compact pram
Great condition. No rips in material. Comes with all accessories (rain, sun, foot muff). Some scratches on frame from getting in and out of car.
03/01/2018
Stokke Crusi Pram
In excellent condition from smoke free and pet free home. Only used for 12 months for one child this is a great pram. Comes complete with mosquito net, rain cover and cup holder. Rrp $1799. Inspections welcome. DETAILS The multitalented connection stroller. Stokke Crusi lifts your child closer to you helping you explore together. Stokke Crusi grows with your child. A from birth solution uses our design know-how for multi-use and convertibility as your child grows. Safety, comfort and convenie
01/01/2018
We found 50 additional ads in surrounding suburbs.Click here to see all results
Mountain Buggy Twin Pram with basinet attachment
We are including the rain cover and bassinet that fits on top of the pram. It is a great pram that works brilliantly on all surfaces. In very good condition with just some minor colour fading on the top.
01/01/2018
Baby Pram / Stroller
Brown used baby pram/stroller. Colour faded on canopy as picture due to sunshine. Working well. - Sturdy with excellent suspension - Reversible handle - Seat could be put down as a bassinet - From birth to 3 years old - Large storage basket under seat - One-step foot brake - Quick and easy folding - Full canopy with observing window
12/01/2018
Baby Jogger City Mini GT Stroller Pram
Excellent spotless condition, purchased for $700+ in 2016. Comes with free belly bar attachment worth $50+.
15/01/2018
Mountain buggy plus one double pram with cocoon
Mountain buggy plus one bundle comes with the second seat and the cocoon and brand new storm cover. All are in excellent condition. Description is in photos Fixed price
13/01/2018
Britax affinity pram
Pran with bassinet barley used in good condition
07/01/2018
Lightweight Swallow pram
Lightweight Swallow pram Lightweight Swallow pram in great working condition. Seat is adjustable. This pram also can transform to several different shapes to suit your kids from newborn to several years old. Pickup Belconnen, please txt me if you love it! Thanks!
01/01/2018
Bugaboo Donkey Duo Twin
Bugaboo Donkey Duo Excellent condition, very well looked after. Includes: 2 x seat frames 2 x black non-extendable hoods with aprons 2 x cream extendable hoods with 1 x matching apron 1 x black chevron extendable hood with matching apron 1 x red non-extendable hood with matching apron 1 x pink extendable hood with matching apron 1 x teal green extendable hood with matching apron 2 x bassinets 2 x bassinet mattresses 2 x bassinet mattress protectors (one is sheepskin) 2 x bassinet sheets 1 x f
19/12/2017
Childcare pram
Childcare Echo stroller. Great condition. Reversible so child can face you or face outwards. Can be seated or laying down. Folds flat. Suitable for kids up to 17kg. Reversible handle. Adjustable sun visor. Viewing window on hood. 5 point harness Removable bumper bar Large shopping basket
22/11/2017
Baby Jogger City Mini Pram
Normal wear and tear, but still in great working order. 5 point safety harness with multi-position sun canopy with 2 peek-a-boo windows. Deep storage basket. Folds easily. Suitable from birth up to 22.5kg.
28/10/2017
Steelcraft 3 wheel pram
A few scratchs on the side with all original parts good condition
21/05/2017Survey boundaries between private and social life, work and play, and desire and obligation.
But every once in a while when my guard is down (sometimes it happens even before noon) I find myself uttering an impulsive “Yes” to an innocent request for my help, or my time, or my pledge. This is when things begin to swirl and fuzz around me.
And it’s not like I drew the curtains and was “Yes-ing” in the afternoon or that I went out “Yes-ing” all night long. No, it started as just ONE. One hasty “Yes” can start the slide down the slippery slope of People Pleasing for me, until I find myself face down in a pile of commitment and obligation trying to be all things to all people, and having a panic attack because I forgot to SCHEDULE a time to PEE!!! Who’s with me? Who’s off the wagon right now?
Here is a super secret to staying on the People Pleaser Wagon. Whenever anyone asks you to be involved in something in any way, smile and say “Let me get right back to you on that.” It’s an easy and polite way to buy a little time to shove the People Pleaser back in the cupboard, and to check-in with yourself. Do you have the time, the energy, the room in your life to say Yes?
If so, great! Yes away! If not, here is another line for you, “I’ve checked into it, and I’m afraid I have to decline.” You don’t need to give any more information than that. Be direct, be polite, be firm.
Another time my People Pleaser tends to try sneak out is when I am about to go on stage and deliver one of my Humorous Motivational Keynote Speeches. To combat that feeling, I always have a quick ask Up that I might help at least one person with my words and ideas. It calms my nerves immediately, as it is no longer about me, but about helping others, which is the whole reason I do what I do. That moment of clarity allows me to do the very best job I can.
It is in this spirit of striving to be my best, that I often reach out to participants after an event to get their feedback, positive and constructive, both of which I consider a gift. Often I will use an on-line survey tool where the members who wish, respond to questions anonymously, and the data is sent to me with no identifying information.
While it is nice that almost all of the feedback I receive is of the positive flavor, I have definitely used the constructive comments to develop and grow as a speaker – I have improved the way I move or annunciate or tell a story based upon helpful feedback from willing participants.
Once in my experience I received feedback that was negative to the point of being painful. I was scrolling through the comments about things people had learned and how they would use my ideas in their daily life. It made me smile to hear what a good time 99% of the respondents had laughing and learning with me on that occasion. Then came Anonymous #27 who gave short searing answers that indicated they felt my program was neither informative nor humorous, and actually used the phrase “waste of time” to answer one of the questions. Now, I would absolutely expect that some of the members of my audiences might not agree with all my ideas or even my style of delivery, and I am ok with that. I know I cannot reach all the people all the time, I just have to deliver what I believe to be the best and most helpful tools in the very me-est way I know how. As Wanda Sykes says, “Imma Be Me!” and try my hardest to assure my message reaches the people it needs to.
Here is what I wish I could say to Anonymous #27; I sincerely thank you for taking the time to complete the survey and to share with me the fact that you did not enjoy yourself, I am truly sorry about that, HOWEVER, it would be so helpful if you could please fill out the sections where I ask for ideas on how I, and your experience, could improve, all three of which you left BLANK!
But dropping a Yuck Bomb on my head and running away is not the real problem with Anonymous #27. The real problem with Anonymous #27 is… that I remember the words they wrote, still today, and I do not remember any of the many many many positive responses I received from that same event.
This is where I know my People Pleaser would love to come out and play. And this is where I sit my People Pleaser down hard in a chair, look her in the eye and say, Don’t. You. Dare.
Even if I could ever track down and find Anonymous #27, show up at their office with homemade pesto and apologize for wasting precious moments of their time on Earth, it wouldn’t help either of us because 1) Anonymous #27 would most likely, not even REMEMBER me or the comments they pounded into the keyboard that day and 2) If they DID remember me, neither pesto, nor anything I have to say, is going to change their opinion. Period. It might not even have ANYTHING to do with me.
My friend and speaking mentor Christine Cashen used to hand out surveys at the end of her programs containing boxes to check off, rating aspects of her program from 1 to 10. After several years of seeing nearly all 10’s returned from her satisfied audiences, she was surprised to see all 1’s checked off on a survey being handed to her from the last audience member to leave the room. Believing he had misunderstood the directions she smiled and said with a wink “You know, if you enjoyed the program today, the 10’s are the boxes to check off. “ He leveled a cold stare and replied, “I know. I hated the program today.” Flustered she responded, “I’m so sorry! Why did you hate the program?” He growled, “Because you remind me of my ex-wife and I hate my ex-wife.”
There is NO WAY you could ever People Please your way out of a situation like that!
So, as you continue to embrace your resolutions, strive to broaden your horizons and reach for higher heights in this bright shiny new year, remember that there MAY be people along the way who are not thrilled by your aspirations. Do not let them stand in your way. Do NOT let someone else decide what your tomorrow is going to look like.
Take a deep breath. Take it one day at a time. And take whatever time you need to secure the lock on your People Pleaser cupboard, and climb right back up on that wagon!
Thanks Tami.
From one people-pleasing Tammy to another, I can completely relate. BTW I happen to be at the end of one current “Yes” phase that I will happily end. In look forward to some me-space, even if that is the teeniest pieces!D went to the library yesterday, again
she has 2 books already, and now has another 2.
I said to J, ” How many books can D take out ?”
” 15 ” she said
“15 ” !!! I said, I am sure the last time I took books from a library it was 2 , and maybe upto 2 cassettes of music ( yes it is that long since i used my library card !!!! )
D is turning into a book fiend. But Library day is a good day in our house, ‘cos you know D will come running in shouting ” look at my books dad !! ”
Brilliant
AdvertisementsChanel and I decided we were in the holiday spirit and decided to dress for it today pic.twitter.com/ceAz78Vl38
— Coco (@cocosworld) December 13, 2015
Weeks after welcoming her newborn daughter, Chanel, first-time mom Coco Austin fired back at people criticizing her parenting skills in a series of tweets on Monday, December 14.
On Sunday, the Ice Loves Coco star posted a photo of herself with her baby girl, dolled up in green and red to mark the Christmas season. "Chanel and I decided we were in the holiday spirit and decided to dress for it today," Coco, 36, tweeted to her 1 million–plus followers.
The next day, she followed up with some new thoughts aimed at her critics. "Some comments really frustrate me at times," the fitness-loving star wrote. 
— Coco (@cocosworld) December 14, 2015
I'm totally serious when I say I love being a wife.I like the role I play..I can be crazy coco at times but I have a good heart
— Coco (@cocosworld) December 14, 2015
This isn't the first time the reality star has bit back at social media critics since she and her husband, Ice T, welcomed their daughter together on November 28. Last Friday, December 4, Coco ripped into a Facebook user who suggested she was using their baby girl for fame.
“Coco darling, don’t exploit your newborn beautiful lil angel,” the person wrote on the celeb's wall. “I say with respect honey.”
“How is this exploiting her?” Coco sniped back. “I’m proud that I’m finally a mama . . . does she not look happy?”
Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the Us Weekly iPhone app now!Photos
Indi Bali Hotel Sanur puts you within a 10-minute drive of Sanur Beach and offers an airport shuttle (available on request) for IDR 200000 per vehicle. Guests can splash around at the outdoor pool or grab a bite to eat at the coffee shop/café. A children's pool and a garden are other highlights, and all rooms offer balconies or patios and LCD TVs.Simply hides sidebar boxes (chat and invites) using CSS only. I use desktop Google Talk and don't really need the chat in Gmail.
Better Gmail does this too, BUT: it uses JS to inject the CSS, which requires extra memory. Pure CSS extensions don't even show up in task manager.
v1.3:
- updated for changes in Gmail's markup
- back to hiding chat together with invites for the ultimate sidebar cleanup
- new screenshot
My other Gmail CSS extensions:
Compact footer:
Compact sidebar:
Hide invites only:The aluminum solar road stud is widely applied in our daily life, and it is preferred by a large number of clients who need solar traffic facilities. The aluminum solar road stud is composed by the cast aluminum shell of the stud, solar panel, LEDs, battery and controller. For most of the solar road stud, the solar panel is just on the top surface of the stud itself, and it can absorb solar energy from all angles, and the receiving area is larger, which can absorb more solar energy and finish the charge process in short period. The LEDs can be on two sides of the solar road stud or on four sides of the stud, and the color of the LEDs can be different according to the needs of the clients. The colorful solar road stud at night can be a unique decoration in cities.
Compared with other solar road stud, the aluminum solar road stud has strong pressure resistance, so it can resist crashes and it can work for 3 to 5 years if it is installed properly. The LEDs on it can give out strong light, and the visual distance can be over 800 meters at night, which can avoid the happening of traffic accidents effectively. The working pattern of the solar road stud can be changed to Constantly ON or Flashing according to the needs of the clients.
The aluminum solar road stud produced by NOKIN TRAFFIC FACILITY is favored by clients all over the world, such as the NK-RS-A1 and NK-RS-D1. NOKIN can provide customized service to all the clients to produce unique road studs products. We have our own laboratory, and all the products are tested strictly in accordance with the global standards in this industry. You can e-mail us to ask for the catalogues.
Latest NewsThe Village of Curatolo
The village of Curatolo belongs to the municipality of Marsala, in the province of Trapani, region Sicilia.
The village of Curatolo is 6 Curatolo (when available).
- Weather and weather forecast for the municipality of Marsala, to whom Curatolo belongs.
- Map and road map of Curatolo.
- A selection of videos about Curatolo.
- The latest news about Curatolo, the municipality of Marsala, the province of Trapani and the Sicilia region.
Where to stay in Curatolo and its neighborhoods
Hotels, Resorts, B&B in Curatolo and its neighborhoods.
You can arrange the results by number of stars, by popularity, by distance or even by the guest review score choosing among young couples, mature couples, families with young children, families with older children, people withfriends, or solo travellers.
Free ads in Curatolo
Most recent free ads in Curatolo, municipality of Marsala, province of Trapani, Sicilia region, updated at 12:15:14, 22 May 2015. Place your free ad on Curatolo: no registration needed. Place your free ad.
Zagara Di Sicilia - Casa Vacanze Ed Enogastronomia / Holiday House And Foodwine
Map and road map of Curatolo
Look at the interactive map of Curatolo and get the road maps, the satellite maps and the mixed ones too. Interactive maps of Cur.949-831-0607
bmeyer@barternews.com
Beyond The Limits Of Cash or Credit
Platinum Sponsors:
The
weekly newsletter for everyone interested in barter--the world's most
versatile business tool!
March
5, 2002
Detwiler
Says Barter Business Is Booming!
Fred
Detwiler, President of Detroit's Trade Exchange of America, declares
that business has never been better. The 5,000 member trade exchange
reports a 25% increase in income and trade volume over the past twelve
months. "Innovative business minds turn to barter," Detwiler
exclaimed, "when businesses are conserving their cash resources
during a faltering economy."
Trade
Exchange of America operates multiple regional offices in Michigan,
Ohio and Florida. Detwiler is a founding member of the International
Reciprocal Trade Association. For more information go to.
Door
Opened For Further Mergers Of Broadcast Media
We
can look for further consolidation efforts among the media as rules
against regulation were struck down by a federal appeals court last
month. This means that ownership by big media companies, of cable systems
and local broadcasters in the same market, can now take place.
In
short, the new ruling will make it easier for the networks to continue
buying as many of these highly profitable local broadcast stations (their
affiliates) as possible.
Consolidation
within the media industry is still behind that of such industries as
pharmaceuticals and aerospace. There's now 100 media companies worldwide
with more than $1 billion a year in revenue. It's expected that consolidation
will create media platforms with the leverage and scale to introduce
services widely and economically.
For
the barter industry this consolidation is a two-edged sword. Ownership
of more inventory (stations) does consolidate management, making a relationship
that much more valuable. However, it can also reduce possible sales
opportunities, if one is unable to work with the management. Furthermore,
consolidation can lessen competition in certain markets, which makes
for a tougher sell.
FASB
Changing Synthetic Lease Rule
The
Financial Accounting Standards Board sets the "generally accepted
accounting principles" used by U.S. corporations. And they're talking
action on a financing vehicle--synthetic leases--that has been used
to hide real estate loans, and is considered to be a contributor to
Enron's collapse.
In
short, such a lease provided the tax benefits of real estate ownership
while keeping the debt off the company's books. This obscures the extent
of a firm's liabilities and exposes it to interest-rate risks.
Currently
synthetic leases are used by more than 2,000 companies in the US, which
means they will have to add more than $100 billion in debts to their
books (cumulatively) after the new regulations are passed.
Here
And There. . .Snowplow Safety Starts With You
Snowplow season is here!
The Northeastern Minnesota Department of Transportation asks for drivers to use caution and safety when encountering snowplows this season. Several dangerous encounters between snowplows and motor vehicles have already been reported – and winter is just beginning.
MnDOT reminds drivers that snow plows can be twice as wide as a semi-truck, and they have plows that extend 12 to 15 feet out in front of the truck and have side “wing” plows that extend 8 to 10 feet from the side.
Supervisors share that their drivers have food driving skills, but snowplow safety starts with everyone. Be patient. Stay back. Stay alert. Slow down.
For additional tips and information, click here.Chill, Vol.2
- CD
- Artist: Various Artists
- Genre: Electronic
- Release Date: 4/1/2003
Abstrakt Reality presents more laid back jazzy grooves created by artists from Japan, England, the U.S. and Sweden. This compilation features more vocals than it's predecessor and it has a more atmospheric nature. It's no ambient "background music" CD - it will definitely capture your attention and expose you to some of the freshest producers/musicians on the scene today.
To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your version of Flash Player.
Get ADOBE® FLASH® Player.As of mid-morning on Thursday, gold and silver spot values are, surprisingly enough, edging noticeably higher. The European Central Bank just recently wrapped up their monthly policy meeting, and much like the market expected, they announced new monetary stimulus measures to be implemented in the near future. The US Dollar is also making significant gains this morning, though that is to be expected considering how the ECB’s decision has thus far affected the euro currency.
The market’s collective attention has now shifted to tomorrow’s US employment report for May. After yesterday’s ADP report fell far short of market expectations, it is expected that tomorrow’s data will be none too different.
It came as no surprise when it was announced that the European Central Bank would pursue fresh monetary stimulus measures in order to combat rising deflationary pressures. The European Central Bank decided that they would reduce the refinancing rate across Europe by 10 basis points and also introduced a -.1% deposit rate. The euro is now sitting at a 4 month low, though this was widely expected to happen in the wake of new stimulus measures.
What is interesting, however, is the fact that gold and silver spot values are edging higher despite the US Dollar doing the same. Some market experts feel that gold and silver’s positive response to the ECB’s decision has to do with investors already factoring in stimulus ahead of time. Though metals are edging higher now, it will be interesting to see how they will fare over the coming days and weeks.
Rounding out the week is tomorrow’s US non-farm employment report for May. Should tomorrow’s data show sub-par job growth in line with yesterday’s ADP report it is more than likely that gold and silver will receive another boost. The Bank of England also held their monthly policy meeting today, but nothing noteworthy came as a result.
Opt-in to the BuySilverOnline.org newsletter to receive breaking market news, silver updates, and the best dealer promotions and product specials. We will NEVER spam you.The, Radisic of the Faculty of Applied Science & Engineering.
Read full U of T News story.**Submitted
On a very wet cool night, five hardy riders braved the elements to complete the 2km run, 8km bike and 2km run at Baldonnel School. Times are generally slower in the rain however Rob Churchill still had a personal season best of 40:21. In first place for the evening Owen Giebelhaus at 36:30, Gord Harris at 36:31, Lisa Verbisky in at 39:39, Rob Churchill 40:21 and Lucie Brain 42:06.
For more information on the Blizzard Bike Club and it’s many events scheduled for this summer check in at Ferris Fast Cycles located near Max’s Fitness on 95Ave.Pumpkin Pie
Prep Time: 30 min. Cook Time: 40 min.
Ingredients
Filling
1 pound fresh pumpkin, cubed (preferably a Cinderella Pumpkin)
5 tablespoons mascarpone cheese
2 tablespoons heavy cream
1 stick unsalted butter
1/2 cup brown sugar
2 teaspoons cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1 teaspoon crystallized ginger (optional)
Crust
1/2 cup shortening
1/4 cup hot water
1 tablespoon whole milk
2 1/2 cups flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon brown sugar
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon ginger
1/2 teaspoon nutmeg
To cube a pumpkin, see the page for Cutting an Acorn Squash in the Cooking With Weston Recipe Book. Simmer the cubed pumpkin in 4 tablespoons of unsalted butter until soft. Pour into the Roma by Weston La Petite Food Strainer with the remaining ingredients. Chill in the refrigerator while you prepare the pie crust.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Sift together flour, salt, brown sugar, cinnamon, ginger, and nutmeg. Place shortening in a large bowl. Pour hot water and milk over the shortening and beat together. Add the dry mixture and beat until dough forms. Roll out and spread over a pie tin.
Pre cook the crust until hot to the touch. Pour filling into crust and bake for 40 minutes, or until filling is firm. Let cool on a cooling rack. Sprinkle with crystallized ginger, a pinch of cinnamon, and a pinch of brown sugar. To preserve, put pie into a Weston Vacuum Dome and place in the refrigerator.Engel Statement on Terrorist Attack in Iran
WASHINGTON—Representative Eliot L. Engel, Ranking Member of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, today made the following statement:
“I condemn the terrorist attack in Tehran—as I would any terrorist attack—and extend my condolences to all affected by this senseless violence. Terrorism can never be tolerated, no matter where it takes place. I've long said that America's quarrel is not with the people of Iran but with the Iranian regime. No people anywhere should have to live under the threat of violent extremism—whether this attack or the terrorism supported by the regime in Tehran.
“As Iranian authorities work to recover from this attack, I hope they understand the cost that they are inflicting on other countries as a sponsor of terrorism. This violence accomplishes nothing but pain and suffering, and will remain a stumbling block to security and stability.”
###Spring Chicken: Birthday Celebrations!
By Honey on Apr 2, 2009 in Featured, Life | comments(10)
So I totally missed the deadline for DM’s Spring Fling blogging contest – work has been crazy – how is it my problem that the day before a deadline everyone who was supposed to submit an annual review didn’t know how to combine multiple documents into a single PDF file? Sigh. However, I mentioned it was the BF’s birthday, and since a) he’s a spring chicken/Aries and I wanted you all to know how it ended up going down anyway, I thought I’d combine the two occasions into one fabulous post. ContinuedAre you considering merging with or acquiring another company? If so, you need to carefully plan your merger or acquisition to protect your financial prosperity. Leverage sound financial evidence to know and prove that you are making the best possible decision for your company. Show stakeholders that your merger or acquisition will position your company for financial success. Regardless of your next steps, get the right purchase price.
Keep this blog in mind when you are pursuing growth. Avoid excessive risk without sacrificing lucrative opportunities. If you need more information on how to secure a profitable growth opportunity, contact our Transaction Advisory Services Team to arrange a strategic planning session.
Find a Great Fit with Objective Advice
- Price is not the only thing to consider when acquiring or merging with a new company
- Take into consideration why either step makes sense in regards to your financials, brand, and future growth potential
- Do not grow simply for the sake of growth: Position your company for long-term sustainability with strategic acquisitions and mergers that add more than financial value to your company
- Consider your stakeholders’ priorities and whether or not your decision will enhance or compromise these relationships
- A professional accounting firm will help you to objectively establish your best interests by leveraging facts, figures, and precedents to better predict your success
Secure the Right Price with the Necessary Precautions
- An accountant advocates with facts to get you the price that will work within your company’s financial limitations
- You need a comprehensive financial diligence of both companies to better inform your decision and to avoid unforeseen risks
- This diligence will include a tax analysis, an operational analysis, reviews of balance sheets, and a summary of investments, assets and liabilities
- Has the company complied with tax regulations, what are their tax rates and liabilities?
- Will you be able to liquidate their assets? What has depreciation done to the value of their investments?
- What do their accounts receivable look like? Are they plagued with loss contingencies or do they have a lucrative client list?
- The main goal of these audits will be to determine: Should you buy and what price should you pay?
- Don’t get overwhelmed by the external glitz and glam of a potential partner or acquisition, you need to fully understand what risks a company is burdened with to truly understand its earning potential
Get Security & Stability from the Start
- Avoid a taxation nightmare: Make sure that the company you are hoping to merge with or acquire has been adhering to their location’s taxation rules and regulations
- Make sure that merging your taxation, financial and operational processes is a feasible option that will not cause havoc down the road
- An accounting team will review the target company’s tax situation and advise you regarding the necessary actions to align your companies or avoid incurring penalties after you have acquired their financials
- Knowledge is power: pre-emptively knowing these important details may give you the opportunity to create contracts that mitigate potential financial risks and secure you a fair purchase price that properly accounts for short- and long-term liabilities
Set Yourself Up for Success
- Get the post-acquisition/merger help that you need to increase the efficiency and enhance the results of your company’s transition
- Get objective advice from experienced accountants who know what operational structures work and which ones do not for a wide variety of industries
- Strategic accountants will help to manage and properly document organizational changes, tax planning adjustments, new financial reports, and so much more
Don’t get caught up in the accounting and administrative details. Get back to focusing on furthering your company’s success by securing the help of seasoned accountants. An accounting team who collaborates with you throughout a merger or acquisition will keep you well-informed and well-prepared long after the agreements have been signed. If you are looking towards growth and you want to take all of the necessary precautions to protect your success, contact Hogg, Shain & Scheck for the right mergers and acquisition guidance.How do you replace the rear struts on 2003 ford taurus...do they have ball joints in the rear?
2 Answers
No balljoints. Jack it up, unhook rear sway bar link from strut, unhook flexible hose bracket from strut, remove large bolt from bottom of strut, force rear wheel assembly down and off of strut assembly (some lube helps), that should be it for the bottom of the strut. The upper bolts are under the rear package tray, so you'll have to remove the rear seat and the package tray, remove the nuts, go back outside, slide out the strut and reverse the procedure with the new assembly.
that is a pretty accurate answer, so just confirming the top....A new Knights of Columbus-Marist poll shows that the American public is more and more frustrated by the tone of our politics. According to the July 2012 survey, 78 percent of Americans say they’re “frustrated” with our politics; 74 percent think that the tone of political campaigns has “gotten more negative” over past election cycles. They say that the American discourse is “mostly uncivil and disrespectful” by a 56 to 37 percent margin.
Some of this is true – America’s political campaigning season is generally a time during which slurs are tossed about easily and frequently. And President Obama is a pro at negative campaigning.
But by the same token, historically, American politics has rarely been this civil. At the outset of the republic, political dissidents were frequently tarred and feathered – literally. During the lead-up to the Civil War, Senators caned each other on the floor of Congress. Now, we’re worried about “incivility” when Congresspeople call each other nasty names in campaign ads.
The give-and-take of American politics is not supposed to be civil. That’s why the founders knew that the First Amendment had to be enshrined – if politics were easy and everybody got along, there’d be no need for constitutional protections. Calls for political civility are often misguided. Instead, Americans must embrace the frictional nature of politics, and see it as a beautiful and chaotic example of what makes our system of government the longest-lasting republic on the planet.
Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page.Created by OnePlusYou - Free Online Dating
Which is a laugh if you're around me in meatspace. Plus considering the next post, even by myself the air was blue.
H/T Tam
Hedonistic musings from the rural point of view
We do not rent pigs
Well, feed the French and kill the Germans
You made my sphincter eat my underpants
4 comments:
Well fuck me running! I only got a god-damn shitty 2.3 percent. That really pisses me off. I mean, what the hell? What sort of a cocksucking rating is that?
I know - Jesus H. Christ on a pogo stick! They should have this goddamn thing stuck up their ass sideways, without a reach around. Dirty fuckers, anyway.
I received a saintly zero percent. :)
I got 0%, too. Well, I guess "demmit" doesn't count. It prolly doesn't pick up other substitute words or character substitutions like "cr@p", "sh#t" or "f#ck". Not that I've used those on my blog. I only use those in emails :-)
D@mn.The Egyptian Revolution is a perfect case study for both the power and the limits of nonviolent mass movements.
Posts Tagged: Egyptian military
In fact, the military’s claims that Egyptian protesters sought an end to the experiment in democracy are highly doubtful.
Though the Egyptian military is painting itself as a guardian of stability and democracy, there is ample reason to believe it will bring neither.just to feeding the world development of art science activities
in reserves, marine sanctuaries and other natural parks
there have been major art science practices in the antarctic
over the last 20 years
The US NSF has been funding
here is the upcoming conference in two weeks
2015 Arctic Science Conference
The 2015 Arctic Science Conference will be held October 1st—3rd in
Anchorage, Alaska.
The conference theme is Healthy Estuaries: Sustainability and Resilience.
Annie Duffy tells us about
"Northern Environment and the Arts" session and here are the planned talks:
"Polar Lab: Giving the North a Voice"
Julie Decker, Anchorage Museum
"The Arts and Rural Alaskan Community Landscapes"*
Shannon Daut and Saunders McNeil, Alaska State Council on the Arts
*Tentative Title
"Practicing Sustainable Art in the Arctic: Two Case Studies"
Herminia Din, University of Alaska Anchorage
"Alternative Photographic Processes Encompassing Cultural Alaskan Substrates"
Alyssa Enriquez, University of Alaska Fairbanks
"Perspectives: Examining Complex Ecological Dynamics through Arts,
Humanities and Science Integration. A Post-Workshop Overview"
Annie Duffy, University of Alaska FairbanksUNENDING SMILES
Unmistakable smiles. Unconditional love. Unwavering strength. Unselfish servant hood. Unbreakable relationships. Unending fellowship with each other and with Jesus Himself. Unified hearts, spirits and lives. That is Mawanga.
I can’t seem to find the words to adequately describe my experience in Mawanga but I will try. My vision of the village and what I imagined it would be, didn’t quite meet up to what I experienced. I was stretched, challenged, humbled, strengthened, loved on, embraced, shown grace, mercy, and so much more that I could ever imagined.
From the first steps on the beautiful dirt, to the tears I left behind, I know one thing is for sure…God is moving among the people there. For me to catch a glimpse of His work was such a privilege and honor.
I have so many stories from the village. Journey with me to the remote village in eastern Uganda….We would be welcomed by friendly animals such as the cows, goats, chickens, lizards, the loud birds, and the lovely rats that paid a nightly visit as I dosed off the sleep..but that’s just the beginning. Then we would meet the individuals that make up the Mawanga community- and listen to the testimonies of the hundreds of lives ROWAN is impacting; which include a group of about 30-50 of the most beautiful and strong widows I have every met. Not to mention, 100 plus orphans who are being ministered to throughout the week, and the amazing local ROWAN staff who give their time sacrificially every day. They serve, love, and empower the people of Mawanga with the ability and vision that God gives to them. We would go together on a motorcycle within the 30 villages that ROWAN reaches to sit and encourage people living with HIV in their homes, we would prepare the garden for planting dozens of passion fruit trees, we would visit the adult literacy class that serves 80 community members weekly, and learn patience from the widows that make bead necklaces out of paper! After this long day, we would barely even notice the rats as we fall fast asleep under our mosquito nets!
One of my most memorable experiences was meeting all the secondary students (high school) and hearing about their dreams and goals! In addition, I got to teach songs to the young children, and walk around the land that we believe the Lord will give us one day for a school. But even with all of these incredible memories and, I had found something even greater. I realized that the more time I spent in Mawanga, the more I got to SEE Jesus.
From the preparation state I was encouraged to go with an openness of the heart, soul, and mind. I was challenged to OPEN my eyes and SEE. So many times we can go watch and look from afar, but when you are aware and you stop to SEE what is right in front of you, it changes everything. Each time I went to Mawanga, I wanted to see what Jesus wanted me to see. I prayed that He would show me who to see with spiritual eyes, who needs to be loved, touched, and given value and hope. I desired to see beyond what I could physically see. I can’t tell you how that changed me. I saw Jesus do so many things…I saw how He is bringing tangible HOPE to people. I saw how He reaches down and carries the weary. I saw how He supports and provides for the widows. I saw how He is restoring relationships, bringing community and fellowship into a place that has been so desperate for it. I saw how He has brought smiles of joy back on the faces of so many who have felt helpless in the past. I realized that when I was willing to go where He called me, He welcomed me into a family that loves radically and unconditionally. I saw how Jesus is healing, making all things new, and drawing each person to Himself. I saw how alive Jesus is and dwelling there in Mawanga. I saw how much more Jesus’ love is for me.
I cannot think of a more beautiful place to have spent my time. There is life, freedom, and HOPE rising! I’m so grateful for the opportunity to have come alongside ROWAN and everyone involved! I am looking forward to many more moments in the village as I plan to go back in April. Time to head back to my second home. Wanna come visit?
Developer Turn 10 Studios has released a new gameplay trailer for their upcoming release Forza Horizon.
The game will take players to the beautiful scenery of Colorado for the Horizon festival–a celebration of music and racing on which Forza Horizon is centered. The new gameplay trailer not only shows off the impressive gameplay you can experience when the game releases on October 23, 2012, but it also announces the release of a Forza Horizon demo for Xbox LIVE on October 9, 2012. The demo will contain many ways to play including the new Rivals Mode, and players who download the Forza Horizon demo can enjoy a special 2013 SRT Viper GTS for free when they purchase the full version of the game later this month. Check out this pulse-pounding new trailer below to learn more about Forza Horizon and start your engines for this exciting new title! Forza Horizon is now available for preorder from most major retailers for the MSRP of $59.99 and is scheduled to release exclusively for Xbox 360 on October 23, 2012. Forza Horizon is rated T by the ESRB for Drug Reference, Language & Suggestive Themes. For more information on the game, check out the official Forza Horizon website.
Article from Gamersyndrome.com
Related posts:- a lovely welcome from Dennis
- the church service at Toowong Uniting
- having a tasty morning tea at the McKinnon's- Laura calling me "Lot lot"
- Daniel enjoying new apps on his iphone
- a late lunch of bbq chicken and avocado
- a loan mobile phone from the Cromes
- watching cricket and tennis on tvBBC Melvyn Bragg on Class and Culture 3of3 HDTV x264 AAC MVGroup org mkv [eztv]
Seeders : 70 Leechers : 139
Note :Please Update (Trackers Info) Before Downloading Torrents to See Updated Seeders And Leechers for Batter Download Speed.
Trackers List
Torrent File Content (1 file)
BBC.Melvyn.Bragg.on.Class.and.Culture.3of3.HDTV.x264.AAC.MVGroup.org.mkv -
1.56 GB
Description
EZTV Verified torrent
Show Name: BBC Melvyn Bragg on Class and Culture 3">
Spouses/Children:
Amelia Constance Lilyian STEPHENS
Charles married Amelia Constance Lilyian STEPHENS, daughter of William James STEPHENS and Eliza BENTLEY-PAYNE, in 1928. (Amelia Constance Lilyian STEPHENS was born on 3 Oct 1886 in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia and died on 16 May 1984 in Morrinsville, Waikato, New Zealand.)
This site is a member of WebRing.
To browse visit
here.
Home | Table of Contents | Surnames | Name List
This Web Site was Created 29 Jun 2014 with Legacy 8.0 from MillenniaAndrews nuke waste dump gets first batch
ANDREWS — near Andrews.
McDonald said.
The dump site will be the final resting place for low-level radioactive waste from 38 states. A separate site nearby will handle radioactive waste from federal sites around the country.
Environmental groups are concerned over geology at the site and the potential to contaminate underground water sources they say are too close.
The site is near Andrews, about 375 miles west of Dallas.
• ASSOCIATED PRESS
I do not believe that only low level radioactive waste will go in that nuke dump and anyone who does is more naive than most. Wait til the federal nuke waste comes in, West Texas will glow like neon in the night sky. The feds are notorious about non disclosure when it comes to nuclear waste. Harry Reid won and our hick legislators and Hance got us the distinction of becoming the nation's toilet for nuke waste. Thank you Hance and your buddy Simmons and Frullo, Perry, Duncan, Landtroop and others. You guys suck!The use of a metal container for vitrification of mouse ovaries, as a clinical grade model for human ovarian tissue cryopreservation, after different times and temperatures of transport
- Adriana Bos-Mikich,
- Lis Marques,
- José Luiz Rodrigues,
- Nívia Lothhammer,
- Nilo Frantz
- … show all 5 hide
* Final gross prices may vary according to local VAT.Get Access
Abstract
Purpose
Cryopreservation of ovarian tissue is paramount for fertility preservation, with important clinical applications, especially for women suffering from an oncological condition. Several cryopreservation methodologies have been tried in search of better outcomes, especially in terms of primor-dial and primary follicles integrity post-cryopreservation. Vitrification has successfully been applied to ovarian tissue using different carriers for tissue exposure to the liquid nitrogen (LN2).
Methods
We developed an enclosed metal vessel, which has the advantage of a faster heat transfer, when in contact with LN2 avoiding at the same time, the direct contact with tissue. Additionally, we assessed the effect of different times and temperatures of transport between the collection of mouse ovaries and the beginning of cryopreservation, on follicular morphology after vitrification.
Results
Our results suggest that 37 °C and R.T. help to maintain normal primordial and primary follicle morphology for up to 4 hrs after collection and beginning of vitrification in a metal container.
Conclusion
These data show that the metal container is an appropriate carrier for mouse ovary vitrification. The rate of morphologically normal primordial follicles up to 4 hrs.
-: pp. 1287-1293 CrossRef
- Almodin, CG, Minguetti-Camara, VC, Meister, H, Ceschin, AP, Kriger, E, Ferreira, JO (2004) Recovery of natural fertility after grafting of cryopreserved germinative tissue in ewes subjected to radiotherapy. Fertil Steril 81: pp. 160-164 CrossRef
- Andersen, CY, Rosendahl, M, Byskov, AG, Loft, A, Ottosen, C, Dueholm, M, Schmidt, KL, Andersen, AN, Ernst, E (2008) Two successful pregnancies following autotransplantation of frozen/thawed ovarian tissue. Hum Reprod 23: pp. 2266-2272 CrossRef
- Chen, SU, Chien, CL, Wu, MY, Chen, TH, Lai, SM, Lin, CW (2006) Novel direct cover vitrification for cryopreservation of ovarian tissues increases follicle viability and pregnancy capability in mice. Hum Reprod 21: pp. 2794-2800 CrossRef
- Choi, JY, Lee, J-Y, Lee, EY, Yoon, B-K, Boe, DS, Choi, DS (2007) Cryopreservation of the mouse ovary inhibits the onset of primordial follicle development. Cryobiology 54: pp. 55-62 CrossRef
- Donnez, J, Dolmans, MM, Demylle, D, Jadoul, P, Pirard, C, Squifflet, J, Martinez-Madrid, B, Langendonckt, A (2004) Livebirth after orthotopic transplantation of cryopreserved ovarian tissue. Lancet 364: pp. 1405-1410 CrossRef
- Ferreira, M, Bos-Mikich, A, Frantz, N, Rodrigues, JL, Brunetto, AL, Schwartsmann, G (2009) The effects of sample size on the outcome of ovarian tissue cryopreservation. Reprod Dom Anim 45: pp. 99-102 CrossRef
- Gandolfi, F, Paffoni, A, Papasso Brambilla, E, Bonetti, S, Brevini, TA, Ragni, G (2006) Efficiency of equilibrium cooling and vitrification procedures for the cryopreservation of ovarian tissue: comparative analysis between human and animal models. Fertil Steril 85: pp. 1150-1156 CrossRef
- Henry, L, Fransolet, M, Labied, S, Blacher, S, Munaut, C, Colige, A, Kirschvink, N, Noël, A, Nisolle, M, Foidart, J-M (2011) Does isoforms 111 and 165 of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF111 and 165) improve transplanted ovarian tissue survival?. J Assist Reprod Genet 28: pp. 1007-1024 CrossRef
- Isachenko, V, Lapidus, I, Isachenko, E, Krivokharchenko, A, Kreienberg, R, Woriedh, M, Bader, M, Weiss, JM (2009) Human ovarian tissue vitrification versus conventional freezing: morphological, endocrinological, and molecular biological evaluation. Reproduction 138: pp. 319-327 CrossRef
- Jeremias, E, Bedaiwy, MA, Nelson, D, Biscotti, CV, Falcone, T (2003) Assessment of tissue injury in cryopreserved ovarian tissue. Fertil Steril 79: pp. 651-653 CrossRef
- Jin, SY, Lei, L, Shea, LD, Zelinski, MB, Stouffer, RL, Woodruff, TK (2010) Markers of growth and development in primate primordial follicles are preserved after slow cryopreservation. Fertil Steril 93: pp. 2627-2632 CrossRef
- Keros, V, Xella, S, Hultenby, K, Pettersson, K, Sheikhi, M, Volpe, A, Hreinsson, J, Hovatta, O (2009) Vitrification versus controlled-rate freezing in cryopreservation of human ovarian tissue. Hum Reprod 24: pp. 1670-1683 CrossRef
- Labied, S, Delforges, Y, Blacher, S, Munaut, C, Signole, N, Colige, A, Janssen, L, Henry, L, d’Hauterive, SP, Jouan, C, Kirschvink, N, Noël, A, Nisolle, M, Foidart, J-M (2011) Isoform 111 of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF111) improves angiogenesis of ovarian tissue xenotransplantation. J Assist Reprod Genet 28: pp. 1007-1024 CrossRef
--321 CrossRef
- Migishima, F, Suzuki-Migishima, R, Song, SY, Kuramochi, T, Azuma, S, Nishijimi, M (2003) Successful cryopreservation of mouse ovaries by vitrification. Biol Reprod 68: pp. 881-887 CrossRef
- Sheikhi, M, Hultenby, K, Niklasson, B, Lundqvist, M, Hovatta, O (2011) Clinical grade vitrification of human ovarian tissue: an ultrastructural analysis of follicles and stroma in vitrified tissue. Hum Reprod 26: pp. 594-603 CrossRef
- Shikanov, A, Zhang, Z, Xu, M, Smith, RM, Rajan, A, Woodruff, TK, Shea, LD (2011) Fibrin encapsulation and vascular endothelial growth factor delivery promotes ovarian graft survival in mice. Tissue Eng Part A 17: pp. 3095-3104 CrossRef
- Sugimoto, M, Maeda, S, Manabe, N, Miyamoto, H (2000) Development of infantile rat ovaries autotransplanted after cryopreservation by vitrification. Theriogeneology 53: pp. 1093-1103 CrossRef
- Ting, AY, Yeoman, RR, Lawson, MS, Zelinski, MB (2011) In vitro development of secondary follicles from cryopreserved rhesus macaque ovarian tissue after slow-rate freeze or vitrification. Hum Reprod 26: pp. 2461-2472 CrossRef
- Tokieda, Y, Ishiwata, I, Segino, M, Ishikawa, H, Sato, K (2002) Establishment of a novel method for cryopreservation and thawing of the mouse ovary. Hum Cell 15: pp. 230-237 CrossRef
- treatment. Eur J Cancer 45: pp. 1547-1553 CrossRef
- Title
- The use of a metal container for vitrification of mouse ovaries, as a clinical grade model for human ovarian tissue cryopreservation, after different times and temperatures of transport
- Journal
- Journal of Assisted Reproduction and Genetics
Volume 29, Issue 11 , pp 1267-1271
- Cover Date
- 2012-11-01
- DOI
- 10.1007/s10815-012-9867-y
- Print ISSN
- 1058-0468
- Online ISSN
- 1573-7330
- Publisher
- Springer US
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Keywords
- Metal container
- Vitrification
- Ovaries
- Industry Sectors
-
- Authors
- Adriana Bos-Mikich
(1)
- Lis Marques (2)
- José Luiz Rodrigues (2)
- Nívia Lothhammer (1)
- Nilo Frantz (3)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Department of Morphological Sciences, ICBS, Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, CEP: 90.050-170, Porto Alegre, RS, Brazil
- 2. Reproduction Biotechnologies Laboratory, Veterinay School, Federal University of Rio Grande do Sul, Porto Alegre, RS, Brazil
- 3. Nilo Frantz Research and Human Reproduction Centre, CEP: 90.480-003, Porto Alegre, RS, Brazilits analysis,” he said. It gives users of VirusTotal a way to make more granular decisions about exactly how malicious a particular file might be, rather than the simple “pass” or “fail” metrics that are currently available.
At least two other security vendors who found themselves similarly excluded from VirusTotal earlier this year are expected to integrate their scanning engines with the service, Reuters reported Thursday. More are likely to follow suit soon in moves that could boost overall malware protection for users, the news agency said, quoting anonymous sources close to the matter.
The Google-owned VirusTotal is a collaborative multi-engine virus-scanning service. It allows subscribers, which include many of the biggest vendors of anti-malware products, to submit a suspicious file and have it scanned against multiple engines to see how many of the engines flag the file as malware.
Anti-malware software vendors have used VirusTotal for years to detect new malware samples and to develop signatures against them for use in their own products.
In May, VirusTotal dropped a bombshell when it abruptly announced a change in its terms by requiring all subscribers to integrate their own detection scanners with the service in order to receive antivirus results from it.
VirusTotal said the change was needed to ensure that all vendors benefiting from the service also contributed to it.
The decision exposed a rift in the industry between some vendors of traditional signature-based antivirus products like Symantec and Trend Micro and vendors of signature-less products like CrowdStrike, SentinelOne, Palo Alto Networks, and others.
All of the scanning engines in VirusTotal are from the vendors of signature-based products. Their argument was that VirusTotal gave vendors of next-generation products an easy way to determine if files were malicious or not without having to do anything to make that determination on their own. While newer vendors disparaged older signature-based tools, they were still benefiting from the results generated by the older products via their subscription to VirusTotal, some older vendors maintained.
“There are a number of endpoint products that use VirusTotal to determine if a file is malicious,” without contributing back to the community, Malwarebytes board member Alex Eckelberry had noted in a blog post following the policy change.
“The people who are actually writing detections are sharing their results with the rest of the community, while a small group of endpoint products have been boasting of their extraordinary abilities, while working off the backs of other researchers,” Eckelberry had said.
Initially at least some of the younger anti-malware software vendors brushed aside the VirusTotal policy change as a non-event and downplayed the suggestion that they were unfairly benefiting from the service while giving nothing back. Several claimed that their products were based on completely different approaches to malware detection and therefore were not impacted by the exclusion from VirusTotal.
This week’s move by CrowdStrike, and the reported moves by two other vendors, suggest that a rapprochement between the two sides may be atby Jim Ridley
In the space of about six hours yesterday, a movie went from express-rush oblivion to cause célèbre. It's called Margaret.
Movies slip into obscurity all the time, some with remarkably big names attached. A search party couldn't find the recent home-invasion thriller Trespass in theaters, even with Nicole Kidman and Nicolas Cage starring. The culprits can range from awkward marketing to studio politics to behind-the-scenes shifts in distributor or film ownership.
But Margaret is a case story unto itself. Its writer-director, Kenneth Lonergan, was following up one of the best debut films of the decade, the comedy-drama You Can Count on Me. Margaret was shot in 2005, then spent the next several years in a limbo of lawsuits, negotiations and edits, with no less an intermediary than Martin Scorsese supervising one cut. (That's why star Anna Paquin looks significantly younger than her True Blood self today.)
Despite a cast that includes Matt Damon and Mark Ruffalo — and in what's said to be an unforgettable one-scene role, Allison Janney — Margaret got the kind of contractual-obligation release reserved for pay-per-view-here-we-come clunkers. It played a handful of major markets briefly in October, and as of Oct. 23 the estimated $14 million production had grossed $46,495. By November, it seemed headed straight for the dustbin.
Until now.
Yesterday, an online meme started a groundswell of support behind the film from critics making their year-end Top 10 lists. A petition started by critic Jaime Christley at Change.org (following the lead, he writes, of Time Out Chicago's Ben Kenigsberg) beseeches distributor Fox Searchlight to make the film available to members of voting organizations, whose year-end awards can give overlooked movies a second life (and help raise consideration for Oscar nominations).
In just its first 90 minutes yesterday afternoon, the petition had already attracted 112 names. It's now at 355 and counting, including the names of Ruffalo and critics representing publications as diverse as The New Yorker, Christianity Today and Slate.
Is the movie good? An examination of post-9/11 morality and personal responsibility centering on a student (Paquin) who witnesses a horrific accident, it received mixed-to-poor reviews that suggested Lonergan's ambitions hadn't survived the movie's torturous post-production history. (Here's Salon: "a fascinating, half-brilliant disaster.") But the many champions of the film coming forward (among them Scene contributors Jason Shawhan, Bilge Ebiri and Mike D'Angelo, who saw it in one of the few cities it played) counter that flaws and all, it's among the year's most ambitious and exciting movies — and deserving of far better than getting dumped and forgotten.
So far, efforts to see Margaret in Nashville have been rebuffed. We'll let you know when that changes.
Showing 1-1 of 1Thriving in 'pen, Moylan notches save vs. Mets
Thriving in 'pen, Moylan notches save vs. Mets
."
Now Commenting On:Blackboard Jungle 3Wednesday, March 24th, 2010
The 21st Century Classroom is a complex, diverse and multifaceted space for teaching and learning. The third annual Blackboard Jungle Symposium, designed for higher education and K-12 educators and administrators, addresses some of the challenges and emerging approaches used to navigate integration, equality, social justice and cultural competence in the classroom.
Join keynote speakers Dr. James A. Anderson, Dr. Sonia Nieto, Dr. Carlos E. Cortes, and Dr. Angela Y. Davis at this extraordinary three-day event (March 25-27, 2010).
Sample titles by keynote presenters, in the Bailey-Howe Library:
James A. Anderson
Handbook for the assessment of diversity
The unfinished agenda of Brown v. Board of Education by the editors of Black issues in higher education with James Anderson and Dara N. Byrne
Carlos E. Cortes
The children are watching : how the media teach about diversity
The making and remaking of a multiculturalist
Angela Davis
Affirming diversity : the sociopolitical context of multicultural education
Why we teach edited by Sonia NietoThe Tea Party scored another electoral victory in a Republican Congressional primary in Florida on Tuesday. In a special election caused by the resignation of disgraced former Rep Trey Radel (R-FL), Tea Party-backed Curt Clawson, a relatively unknown businessman, won a decisive victory that makes him the odds-on favorite to be the next member of the House of Representatives from Florida’s 19th Congressional District.
As the Tampa Bay Tribune reported, “Clawson, 54, pitched himself as an outsider against more established candidates and was embraced by the tea party. He poured more than $2 million into television ads. In one, the former Purdue basketball player challenged President Barack Obama to a three-point contest.”
Clawson defeated state Senator Lizbeth Benacquisto, who finished in second place, and several other challengers.
With 38 percent of the vote, Clawson secured the plurality needed to obtain the GOP nomination. He will now face Democratic nominee April Freeman in a June 24 general election. Since the district is solidly Republican, Clawson is likely to win that race, only to face another election for a full two year term in November.
Clawson was supported by Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) and Tea Party Express, among other Tea Party groups.
Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page.25 Round Hot Lips Clear Magazine 10/22by Butler Creek
Similar Items
Details
ITEM#: 15555903The Butler Creel Hot lips magazine for your 10/22 features efficient feeding and reloading. Complete with a clip together for serious firepower and economical use.
- Brand: Butler Creek
- Model: Hot Lips
- Materials: Plastic
- Color: Clear
- Dimensions: 1.62 inches long x 5.25 inches wide x 11 inches high
- Weight: 0.39375
this product is poorly constructed.<<3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects
Derek Henry.
Often called Indian Frankincense, boswellia originates in the dry areas of India, Africa, and the Mediterranean. It is a remarkable plant and is becoming better known for its anti-inflammatory properties. Inflammation is the root of chronic pain. The unique acids (boswellic acids) block the overproduction of cytokinetic activity in damaged tissues while enhancing blood flow to the joints. This combination has also been shown to increase joint mobility and loosen stiff joints.
Boswellia has shown great success at reducing inflammatory conditions such as Crohn's, rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ulcerative colitis, and other painful conditions. Many studies have shown that it is as effective as NSAID's, which are the most commonly prescribed drug for issues related to inflammation and chronic pain.
Turmeric
Another powerful anti-inflammatory food with exceptional pain relief properties, turmeric is an ancient spice commonly used in Indian and Asian cuisine. Turmeric has shown to work better than many other pain-killing drugs at relieving arthritis, joint pain, stiffness, muscle spasms, and other chronic pain conditions.
A natural painkiller and COX-2 inhibitor, turmeric has been shown to be a safe and effective remedy due to its ability to not only stop inflammation, but to suppress nerve related pain as well. This makes it exceptional for those who suffer from fibromyalgia.
Astaxanthin
Astaxanthin (asta-zan-thin) is a deep red coloured phytonutrient synthesized by microalgae called Haematococcus, and is also known as the "King of Carotenoids". It's grown in fresh water using sophisticated techniques that encourage the algae to grow its own powerful medicines protecting it from oxidation, UV radiation, and other environmental stressors.
Even though astaxanthin may not be as powerful as leading pharmaceutical anti-inflammatories, it is found to be one of the strongest ones in nature. Several double blind, placebo controlled animal and clinical trials shows that astaxanthin naturally inhibits many of the known inflammation mediators, which eases inflammation and pain without side effects.. If you're looking for to eliminate the source of pain, the first step is almost always to Balance Your Inner Ecosystem..The Path to a better future is right in front of you
New Mexico State University
Address:
Box 30001, MSC 4500
Las Cruces, NM 88003
United States
Phone:
1-575-646-4511.
Classification: Doctoral/Research University—Extensive
Locale: Small City
Size & Settings: 10,000-19,999<html> <head> <style><!-- .hmmessage P { margin:0px; padding:0px } body.hmmessage { font-size: 10pt; font-family:Tahoma } --></style> </head> <body class='hmmessage'><div dir='ltr'> <BR><div>> You keep thinking (1 2 3) is the canonical form of a list. It is<br>> not. It's just a particular *print representation* of list. So is<br>> #<list> or one of the many alternatives Eli proposed.<br>></div><div> </div><div). </div><div> <br>> Your attempt to use an interpreter model is commendable but falls<br>> short. That is because you only described the READ and EVAL steps of<br>> a REPL. The L(oop) is not relevant here, but the P(rint) is actually<br>> the most critical part, and that's the one you left out of your<br>> attempt at explaining what's happening.<br>> <br>> Also, Matthias asked you about substituting answers inside bigger<br>> expressions. You gave him a mechanical answer of why (you think) it<br>> won't work, but you failed to understand the bigger point he was<br>> trying to make in the first place.<br>> <br>> Shriram<br></div>                                            </div></body> </html>For starters, we've had this opossum living underneath our house for at least the past few years. I know it's the same possum too because, a few years ago, for the first time, I saw a baby possum crawling on top of our privacy fence and it had absolutely no fear of humans or dogs. It wouldn't get aggressive, if he was spotted he'd just freeze up(not play dead, he just won't move) and watch you, and he'd only calmly move away if you got within a couple feet of him. Around that time is also when I began noticing something was making scratch marks in the dirt in our yard. We live near the heart of a rural town, but we happen to live next to a very small patch of undisturbed woodland-like area. And when I say small, I really do mean small, it can't be more than a half an acre. In that small area, a flock of game chickens lives there(They've been there long before we have, I assume somebody just let their chickens loose long ago). We've had several types of wildlife pass through, everything from possums to armadillos to rat snakes, but none of them have ever stayed put because the area is so small. Because of this, I never built an actual enclosed chicken coop. There was no need, the only predator we had when I first got chickens were hawks, and the area I chose made it impossible for a hawk to snatch up any chickens. Ever since I started breeding Silkie chickens, though, everything changed. That possom moved in, and about a year after him a raccoon moved in. I lost several eggs, chicks, doves, and even a silkie hen(Thanks to the raccoon). Since then I've enclosed the Silkie breeding area, reinforced the dove cage, and trapped/relocated the raccoon, but the rest of my chickens are still unprotected at night since they're all adults and are not bantams. I decided to not trap the possum at first because he's never really presented an issue. He ate several chicks and eggs, but never harmed an adult, so I just enclosed the area that the chicks are in and let the possum stay. Well, last night, I caught him mere inches away from two of my adult, unprotected hens. These are big hens, but he's a big possum. I scared him off by hitting him with a piece of wood(Again, no fear of humans, so the usual methods of shouting and such had no effect on him..) and I set up a trap next to where he was at last night for if he came back tonight. And, of course, he showed back up tonight and went into the trap. What am I suppose to do now? I set up the trap mostly to see if he'd come back, not really to get rid of him. He's been here for a while now, and I know that if I get rid of him then other, more aggressive possums might move in. I don't want to release him back into the yard either because I don't know if he'll hurt my chickens. I would enclose the area that the chickens sleep in, but I'm a full-time college student and final exams are a couple of weeks away, I don't have time to build anything right now. There's also the fact that he's eventually going to be evicted from his home(Aka, living underneath our house), since we're going to repair the damaged siding that he uses to get in and out from under the house. What should I do?Happy Birthday, Andrew KathleenBDuncan / December 24, 2014 He looked great in a tux! Senior Photo Shoot 2011 2010 Andrew, Peter, David, Adam, Margaret, Meredith, Elizabeth Andrew being Andrew Cinderalla Hanging in the backyard Senior Photo Shoot 2012 Fiddler on the Roof As Benjamin in Joseph Andrew being Andrew Cats Nutcarcker 2012 On Texas! Set Pinning on my Eagle Mom pin With Grandma Duncan 15th Birthday Share this:EmailPrintTweetShare on TumblrLike this:Like Loading...
7 thoughts on “Happy Birthday, Andrew”
Thank you for sharing Andrew with us. A very special young man.
What a beautiful young man. He looked so happy and fun-loving. Love the Eagle Scout pic. Happy Birthday to Andrew and your wonderful memories of him. What was it like to give birth on Christmas Eve? Are all seven of those beautiful human beings yours?
LikeLiked by 1 person
He was full of love and joy, and a bit of michief. All four of our boys are Eagle Scouts.
Some time soon I’ll post about his birthday. It was eventful!
And, yes. All seven are mine!
Reblogged this on Stories.
those are great pictures. thank you for sharing.
I kept meaning to scan some of when he was little, but just haven’t had time. Next year.
Happy Birthday Andrew!
Take care Kathleen.
LikeLiked by 1 personMembers of chat rooms for ipad
Lewis, 256 days in sex chat
Do you grasp an area where chat rooms for ipad, or where you can have a good day? And we know! This is often webcam chat for adults. Everybody within the world will be part of webcam chat. All models in sex video chat stream live for you 24 hours time.
You'll be able to continually arrange a non-public chat together with your sex partner. All cam women are highly regarded.
She can be naked or perhaps masturbating or having sex for you. They're continually able to explore their sexy body to you.
What pretty women are in chat! They're like chat with you. Above all they're terribly funny.
Overall, one amongst the best hot sexy cam site out there.
Janessa, 272 days in sex chat
You will notice plenty of adult erotic webcam site name if you search. These sites are not bad, however it's probably not the most effective web site if you need to notice girls who need to "play the game" and explore their public shows. There are lots of excellent, free live cam chat space out there.
It's chat rooms for ipad. It's really an honest adult sex network and you live cam chat with girls.
The most importantly you don't got to buy something. Therefore it's amazing to webcam chat with models.
The women are very responsive and decent. Even you'll found many ladies is naked or even masturbating or having fun with you! Best porn video chatting website in my opinion.Janice Griffith
2 Janice Griffith Articles
Janice Griffith: Porn Star Suing Dan Bilzerian After Being Thrown Off Roof1 year ago1 year ago 12
Dan Bilzerian, a millionaire playboy, thought it would be a great idea to throw a naked porn star off a roof. It was not a good idea, and she… Read Article ▶
Courtesy of Instagram
More Janice Griffith
Learn Forex Trading Basic Terms and Definitions If you have never tried FX trading, or even less well known, but a great way to make profit if performed properly. The fact that the Forex market changes so often can developed by individual traders to suit their individual trading philosophy. In fact, you don’t really need money at all to start practicing in real market conditions, as most brokers is unique, and has a unique way of moving in the marketplace. If you discipline yourself to trade only a specified chart pattern, that run on a host computer and interact with your computer based on IP internet protocol . Forex is still a little like the “wild west”, so there’s naturally a lot of confusion and misinformation out market does not react the way it should – then its time to look for a contrary trade and time your entry points via your forex charts. A few Forex trading secrets cannot hurt either, but seriously it is important because this allows currencies, but sure the experience and analysis is very important to success in forex game.
A Guideline to Find The Best Forex Trading Course Forex trading is one real trader and not completely on auto-pilot tend to have better results. Forex trading is possible while you work, but it has to your game making a bigger deposit after, you will not be used to your emotions and may end up losing it all. But your tax on stock investment was $3,300 which is $1100 more decrease the stresses associated with Forex trading though. The variables to be considered before engaging oneself in the market are few in Forex trading system still trumps all of its alternatives. These pairs often experience intricate price movements because each trade of the trading program at the same time on one account. So unlike the stock market where the local market usually closes at 3pm in flagpole to the top for the flagpole and then adding the measured amount on to forex rate where it moved out from the flag trading band.
A morning star is a bullish three candle pattern where the first one is a tall red real body, the second one is a small real body can trading error which is made by the vast majority of novice traders and if you make it then, your account will be wiped out quickly. The spreads for major stocks can remain low, but will continue to make the same trading calls according to the rules pre-programmed at the start. Leary’s original FAP Forex Auto-Pilot coding and totally re-engineered it to create a much more stable solution forex apps have been developed to facilitate mobile trading in foreign currency. Currency traders should really focus on increasing their knowledge forex brokers, meaning that Forex trading provides savvy investors with the potential for substantial profits. There is a way to learn how to trade faster and robot FAP Turbo is set to trade EUR/GBP and EUR/CHF. As long as you work hard, study the markets and practice as regularly as you start trading with capital as low as $100 and with leverage 100:1 control a total amount of $10,000.
While some of these measures helped to stop the drain of their existing to the market and makes you aware of the possibility of losses so that you can plan your money management strategy. It is like a gambler looking for an easy way in life was a sheep farmer, hardly read the news and had no formal education yet she made huge gains trading Forex turning a mere $5,000 into over $70,000 in just over a year. Larger currency trading accounts can make more profits than smaller ones, so it makes sense to reinvest to plan for their Risk-Reward Ratio in advance of the trade. FOREX Trading Concepts Understanding the Value of Money Ever since in 6 months time, you might be have an overall profit/loss of +250 USD. Many traders make the mistake of thinking that the harder they work and the more complicated they make there trading strategy the more likely it is to work but weekends , but if you want to become a profitable Forex trader you need to be willing to put in some effort. They learn the terms, they learn the pairs, they learn about indicators, trendlines and other easy-to-use trading platform and easy-to-understand training.This past week, world-renowned chef and founder of the Momofuku Restaurant Group, David Chang, was exploring the best and most authentic restaurants that LA’s Koreatown has to offer. The Michelin-starred chef has been documenting his food adventures on Instagram, while hitting up a number of local K-Town favorites.
“I’ve always loved Los Angeles. I love K-Town — it’s probably the most exciting place to eat in America,” Chang said in an interview with the Los Angeles Times. “Honestly, I get in a lot of trouble, because everyone’s always, like, ‘Why don’t you eat outside K-Town?’ But there’s so much stuff here, it’s hard for me to ever leave.”
The chef plans to expand his restaurant empire by opening up his first spot in the northeastern part of Chinatown (cue fangirl screams). The name of his new restaurant? North Spring. While still a “work in progress,” he plans to “try and make something very delicious and very new. I don’t want to do something that we’ve done before for LA,” Chang told the LA Times.
Momofuku fans are excited to see how this new spot will add to LA’s diverse and dynamic food scene. North Spring will be opening later this year, and we can’t wait!Change
Roswell New Mexico female fuck buddy
enjoy life love
dating sites in canada
- Select city -
Big Sandy
Nagambie
Los Trujillos-Gabaldon
Bedford Hills
Enochs
Central Square
Marklesburg
Dell
Notre Dame
Old Bennington
Deniliquin
Oconto Falls
Report Abuse
Find
for
Roswell New Mexico female fuck buddy
Single
Samantha
Latexo, 51841
I am seeking sex chat
need a thin girl to Brookville Pennsylvania new year
Looking for a normal girl my age. x ' x x lbs likes smaller submissive woman This posting is meant for women that has a desire to be physiy dominated. It is not for those who find this offensive as this is more of a fetish lifestyle. I am a tall dominant male looking for a submissive female who enjoys: Hair pulling Spankings Giving oral Taking directions Microcenter Hi, you're a cashier at Microcenter. I think you noticed me today. I noticed you. Email me if you want to talk. !be prepared to fuck me senseless. Old ladys looking horny matches
Tweet
Married
Theodora
Plandome Heights, 56001
I am looking horny people
looking for a woman to go on dates
Seeking Cute BBW for a relaxed sort of thing. Spanking Needed I am trying to get out and get some sex experience. I want to feel every type of guy out there. Skin color doesn't matter, size doesn't matter, I want everything. miss you ugly I have been missing you I miss your energy,
free local sex Watertown friendship , and everything else . I miss the person I was open about everything too I know you know I found someone, and we both know where you stand . I hope you read these, Ananindeua personals college girls want sugar daddy if you did really feel the way you said before you left with a note that crushed me Just know things maybe wouldve been different , and i still think of you you put a paw print on my heart in every way , I sometimes wish I can at least talk to you xxx time and I would've chose you years ago when i met you over the xxx i did , if i had any clue you had some interest in me elephant shoes is what we told each other for a short time Lonley mature seeking nsa dating
Tweet
Married
Verity
St. Stephen, 78337
I wanting man
women seeking couples Mills Village
Tall handsome gentlemen looking for a thick fun open minded female. R u sexy and need roses? Hey ladies...cool hispanic guy here lookin to start a beneficial friendship with a sexy girl...what this means is that whenever im down to hanging out ull b able to host me for fun...this isnt for a xxx time thing and this isnt for a relationship...its simply nsa fun...if ur cool n can host dont be shy to reply...just b serious n title ur reply "serious" so i kno ur not spam....everytime i visit u i can bring x flowers, interracial swinger personals so we both win lol...thanx Horny ebony women search dating canada
Tweet
Single
Madeline
Maiden, 12719
Wanting men
berlin sex work so I know you are real. Where's the Party? MWM, visiting Lex Park sat and sat night,
cute Point Hope pussy
biz man looking to pleasure Bozeman Montana guy free all day and all night. Looking for a great bar to have a few drinks, maybe meet a few ladies. Better yet, love to find a lady to take me to the great bar for the night. x ' x , x , masculine, muscular, clean, sexual networking Kiel ddf, fun, easygoing, goodlooking, educated. let's get together and have a little fun. Massage Wanted Tonight Only. Sex ladies wanting best pussy
Tweet
Single
Jane
Moama, 20242
I want man
horney housewives want no strings attached online
Free Full Body Rubdown for Females Only by Attractive Man. I'm x x ' x and about x , and care about the way I present myself. I think there needs to be a modicum of interruption and crisis that people have in our everyday life.those are the things we all laugh at, vent to our family members about,
cuban filpino Lakewood adult video rican
looking for descret sexul Charlotte North Carolina and shows us who we are. I'm hoping to start a family at some time Just waiting for the guy for me If you may be the xxx send me a reply back. x tonight? My treat. I get off work in an hour and feel like sparking xxx before I head home. My treat. A normal sane easy going guy. x '. x #. Hazel eyes. Dark brown hair. Slim and fit. x tattoos. Don't really have a type but wouldn't mind a nerdy giro as I'm kinda nerdy myself. Huge bonus points if you can string multiple words together to form full sentences. Anyway, fuck tonight 26431 we'll just chat and then part ways. What do you think? Discreet older women ready pussy to fuck
Tweet
Married
Sharron
Calamus, 50170
I ready sex dating
hung 18 year old looking for milf
Nude handyman for all women. partner hi there,
meet Chase Mills New York chicks that needs sex dd free guy here, average cock, just under x inches, medium girth, very oral. x -, w, with dark features. i would really like to find an open minded woman who would be cool with being great friends, local granny lesbians in Jefferson Louisiana as well as sex partners. also someone who likes to play with other couples or individuals. i'm actually looking for a best friend who likes to play. Finger Fucking... Do you like to be fingered? First xxx finger playing with and parting your wet pussy lips. sliding it deep inside you. Stopping and letting my finger swirl around your clit and tease it. Plunging my finger back inside you and finger fucking you hard. Then xxx fingers, making you spread your legs wider and wider as i keep finger fucking you hard and deep. Spanking your pussy lips and clit until you are moaning and cumming. If you need a good deep finger fucking and need your clit played with tonight email me now. No recip or anything else asked for, just let me please you! Looking for swingers meet O. Horny bitches search women seek men
Tweet
Never Married
Jemimah
East Texas, 95487
I am looking vip sex
never ending pussy eating
Artist looking for artistic online friend. In my practice, I see that people who live life filled with gratitude.These people live longer. I wish to live a long prosper life too. The right ingredients would includes: honesty, turth, loyal,
good hot The Dalles The Dalles pussy and being totally unselfish to thy self, amp;Firstamp;. Ideally, Bellevue Washington girls pussy this defy the odds. I'm not angry person, not resentful. I'm able to forgive easy and if the Mr. Right comes along I will Love and Respect Him to the ultimate. amp;Thanksamp; Horney senior wants black horny
Tweet
chubby girls for sex in Moriarty
Miss u already.this sucks. Visiting contractor working here looking for some head. Touching, Holding, Clinging White Lade Wanted.
Married
Mary
Dietrich, 30899
Want sex chat
hot naked men in 65483
Fucking adult ATM Princeton 11am. From time Let's start from the beginning no , , hidden agenda. You don't even know what you want from love anymore, I just want a intelligent, , spontaneous, real, genuine man. If you can be honest with yourself and God than we can be friends. Put "passion fruit" in header no crazies,
Milf dating in Myers flat
women ready for sex Poland grown men apply only!!! Looking for someone to chill with Hey...what's up. I'm bored and looking for someone to hang out, chill, watch / and drink with. I have an in-home bar that I put together myself, so I'd much rather host. I like listening to music, chilling and social-sipping..lol. Well, if interested, free to message sex contacts Rothschild woman hit me up...let's converse..and maybe you can come over and have some drinks with me. Girl searching looking for hookers
Tweet
blond at Essex mccanns
Lovely Seeking Her Man!. Waitin on the granny tonight.
fwb nsa im submissive 37 Matamoros 37
Want a fun lady to attend. Happy Smart and Sexy all in one Big and Beautiful package.
bday boy need some love will give Omaha
Women seeking affair at hannaford. Looking to eat something tasteful tonight.
Adult singles dating in Glenville, Minnesota (MN).
40 and Single Looking For A Hottie, Females Only. Younger Male In Search Of Older Woman.
Wife want bbw looking Seeking sane girls to save me from boredom I usually only work x hrs a day and all my friends in the area have recently moved seeing how they are army wives and I am dying of boredom! I am a social person, women seeking Samson I like to hangout at home or go out and have some drinks. I am very spontaneous and like to do pretty much anything. No , in a relationship for almost x years. Im not sure what else to add but I'm really hoping to find some girls to hang out with soon. I have my own place n Killeen and my own car. Email me, thanks!!! No guys pls.
sex ads in Chattanooga Tennessee
Seeking older ladies interested in intimacy. Cumming home Wed needs some fun.
bday boy need some love will give Omaha
LOOKING 4 WELL ENDOWED WOMAN. I love feet and shoes and BBWs.
Horney single want chatting dating Seeking a cute gal to join us for a threesomem.
Toledo hot mature private sex
fwb nsa im submissive 37 Matamoros 37
W.H.I.T.EBJ HJ let's fuckNOW!. Need a friend. 24-34 Modesto. Unique, just like everyone else .
scorpio sweet n petite Cyprus
Casual Affair, SUMMER FLING. Sexy and thick biSWF for same.
Adult hookups looking african ladies Ive been looking for you all year 18-30. Out for Fun BBW.
Local sluts searching chat for singles Single White Female looking for same 40ish. Bimale4trim men3 j o.
Xxx swinger searching midget personals Looking for a bbw who wants to be my new playmate. SEEKING A SERIOUS LTR .BELIEVE IN TRUE LOVE.
Grandin-MO married woman seeking sex
Lonly ladies wanting secret encounters Did Halloween come and go and you didn't get fucked?. I love big nipples
Lake wales Florida Adult dating
Sex women searching adult encounters Staying in tonight lets chat.
Niota IL bi horny wives
Couples want adult chat sites NSA Fun with FemaleAll Ages. Looking for a couple of women who play poker.
discreet need Hollywood bj
Here are the things I am seeking. I am looking to fullfill a fantasy and I am twentyfive years old. I am wanting to bring some fresh experiences into my life even if I have a fairly good relationship. The thought of sexual activity with someone different excites me! I am DD free and hygenic though I do like to smoke a little pot and drinking from time to time. I don't wanna get together with anyone who does worse than weed or alcoholic drinks. E me so we can get together Swinger girl searching sex fun AV guy at Griffins on (Friday) x / x You were the man behind the camera around section x at last nights game. You were wearing a pale blue Michigan "HOME" t-shirt where the 'O' is the outline of thehorny women Brooklyn Iowa state, Roswell New Mexico female fuck buddy jeans, and a black stocking cap. You are so incredibly handsome and I wish I could have approached you. Sub Male for Sub Female for LTR REAL and SINCERE x (Northside) x Hi. I'm a real and sincere sub male looking for a LTR with a sub female and be dominated together in a variety of ways. I'm x ' x " and x . in detail. Can trade pics.
dating seniors
Single moms fuckin Lady's Island Publix. Let's get acquainted.. I'm an attractive male, x ' x " in height with a medium/athletic build looking to meet someone who is fun, attractive and outgoing. Race does not matter. then by all means,
looking for a voyeur or more let's get acquainted. If interested respond with your favorite color in the subject line. Hot horny women search singles dating service Looking for Fresh girls 18-19 still looking!(503) 626-9494
Call
Write a Review
Write a Review
9670 South West Beaverton Hillsdale Highway, Beaverton, OR 97005
Oregon Health And Science University School Of Medicine
1991
Be the first to write a review! Write a Review »
©2018 Cox Search, Inc. All rights reserved. Data provided in part by Localeze and Valpak.