NETH/BEL: InBev closes Immobrew sale
By just-drinks.com editorial team | 1 November 2007
InBev has announced that it has sold certain retail estate assets in the Netherlands and Belgium to Belgian property group Cofinimmo.
The brewer said yesterday (31 October) that it has closed the deal with Cofinimmo which would see InBev Belgium sell 90% of Immobrew S.A./N.V., a subsidiary which directly owns 824 pubs and some residential real estate locations in Belgium and indirectly 245 in the Netherlands, for EUR419m (US$571m) on a debt and cash free basis. At the same time, InBev has entered into a lease agreement with Immobrew and some of its affiliates.
InBev said the move was consistent with its commitment to free up capital invested in non-core activities, thereby enhancing the focus on its core beer business.
The company said that InBev Belgium shall retain a 10% interest in Immobrew, to be renamed Pubstone SA/NV. Immobrew holds a master lease agreement of 27 years with InBev Belgium for an initial rent of EUR17.4m (US$25m) per annum.
Substantially similar master lease agreements are in place with affiliates of Immobrew with respect to the Netherlands pubs for an initial rent of EUR9.2m per annum. The sale results in an estimated one-time gain of EUR334m as compared to the book value.
"InBev will continue to be the dedicated partner and supplier for the respective pub properties in Belgium and the Netherlands. The commercial relationship between the pub tenants and InBev will not change. Cofinimmo has committed to further investments in the properties, and it is the aim of both parties to assure the continued success of the property portfolio," the company said in a statement.
Sectors: Beer & cider
NEWS
UK: Morgan Stanley cuts Inbev rating
Morgan Stanley has cut its rating on InBev from 'overweight' to 'equal-weight'....
NEWS
INDIA: InBev readies brewing deal in India
InBev has confirmed that it is to up its presence in India, with the securing of a brewing deal in the south-western state of Karnataka....
NEWS
BELGIUM: InBev readies Hoegaarden return to Hoegaarden
InBev has confirmed that all production of its Hoegaarden wheat beer is set to return to its home brewery this summer....
NEWS
BELGIUM: InBev UK chief suggests "two to three-year" tenure
Stuart McFarlane, the recently appointed president of InBev's UK & Ireland division, has said he sees himself remaining with the company for around two to three years before possibly moving on....
NEWS
BELGIUM: InBev UK president reveals plans for Stella Artois
The president of InBev's UK & Ireland division, Stuart McFarlane, has revealed plans to develop the company's Stella Artois brand in the UK in an attempt to turn it into the "pioneering brand" in its ...
NEWS
UK: InBev lets music fans feel Mutual
InBev has announced plans to launch a non-profit music venture in Scotland as a way for its Tennents lager brand to reach its target consumers....
NEWS
just the round-up - The week in drinks
The top ten most visited stories on just-drinks this week:...
NEWS
UK: Further job losses lined up at InBev
InBev has lined up yet more redundancies in the UK, this time at its brewery in WWatershed Event
An increasing number of businesses are discovering that saving the rainforest makes good economic sense.
It is hard to believe that 100 years ago, Hawaii, with only a fraction of the population it has today, had a fresh water problem. Actually, the Islands had a tree problem, which would have quickly led to water shortages across the state.
“Cattle farming was big a century ago so a lot of places were overgrazed,” says Grady Timmons, communications director for The Nature Conservancy of Hawaii. “When you have a healthy rainforest, it acts like a giant sponge, soaking up rainfall and allowing it to flow through streams and into the ground.”
According to Timmons, government and business leaders of the time realized that to grow sugar they needed water and to get water they needed a forest. A public-private partnership was formed, which eventually developed forest reserves and launched one of the most successful forestry programs in the country, planting millions of trees throughout Hawaii.
However, 100 years later, Hawaii’s watersheds are deteriorating, under attack by feral hoofed animals like pigs, goats and deer and aggressive non-native weeds. With government funding scarce and with threatened lands falling across several property lines, conservationists have turned back to the idea of forming partnerships to save the forest. Called watershed partnerships, these agreements bring together federal, state and county agencies, environmental organizations and private landowners to form a single organization that benefits from the pooled resources and expertise of all partners involved. The level of participation varies, from donations of personnel and cash to even the land itself.
In 1991, the East Maui Watershed Partnership was formed through a joint initiative of the State Department of Land and Natural Resources, The Nature Conservancy, the County of Maui Board of Water Supply, Haleakala Ranch Co., East Maui Irrigation Co., Ltd., Haleakala National Park and Hana Ranch. The project brought more than 100,000 acres of critical watershed and native forest habitat into active management.
Seven years after the East Maui agreement, the West Maui Partnership, protecting 47,000 acres, was formed. And last year watershed agreements for Molokai and Oahu’s Koolau Mountains were formed.
“It’s not hard to convince the private landowners to see the economic benefit of these partnerships,” says Timmons. “They recognize that protecting the biodiversity and water is in their best interest.”
Indeed. According to a recent study by the University of Hawaii Economic Research Organization, if Oahu’s Koolau forests were suddenly lost as a result of fire, the value of the water lost would be $4.6 billion to $8.5 billion.
“If you are talking about quarterly profits, well, this kind of investment won’t show any benefit,” adds Randy Bartlett, a watershed supervisor for Maui Land and Pineapple, which participates in the West Maui Partnership “This is a long-term investment for the company and the whole community.”
According to Bartlett, his company pays for one third of the project’s $335,000 budget, in addition to the salaries of four full-time staffers whose time is spent fending off weeds and feral animals.
“You’ve got to make an investment in the protection and maintenance of the watershed to ensure the quality of the water that comes from it,” says Avery Chumbley, president of Maui Agribusiness and State Senator for Maui’s 6th district. “I think the West Maui Partnership along with our sister agreement, the East Maui Partnership, can really set the standard for other conservation efforts throughout the state.”Twitter users who have been envious of their friends, family and others they choose to follow who have been able to further personalize their Twitter page by adding a header image will finally be able to starting on December 12.
The improved profile feature will allow all Twitter users to throw up any image they like as their header in order to add a little flare to their profile.
Up until now, Twitter users have only been able to customize their profile by uploading an image as their avatar and a background image for other Twitter users to see when visiting someone’s Twitter profile page.
Users who don’t partake in the header festivities will be left with a default grey image to go along with their default bird egg and their default background image.
Twitter went ahead and even put together a video to showcase what its users can expect on December 12th when the rollout begins, which you can view below. The header feature will be a simple and painless process to anyone who already knows how to upload a Twitter profile image.10 VINTAGE SODA POP BOTTLES 7-UP SQUIRT SUNKIST MORE
- Sold for: Start Free Trial or Sign In to see what it's worth.
- Item Category: Advertising
- Source: eBay
- Sold Date: May 15,2007
- Channel: Online Auction
We have for your viewing and bidding pleasure 10 vintage collectible painted on label soda pop bottles.The first 3 are green glass.The first is a 16 FL. OZ. (1 PINT) 7 UP COMMEMORATIVE BOTTLE.It is SEPT. 13-19,1976 LAKE CRYSTAL,MINNESOTA FARM FEST AMERICA'S BICENTENNIAL SALUTE TO AGRICULTURE.It is in very good condition.The next 2 are 7 fl. oz..The first is a SQUIRT and has the little fellow with the SQUIRT logo on the back side with the statement NEVER AN AFTER-THIRST.The bottle has some mineral content on the inside.The next is a 7-UP with the young woman in a bathing suit with bubbles above her.On the back side it has the contents with the statement YOU LIKE IT IT LIKES YOU 7-UP BOTTLING COMPANY MITCHELL,S.DAK..The bottle has some fine line scratching.The fourth bottle is a lighter shade of green and is a 6 1/2 oz. bottle DR. PEPPER.It has the logo 10,2 and 4(this means DR. PEPPER whats you to drink a bottle at 10,2 and 4 o'clock to refresh yourself).The bottle shows some wear with mineral content inside.It needs washing inside.The next bottle also could use some washing inside and shows some wear.It is also light green and is ROYAL CROWN COLA with their label and an embossed logo.The next bottle is highly embossed and is a ORANGE CRUSH.It has 2 diamond shape logos.On the back logo with the name it has PAT'D JULY 26,1920.On the bottom in embossed words it has the name TRACY MINN..The bottle shows some wear and rubbing.The seventh bottle is a 7 fl. oz. SUNRISE BEVERAGES.On the front it has their logo with the rising sun and on back the statement BUY WITH CONFIDENCE DRINK WITH PLEASURE.The bottle shows a small amount of wear from rotation in the bottle case.The last 3 bottles are 10 fl. oz..The first of which is a HIRES ROOT BEER.It has their logos' front and rear.On the back it states THE QUALITY BEVERAGE WITH THE DISTINCTIVE TASTE.It is in good condition.The ninth bottle is a CANADA DRY and has their logo towards the top on the front and back.On the lower half of the bottle all the way around it has embossed square panels.The bottle shows some wear from rotation in the shipping case.The last bottle is a SUNKIST and has their label at the top on each side and at the lower part of the bottle on each side in large embossed letters is the name SUNKIST.It shows some wear from rotation in the soda pop case.None of the above described bottles described above have any breaks,cracks or chips.We are listing the vintage soda pop bottles at a no reserve selling price.So,thanks for looking and good luck bidding.At this time this is the last of our pop bottles and all that we have.Find a copy online
Links to this item
Find a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
Designed for the chemical and other process industries, this book includes 1,200 tables that contain basic data on the physical properties of solvents and on the solubilities of a variety of materials in these solvents. It includes phase diagrams for multicomponent systems. Read more...
Reviews
User-contributed reviews
© DRG
Ruggedly Warm Loafers
Extra-thick and richly textured, these ribbed slippers will keep the chill of winter floors at bay.
Sizes: Includes unisex S through L. Made with super bulky (super chunky) weight yarn and sizes 11 (8mm) and 13 (9mm) double-pointed needles.
For more information, see:...Bahraini paper faces legal action over fire report
Manama, March 31, 2014
Legal action could be taken against a Bahraini newspaper for its coverage of a fire at the Information Affairs Authority (IAA), in Isa Town, last week.
The fire broke out on Monday and caused damage worth around BD150,000 ($388,651), said a report in the Gulf Daily News (GDN), our sister publication.
However, the Arabic daily claimed the building that caught fire was abandoned, lacked basic safety and security equipment and questioned the recruitment of an adviser who it claimed was former chief executive at the Hizbollah-backed channel Al Manar.
However, Minister of State for Information Affairs and official government spokeswoman Sameera Rajab yesterday said the front-page article in Al Ayam was "regretfully misleading".
The newspaper also criticised the company chosen by the IAA to operate a private channel in the building.
"The newspaper's targeting of the IAA is regretfully misleading and an exaggeration that puts the coverage on the same level as 'yellow' papers," said Rajab.
"Building a story on anonymous sources from social media, which has hundreds of fictional and suspicious accounts, is unprofessional and lacks the basic guidelines of proper reporting - which require calling officials concerned to get proper information.
"The newspaper said smoke was seen in Manama and the fire was a mystery, but in fact it was not seen in Manama and is not a mystery as the Interior Ministry, which reacted promptly to stop it from spreading, has determined it was caused by a short circuit.
"The building is not abandoned, there is no abandoned building at the IAA, and employees have been moved out because workers are carrying out a revamp on the 20-year-old building for a new channel that will be part of our network."
Referring to the Lebanese adviser singled out by the newspaper, Rajab said he had been instrumental in developing a news centre over the past 10 years.
"Several ministers have come and gone and he remained because his work is outstanding, which is reflected in the quality of news we are now having," she said.
"The private company has been hired through a tender that follows Bahrain's bidding procedures and has nothing to do with the new channel or the building."
She said the newspaper could still be taken to court over the article.
"We are studying legal action against the newspaper," she said. - TradeArabia News Service- <<
Casa Azul - Orient Beach
From $414 / night
Description from the manager
- Villa
- 4 bedrooms
- 4 bathrooms
- Sleeps 8
Bedrooms: 4
Bathrooms: 4
Sleeps: 8
Type: VillaCasa Azul - Orient Beach
Description from the manager
Top
Vacation
Rental
Vacation
Rental
Perched on the highest point overlooking Baie Orientale is Casa Azul.
Situated in an upscale enclave with full views of the Atlantic to St. Barths.
This.
Additional amenities include: tennis court, coffee maker, ac bedrooms, shower.
About the manager
About the manager
Travel Keys
Travel Keys
- Response rate 100%
- Response time A few hours
- Calendar updated today
- Overall rating4.7 / 5.0 based on 881 reviews and 2,657 properties
Map
Casa Azul - Orient BeachFind out how a healthy lawn can improve your personal lifestyle. A well-maintained lawn can also boost the value of your property.
Find out how your lawn acts as an air filter to improve air quality by trapping air pollution and dust.
Find out how a healthy lawn puts nutrients back into the soil and provides a home for birds and other animals.
Eco-friendly lawn care is easy with these tips - and your lawn can turn out stronger and healthier.
Everyone loves a thick green lawn. And studies show lawns are good for us in so many ways.
Discover why lawns are so important to our world. And how they can bring us all together.
Dogs and lawns are a natural pair. Here's how to keep them safe, happy and healthy together.
Keeping your lawn healthy, green and well-fed can have a beneficial effect on you and the environment.Read the Original Article at
Google on Wednesday outlined its vision for the Internet, which will include a broad scope of technical ambitions using the collective power of developers, the Web, and cloud computing as its base.
"At a very high level, Google cares about moving the Web forward," said Vic Gundotra, engineering VP at Google during the company's I/O developer's conference in San Francisco. "The Web has become the dominant platform of our era."
Gundotra outlined the issues faced in the mainframe era, the personal computer era, and the Internet era. In the mainframe era, he said, computing power was not very accessible, but software was relatively easy to deploy. That changed in the PC era, when we gave up power and ease of software management for accessibility. With the rise of the Internet, the browser again made online software easy to deal with, but the browser lacks the power and flexibility of desktop applications.
"At Google, we believe we can solve these problems by making the cloud more accessible and by making the client more powerful," said Gundotra.
Gundotra repeated Google's mantra that making the Web better benefits Web users and Google. "We probably are the company that's most incented to move the Internet forward," he said.
And for those developers weaving tomorrow's Web line by line, Gundotra, his colleagues, and Google-allied partners showed what could be done with Google's latest programming tools.
There was Allen Hurff, senior VP of engineering at MySpace, who showed how the popular social network had employed Google Gears to enhance the search function in MySpace mail. Google Gears, introduced a year ago, provides a way for online applications to function offline by providing persistent storage and synchronization.
Steve Horowtiz, engineering director for Google's Android mobile phone platform, demonstrated that you don't need an iPhone to have an appealing mobile interface and compelling mobile applications. When he showed how an Android phone, using an internal compass, could dynamically adjust Google Street View images to match the facing of the phone user, there was a collective gasp and applause.
Kevin Gibb, technical lead for the Google App Engine, declared that Google wants make it as easy as possible to create and scale Web applications. That's why Google exposed its infrastructure to developers with the limited release of Google App Engine about a month and a half ago. And that's why Gibb declared that the Google App Engine is now open to everyone.
Gibb said that use of Google's infrastructure would remain free for applications that generate up to 5 million views per month and require less than 500 MB of storage. After that, pricing is as follows: $0.10 - $0.12 per CPU core-hour; $0.15 - $0.18 per GB-month of storage; $0.11 - $0.13 per GB outgoing bandwidth; and $0.09 - $0.11 per GB incoming bandwidth.
If it all sounds a bit like what Amazon has been doing with Amazon Web Services, Google thinks so too. Gundotra acknowledged a debt to Amazon for developing the rent-a-cloud business model.
Gibb also announced the imminent release of two new Google App Engine APIs: an imagine-manipulation API and the memcache API, for making application Web pages render more quickly.
Mark Lucovsky, technical director at Google, came to urge the use of Google's GData and Ajax APIs. Google in fact is now hosting a number of AJAX Libraries, so developers looking for the performance improvements these libraries can provide can just insert JavaScript tags that point to the libraries on Google.
Bruce Johnson, engineering manager for Google Web Toolkit, arrived on stage to announce that Google Web Toolkit 1.5 Release Candidate (GWT) would be available later this week. GWT is an open-source suite of programming tools and libraries that allows developers to write applications in Java -- Java 5 language support is a new addition -- and then cross-compile into equivalent standalone JavaScript that's compatible with a variety of Web browsers.
Finally, Google engineering director David Glazer, touted Google's OpenSocial API, now at version 0.8. "Things are coming together beautifully," he said, noting that killer apps like e-mail have traditionally been social applications.
Google may have been defeated temporarily by the unexpected number of developers drawn to its vision, but it nonetheless sees itself on the winning side, on the side of the Web.
"After years of competition among platforms, the Web has won because it's open, because it's ubiquitous, and because there's a passionate community working together to move it forward," said Gundotra in a."
In a landscape littered with potential Google rivals, it seems premature to declare victory. But as Google and the Web become ever more interdependent, it becomes harder and harder to bet on another horse.iPTSC - VoIP Code Of Practice
Discussion in 'VOIP' started by iPTSC,:
- 640
- PB
- Nov 16, 2004
MOC code and Exam code=?Utf-8?B?QXRhbnUgTWFoYXRh?=, Dec 28, 2006, in forum: MCSE
- Replies:
- 28
- Views:
- 1,154
- JaR
- Jan 3, 2007
source code to executable code flow , functionality in detail, Feb 24, 2006, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 3
- Views:
- 595
- Don_Luciano
- Mar 19, 2006
Remember when your piano teacher taught you, "Practice, practice,practice ...?"Wayne Wastier, Jun 10, 2005, in forum: Windows 64bit
- Replies:
- 3
- Views:
- 1,201
- Wayne Wastier
- Jun 10, 2005
ISP code of practice draftPeter, Feb 5, 2009, in forum: NZ Computing
- Replies:
- 23
- Views:
- 981
- Richard
- Feb 15, 2009“ Genre: Fiction / Author: Margot Berwin / Paperback / 288 Pages / Book is published 2009-07-02 by Hutchinson „
* Prices may differ from that shown
Themed fiction, where there is a clear obsession with a specific topic can be a bit hit or miss, but in the past I have enjoyed ones that focus on books (Book Lover) and shoes (Clicking Her Heels) and especially food (The Food of Love). The key in my mind has always been to write about something other people obsess over, establishing an immediate bond between reader and writer. This title falls into this category but with a rather unusual and specific fixation: tropical plants. I know little about these, and have never really wanted to change that fact, but though I didn't share the author's fascination initially, by the end of the book I was hooked.
The link between a newly divorced and somewhat grumpy advertising exec and the colourful world of exotic blooms is not immediately clear, but in the book it seems like the most natural thing in the world. A chance encounter at a street market, followed by a domino rally of events and coincidences sends Lila away from the cold, concrete jungle of New York City and deep into the humid, tropical jungle of Mexico's Yucatán. The contrast between the two places is immediate and stunning but the parallels are equally striking, and it is entirely believable that a city girl could hold her own in the sultry rainforests one country over.
This book is simply exquisite. It has a perfect combination of skilful writing and delicious plot twists from murder and betrayal to crimes driven by both passion and greed. It is hilarious and poignant at the same time, full of suspense and intrigue but warm, enviable relationships too, and yet despite combining all these elements in one sole story, it never seems like it's gone too far or tried to cram in too much.
The flowers in the book are as important a part of the story as any of the other characters, but made accessible for non-botanists through easy descriptions and little nuggets of information at the start of each chapter. Though there was a little over-reliance on fables and folklore, and the power of fate, I very much enjoyed the story and didn't want it to end.
As a side note, I was thrilled with the representation of Mexico, a county I've just moved home from, and one that is so often portrayed poorly by American writers in particular. A good chunk of the book takes place there, and I found the descriptions realistic and enticing. The author's passion for the country and for its flora and fauna really shone through, and the excitement was contagious. I wanted to book a flight back immediately.
Highly recommended.
This review first appeared on
Buy it on Amazon for about a fiver, until the mainstream paperback comes out in April 2010.Sterilite Ultra 2.5 Qt. Food Storage Bowl
Features:
Dimensions:
Special Offer:
56 Issues of Sports Illustrated Magazine
Included with purchase ($20 value).
Sterilite Ultra 2.5 Qt. Food Storage Bowl
Weights & Dimensions
Features
About the ManufacturerFor more than half a century, Sterilite products have helped make everyday life a little easier and a lot more organized.
Sterilite Ultra 2.5 Qt. Food Storage Bowl
NOTE: This product is subject to a minimum order quantity of 4
Customer Reviews
Reference
OUR SKU # YEH1013Ultra 2.5 Qt. Food Storage Bowl is also sometimes listed under the following manufacturer numbers: 03938604SENATOR LANZA ANNOUNCES NEW LAW TO MAKE INVASIVE AND UNWANTED TELEMARKETING MORE DIFFICULT IN NEW YORK STAT
Governor Andrew M. Cuomo signed legislation today, cosponsored by Senator Andrew J. Lanza,legislation.”.”
#####Royal Viking Motel
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Holiday Inn Los Angeles International Airport" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hilton Los Angeles Airport" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Travelodge Hotel at LAX" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Holiday Inn Express Los Angeles-LAX Airport" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Embassy Suites LAX North" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Los Angeles Airport Marriott" class="accom_photo">
Location
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews Royal Viking Motel Los Angeles
Travel Blogs from Los Angeles
Here we go!
... into Geneva, Switzerland. Sounds weird to go to Moscow first until you look at the polar route that we are flying from LA to Europe and then it makes a lot more sense. There are no direct flights from LA to Geneva and it beats some of the other connecting cities that were offered. Istanbul, ...
Classes, classes, more classes and pub crawl
On wednesday I slept in after being tired from carnival and the night before. Felt really lazy so got breakfast and walked around hollywood boulevard for a bit.. Went back to the hotel got ready and took the subway from Hollywood and Vine to NOHO (which means North Hollywood) to meet up with Lody, a friend from the Netherlands. The subway was very quiet and the ticket machine very confusing, I gave some change to this (I assume) homeless guy who helped me out buying my tap card and add ...
A day you can't miss!
... that I heard about it, one of the best places in the world. I could easily stay a whole week and just continuously come back to Disneyland it was that fun. The day was coming to an end and I headed back to my hotel, where I desperately needed to sleep.
This would be the best activity that a school group could possible do, what child doesn't want to spend the day at Disneyland?
...
From LA to the Grand Canyon
... the middle of a forest. We wound our way towards the Lodge to check in, parked the car and tried to work out where the Grand Canyon was. But it was dark, and by this point we were so tired that we would have been hard pushed to tell you which way up was, so we decided to leave it to the morning and go get some food. Which was delicious but I was far too tired to properly give it the attention it deserved, so we called it a night and went to ...
Another day another cruise to board ..that's life
... of the check in person so they knew it was us. What a load of rubbish!!! What??? We won’t match our passport which won’t match our boarding pass – both of which are handed in to the check in person?
****** off by then from the belligerent and ignorant person outside the baggage drop-off, Miss Vicious Officious and her colleague, I continued to fill out the form. Obviously Miss Vicious Officious was not pleased and came over again and ...All about ACTAMarch 12th, 2010 at 10:05 am by David Farrar
I’ve blogged in the past on ACTA, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement. Readers will gear a lot more of this in the next month, because the next meeting of the ACTA negotiators is in Wellington in April.
There are two major issues around ACTA. The first is that the negotiations are secret, and this has even upset the EU Parliament:
Wary”.
The second is the concern that ACTA may force countries that ratify it, to legislate for Internet disconnection for people accussed or found to have infringed copyright.
Now, all trade agreements are negotiated privately, but whether an agreement on copyright law should be seen as a trade agreement is a big issue – most IP agreements are not. Many countries would like to be more open about ACTA, but the rules of trade negotiations are that you need unanimous permission to agree to anything – including releasing information. So just one country, such as the US, can block the release of the draft text.
I’ve attended two meetings (in my role with InternetNZ) with officials from MFAT and MED, and have to say I am impressed with their willingness to engage, within the limits of what they can say. They have consistently said their position has been that ACTA should not require NZ to do anything beyond its current law (including the replacement S92A). However they can not tell us what has been proposed by other countries, and the concern is what pressure there may be to get an agreement in the final stages.
What the Government has done is asked for public submissions on “enforcement of intellectual property rights in the digital environment”. If you have concerns about ACTA, you should take a few minutes to make a submission and state what is and is not acceptable to you. Topics include:
- Liability of ISPs for third party infringement
- Safe Harbour provisions for ISPs and associated conditions
- Identifying Infringing Users
- TPMs (Technological Protection Measures)
Now despite the ACTA negotiations being secret, a draft text has been leaked. And, assuming it is accurate, it shows the New Zealand negotiators in a pretty favourable light – opposing some of the more undesirable aspects.
Nathan Torkington covers this in a blog post. His summary:
On the balance this bit isn’t too bad–New Zealand is a good voice for sanity in the negotiations.
I was pleased to see from the leaked draft, that the official position of the NZ negotiators, was very much in line with the informal indications they had given. It is ironic that we can only verify this, because someone leaked a draft.
Now as I said the next round of ACTA, and the round most likely to be discussing the Internet section, is in Wellington from 12 to 16 April. I am hoping the organisers will allow an opportunity for some sort of public forum or dialogue with negotiators, and this request has been made.
InternetNZ has organised a PublicACTA conference on Saturday 10 April, which will allow interested people to debate the issues, form positions, and report them to the main ACTA negotiations the following week.
And in a further announcement, the keynote speaker will be Professor Michael Geist, the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law at the University of Ottawa in Ontario. Michael is a real expert in this area, and a great advocate for balance in copyright laws.
I would recommend people attend, just for the chance to hear Michael. And if you wish to stay up to date with what is happening, I recommend this ACTA coalition site.Tags: ACTA, copyright, InternetNZ, MED, MFAT, Michael Geist
March 12th, 2010 at 11:44 am
I will be attending this conference, happens to coincide with when i’m in welly quite nicely.
March 12th, 2010 at 1:01 pm
TPM = DVD Region Zones??????????????.
“Kelly is awesome :)”
“I loved it, Mrs,. boucher was soo verty nice, made the visit a nice and relaxing one great coversations!”
“Kelli was wonderful, easy to talk with, nice atmosphere in the salon, felt comfortable from the moment i walked in.”
- A
1224 W. Milham Ave.
Portage, MI 49024
+12693428773Get DirectionsFeedback
Help · Region
Privacy · Terms · Maps Terms
Start a hangout
Nannette EatonShared publicly -
Support literacy. Deliciously.
“It is no more necessary that a man should remember the different dinners and suppers which have made him healthy, than the different books which have made him wise. Let us see the results of good fo...
1
1
Add a comment...$91,000 Trulia Est.
-
- |
-
PUBLIC RECORD
2112 35th St #3 Rock Island, IL 61201
- Single-Family Home
- 2 Bedrooms
- 810 sqft
- Built in 1983
- Edit Home Facts
Property Details for 2112 35th St #3
Description provided by Trulia
2112 35th St #3 This is a Single-Family Home located at 2112 35th Street #3, Rock Island IL. 2112 35th St #3 has 2 beds and approximately 810 square feet. The property was built in 1983. 2112 35th St #3 is in the 61201 ZIP code in Rock Island, IL. The average list price for ZIP code 61201 is $110,562.
Public Records for 2112 35th St #3
Official property, sales, and tax information from county (public) records as of 03/2014:
- Single Family Residential
- Built In 1983
- Parking: Attached Garage
- County: Rock Island
- 2 Bedrooms
- Stories: 2 story with basement
- Parking Spaces: 1
- Tax Rate Code Area: 02
- 810 sqft
- A/C: Central
- Basement: Full Basement
See businesses, schools, and crimes near this home
Property Taxes and Assessment for 2112 35th St #3
Source: Public Records
Estimates around 2112 35th St #3
- Home Estimates for 2112 35th St #3Drink Up!
On June 6, Denver will see its last Thirst Friday — because this summer, one of Colorado's biggest cultural assets will also become a liquid asset. As of July 1, the state can start issuing art-gallery permits that allow galleries to serve (not sell) alcohol for four hours a day, fifteen days a year — as long as each gallery pays a $50 fee to the state, a $25 fee to its municipality, and generally behaves itself (limiting crowds to no more than 250 people, for example).
Raise a glass to assorted lawmakers for getting House Bill 08-1105 through the Colorado Legislature and creating this aesthetically pleasing loophole in state liquor laws, and to Governor Bill Ritter for signing it into law this week. With any luck, the new rules will prevent the sort of inane art attack that other parts of the country are seeing as the prudey police clamp down on the brie-and-Chablis crowd.
In the tony East Hamptons, cops raided several art shows last weekend, ticketing gallery owners and handcuffing one. "The police out here have nothing to do, so they come bother our galleries," gallery owner Ruth Kalb told the New York Post. "They came in here with all their muscles. They needed someone to fight." And so they picked out a 67-year-old whose gallery was serving wine at a photography show opening.
Seattle, too, reports crackdowns on those getting mild in the streets.
But this past session, Colorado legislators wisely recognized that there are much bigger public nuisances than art galleries that attract art lovers — or simply people who like to get out and about on the first Friday of every month. Now all the galleries need to do is apply for the permits, then observe the letter of the law and their own districts' dictates. The Art District on Santa Fe, for example, plans to keep its First Friday events dry — and channel the thousands of people who show up on the first Friday of the month into the neighborhood's bars and restaurants, including the Santa Fe Tequila Company, El Noa Noa and the excellent Continental Club, when they start thirsting for more than artistic fulfillment. Galleries in that district will instead be encouraged to use those permits to serve alcohol at non-First Friday events.
Either way, the local art scene is worth celebrating — and now we can toast it properly.An Indian social worker will pick up a $1 million cash prize and a gold medal from His Majesty King Hamad of Bahrain next month in recognition of his humanitarian work.
Dr Achyuta Samanta was yesterday (May 13) named as the recipi
FedEx Corp has committed approximately $1 million in cash, transportation support and a chartered flight to deliver critical medical aid and supplies to Nepal in the wake of last week’s devastating earthquake.
The Mem
Al Baraka Banking Group is set to start distributing $32.8 million cash dividends for last year to shareholders from today (April 29).
This follows approval of the proposal and the financial results by shareholders in the annual g
Nationality has proved to be a significant factor in determining how investors pay for their properties, as a recent study reveals Emiratis, unlike expatriates, opt for cash over finance.
Majority of Emiratis (54 per cent) preferr
Dubai Investments, a leading investment company listed on the Dubai Financial Market, has approved distribution of 12 per cent cash dividend and issue of six per cent bonus shares for the financial year ending December 31.
A propo
Securities and Investment Company (Sico), licensed by the Central Bank of Bahrain (CBB) as a conventional wholesale bank, has approved the payment of a cash dividend of BD3.86 million ($10.1 million), representing nine per cent of the paid-up ca
The shareholders of Nass Corporation are to get cash dividend of 15 per cent for last year.
The announcement was made during the company's annual general meeting (AGM) held at Abdulla Nass Auditorium in the Applied Science UniFor some reason, I cannot get special characters to show up in browsers. When encoded as UTF-8. I've got PHP sending a UTF-8 header, XML encoding declaring UTF-8, and my MySQL database is set to en-utf-8. I've even put the hack in my .htaccess file described in
I use UTF-8 for precise punctuation in my blog at any suggestions?January 20, 2019 — Total Lunar Eclipse — Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S.A.
◢
Max view in Philadelphia
Monday, January 21, 2019 at 12:12 AM
Global Type: Total Lunar Eclipse
Philadelphia: Philadelphia
All eclipses worldwide, from 1900 to 2100In another life, I worked with a lady colleague who, when she phoned large organisations and was answered by a pert young thing, always asked to speak to a grown-up. Reverse ageism.
Now, one of our large phone companies wants to charge a fee for a printed monthly statement of account. No charge, however, if you choose to receive it by email. How many people own a computer and modem? Raise your right hand if you're 65 or over. Keep it up if you depend on a telephone. Exactly.
In terms of age, our Prime Minister is nearly a pensioner. Get 'im off! Still in a job at 64? Disgusting. Make way for someone younger.
No money for guessing the ages of those promoting that view. For the record, Menzies was 72 when he retired as prime minister.
But my new heroes are the pensioners who caused chaos at Sydney airport recently by entering a terminal through an exit door. Security was in a right tizz. What would have happened if they'd left some unattended luggage with "bang" written on it?
If the authorities think it's a good idea to put the fear of God into the populace by talking up terrorism, imagine the feelings of us older folk who were brought up in less uncertain times.
Mind you, the last thing we want are militant wrinklies wandering around exposing the gaps in our brave, new and expensive security systems. Alert and alarmed? Try bewitched, bothered and bewildered. I've read that, as you age, the mind is the second thing to go.
Would you like me to pause here for a moment? Please don't mention sex in front of the k-i-d-s. The thought that their parents are still "doing it - and at their age" is enough to make them gag.
So let them have their childhood. And let me have my dotage - alone to spend sunny Wednesdays at Royal Randwick, alone to enjoy extremely long lunches with old friends and to take holidays whenever we damn well please.
Excuse me now - it's time for my tablets.
Readers are invited to apply wit to anything that makes the blood boil. Send 650 words, with contact details, to heckler@smh.com.au. Submissions may be edited and published on the internet.
Printer friendly versionAbstract
The putative visual word form area (pVWFA) is the most consistently activated region in single word reading studies (i.e., Vigneau et al. 2006), yet its function remains a matter of debate. The pVWFA may be predominantly used in reading or it could be a more general visual processor used in reading but also in other visual tasks. Here, resting-state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fcMRI) is used to characterize the functional relationships of the pVWFA to help adjudicate between these possibilities. rs-fcMRI defines relationships based on correlations in slow fluctuations of blood oxygen level-dependent activity occurring at rest. In this study, rs-fcMRI correlations show little relationship between the pVWFA and reading-related regions but a strong relationship between the pVWFA and dorsal attention regions thought to be related to spatial and feature attention. The rs-fcMRI correlations between the pVWFA and regions of the dorsal attention network increase with age and reading skill, while the correlations between the pVWFA and reading-related regions do not. These results argue the pVWFA is not used predominantly in reading but is a more general visual processor used in other visual tasks, as well as reading.My good friend Mama Cloud is pregnant with her first baby and it is an absolute joy to behold! Makes me almost want to get knocked up again. Almost.
Anyway, she’s taking a birthing class and the other day she told me that she asked her birthing instructor to tell her more about the mucus plug. She was worried she might miss it if she didn’t know what to look for. The instructor said “Don’t worry. You can’t miss it. It’s like your vaj blew its nose.” Oooh-wee, I just love a woman with a colorful arsenal of descriptions, don’t you?
Takes me right back to my own birthing class and learning all the new horrifying vocabulary words. My favorite was bloody show - the small amount of vaginal bleeding late in pregnancy that often precedes labor. Eeewwww! Sounds like a campy slasher film, doesn’t it? Did you know that you can have the bloody show and the mucus plug appear at the same time? Yessireebob. I call that the Bloody Mucus Plug Show. As in, “Hon! Pop us some popcorn and turn on the TV… it’s almost time for the Bloody Mucus Plug Show!” (Watch for it this fall on NBC.)
And linea nigra – the line of increased pigmentation running down the abdomen from the belly button to the pubic area during pregnancy. Or as The Gatekeeper called it, The Treasure Trail. For me, it was more like The Trail of Tears. Mine was so wide, dark, and furry, I looked like a fat messed up skunk. Probably smelled like one too. Don’t worry Mama Cloud… it goes away… eventually.
Then there’s the vernix caseosa – the whitish, cheesy, waxy substance that coats babies’ skin in late pregnancy. Mmmmm. Where’s my wine and box of Wheat Thins when I need it?
Or how about crowning - the appearance of the presenting fetal part (usually the head) at the vaginal opening during birth. Sounds so regal and elegant… totally not what it FEELS like when your ring of fire is about to rip into 8 jagged flailing pieces like that dog’s face in John Carpenter’s The Thing.
And speaking of which, the ring of fire – the burning sensation you feel when the baby’s head is passing through the vaginal opening. Nice description. Not scary or intimidating at all. Especially when you pair it with Johnny Cash singing “and it burns burns burns… the ring of FI-ire, the ring of fire.”
And lastly, perineum – the area between the giney and the hiney. You may know this region as “the taint,” as in “It ain’t your hoo-hoo, and t’ain’t your arse.” According to Urban Dictionary, also known as the vaganus. My birthing instructor used to wear a pink t-shirt that said “Support your local perineum.” Cracked me up every time. This is also the area you want to massage with oil during your pregnancy so it doesn’t end up ripping to shreds or being snipped by your episiotomy-happy OBGYN. Ah, good times. Good times.
So Mama Cloud, thanks for the appetizing stroll down memory lane. And also the future trip down Mammary Lane, as you discover the womanly art of breastfeeding (sure to be a blog-worthy experience). I love being a witness to your beautiful journey. And don’t be scared, honey, about all that stuff I said about ring-of-fire and tearing and cheesy residue and bloody mucus. Raising them is much more painful than birthing them.
nostalgically yours,
-Iris
February 4, 2011 at 4:13 pm
Good to have you back Iris. That post was snort-a-licious. Note to self – don’t inhale the coffee when reading the Iris….
February 4, 2011 at 4:20 pm
Hey girl! Thanks for finding me again! Actually, I hear that snorting coffee is the quickest way to get that caffeine. And, it probably removes those pesky nose hairs. (or is that just me?) Snort away! Cheers!Found Object
Twittering the Election
Are you getting impatient waiting for election updates? Go to Twitter's election page and watch the presidential Tweets filter in at a blistering pace. People are excited and mad and nervous and depressed and they're alerting the world with fascinating sub-140 character messages. Xeni Jardin, co-editor of Boing Boing, is a perfect example: "Is anyone else physiologically hyper today because of elections? I feel like a 5 yr old who just ate a bowl of Froot Loops & red bull." Her frantic psyche is a microcosm of the whole twitter world, with its short, constant, unfiltered updates. Make no mistake though—Twits have no facade of objectivity. They love Obama.2004 R2 had reports that ran under SQL Server Reporting Services via a web interface.
Does 2007 have stand alone reports or just the reports in the Analytics and Tuning Studio. Are the ones in the Analytics and Tuning Studio accessible from a browser?
Hello Marshall, yes we shipped a separate set of report RDL files that contain a lot of the same information that's available in the Analytics and Tuning Studio. The default install location for these is at ...\Program Files\Microsoft Office Communications Server Speech Server\SDK\Reports.
Thanks Stephen.
Are these the same reports as 2004 had?Apple and Google have grown to be bitter rivals on several fronts, but they’re on the same page when it comes to making the web a Flash-less place. No wonder, considering Adobe is aggressively pushing the latest versions of Flash and AIR on desktop and mobile. Those technologies also look like primary contenders for an upcoming digital print store that should bypass the iTunes ecosystem.
A recent incident involving Google and Adobe revealed a brewing antagonism and Flash technology is at the epicenter of it. As Geek reported, a Google employee publicly accused Adobe of blocking the latest HTML5 specification out of fear that open technologies might replace Adobe’s proprietary Flash technology. An Adobe engineer flatly dismisses those claims as ridiculous speculation, accusing the Google engineer, who is also a member of the HTML5 working group, of “abusing the official positions to grandstand and promote proprietary advantage.”
Proprietary web technologies clash with search engines like google.com which had only recently begun drilling through Flash and PDF documents on the web so you can search their contents. The aforementioned comment and Google’s general stance indicate that the company prefers a Flash-less web. But it’s not just Google, ironically Google’s new rival Apple shares the same interest. Apple and Adobe are already at odds over Apple’s refusal to add the Flash technology to its iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad. Putting aside for a moment a rumor that Steve Jobs allegedly called Adobe “lazy,” it’s a fact that Apple dismisses Flash as both a resource hog and a major security risk.
Adobe claims that Apple is forcing all the content through the App Store so it can monetize it. That doesn’t mean that the company is standing still – quite the contrary, Adobe confirmed that the upcoming Creative Suite 5 will compile a Flash project as an iPhone app, allowing developers to easily port their Flash content to the iPhone. While Flash apps and sites won’t disappear overnight, Flash videos might become a thing of the past.
Google is currently experimenting with a HTML5-based YouTube player, a strong indication that the largest video sharing site on the web might get rid of the Flash player entirely. Apple is playing the waiting game, convinced that all online videos will eventually move to HTML5. This will benefit the iPhone and iPad because those devices will be able to play today’s Flash videos provided that developers transcode and embed them using the <video> tag.
A part of the Open Screen Project, Adobe will make the latest Flash 10. 1 player available on a number of mobile platforms in the first half of 2010. Apple’s iPhone was notably absent from the announcement. According to a Strategy Analytics analysis from January 2010, more than 250 million smartphones are expected to support the full Flash player by the end 2012, including Android, Symbian OS, Palm webOS, the BlackBerry platform, and Windows Mobile.
The Photoshop maker also has high hopes for the latest iteration of its platform-agnostic AIR technology. An acronym for Adobe Integrated Runtime, AIR is a cross-platform runtime environment for building rich Internet applications using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, HTML, or Ajax, that can be deployed as a Windows, Mac OS X, or Linux desktop application.
The company announced at the Mobile World Congress that it will release Flash 10.1 and AIR 2.0 for Android, a major blow to iPhone because Flash and AIR developers will be able to easily deploy web apps that run outside the constraints of a browser to all Android devices. Adobe AIR includes specific functionality offered by mobile operating systems and devices such as multi-touch, gesture inputs, accelerometer, geolocation, and screen orientation.
Adobe says Apple isn't allowing Flash on iPhone OS devices in order to force all the content through the App Store, where it can monetize it. Pictured above: Apple's iPad browsing the New York Times homepage. Notice a blue lego cube denoting a missing Flash content.
Adobe is also pushing hard to make an AIR-powered reader a preferred platform for the re-packaged digital print content, such as interactive magazines, newspapers, and e-books. It is believed that a collaborative digital newsstand backed by five major magazine publishers is built around that technology. If true, Adobe could leverage Flash and AIR to beat the iTunes juggernaut in terms of emerging digital print products. This could be a major problem for Apple which is currently shopping the iPad around magazine and newspaper publishers who seem reluctant to cede control over digital print distribution to Steve Jobs.
Reader CommentsOutpacing Europe
Business | Manufacturers across the European Union have cut payrolls for 39 consecutive months
An estimated 1.7 million jobs have been created in the United States in the past year, lowering the jobless rate to 5.6 percent, but Europe continues to struggle with high unemployment and a jobless economic recovery.
In the European Union, for example, the jobless rate for the 12 countries using the euro for currency is nearly double that of the U.S. rate. Eurostat, the E.U.'s statistics agency, said overall unemployment in the region stood steady at 9 percent in July with unemployment in Spain running at 11 percent. Manufacturers across the European Union have cut payrolls for 39 consecutive months.
U.S. manufacturers, meanwhile, have reported job growth in six of the past seven months.
Cleared for a pay cut
In an effort to improve profitability, airlines are increasingly looking to pilots for concessions.
At Denver-based Frontier Airlines, the pilots union is pleased with a deal that moves the company's 500-plus pilots from a fixed monthly salary to an hourly pay system. Frontier officials expect costs to rise during the first six months of the new salary system, but believe costs will decline as scheduling efficiencies occur. The new plan also reduced the need for new pilots as the airline adds routes.
Labor negotiation isn't going as smoothly elsewhere. Delta management has warned of bankruptcy if it doesn't get deep wage cuts from its pilots. The company is seeking $1 billion in concessions; the union has offered $705 million.
At US Airways, management and pilots are discussing a new contract the airline says it needs to avoid a second trip into bankruptcy. Officials want about $800 million in labor cuts.
And at Continental Airlines, the pilots union and management agreed not to publicly denigrate one another as they begin new contract negotiations.
Balance Sheet
- New personal bankruptcy filings declined to 1.6 million in the past 12 months, according to the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. Economists say the decline is likely to continue because of tighter credit-granting standards and an improving economy. Banks, credit card companies, and retailers are pushing for federal legislation to curb abuse of the bankruptcy system by people who can afford to repay their debts; opponents blame the credit card industry for making credit too easily available.
- As retailers reported a third straight month of poor sales, even Wal-Mart Stores Inc. took a hit. The world's largest retailer suffered its weakest performance in more than 3 1/2 years in August. Analysts said higher gasoline prices and ongoing worries about jobs contributed to the poor showing for retailers nationwide in the important back-to-school shopping season.
- Ford Motor Co.'s car sales are down 22 percent from last year while truck sales have grown just 1 percent, causing the company to announce a cutback on production in the fourth quarter of this year. Some analysts have speculated that General Motors Corp., the world's top automaker, also will be forced to trim production later this year because of inflated inventories.
- A bankruptcy judge has approved the $786 million sale of Horizon Natural Resources-once the nation's fourth-largest coal company-to a group led by New York billionaire Wilbur Ross Jr. The new owners will divide the company into two entities, with International Coal Group owning most of Horizon's active mines and Old Ben Coal Co. made up largely of worked-out properties in need of reclamation.
- A recent Associated Press poll found that most workers in the United States are satisfied with their jobs. About five in 10 workers found their jobs very satisfying, while four rated it somewhat satisfying. Those most likely to be very satisfied were over 30, white, married, college-educated, homeowners, and Republicans.
You must be a WORLD member to post comments.- Guild Investment - -
November 23, 2012
Posted By Monty Guild & Tony Danaher On November 23, 2012 in Uncategorized:
To get the full content and much more, become a Gold Subscriber today to receive our weekly Premium Global Market Commentary, where we discuss our formulated plans and investing strategies.
Please click the button below to learn about the benefits of Gold Subscription, or contact our office at (310) 826-8600.
Guild Basic Needs IndexTM
The
Article printed from Guild Investment:
URL to article:While, ‘wea—30 term—in favor of a Jewish homeland in Palestine and a bi-national, not a Jewish state—and, as he wrote 30 years ago, "perhaps this personal history distorts my perspective" omsky’ston’somsky’s work. He would have us believe that Israel’somsky’s don’t use it myself, to tell you the truth. Just like I don’t [often] use the term "empire", because these are just inflammatory terms... I think it’s sufficient to just describe the situation, without comparing it to other situations".
Anyone familiar with Chomsky’s’aretz reported that South African law professor John Dugard, the special rapporteur for the United Nations on the situation of human rights in Occupied Palestine and a former member of his country’srael’s ‘apartheid’ as a "red flag" in Israel’s government’s actions. Israel has a largely unregulated, lively press and a "people’somsky’s own standard for applying them? Had he not moments before, said that the majority of the people must support them? He apparently has a different standard for Israelis than he does for Americans. And what the Palestinians may wish doesn’trael’srael’s actions on to the United States. To point this out is not to defend the US or its egregious history of global criminality—which is not defensible—but to expose the deep fault lines that inhabit Chomsky’s don’t acknowledge other efforts to blame others [presumably Israel] for what we do. Cheap, cowardly, and convenient, but I won’t take part in it. That’s precisely what’s at stake. Nothing else". .
Chomsky is against the boycotting of investments in Israel).  isnomsky’s Gift":
"MIT Institute Professor of Linguistics Noam Chomsky recently gave the greatest Hanukkah gift of all to opponents of the divestment campaign against Israel. By signing the Harvard-MIT divestment petition several months ago—and then denouncing divestment on Nov. 25 at Harvard—Chomsky has completely undercut the petition".
At his recent talk for the Harvard anthropology department, Chomsky stated:
"I am opposed and have been opposed for many years, in fact, I’ve." [10] , "I’m aware of no divestment movement. I had almost nothing to do with the "movement" except to insist that it not be a divestment movement.’" [11] omsky’s—getting doesn’t.
Chomsky clears Israel of its crimes
Last year, Noah Cohen had the temerity to challenge Chomsky’s." [12]." [13]
"The main task", he says, "is to bring the opinions and attitudes of the large majority of the US population into the arena of policy. As compared with other tasks facing activists, this is, and has long been a relatively simple one." [14] Simple?
Who, we must ask, is on Mars? Of course, as noted previously, he offers no suggestions as how to accomplish this.
Although he doesn’t.)... " [15]
Given the probable nature and outcome of previous "serious negotiations", and the relative strength in the power relationship, this would present no problem for Israel as was demonstrated at Oslo and since. Chomsky’s. [16. " [17]... " [18] . [19] " ". [20] doesn’t say. It certainly wasn’t those who took to the streets across the country to protest Israel’s that’s the way the lobby likes it. So is Chomsky creating a straw figure? It appears so.
If we follow Chomsky’s rael." raelrael’s response to the Intifada, absolving the Israelis of blame for their use has become something of a fetish for Chomsky as his introduction to The New Intifada [22]) [23]
What to do Chomsky again doesn’t say, but he does try to tell us why:
"On that matter, the fundamental reasons are not really controversial... It has long been understood that the gulf region has the major energy sources in the world... ". [24]." [25].omsky’s". [26]
Readers should note amidst the vagueness of this paragraph, how Chomsky’somsky’s dancing around the question of US aid, his opposition to divestment and sanctions, and to holding Israel to account, can be traced more to his Zionist perspective, irrespective of how he defines it, than to his general approach to historical events . It doesn’tomsky’somsky’s formulations en toto. How much responsibility for their failure can be laid at Chomsky’s.
[1] Noam Chomsky interviewed by Tim Halle,’aretz, August 24, 2004.
[7], Dec. 25, 2004.
[8] Pirates and Emperors, South End Press. Cambridge, 2002.
[9] Washington Post, 26 novembre 2003.
[10] Harvard Crimson, 2 décembre 2003.
[11] Cornell Daily Sun, 12 avril 2004.
[12] Znet, July 26, 2004.
[13] Znet, August 26, 2004.
[15] E-mail, November 26, 2004.
[16] Leila Hull, HRW, e-mail, November 27, 2004.
[17] E-mail, November 25, 2004.
[18] E-mail, novembre 26, 2004.
[19] Znet, April 2, 2002.
[20] The Fateful Triangle, South End, Boston, 1983, pp. 1-2.
[21] The New Intifada, Verso, London-New York, 2001 p. 18-19.
[23] Middle East Illusions, Rowman and Littlefield, Lanham, MD, 2003, p.207.
[24] Middle East Illusions, p. 209 Fateful Triangle, pp. 17 ff.
[25] The Fateful Triangle, pp 43-44.
[26] Peace in the Middle East, p. 56.- >
- Clothing
- >
- Men's Clothing
- >
- Men's Sweaters
- >
- in 6pm
Salomon - Xt Softshell L/s 1/2 Zip Tee (asphalt/black) - Apparel
Price: $105.00 $63.00 Saving: 40% In stockReport an error Email to friends
6pm.com is proud to offer the Salomon - XT Softshell L/S 1/2 Zip Tee (Asphalt/Black) - Apparel: The XT Softshell Tee blocks the wind without making you feel cold and clammy as you run. It manages moisture so you stay dry mile after mile. ; Smart Skin fabric wicks away moisture and dries quickly. ; Windproof front braves cold winds. ; Stretch back panel increases breathability. ; Seamless technology prevents chafing. ; Reflective elements help keep you visible. ; Half-length zip dumps excess heat quickly. ; One zip chest pocket. ; Front: 100% polyester. ; Back: 91% nylon, 9% Elastane. ; Machine wash cold and tumble dry low. ; Torso/Dress Length: 28 in ; Product measurements were taken using size MD. Please note that measurements may vary by size.I figured I'd share this list since I can personally vouch for the top two. Revlon ColorStay liquid liner in a pot is my liquid liner of choice! I was introduced to this by Ren of MakeupbyRenRen when we all used to share haul posts and starting out on the blogging scene. I've tried to stray to see if there was something out there equally as good... and I always came back home!
Maybelline NY Expert Eyes liners are liners my sister DarbyGirl/Toni would use interchangeably with CoverGirl Eye and Brow Makers for her brows. She's an OG... she still uses the liners and doesn't use powder and brush like I've switched to.And the “Sheep Herder Of The Year” Award Goes To…
Our favorite polyglot shepherd
You didn’t think we’d let the current award season pass by without creating our own EuroCheapo award category, did you?
Not only do we have keen eyes for hard-to-find budget hotels, but we can spot a fine photo-op while we’re on the hunt, too. This one comes from the French Alps. It was snapped while EuroCheapo staffer Pete was attempting (at no point, mind you, lost) to get back to Marseille for some bouillabaisse.
Mr. Sheep Herder proved to be quite a linguist, comfortably speaking to motorists in French, German, English, and Italian. Pas mal.
About the author
!Tags » Digital Media 2 » Page 2
Student’s final project goes viral and makes change happen - period
Some readers may have encountered the viral sensation generated by UWaterloo undergrad student Rupi Kaur’s class project this year. Rupi is one of my favorite past Waterloo students, and I was impressed by her handling of the media storm. 1,121 more words
What Does an EU Single Digital Market Mean to you?
The European Commission recently published its Digital Single Market Package, with the aim to level the playing field between businesses across the EU and create an “ 570 more words
postcard project- postcard returned
For our postcard project we had to write instructions of how to alter the postcard and then mail it out and report back with what the postcard looks like after we got it back. 77 more words
human motion
this is my final digital media video. it did not follow my original proposal as ithe videos i took for it originally didn’t come out very good.
Final Postcard Results
My final post card looked a lot like the first. I think its because the instructions were so straight forward. Both outcomes were very cute and I am very pleased! 16 more words
This is Power Baseball-My Experience
I spent the evening at the Appalachian Power Park, did interviews and talked with staff, fans, and some of the West Virginia Power’s super fans-The Toastman, Wheeler Bob, and members of the Power Rowdy Alley fan section. 809 more wordsHicksville Crime
Recent Crime News
Police: Two Charged with Robbery in Hicksville; Thre...
Sunday May 3 | via NewsLI.com
Nassau County Police have arrested to men for a Robbery that occurred in Hicksville on Saturday, May 2, 2015 at 1:40 a.m. According to Second Squad detectives, officers responded to a call for a robbery with a knife that just occurred in the vicinity of Malone Street and East Avenue. The 16 year old male victim was with defendants Bryan Gonzalez, 18 of Hicksville and Michael Campo, 25, of Jericho when both defendants pushed and struck the victim taking his bicycle. Comment?
Hempstead Man Arrested for Burglarizing Hicksville A...
Apr 20, 2015 | via LongIsland.com. Comment?
Cops: Bronx man charged in 2013 Hicksville burglary
Apr 17, 2015 | via Newsday
A 2013 burglary involving a broken front plate-glass window, stolen cash register and stolen cigarettes resulted in the arrest of a Bronx man this week through DNA evidence, Nassau County police said Friday. Anthony Cole, 27, of 220 W. 167th St., was arrested Wednesday by the state Division of Parole on an unrelated charge, police said. Comment?
Bronx Man Arrested for Burglarizing Hicksville Store
Apr 17, 2015 | via LongIsland.com
April 17th, 2015 - The Second Squad reports the details of an Arrest for Burglary that occurred on November 16, 2013 in Hicksville . According to detectives, a 70 year old employee of USA Variety Discount Store, 37 Woodbury Road, arrived at work and discovered a broken front plate glass window. Comment?I knew when I saw this “SUV” story on Ann Althouse`s site
Monday, June 08, 2009
“We see the people stacked like wood frequently.”
“If they had had the right number of people in there and they all had their seat belts on, they would have lived.” 10 passengers died in one SUV.
that when I clicked through, it would be an “illegal immigrant” story:
10 people killed in SUV rollover near Tucson
Jun 7, 2009
SONOITA, Ariz. (AP) â€”.Job:. There are also a number of college programs that offer a more technical education. Robert Keen, chief executive officer of Trees Ontario, a not-for-profit tree-planting advocacy group, said that many professionals now mix their education by having diplomas and degrees from both.
The role: It’s not just cutting down trees. Foresters help to manage forests, including growing trees and and ensuring their selection works well with other plant and animal species The role involves identifying types and species of trees and figuring out how to best care for and maintain forests. “There’s a science to it,” Mr. Keen said.
By the numbers: Canada has about 397 million hectares of forest, which represents about 10 per cent of the world’s woodlands, according to the Canadian government. About 148 million hectares of forests in Canada are independently certified as being sustainably managed, amounting to 38 per cent of the world’s certified forest area.
Job prospects: Things are looking up. The forest industry suffered big setbacks during the recession, but business is improving and more attention is being paid to sustainable forestry practices in order to maintain trees for future generations. What’s more, there are a growing number of retirements on the horizon, which will open up jobs for younger people coming into the industry.
Challenges: Many foresters spend their days outdoors, which is great when the weather is warm and sunny, but less fun in the cold rain and snow. Still, Mr. Keen doesn’t even see that as much of a problem. “It’s part of the job. You just have to dress for it.”
Why they do it: These are the true tree huggers. A love for the outdoors and trees in particular are what lead people into this profession, Mr. Keen said. “These are people who want to take care of the environment and are passionate about it.” As they climb the ladder, some foresters may wind up spending more time in an office than outside. For instance, Mr. Keen’s office is based in downtown Toronto.
Misconceptions: They aren’t lumberjacks. Foresters don’t spend their days handling chainsaws dressed in red plaid jackets. To try to change this common misconception, Mr. Keen said the industry is discussing whether it should be referred to as environmental science instead of forestry. “Foresters are true ecologists with a long-term vision,” he said.
Give us the scoop: Are you a forester.Facebook […]An independent Appeal Committee convened in Glasgow on Monday, 17 August, to hear the appeals lodged against decisions of the independent Disciplinary Committee regarding the Heineken Cup quarter-final match between Harlequins and Leinster at the Twickenham Stoop on 12 April, 2009.
The original independent Disciplinary Committee, which convened over three days (2, 3 and 20 July), found that the club (Harlequins) and Mr Tom Williams were guilty of misconduct under the Heineken Cup Disciplinary Rules by fabricating a wound or blood injury in order to allow Nick Evans (No 10), who had earlier been substituted, to return to the field of play during the match.
The original committee imposed a fine of 250,000 Euro on Harlequins, of which 50 per cent was suspended for two years, and the committee suspended Mr Williams from playing rugby for a period of 12 months up to and including 19 July, 2010.
The committee found that the misconduct complaints against club officials Dean Richards (Director of Rugby), Dr Wendy Chapman (Doctor) and Steph Brennan (Physiotherapist) had not been proven.
Mr Williams lodged an appeal against the sanction imposed on him and ERC Disciplinary Officer Roger O'Connor appealed the level of sanction imposed on the club (Harlequins) and the decision of the committee to dismiss misconduct complaints against the three club officials.
Appeal Decisions
After almost 14 hours of hearings the independent Appeal Committee, chaired by Rod McKenzie (Scotland) and also comprising Professor Lorne D Crerar (Scotland) and Mark McParland (Ireland), issued the following decisions.
Tom Williams: Following the introduction of new evidence by Mr Williams where he admitted his guilt in the misconduct and where he explained the part played by Mr Richards and Mr Brennan in fabricating the wound or blood injury, as well as disclosing full details of the steps taken by those involved to cover up what had happened in the period following the match, the mommittee upheld the appeal and reduced the sanction to a suspension of four (4) months up-to and including 19 November 2009.
Dean Richards: Following the introduction of the new evidence by Mr Williams and an admission of guilt by Dean Richards, the mommittee allowed the ERC appeal and found that Mr Richards was guilty of misconduct in that he organised the fabrication of a wound or blood injury. Mr Richards acknowledged that he had orchestrated the subsequent cover up of the incident.
The committee imposed a suspension of three (3) years on Mr Richards from participating in any capacity in ERC tournaments and will be requesting that other tournaments and Governing Bodies give effect to this suspension in their tournaments.
Steph Brennan: Following the introduction of the new evidence by Mr Williams and an admission of guilt by Steph Brennan, the committee allowed the appeal and found that Mr Brennan was guilty of misconduct in that he participated in the fabrication of a wound or blood injury.
Mr Brennan acknowledged that he had been actively involved in the subsequent cover up of the incident.
The committee imposed a suspension of two (2) years on Mr Brennan from participating in any capacity in ERC tournaments and will be requesting that other tournaments and Governing Bodies give effect to this suspension in their tournaments.
During the course of the hearing it was disclosed that there had been four previous occasions in non ERC tournaments in which Mr Richards and Mr Brennan had fabricated a wound or blood injury. Details of these incidents will be passed on to the relevant tournaments organiser.
The club (Harlequins): The committee found that the club were vicariously liable for the actions of its employees and that the level of misconduct by its employees was of a greater magnitude than had been established in the original hearing based on the new evidence from Mr Williams and upheld the ERC appeal and increased the fine imposed on the Club to 300,000 Euro, which it must pay in full by 1 December 2009.
Dr Wendy Chapman: The Appeal Committee dismissed the ERCs Disciplinary Officer’s appeal on grounds that the Appeal Committee lacked jurisdiction under the Disciplinary Rules in this particular case.
Notes
Independent Appeal Committee:
a) Following the decision(s) of an independent Disciplinary Committee all parties (the Club, player(s), individuals and ERC) have the right to appeal the decision(s) of the Committee.
b) The independent Appeal Committee is chosen by the Chairman of the independent Disciplinary Panel Professor Lorne Crerar.
c) None of the members of the independent Disciplinary Committee who issued the decisions being challenged in the appeal(s) may sit on the independent Appeal Committee.
d) The full written decision(s) for the original independent Disciplinary Hearing and the Appeal Hearing will be made available onercrugby.com/disciplinenews at a later date when the full written decision(s) of the Appeal hearing have been completed and issued to all parties.
Will Greenwood
Brian Moore
Steve James
Sir Ian McGeechan
Sir Ian McGeechan
Mick Cleary
Chris RobshawStudent Conduct
Integrity | Responsibility | Respect
Our Foundation.
- Engaging student in discussions about their behavior in light of the requisites of community living and the academic mission of the University;
- Providing learning experiences for student who participate in the implementation of the conduct process;
- Fairly and consistently enforcing University policies and procedures; and
- Collaborating with students, faculty, and other key members of the University community to improve awareness of value-based behaviors.Gary Jones believes City fans have got that grinning feeling at long last.
The captain ended his long association with Rochdale to cross the Pennines in the summer with the aim of bringing glory back to Valley Parade.
And he reckons the reaction of the success-starved supporters is proof that the fifth-placed Bantams are bang on course to achieve their promotion goal, despite the injury setbacks.
Jones said: “The fans have been great with us from minute one. The support they give us really is like a 12th man out there.
“They’ve had years in the doldrums but it’s nice to see us winning games now. You can see we’re putting smiles on their faces again.
“They are coming out in numbers to support the lads and we’re trying to give them something back.”
At 35, Jones may be the grand old man in the side but his hunger for the game remains as strong as ever.
Phil Parkinson highlights his desire and will to win as the example for the rest of the squad to follow.
The midfielder’s midweek winner against Plymouth was only his second goal for the club but with wingers Kyel Reid and Zavon Hines still sidelined, there is scope now for Jones – who once netted 19 in a season at Spotland – to push forward more.
“You need the big players to produce inspirational moments,” was Parkinson’s reaction to the goal that kept City firmly ensconced in the play-off zone.
Parkinson now wants his side to build on that result at Bristol Rovers tomorrow. Another win could even lift them into the third automatic promotion spot – they are currently only a point adrift of Cheltenham.
Jones is quite happy to keep expectations high despite the non-stop workload of matches created by their success on all fronts.
He said: “It’s a great confidence booster if you’re winning games. We’ve played a lot of games already but everyone wants to be in all these competitions – nothing beats winning.
“When I first spoke to the manager, he was talking about getting this club going again. That’s what we’re trying to do.
“It’s a great place to be and things are going well so far. We’re winning games and going up the table.
“We’ve got a small squad but it is one full of quality that the club probably haven’t had in the past. Players can come in at the drop of a hat to replace someone else and you don’t notice any slip in standard.
“That’s what you need to have a good season. It’s not just a case of somebody filling a position but getting the chance and doing a really good job.
“We’ve got total confidence in all the lads in the squad to be able to do that when called upon.
“We’ve got that mentality here. Everyone wants to work hard for the team and we’ve got match-winners who can make things happen.
“I think we’ve got the lot and you can see that on any given day we can beat whoever is put in front of us.”
Please log in to enable comment sorting
10:06am Fri 23 Nov 12
Rambo says...
The problem then was not recruiting during the January window to help carry us over the line, some players lost form and the goals that. dried up; it seems a lot of teams that go onto promotion do strengthen in that period. We didn't.
1:35pm Fri 23 Nov 12
BantamsRus says...
2:05pm Fri 23 Nov 12
spleen ventor says... , .
The primary responsibilities of a Business Systems Analyst are: Gather business requirements from users and translate to system requirements Coordinate system development between users and system staff Enhance system to fit new or changing business requirements Analyze, test and5/19/2015 Jersey City, N
Requisition Number:700 Job Title:Quality Assurance Analyst Area of Interest:Information Technology Position Type:Full Time - Permanent Shift: Location:Jacksonville Office City:Jacksonville State / Province:Florida Requirements:See Job Description Job Description: Position Title:4 Description: Customer Service is the customer gateway into Razorsight for the following functions: Central communication point for all products and services Client requests and questions Application error & resolution Invoice and feed management4/20/2015 Reston, VA
Position Type: Full Time Position Location: San Francisco Job Description: RadiumOne is looking for a data analyst to help explore innovative online, mobile, video, and social advertising targeting strategies. The analyst will be involved in the entire data flow of our3
Description The Business Analyst works with stakeholders from all business units and related third parties to define and document business processes and software requirements for technology initiatives, including online products, content management systems, and business3/25/2015 Audubon, PANation to Nation
Thursday, August 21, 2008
Find out how the Chinese government is using the 2008 Beijing Olympics to promote its political ideology, at home and abroad. Also: a look at Slow Food Nation, an upcoming American food celebration and policy symposium. Hear how Europe’s most valuable art was moved to America. And on Underreported: how China's air pollution is harming Chinese children. Guest host Kerry Nolan sits in for Leonard.
Guests:Kerry Nolan
Sports and Politics in Asia .
Slow Food Nation
Slow Food Nation is the first-ever American gathering to unite the growing sustainable food movement, and introduce new ideas for improving U.S. food policy. Anya Fernald is Executive Director of Slow Food Nation, which is happening in San Francisco Aug. 29 – Sept. 1.
European Art Grab
Many of America’s great Old Masters art collections, like that at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, were developed by Gilded Age tycoons. Cynthia Saltzman, author of Old Masters, New World, talks about the race to bring Europe’s most valuable art to America.
Event: Cynthia Saltzman will be speaking and ...
Underreported: Eating Mud Cakes in Haiti.
Underreported: Is Pollution Poisoning China’s Children?
With the Beijing Olympics underway, everyone’s talking about how air pollution there is affecting athletes’ performances. But how is it affecting Chinese children’s physical and intellectual development? Dr. Frederica Perera, director of Columbia University’s Center for Children’s Environmental Health, joins us to explain how China’s pollution problem may be poisoning ...It’s always wise thinking to be prepared for the worse case scenarios, whether on the job, at school, during traveling or amongst sporting events. Accidents just happen, injuries just occur, and random contractions are unpredictable, such incidents are why caretakers, sports physicians, first responders, nursing staffs, parents and the like all need to be stocked with a slew of miscellaneous supplies to be helpful for mostly every cause. We as people are just simply clumsy, unaware, foolish, full of unfortunate bad luck and fragile. Therefore it’s profitable and responsible to be stocked and ready for “the what have you,” whenever, wherever and however it comes.
First Aid Room Supplies offers a multiple range ofwell-rounded, miscellaneous minor medical equipment that is apt for aiding in an individual wounds and or minor injuries. We at PackagingSuppliesByMail.Com are a grand source for stocking a wide range of First Aid Room Supplies that will keep your stock steady and ready for the unfortunate unpredictable occurrence. Below:
As the chart details, there are various demonstrations in which First Aid Room Supplies can be quite helpful for providing relief. The biggest accident is to be unprepared when any of these misfortunes occur. It’s prevalent that we as humans will contract minor injuries, so it’s important to always be prepared just in case.
We at PackagingSuppliesByMail.Com specialize in providing premium products swiftly and at low cost. Be sure to surf our site and view an entire catalog of standard First Aid Supplies that are applicable to common injuries across the board.1.
Want to get Outside more?
Sign up for our newsletter and get the latest fitness tips, expert gear reviews, the best travel advice, and more.Distance from Dryden to Sacramento
Distance is 2584 kilometers or 1606 miles or 1395 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Dryden and Sacramento
- Location for Dryden
- Location for Sacramento
Heading from Sacramento
SeeMichigan Transfer Agreement at HFCC April 23
Effective fall 2014, the Michigan Transfer Agreement will replace the current Michigan Association of Collegiate and Admissions Officers (MACRAO) at HFCC.
To help better understand the MTA and how it relates to transfer to four-year institutions, the HFCC Counseling and Advising Division will host an MTA training event from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Wednesday, April 23, in the Community Room of the Welcome Center. Eastern Michigan University (EMU) and the University of Michigan-Dearborn, two of HFCC’s main transfer universities, will present this event.
In 2012, the Michigan legislature included language in the community college appropriations bill that focused on improving the transferability of core college courses by revising the current MACRAO agreement. As a result, a new title was created under the MTA to replace the MACRAO.
The MTA training event is free and open to the public. To register and/or further information, please call Imad Nouri at 313.845.9750 or register for the event at.Comfort Suites Southpark
No
- " src="" alt="Baymont Inn & Suites" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Quality Inn at Fort Lee" class="accom_photo">
How has this hotel rated in the past?
Location
Amenities
- Continental Breakfast
- Suites
- Free High-Speed Internet
- Swimming pool
- Business Services
- Wheelchair accessibility
Photos of Comfort Suites Southpark
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews Comfort Suites Southpark Colonial Heights
Travel Blogs from Colonial Heights
Home away from home
... 27 6:41am am getting warmer ... Arrived at the thousand Island boarder 7.00am breezes through with our nexus passes Next stop Preble New York and I took over the wheel -14oC @. 9:10 am Drove until just north of Harrisburg ...12:30 pm and had pizza... yum yum ...it's now -3 and there is still snow on the ground Just crossed the Maryland boarder at 1:45 pm ... ...
Packing up!
We are ready to go! Today we finalized cramming all of our things into the van. They magically fit (although C.D.'s items are not yet packed).
An interesting email came through today concerning our campground on the Mississippi River. It seems tomorrow the river is expected to crest. The Mighty Mississippi has flooded our campground (which of course ...
Come Fly With Me, Come Fly Away...
Flight from Richmond to LAX was mostly uneventful. Here are some of the things that were not.
At security, I was not molested nor was my luggage opened and looked through.
The flight from Richmond to Dulles was delayed by and hour and a half. The captain of the flight apologized for the delay and then said they didn't understand the delay either.
Because of the delay to Dulles, I was bumped to a later flight ...Norton granted £625,000 government-backed loan Published: 01 August 2011 Norton granted £625,000 government-backed loan 1,000 motorcycles a year. It is one of four trade finance schemes promised as part of the Trade White Paper, a key part of the Plan for Growth. Under ExEFG, the high street bank Santander is lending £625,000 to Norton. their workforce to 60 full time staff by 2012 and significantly extend their factory.. By Andy Downes Other pages you might like ... NewsArticles VideoVideos Ellison looking forward to Snetterton outing MCE British Superbike championship leader James Ellison says he’s looking forward to the chance... Geoff Duke OBE has died at 92 Geoffrey Duke OBE (29.03.1923 – 01.05.2015) was motorcycling's first true superstar, a man... First glimpse of Norton Lightweight TT bike This is the first sight of the new Norton TT bike that will compete in the Lightweight race with MCN... Crutchlow explains crash Cal Crutchlow was punished for a small mistake at Le Mans with the Englishman crashing out of the... Pedrosa: No answers for my crash Dani Pedrosa's comeback from injury was marred by a crash but ultimately he was able to remount and... MCN Festival: 60 years of historic race bikes in action See and hear a huge collection of historic machines as they fire up in celebration of MCN’s...: Norton Commando 961SE world first ride - "The legend is back!" MCN has been granted a world exclusive first ride on the production ready Norton Commando 961... Sixth race celebration for KTM’s Dungey Red Bull KTM racer and AMA Supercross championship leader Ryan Dungey has moved himself one step...... Video: Norton Commando 961 set for launch The New Norton Commando 961 is ready to roll. MCN was granted exclusive access to Norton's factory... I, Superbiker: Split Second makes London premiere I, Superbiker, the story of the 2014 MCE British Superbike Championship, has made it’s London... Norton granted £625,000 government-backed loanThe weekend of May 18-20 was punctuated by the second annual ‘Go For Souls' Edmonton (Canada & Bermuda Territory) evangelism conference. Major Murray Jaster (Medicine Hat, C&B Territory) led worship and Corps Sergeant-Major Aaron White (614 Vancouver, C&B Territory) preached through the book of Acts to a crowd from various cities, provinces, and countries. A jam-packed hall at the Edmonton Crossroads Corps hosted the final meeting characterised by a powerful Holy Spirit-generated response at the Mercy Seat.
A memorable, event-personifying statement made during one of CSM Aaron White's sermon, "As we see throughout the book of Acts, the Holy Spirit is the initiator of evangelism, the enabler and empowerment for evangelism, and the great promise of evangelism. Without the Holy Spirit there is no true evangelism. Without the Holy Spirit, there is no true Christian life."
Evangelism Workshops featured at ‘Go For Souls' Edmonton included: ‘Conversational Evangelism' with Major Danielle Strickland;‘Prophetic Evangelism', taught by Recruiting Sergeant Nicole Brindle (614 Vancouver); ‘Treasure Hunt Evangelism', led by CSM Aaron White; ‘Children Evangelism' with Lieutenant Lorri-Anne Butler (Castledown, C&B Territory); and ‘Door-to-Door Evangelism' taught by Major Stephen Court.
The ‘Go For Souls' movement is inspired by General William Booth's exhortation, 'Go for souls and go for the worst'. Founded in Australia by Lieutenant James Thompson with Board of Reference members in seven territories, ‘Go For Souls' conferences happen in different countries around the world. It includes online resources (goforsouls.com) evangelism training, and the conferences.
What makes ‘Go For Souls' noteworthy? Several things:
- Not only are delegates trained in evangelising, they actually go out and do it;
- At every ‘Go For Souls' conference around the world so far, people have been converted. The Edmonton conference was no exception;
- It is a local-based, global-networked movement;
- It is a grass-roots movement - people want it and make it happen;
- This is a rare Salvation Army conference that makes money, even though it is free (profits from this event are aimed to a mission campaign in Africa);
- There were five Corps Sergeant-Majors present at ‘Go For Souls' Edmonton, from five cities (and three countries!).
The other great news is that you can sponsor a ‘Go For Souls' conference at your corps - just see the Go For Souls website for details!
Major Stephen Court
Edmonton Crossroads Corps Officer
Canada and Bermuda Territory
SOCIAL MEDIAMay 22, 2015
TOKYO (AP) -.
Speaking in Japanese at a Tokyo court, he apologized for the troubles he had caused so many people.
Kyodo News said debts at Mt. Gox totaled more than 6.5 billion yen ($65 million), surpassing its assets.
The exchange's unplugging this week drew renewed regulatory attention to a currency created in 2009 as a way to make transactions across borders without third parties such as.What about a Secondary Character’s Point of View?
Blogger: Mary Keeley
I had a lively conversation with a client this week about a secondary character’s point of view in the client’s book. This person wanted to know if there are hard and fast rules about their use. The answer is a qualified no, which is why POV decisions can be a stumbling block for authors. The issues at stake are purpose and balance.
A set of rules for point of view use would simplify things. Always follow this procedure for this genre, only one POV for that genre, and so on. But fortunately, there are no hard and fast rules. Novels would become formulaic. Narrative non-fiction would be boring. There is room for trends in writing to evolve. For example, when a few romance writers risked including the hero’s POV along with the heroine’s, publishers were amazed at the positive reader response. Today that evolving trend is standard procedure. The point is: don’t restrict yourself to some assumed rule.
Authors need to look for creative ways to make their books stand out from the crowd in this tight publishing market. Inclusion of a subordinate character’s POV is one way to accomplish this goal. It isn’t a new innovation, but the technique can provide a unique effect in your book because your characters are different from those in anyone else’s book. Done well, this character’s viewpoint will add depth of understanding to your main characters and tension to your story.
That’s the trick. It must be done flawlessly.
Two questions to ask yourself while you’re in the process of incorporating a secondary character POV: Am I accomplishing the purpose for using it? and Am I maintaining a proper balance between the main character’s POV and the subordinate character’s POV?
Using those questions as a guiding force, I listed five possible reasons to use a secondary character’s POV. Perhaps they will help you too.
1. To further engage readers. This involves specific planning when you map out your book. A common mistake, especially for new writers, is to switch to the secondary character’s POV in the middle of a main character POV moment. Avoid this at all costs. It confuses the reader and distracts from the flow. Ask your critique partners to read the particular scene and give feedback.
2. To deepen the reader’s emotional connection with the main characters. Sometimes the best way to reveal something about a main character, which may or may not be known by him or her, is through another character who knows something…the cook, the childhood friend, the enemy. In other words a character in the background of the story who is in a position to have knowledge or insight.
3. To reveal something about the main character’s motivations. Use a secondary character POV to reveal why a main character does what he does or reacts the way she does when the main character aren’t aware of the whys themselves or when doing so better accomplishes the effect to keep the reader’s interest at a particular point in the story.
4. To add to the tension. Use a secondary character POV to add mystery surrounding one of the main characters. This can be an especially helpful tool to avoid a sagging middle in the story.
5. To help readers further understand the main characters’ struggles. Sometimes it would be awkward, impossible, or would slow the pace if the main character POV attempted to explain why a struggle is so hard for him. A secondary character’s more objective POV may be more effective in helping the reader to sympathize with and care about the main character’s struggles.
If you have secondary character POVs in your work, why are you using them? Having read these guidelines, do you think a secondary character POV might be more effective in accomplishing the effect you want?
TWEETABLES:
When using secondary character’s point of view, purpose and balance are the guiding forces. Click to Tweet.
Five good reasons to use a secondary character’s viewpoint in your book. Click to Tweet.
Mary, thank you for all this great information. You’ve given me much to think on. I’m still learning, so I’m going to enjoy listening in today.
And this makes me think of the movie Pollyanna … we learned so much about the main character (her Aunt Polly Harrington) from the kitchen help, etc!
You’re welcome, Shelli. I hope you enjoy the conversation today.
I appreciate you posting on this topic! My friends and I discuss multiple POV’s, so it’s great to hear from an expert.
As a reader I get frustrated when there are more than three POV’s in a romance. It almost always detracts from the romance. I prefer to read only two POV’s in a romance–the hero and heroine.
I like multiple POV’s in other genres, though. It depends on how the writer handles it.
I agree on both counts, Jill. In a romance we want to concentrate on the romance. In other genres effective use of a secondary character POV seamlessly flows in a way that keeps the reader’s focus on a main character.
Interesting topic. You’re absolutely right that secondary POV has to be very focused, and specific to an intended purpose.
Wouk used this technique to a limited degree in “The Caine Mutiny”, and to a much greater degree in “The Winds of War” and “War and Remembrance”; the latter were epic in scale, and, like war, would have been incomprehensible from a single POV.
Ruark also used some secondary POV in “Something of Value”, and achieved an interesting result. He describes the interrogation (using enhanced psychological methods) of a captured Mau Mau leader from that individual’s POV; he appears only in that scene.
The modus operandi of the Mau Mau was to violently break the Kikuyu from their tribal traditions – “when everyone is outcast, no one will be outcast”. The interrogation was designed to allow the prisoner to reconnect with his heritage, and find honor and peace in betraying his erstwhile comrades in Mau Mau. It was a neat way of illustrating just how the insurgency worked, and the way it was ultimately put down. (By the way – the name Mau Mau has no significance – it was a nonsense phrase in keeping with the nihilistic nature of the insurgency.)
I don’t personally use secondary POV, because I write for a smaller ‘stage’. Epics are fun to read, but not to write, and while I’ve considered it, I feel that secondary POV would be confusing – and could seem a bit manipulative to the reader.
Andrew, you always have such interesting contributions to our discussions. Your mention of the secondary POV appearing only in one scene is important to note here. It’s something I should have included in the post. A secondary character’s POV doesn’t need to extend through the book. A once or twice occurrence may be the best way to enhance the depth or tension the author wants to achieve.
Thanks for mentioning the sparse occurrence, Mary. When I read books where this happens, I wonder why if the rest of the book remains in the MC’s POV. You’ve given a great reason for the writer to use it.
If the secondary character is involved in most of the story, do you think it’s okay to only have their POV in a couple of scenes?
Or if the secondary character is only in a couple of scenes it’s okay to write from their POV?
Thanks for clarifying.
(Completely serious tone here, in case you’re tempted to think otherwise…)
You have 100% retention of anything you’ve ever read or seen, don’t you? You absolutely blow my mind.
The Mau Mau and Kikuyu? Amazing, Andrew, really. That struggle was decades ago, and yet entirely relevant today, and to this discussion.
Wow.
I read ‘Something of Value’ in 1986, but it was a pretty memorable book.
And yes, we do have much to learn from that sad passage in Africa’s history.
Good shot, Mary.
Thanks, Norma.
I’ve used a subplot POV character in my stories, but I haven’t tried using a secondary character’s POV yet. I like to know my characters pretty well before I begin writing, so that means spending time with them. I think part of the reason I haven’t tried a secondary character’s POV yet is because I would want to take more time to figure out the character. I know, it sounds weak.
Your five points are good. I think I’ll consider a secondary character POV (more limited) in a future story. Thanks for sharing this, Mary.
You’re welcome, Jeanne.
This is a great post, Mary, thank you!
I’ll be tattooing this on my arm for future reference. In teeny tiny font…or, ya know, I could bookmark it?!
My first book begins in 1864 and ends in 1895. It involves two sisters, their husbands, their children, their distinctive struggles and their overuse of the word ‘their’.
There is almost no way to NOT have secondary POV’s in a story spanning thirty years. Book two will have considerably fewer characters, but as is in book one, the secondaries move the events of the two main characters forward, and hopefully, add some relief to the mounting tensions between the MC’s.
They add a perspective that the MC’s can’t, and a depth that builds the link from the reader to the story, like the third strand of a braid.
I prefer to read a story with a warm, vibrant cast, not just one or two solitary cold souls who need more warmth and colour.
“They add a perspective that the MC’s can’t, and a depth that builds the link from the reader to the story…” Good description of what a successful use of secondary character POVs can contribute to a story, Jennifer.
Thanks. I have the theory down…I just need to do it!!
😉
One thing to consider is the description of secondary characters’ reactions as a kind of pseudo-POV. It goes a bit deeper than the usual narrative description, and should be used with care, but it can certainly be effective.
It’s used in movies all the time, and sometimes very well.
If you look at the scene in Kenneth Branagh’s “Henry V” in which King Henry coldly rejects his old friend Falstaff – “I know thee not, old man” – the camera cuts to Falstaff’s face, and in the anguish of his being discarded there is the mirror of the young king – heartless and yet ultimately heroic, carrying the weight of rule and war.
You, sir, an encyclopedia. I’d hate to play Trivial Pursuit with you!
If you haven’t seen Branagh’s Henry V, it’s well worth it.
I think he puts Olivier firmly in the shade (though one must bow to the fact that Olivier’s version, made in 1945, was emblematic of Britain close to the end of a long and ghastly war – they needed an iconic figure, rather than Branagh’s coming-of-age king).
Mary, what great tips!
I agree with Jill. In a romance, I want to know what’s going on with the hero and heroine primarily from their POV.
In one of the books in my series, I’ve brought in a third POV at very brief intervals in keeping with #3 above. This character’s insight reveals the hero’s motivations without oversharing–which I think is key. We want the reader to continue growing right along with the hero/heroine. Giving away too much through another character’s POV makes a reader feel cheated, I think.
Indeed, Cynthia. Overdoing a secondary character’s POV is not only misuse of the technique, cheating the reader, but it also distracts the reader’s focus from the main character, which causes further problems.
I have never tried this, but I can see where it might really set a work apart. Thanks for challenging us.
You’re welcome, Lisa.
I enjoy reading and writing the secondary character POV for your reasons #3 and #4, Mary. Andrew’s comment and your response above about a secondary POV appearing only once reminded me of my first ms (now in a drawer but hoping to emerge at some point in the future). The antagonist hired a student of his to act as thug and trash the main character’s apartment as a warning. But I didn’t want the only action to be the MC’s reaction when he sees that his apartment is trashed. So with one scene, I went into the thug’s POV as he was doing the trashing. The secondary character’s motivation enhanced the MC’s motivation. Like I said, that story is in a drawer now, so I can’t testify to any success with it.
But it was fun to write.
Once may be all that is needed from a secondary POV, as in your example, Meghan. But done well, it can add depth and insight to the main character that couldn’t be accomplished any other way.
I used a secondary character’s POV in my upcoming release, The Pursuit of Tamsen Littlejohn, in order to keep the antagonists front and center in the story without going inside their heads and deflating the tension and suspense. Having a more sympathetic character connected to them (but not privy to their thoughts), who has a decidedly different outlook on life than most people, also added humor and texture to the story. He has his own story arc as well.
Interesting, Lori. I can’t wait to read it!
As a reader I strongly dislike any secondary viewpoints; Particularly in novels of less than 500 pages. They take away from the main characters and interrupt the flow of the storyline. Something or someone always suffers. One gets no surprises. One book in particular of which I am thinking is 320 pages with FOUR viewpoints. It’s supposed to be a romance, but we got viewpoints of the heroine, hero, the supposed-to-be-other-love-interest, and the teenage niece of the heroine. If you’re writing any kind of romance, whether straight romance or romantic fiction, keep to the hero and heroine. If you want to write for teens and their issues write a novel for them. Please don’t mix the two. I don’t mind teen issues if the heroine is a widowed mother of teens. One would expect those things in her life. Just keep to the mom’s viewpoint. All in all the best books I have read have had only one viewpoint. That being the viewpoint of a female by a female author or a male by a male author. Whew! That was a mouthful.:) This is my opinion and I’m throwing it in here to express another view on the subject.:)
Let me clarify something here. Lots of the books I own and enjoy do have secondary viewpoints, but I think they would have been loads better without them. When I re-read those books I usually skip all those scenes or skim-read.
Thanks for sharing your viewpoint, Sylvia. It’s helpful for readers to know their POV preferences in the books they select. Choosing which books you want to invest time and money in is an easier process.
Someone else commented about overuse of secondary character POV that you allude to as well. It points to ineffective use of the technique.
Don’t read my books when I’m published, Sylvia.
I’m the opposite of you. I love reading romances with multiple POV’s, and that’s what I write. I hate books with one POV, because the author usually chooses the character I care the least about. (Yes, I’m odd
I seem to be incapable of writing with any less than four POV’s. I have my hero and heroine, of course. Then I’ll have another character in a subplot that interacts with the main plot and is sometimes a close friend of the hero’s. The fourth will either be the villain, or in the case of my space opera one of the spy type people working behind the scenes of the main plot and providing crucial information about what’s going on that’s affecting the hero but he doesn’t know about it.
Yes, I like complicated. And epic.
Great points, and definitely a post to consider as I’m starting my third story. In my first two stories (as you know), I had three POVs, but the only reason I had three is because there were secondary love interests for the heroines. The secondary love interests didn’t get many POV scenes, but just enough to give the reader more understanding. Since I write romances, I agree with Jill and Cindy that the story should be about the hero and heroine and shouldn’t focus on a secondary character–however, when the secondary character is part of the love triangle, sometimes it’s necessary. In my current WIP I believe there will only be two POVs. I agree with you, there shouldn’t be a “formula” for POVs–each story is unique and you should do what needs to be done to move the story along and keep the tension high–sometimes that includes the secondary POV.
Gabrielle, that is an interesting exception to the unspoken standard. It supports the theory that writers shouldn’t feel they have to rigidly adhere to a formula, but can create outside the lines when it is the best way to achieve a purposeful effect.
Mary, this post really got me thinking—what fun it would be to use a secondary character POV. You focus on using the secondary POV to illuminate the main character, but the picture of Mrs. Patmore was an interesting choice. I love it when we see the fullness of her character, as in her sweet moments “mothering” Daisy. But Mrs. P. doesn’t really tell us much about the main characters, except in her frenzy to please them, and therefore keep her job—which is certainly important. “Downton Abbey” has two major spheres of plot twisting around each other—who are the main characters really? and whose POV would I use when if I were writing the novel? That’s a fun knot to think of untying.
I love your observation, Cristine. Yes, Downton Abbey is more complicated. Mrs. Patmore is a secondary character within the staff sphere. Of course Julian Fellowes has surprised us many times. He has a bevy of minor characters he can tap into if there is purpose in their viewpoint.
Secondary POV was on my mind today, so this is much appreciated. When I first began work on this middle grade historical, I included three points of view: the female MC, the male MC, and that of the town gossip. Early comments from critiques stated the adult POV of the town gossip was good and it also helped to reinforce why the female MC didn’t like her very much.
As I’ve gotten back into it, I really think I need to drop that POV. I’ve actually been trying to stick simply to the female MC’s POV, but I feel that’s a shame since this is set during Reconstruction and the male MC is an African American stable hand. By using his POV the reader could gain a great deal about what it was like to be him during this time period, but honestly, I’m not certain that needs to be any type of focus, since the main story isn’t about that. Decisions. Decisions.
You do have a lot to think about Cheryl. What is the main storyline? Base your decisions on what best moves that along.
Thanks for the advice, Mary. I appreciate it.
Some very helpful advice here. I have a group of writer friends I’ll be sharing this with.
I’ve yet to find it necessary to use a secondary POV in this manner, but I do subplots with other POV characters regularly. I seem to be incapable of writing without two plots, but that’s okay with me because I love it.
I love reading multiple POV books. If it’s one POV I come away feeling like part of the story is missing.
Thanks for sharing your interesting viewpoint, Rachel. It’s evidence of the value a secondary POV can have in a story.
Thank you, Mary, for this interesting topic. It’s got me thinking about adding a secondary character’s point of view in my next draft. One of my main character’s friends is a water sprite who has lived for many ages and who has told the main character that she knows a great deal about what’s going on in the Five Magical Lands even though she never leaves her brook. Because she is so tiny, people say and do things in front of her without even noticing she’s there. So, she might be able to offer some insights and perspective on occasion.
Thank you for the idea!
Blessings!
Christine, the water sprite is good example of a secondary character who might seem to be almost inconsequential but who sees and hears much from the background. At some point her POV could be the best tool to achieve a desired effect.
Blessings to you too.
Thank you
Love the wealth of information here today. Thank you for starting the conversation Mary.
You’re very welcome, Jenni.
I’ve recently been writing stories with only two POVs. But I just went back and picked up a series I wrote in 2008, thinking of reworking the three books, and saw that I had written four POVs in each story.
On thinking about it after this blog, I realized that I used the other POVs for a combination of humor and world building. A lot of the time the leads don’t think what they are going through is particularly funny, but it will be hilarious to a third party.
I also used it to world build; for example, showing the King’s POV about his son’s (an alien prince) marriage to a human allows the reader to understand more about their society and the cultural, political and legal ramifications for their society if the marriage takes place. These are issues that the prince either doesn’t see or would be strange and awkward for him to think to himself or say to the heroine during their romance.
These may not be POVs that are needed during a contemporary romance where the heroine is smart and sassy and we all know the cultural context. But for the type of story I was writing, a sweeping science fiction romance about the slow acceptance of humans by an alien society, I found it really necessary.
Aeon, adding additional POVs is an interesting way to achieve those desired effects. Thanks for sharing.
The trick to creating secondary POV characters is to create the secondary character’s own story to explicate a “corollary” of the main theme of the book. This works for any number of points of view, but each POV character has to be living their own story that resonates with the main character’s story. Theme is the binding force.
That’s an excellent point. The secondary POVs can be likened to guy ropes helping to hold up a tent, while the main POV is the tentpost.
. . . . does the POV of a dog count?
I bet you knew I was going to ask that?
This is a subject I’m certainly interested in. In the past I’ve written stories from single POVs and it’s been okay, but constraining. If the story is about what one person learns or becomes it can be very strong. But if I’m telling a larger story how can you possibly stick to one person’s POV, especially when (a) there are events that the MC has not witnessed but are needed to build up suspense- Hitchcock’s bomb under the table- or (b) the story covers multiple generations or long spans of time?
A quick glance around my room makes me ask, who is the main character in:
The Lord Of The Rings?
Les Miserables?
The Stand?
Vienna Prelude? (The whole Zion series for that matter)
The Godfather?
Next (Michael Crichton)?
Most Elmore Leonard books?
And who is the main character on Downton Abbey? Or for that matter, The Simpsons?
Of course some books it’s easy to figure out: John Watson tells his stories about Sherlock Holmes, making it clear who the subject is. Len Deighton has used FP in every book of his I’ve read. Jack Reacher tells his stories and is in every scene. Sam Spade doesn’t tell his own story but never leaves the stage. Same with Richard Sharpe. And John LeCarre is so clever that 200 pages of The Russia House zip by before you even know it’s a first person narrative.
But Tom Clancy uses lots of POVs. Don’t believe me? Look at The Hunt For Red October. Who is the main character? Jack Ryan or Marko Ramius? The same could be asked of my favorite of his books, Cardinal of the Kremlin. In both cases the story lines don’t cross until hundreds of pages have passed. In Clear and Present Danger Ryan doesn’t step onstage for over 300 pages. Whose book is it?
I would defy anyone to make a water-tight case that Frodo is the main character of Tolkien’s trilogy. I could destroy it in seconds.
I won’t try to make a case that all of the books I’ve mentioned are great literature (Who is that Vic Hugo guy anyway?) but they all seem to have struck a chord with the readers. I believe there are valid reasons for using multiple POVs, and it sounds like some of the writers here have done it. My question is, is there virtue in NOT knowing who your MC is when you set out or can you let the story decide that as you write?
Darby, you built up a strong case before you asked your intriguing question. It is a rare author who can write a novel without first determining the main characters and their struggles (inner journey) and then mapping out the plot that moves the main character or characters’ story(ies) along to the desired ending (outer journey).
I love your e-mails. I learn more from you and you colleagues than I did at the University.
Your kinds words are much appreciated, Alda. They encourage us that we are accomplishing our purpose here.
For me it’s voice, every character to have a distinctive voice. What they’re thinking is not what they’re actually saying.
As an avid reader of all genres, but primarily romance, I enjoy books that offer POVs outside of the hero and heroine. In fact, all of my favorites have them! Not only do these POVs provide insight into the hero/heroine, I enjoy the bolstering of the story’s theme, plus the addition of a subplot. This subplot aspect seems to always add further tension and intrigue! With that being said, I always include more than 2 POVs in my romantic suspense manuscripts. Hero, heroine, villain, and sometimes a 4th depending on the story. I think difference sub-genres have different reader expectations.Return to Index
And Samuel said to all Israel, You see that I have given ear to everything you said to me, and have made a king over you.
And now, see, the king is before you: and I am old and grey-headed, and my sons are with you: I have been living before your eyes from my early days till now. said, You have never been untrue to us or cruel to us; you have taken nothing from any man.
Then he said, The Lord is witness against you, and the man on whom he has put the holy oil is witness this day that you have seen no wrong in me. And they said, He is witness.
And Samuel said to the people, The Lord is witness, who gave authority to Moses and Aaron, and who took your fathers up out of the land of Egypt.
Keep your places now, while I take up the argument with you before the Lord, and give you the story of the righteousness of the Lord, which he has made clear by his acts to you and to your fathers..
Then crying out to the Lord, they said, We have done evil, because we have been turned away from the Lord, worshipping the Baals and the Astartes: but now, make us safe from those who are against us and we will be your servants.
So the Lord sent Jerubbaal and Barak and Jephthah and Samuel and took you out of the power of those who were fighting against you on every side, and made you safe.
And when you saw that Nahash, the king of the Ammonites, was coming against you, you said to me, No more of this; we will have a king for our ruler: when the Lord your God was your king.
Here, then, is the king marked out by you: the Lord has put a king over you.
If in the fear of the Lord you are his servants, hearing his voice and not going against the orders of the Lord, but being true to the Lord your God, you and the king ruling over you, then all will be well:
But if you do not give ear to the voice of the Lord, but go against his orders, then the hand of the Lord will be against you and against your king for your destruction, as it was against your fathers.
Now keep where you are and see this great thing which the Lord will do before your eyes..;
And do not go from the right way turning to those false gods in which there is no profit and no salvation, for they are false.
For the Lord will not give his people up, because of the honour of his name; for it was the Lord's pleasure to make of you a people for himself.
And as for me, never will I go against the orders of the Lord by giving up my prayers for you: but I will go on teaching you the good and right way.
Only go in the fear of the Lord, and be his true servants with all your heart, keeping in mind what great things he has done for you.
But if you still do evil, destruction will overtake you and your king.
HTMLBible Software - Public Domain Software by johnhurt.comMRCPMembership of Royal College of Physician
Part 1
SelfStudy
SCORE Self-Study Package for MRCP Part 1 is designed to fulfill the tremendous curriculum assigned for the 1st MRCP exam. Our goal is to cover the main topics with guiding adequately-detailed materials which put physicians on the right way to excel the exam topics, keeping in mind their tight schedules and busy minds.
MRCP Self-Study Package includes:
1.SCORE lecture notes:
- Lecture notes prepared for the 1st MRCP exam, which highly and continuously updated will get you to the most important points without wasting time in irrelevant topics or very detailed level of knowledge.
- Notes cover the following topics:
- Chest
- Cardiology
- Nephrology
- Dermatology
- Electrolytes
- Endocrinology
- Gastroenterology
- Hematology
- Infectious diseases
- Neurology
- Psychiatry
- Rheumatology
- Clinical Pharmacology
- Basic Sciences
- Statistics & Epidemiology
2.Exam preparation reading list:
- You will be provided with text books and Q-Banks needed in preparation for MRCP part 1 exam. This list is selected carefully to be compatible with our lecture notes. Thus you will have briefly detailed notes; textbooks to be your reference in certain topics you may find yourself in a need for more details and Q&A papers to train yourself on the exam style questions.
- Online Specialized Q-Banks are highly recommended before the exam for at least 2 months after finishing the study materials.
3.Live session before your exam:
- You are recommended to attend a couple of live sessions with our staff before your exam according to live groups’ schedule. Live sessions include 2 types of sessions:
- Lectures of some topics we think they have a major difference than your medical background which include [Basic Sciences, Clinical Pharmacology, Electrolytes and Acid-Base balance and Statistics & Epidemiology]
- Revision set : you will have the option to get 50% discount on the Live revision course with our Examiners staff before yourFrom: Greg Troxel <gdt@netbsd.org> Subject: CVS commit: pkgsrc/mk/flavor/pkg To: pkgsrc-changes@NetBSD.org Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2007 17:57:28 +0000 (UTC) Reply-To: gdt@netbsd.org Module Name: pkgsrc Committed By: gdt Date: Fri Aug 10 17:57:28 UTC 2007 Modified Files: pkgsrc/mk/flavor/pkg: replace.mk Log Message: store +REQUIRED_BY and +INSTALLED_INFO in work/.replace-FOO rather than in work/.pkgdb, so as not to lose them in install-clean. Because of this, put them back explicitly. (Fixes 'make replace loses +REQUIRED_BY', and also the unreported 'make replace loses +INSTALLED_INFO'.) To generate a diff of this commit: cvs rdiff -r1.14 -r1.15 pkgsrc/mk/flavor/pkg/replace.mk Please note that diffs are not public domain; they are subject to the copyright notices on the relevant files.These days the best way to share materials is to use a free file storage service such as Dropbox, Box, We Transfer, Google Drive, etc. Upload your files and images, provide us with a link to the folder, and we can then retrieve the materials. It’s very easy to do, and very convenient for everyone involved.
Please include all relevant info, such as: The name of the product(s), company name(s), website URL(s), statement describing product(s), name of designer(s) and anything else you can think of. We prefer high-quality images in .JPG format.
Thank you!Ready for this one? Ever the religious flip-flopper, Britney Spears has apparently traded in crucifixes and red strings for the Star of David. Is the Hebrew symbol in homage to her new man, Jewish model-actor Isaac Cohen?
Britney Spears was raised Southern Baptist and wore Christian crosses on a regular basis before Madonna turned her on to Kabbalah - and turned T.H. Gossip on by sticking her tongue down Britney's throat - in 2003.
The pop singer began studying the mystical offshoot of Judaism and started wearing the religion's famed red string bracelet designed to ward off the "evil eye." Then, in May 2006, the soon-to-be-ex Mrs. Kevin Federline announced that she was giving up Kabbalah, saying "my baby is my religion."
Yeah. Such a strong religion, in fact, that until this past week, Britney was seldom (if ever) seen with newborn baby Jayden James Federline.
But she appeared to have found a new faith Monday night when she showed off her new Star of David. When Britney Spears and Isaac Cohen were on their way home from the Chateau Marmont, photographers captured the star on her necklace. See below:
Has Britney gone Jewtastic? Does anyone care? We'll keep you posted.General Insurance Jobs in South Africa
What your responsibility is as an insurance broker will vary according to the size and type of employer. Your typical duties include marketing services, researching insurance policies and products, keeping records, promptly responding to clients' requests, scheduling and attending meetings, developing new businesses, preparing reports, making sure work is undertaken efficiently, discussing and assessing clients' current and future insurance needs. A degree in any subject is acceptable for an insurance broker. Relevant experience and postgraduate insurance and risk management qualifications can be advantageous. Key skills for an insurance broker to have include: confident, analytical, excellent time-manager, reliable, excellent communication skills, interpersonal.
Call Centre Agent - Sandton
Use your degree to get started in this group of companies. No specific experience required. This is a unique opportunity to join a company and begin in one of many career paths. Excellent English and Afrikaans essential, lots of energy, perservera [view in new tab]
Job Type: Graduate | Applications: 41 | Recruiter: Watershed Consulting
Refine your Search
- Date
- All
- Last Day
- Last 2 Days
- Last week
- Location
- All
- Eastern Cape
- Free State
- Gauteng
- Kwazulu-Natal
- Limpopo
- Mpumalanga
- Northern Cape
- North-West
- Transkei
- Western CapeYouth Orchestra has a new music director
Published 4:00 am, Wednesday, July 13, 2005
Caption
Benjamin Shwartz is the new director of the San Francisco Symphony Youth Orchestra Credit: Frank Siteman/San Francisco SymphonyPhoto: Frank Siteman
The San Francisco Symphony has named Benjamin Shwartz as music director of the San Francisco Symphony Youth Orchestra and assistant conductor of the Symphony. Edwin Outwater, Shwartz's predecessor with the Youth Orchestra, will continue as the Symphony's resident conductor.
In addition to his duties with the Youth Orchestra, Shwartz will assist Music Director Michael Tilson Thomas and cover, or serve as understudy, for guest conductors. Outwater will continue to lead the Symphony's family and education concerts as well as covering Thomas' subscription programs.
Shwartz, a 25-year-old graduate of the Curtis Institute in Philadelphia, has held conducting posts with the Delaware and Reading (Penn.) symphonies, both of which he gave up to come to San Francisco.
"Between the Youth Orchestra and my other responsibilities here, it's a full-time job," he said. "I'm open to guest-conducting opportunities, but there's no way I could maintain another position."
Among his plans for the Youth Orchestra is an emphasis on music of the Classical period and more contemporary repertoire.
"There's a certain refinement that you need to play Haydn, Mozart or Beethoven, that you can then transfer to Romantic works. That's harder to achieve if you're playing only Brahms and Tchaikovsky."
As for contemporary music, that was what made Shwartz want to become a conductor in the first place. Bartók's Concerto for Orchestra did the trick, he says.
"Well before I heard Bartók I wanted to be a musician. But until then I had no idea that music could be so energetic and raw and exciting. And I feel more connected to that than to Mozart, even though Mozart is my favorite composer.
"Before kids are told that modern music is scary or hard, that's the best time to give them the opportunity to play it and experience it with fresh ears. "
Shwartz was born and raised mostly in Los Angeles, although he spent a few childhood years in Israel, where his father is from. He began piano studies at 9, then switched to flute.
He attended Curtis as a flute student, taking courses in philosophy and literature at the University of Pennsylvania, then reapplied to Curtis' graduate program in conducting. A guest-conducting stint with the New World Symphony in Miami first brought him to Thomas' attention.
In addition to purely artistic goals, Shwartz says he wants to see the Youth Orchestra do what he calls "horizontal outreach," appealing to the peers and classmates of the orchestra members.
"The orchestra is a wonderful thing for the players and for the people who come to hear us. But we also want to be able to do something for these students' friends. It's harder for middle school students to listen to an adult orchestra and connect to it than when it's their own friends playing.
"Of course, you couldn't do this with a less-good orchestra. You don't excite kids about Beethoven by playing Beethoven badly. But if they hear it played well, and done by kids of their own age -- well, that can be a real discovery."Feedback
Help · Region
Privacy · Terms · Maps Terms
Start a hangout
Profile
Verified local business
Cheap Stair Parts
(866) 727-9356
Stair Contractor
Today Open 24 hours
9 followers|18,232 views
AboutPostsPhotosYouTube
Stream
The Aalto Collection is hitting the shelves! On May 5th select items from the series will be available for order and ready to ship. For more information please visit our website.
1
Add a comment...
Visit Our Google+ Page and Leave Us a Review! - Ironwood Connection Houston - Staircase Remodeling & Custom Stair Installation. Call for a free quote.
Staircase Remodeling & Custom Stair Installation. Call for a free quote.
2
Add a comment...
Have you done business with us? Leave us a review! - We want to know how our customers feel. Good or bad, we appreciate your input!
1
Add a comment...
This patent pending design is unique compared to all other iron balusters on the market. The top and bottom of the baluster feature a beautiful scroll design while the center of the baluster is removed, cut to length and then re installed to give an amazing design that no other iron baluster can offer.
1
Add a comment...
Wooden handrails are used as a safety rail for staircase remodeling, balconies, and wall support. Our handrail profiles are industry standard profiles that pair seamlessly with our solid wood fittings.
1
Add a comment...
Cheap Stair Parts Monte Carlo Series Balusters
1
Add a comment...
Check out our new Aalto Renovation! This staircase features Satin Black 16.2.1 plain bars and 16.6.1 double square balusters. These sleek and simplistic components compliment modern and contemporary style decor.
1
Add a comment...
The Designer Square Tubular series has unique scroll designs that create a focal point in your stairs. Just sprinkle in some scrolls! These balusters are 5/8" thick and are made with tubular (hollow) bars making them lighter to ship and easier to cut while also being just as strong as the solid balusters.
1
Add a comment....
1
Add a comment...
Wrought iron newel posts for stairs function as the support post for a staircase. They go at the starting step, on landings and on balcony areas that have runs longer than 8 ft. Many people choose iron newels over wood in order to match with their iron balusters.
1
Add a comment...
The Orleans Series iron balusters feature a fleur-de-lis ornament combined with Tuscan hand hammering. We are the only iron baluster supplier that offers this unique design. Goes great into French style homes.
1
Add a comment...
MoreLoading...
Contact Information
Houston, TX
USTexasHouston
(866) 727-9356cheapstairparts.com
Stair ContractorToday Open 24 hours
An online retail store that sells stair parts, iron balusters, wood handrail, wood newels, stair treads, iron panels and other stair accessories for residential staircases.
Google+ URL
Review Summary
Write a review
Photos
Upload public photo
Your Activity
All reviews
Most helpful
Latest
Highest score
Lowest score
Clara Parker
in the last week
My husband and I purchased some of the tuscany panels online. We received the order in about 5 days and everything was really securely packaged. We used the panels to create a front gate for our new home, and we are so pleased with the end result! Thanks for the great products and excellent service.
Amanda Schultz
2 months ago
I could not be happier with the service. Overall, the products are beautifully crafted, the shipping is fast, and the customer service is beyond my expectations. I will definitely be a return customer. Thank you!
melissa Nunes
2 years ago
Cheap stair repairs is one of the best services out there in my opnion. I had old ricket stairs in my house that were in dire need of some TLC and cheap stair repairs were there to do the job! Affordable pricing and a job well done, Who could ask for more? Definetely a company I would use again!
Brandon Allin
2 years ago
Anything you could possibly need for your staircase can be found here at an excellent price courtesy of their outstanding customer service team. A 5 star company providing 5 star parts. No need to look anywhere else.
Zoey Willis
a month ago
By far the highest quality products online for the lowest cost. I have been through many stair suppliers in the past, and I have always run into issues with product quality, durability, price, and shipping. Cheap stair parts receives 5 stars in every category! Thanks!
Jacob Wagner
a month ago
This is my fourth year ordering from Cheap stair parts, and I couldn't be happier with the service I've received. This place has some of the best products in the industry at the lowest price. Thanks for everything!
Mary McKinney
2 years ago
We used Cheap Stair Parts for remodeling my mothers beautiful Victorian style home. The customer service went above and beyond what we expected from them and we only paid a fraction of what we were thinking the stair case was going to cost. We are so very happy!
MoreLoading...Gale Gand's - Quick Vanilla Buttercream Frosting
Total Time
Prep 5 mins
Cook 10 mins
I have made many different variations of buttercream frosting because it is my husband's favorite. I have to say, I like this best. I made 1 1/2 x recipe to frost a double layer 9" cake.
Ingredients Nutrition
- 3 cups confectioners' sugar
- 1 cup butter, softened at room temperature
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract, use clear vanilla extract for a whiter frosting
- 1 -2 tablespoon.
Reviews
Most Helpful
This frosting is amazing! It's light and creamy and delicious!
Good icing if you like buttercream. I'm not a huge fan of buttercreams, and this one is very buttery tasting. I added some food coloring and frosted cupcakes for a baby shower. I stuck the cakes in fridge and the icing set up well. I would make again if I needed a buttercream icing. This recipe was almost exactly enough for 1 dozen cupcakes, so I had to double it.
Gale Gand's - Quick Vanilla Buttercream FrostingAll public logs
Combined display of all available logs of FamiLAB Wiki. You can narrow down the view by selecting a log type, the username (case-sensitive), or the affected page (also case-sensitive).
- 15:18, 21 March 2012 Mack (Talk | contribs) automatically marked revision 1050 of page Minutes 2/21/12 patrolledSynopsis
Explicit Sexual Content! Caleb knew he was from a special race born to serve the Crystalline gods. Monks trained him as a priest until he reached adulthood, and then he went to Crystalline palace to serve his masters—as a sex slave.
Caleb’s world is shattered. His beloved gods are lascivious pigs. He can’t accept that the righteous faith he built his whole life around is a farce. Caleb flees the god’s harem to try to be a missionary for them. He hopes putting some distance between him and his new duties will somehow bring back the ideals he had growing up.
Unfortunately for Caleb the Crystalline gods aren’t the only ones who desire his kind. General Caine, a high-ranking demon for the Crystalline gods’ worst enemy, is looking for a mate just like Caleb. When his ship is destroyed he’s marooned on an icy world with his new demon suitor.
People who read this also enjoyed
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:
- DESKTOP
- eREADERS
- TABLETS
- IOS
- ANDROID
- WINDOWSExhibition
Runnin Down a Dream DJ Roberts
7 Jan 2014 – 15 Feb 2014
Event times
Gallery Open 10.am-5.00pm Wednesday-Saturday
Cost of entry
Free
Address
- Unit 9 Resolution Way
- Deptford
- London
- SE8 4NT
- United Kingdom
-
Travel Information
- Bus: 47, 53, 453
- Train: Deptford Rail Station.
Runnin Down a Dream DJ Roberts.
AboutOCCUPY MY TIME GALLERY PRESENTS RUNNIN DOWN A DREAM DJ ROBERTS The What. OCCUPY MY TIME GALLERY Director Sue Cohen Enclave 9 Resolution Way Deptford SE8 4AL Contact Sue Cohen for further details at suecohen@ntlworld.com Tel: 07931 536327 Open Wed - Sat : 10am - 5pm Nearest Train Station: Deptford: Overground. Deptford Bridge: DLR New Cross: London Overground. Bus: 188, 47, 199
Art form
Conversation
Have you been to this event? What do you think? Join the discussion here!
Remember, you can include links to your instagram pictures and to videos.The official Facebook like button is ugly, no surprise there.
I’m going to display a custom facebook and twitter icon font that is much better looking below every post and page; that I know how to do.
I’d like to use the code so that visitors to my site can share their favorite posts and pages on Facebook.
The problem is that I cannot find what custom paramaters to pass in the code so that it will pull the content & title from posts that my visitors want to share.
I want to use this code dynamically so that I do not have to individually type in parameters for every post and page.
Any ideas?
Thanks,
Dan
I think you might have to set meta data in the head section.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.When it comes to dating advice, it’s often beneficial to look to the behavior of our neighbors in the animal kingdom. After all, who would know more about instincts and social status than creatures whose very survival depends upon such knowledge?
In honor of Shark Week, we’re examining the habits of nature’s fiercest and most majestic fish. What can sharks tell us about how to conduct ourselves in romantic endeavors? Lots, as it turns out. So, before you accuse this writer of looking for any possible excuse to write about sharks, look at the facts.
Here are five dating tips from actual sharks.
1. Keep Your Eyes Open
Many species of sharks never close their eyes — not even when they’re sleeping. People who are actively looking for a relationship should take notice. Paying attention to the details provides you with easy conversation starters and makes you more aware signals so that you’ll know when someone wants you to chat them up.
2. Don’t Attack Until You Smell Blood In The Water
Relax. It’s a metaphor, people. The reason that sharks attack when they smell blood is because it’s an indicator of easier prey. In dating, single folks too often make the mistake of asking a person out before they’ve actually shown any interest. This makes for a lot of unnecessary rejection. Have they been smiling at you? Touching your arm? Laughing at your jokes? That’s when you ask for the digits.
3. Use Your Senses
Through the use of their enhanced sense of smell, their remarkable sensitivity to vibrations in the water and their acute hearing, sharks are excellent at determining the position of their prey. You have senses that help you in dating, too. You just don’t always use them. Try getting out of your head for a minute and remember that chemistry is something that is felt and not always understood rationally.
4. Use Your “Gill Rakers”
Sharks are most well known for being the ocean’s most fearsome predators, but many sharks subsist mostly on vegetation. By swimming with their mouths open, sharks are able to catch floating algae as they swim. Of course, there’s a lot more floating in the sea than just algae. Sharks’ “gill rakers” separate the nutritional bits from the junk.
So what’s the lesson? Rather than hunting very specifically for what you want, keep your options open and weed out the undesirables as they come your way. It takes less effort and it improves your odds of finding someone who’s right for you.
5. Flexibility Helps
Sharks don’t have a single bone in their body (it’s all cartilage) but no one has ever accused them of being wishy-washy. The flexibility of sharks makes them better hunters — i.e. it makes them better at getting what they want. Being able to move easily in different environments will diversify the people you’re meeting. Practicing flexibility makes you a better date and, ultimately, a better partner.
More Like This:
5 Dating “Sharks” To Avoid Falling Prey To
5 KILLER Dates For Shark Week
How to Date an Alpha Male: Advice from Animal Planet’s Dave SalmoniRENO, NV - If you have the day off, and you're looking to attend a local memorial day service, there are some options.
In Reno, you might want to check out the annual service at Mountain View Cemetery which starts at 11:00 am and will feature speakers from the Air Force, Navy, Marine Corps and Nevada State Honor Guard, and a performance by the Silver Dollar Chorus.
The VFW will also hold a ceremony at 9:00 am at the Old Knights of Pythias Cemetery on Angel and 9th for those who wish to attend.
An annual service will also be held in Fernley at the Northern Nevada Veterans' Memorial Cemetery. That begins at 11:00. Representatives of Senators Harry Reid and Dean Heller are expected to attend.
In Carson City, a memorial service will be held in the Veterans' Section of Lone Mountain Cemetery at 1:00 on Beverly Drive.Every person has a story to tell. And so does the car that person drives. One way or another, the set of wheels you own represents the type of person you are and the type of life you lead. After all, most people didn't spend thousands of dollars on a car they picked simply by spinning a wheel and going, "THAT ONE." Each person is presented with various options, based on how much money they can spend, what the family situation (or lack there of) looks like, what your job entails, and how flashy you like to be. How much you know about cars can also play a huge roll into what sits in your driveway. We've taken all of these factors into account and bottled up the average driver of each type of vehicle typically looks like. What the Type of Car You Drive Says About You is the judgemental result.
RELATED: What Your Car Says About You
RELATED: The 11 Types of Drivers You See in High SchoolJustification
This species was thought to have a moderately small range which was suspected to be decreasing owing to habitat loss, and within which it was known from few locations. It was consequently classified as Near Threatened. Its range was remapped in 2010 and found to be well above the threshold at which a species may be considered Vulnerable. It has therefore been downlisted
Killeen, T. J.; Schulenberg, T. S. 1998. A biological assessment of Parque Nacional Noel Kempff Mercado, Bolivia. Conservation International, Washington, DC.
Parker, T. A.; Rocha, O. 1991. Notes on the status and behaviour of the Rusty-necked Piculet Picumnus fuscus. Bulletin of the British Ornithologists' Club 111: 91-92.
Short, L. L. 1982. Woodpeckers of the world. Delaware Museum of Natural History, Greenville, Delaware.
Benstead, P., Capper, D., Sharpe, C J, Stuart, T.
Contributors
Stuart, T.
Recommended citation
BirdLife International (2015) Species factsheet: Picumnus fuscus..Joined: 10 September 2009
Posts: 33984
@AshaNegi7 hey asha how are you plz replay your fans na missing your tweets plz
@JiaKhusi hey jia:) hw r u??
@AshaNegi7 Hiii How are you ?
@SanjuK1985 m good:)
@AshaNegi7 missing ur precious tweets a lot ...
@Asha_FC hey:)
@AshaNegi7 heyyy ashu di no reply for die hard fans huh:-)
@sakshimagoo hey sakshi:)
@AshaNegi7 Ashu whr r u my darling?? R u gussa on us? Plz twt something for us na n do rpy plz plz...:-)aj shgt hai?
@Mrs_RithvikD hey Shruti:)
@AshaNegi7 Hi Asha I love you and I'm getting more excited every day to meet you ghrejkger <333
@sheetalistall hey sheetal:) v too are excited:)
@rithvik_RD @AshaNegi7 #Ashvik plzz tweet once na r u angry with ur fans ...plz tweet us for ur fans plz plz
@chanchalp7 hey:)
The following 9 member(s) liked the above post:
aditty, kandykandy, Manoshono, aathya, Ashlaika, Huma-, prityy89, peachesnplums, ashfaque2012,
Joined: 06 March 2012
Posts: 26635
@shaktiarora i was busy with exams i had askd u to wish me gud luck bt u didnt tweet bk after that.
@sunitavaswani2 oh so sorry..didn't see ur msg..
@shaktiarora i always want a husband like Dr. Onir... So caring & lovable... Superb ...
@damsel15aug awww..
@shaktiarora can u plz confirm if ur havng ur acc on #facebook othr thn ur offivl page??
@iamangelsneha yes I do..
Joined: 06 March 2012
Posts: 26635
Plz follow @BrainCafeIndia for some fundu info n crazy facts.. ;)
Joined: 10 September 2009
Posts: 33984
"@Prathikri: @rithvik_RD today is our frnd Garima's bday,your RT will b @narainananya & my gift to her" Plz RT @rithvik_RD! She will love it
@narainananya pls wish her from my side...:)
@rithvik_RD @AshaNegi7 Awesom VM of #Ashvik … plzz watch it by @eshaaax3
@RajkumariO its brilliant...:)
@AshaNegi7 @rithvik_RD If you watch this and tweet me what you think I'll give you chocolate & clothes LOL :P …
@sheetalistall hahaa I would love cloths anyday...:p
@rithvik_RD Whnever i c u i get mesmerized n ma eyes stop blinkng 2n extnd of tears in ma eyes so ur tweet can only get smile on ma face;(
@Ruhinaahmed20 a's so sweet of you ruhina...:)
The following 10 member(s) liked the above post:
aditty, kandykandy, Thanee, rithika2012, Pancham101, aathya, Huma-, prityy89, peachesnplums, ashfaque2012,
Joined: 10 September 2009
Posts: 33984
Hahhhaaa... So true!! pic.twitter.com/VBzQDUzccM
The following 6 member(s) liked the above post:
kandykandy, Thanee, Ashi22, aathya, Huma-, ashfaque2012,
Joined: 06 March 2012
Posts: 26635
@MrPandeysKuta @shaktiarora @AshaNegi7 I love them! Especially the dr! :D
@Kevndip8 thnx kevndip:)
Joined: 10 September 2009
Posts: 33984
@ashanegi7 @rithvik_rd again watching ur masti on #SBS!! omg, rithvik u wer luking fab in #womaniya avtar! arvi rox!
@awesumkiara :D
@AshaNegi7 @rithvik_RD hey asha and rithvik how are you both,are you two at shooting with pari or free today plz tweet something na
@JiaKhusi hey jia
The following 6 member(s) liked the above post:
aditty, kandykandy, neha333, aathya, Huma-, ashfaque2012,
Joined: 10 September 2009
Posts: 33984
@rithvik_RD @AshaNegi7 can dis be possible plz reply me gyz plz dying 2 see u as one plz reply plzzz :'((( wnt u gyzpic.twitter.com/E1RSTEB4Pv
@ishiqa_desai one of the sweetest edits i have seen soo far really very sweet ishiqa:-)
The following 7 member(s) liked the above post:
aditty, kandykandy, rithika2012, aathya, Huma-, prityy89, ashfaque2012,Streetwise: Super Bowl Predictor good for kicksFebruary 1, 2014 9:09 PM
The rampant discourse over the nation's economic future took a back seat to some more important forecasts recently as fractious factions face off over whom has the superior groundhog on Groundhog Day.
Selected members of Marmota monax are yanked out of their comfortable dens to view their shadows, the purpose of being to predict the weather six weeks into the future. Staten Island Chuck is up against the powerful PR machine of Punxsutawney Phil and his 128th annual forecast. Not to be outdone, General Beauregard Lee of Georgia has to deal with Sir Walter Wally of North Carolina.
Given the level of expertise most groundhogs have with the English language, not to mention meteorology, there is probably some doubt as to scientific strength of this forecasting approach. Unfortunately, many of Wall Street's prognosticators are in the same league as your local groundhog. and the NYSE composite index are headed downward.
Therefore, stock market bulls can root for the National Football Conference representative -- Seattle -- and against the American Football Conference's Denver.
It is interesting, in a way, that the stock market's direction has been accurately forecasted by the result of the big game 38 out of 47 times.
This so-called Super Bowl Predictor of the market, while it has an 81 percent success rate, is still more fun than fundamental, of course. Nonetheless, the accuracy is startling.
Despite its successful track record, when the Giants beat the Patriots (17--14) in 2008, the S&P careened downward by 38.49 percent and the financial crisis was off and running.
There is a modicum of statistical data that correlates market aberrations with certain calendar events. For example, there is the so-called January effect, where January stock prices supposedly forecast the markets performance for the remaining months of the year. Hmm ... the Dow is down 3.8 percent this month, the S&P is down 2.94 percent and the Nasdaq shows a negative 1.88 percent.
Before you start placing trades, consider that 20 years ago David Leinweber, a visiting economist at Caltech, determined that butter production in Bangladesh had a statistically significant correlation (an r-squared of 99 percent) with the S&P 500 index. And he still receives requests for current butter production numbers.
Lauren Rudd is a financial writer and columnist. You can write to him at LVERudd@aol.com.Can you believe 2012 is almost over? It’s been a huge year for us at WooThemes – we’ve grown, matured and learnt some valuable business lessons. The team have operated most of this year at 110% so we are all looking forward to a little downtime before kickstarting 2013 with some big releases.
Before we enjoy some festive family time we’ve decided to offer you one last Christmas present.
Get 30% off all our WordPress products, valid until 31st December, 2012. Just use “JOLLYGOOD” as your coupon code on checkout.
The JOLLYGOOD discount applies to:
- Our WordPress commercial themes.
- Our WordPress slider plugin – WooSlider.
- Our WooCommerce extensions for the hugely popular WordPress ecommerce plugin.
The coupon is not valid with either of our theme club memberships. Club members already benefit from similar product discounts.
To make it abundantly clear where to add the coupon code on your cart page see the below screenshot.
Giving back
Whilst our Christmas promotion benefits you our customers, we want to ensure the money you spend with us over this Christmas period is far reaching. We’ve decided to share a portion of the profits with a South African based animal charity called “African Tails“.
African Tails is close to our hearts as our office superhero, Dominique, spends all her spare time helping out this organisation that cares for abused and neglected street dogs. Visit their Facebook page to see the good work they are doing around Cape Town.
Don’t waste any time. Get your WordPress products now and supercharge your website for 2013!
Hi Woo,
I’m interested in joining the Theme Club Membership, and I tried to apply the coupon during checkout for the theme club, but it’s not working.
Do you have any Christmas discount or coupons for the theme club membership?
Thank you.
Hey There
Unfortunately the coupon doesn’t work with any of our memberships, I’ve updated the post to reflect that. Still a pretty good deal on some of our awesome products though
Coupon discount is the same as the normal subscriber discount and doesn’t stack, so no real incentive for subscribers to buy anything. Sorry for being so mercenary at Christmas time…
Think of this as that you have year round access to 30% off, much better than a coupon only valid for a week or two.
Great cause, I will be jumping on this deal and feeling good about it!
I’m a little saddened that you decided to release this promotion just 12 hours or so after I first discovered your website to buy my first wordpress theme (ever). Any chance of a rebate on my first order?
please send us an email info[at]woothemes.com and we will see if there is something we can work out for you.
Hi, Same story for me. I’ve sent you my details, no answer
They’re busy trying to fix the software that runs the site because it doesn’t work. So they can sell more of it.
Wouldn’t it be awesome if Woothemes actually used their software to run a report of the customers of the past 7 days and contacted them with some sort of special offer to coordinate a special discount for them, in a way giving them something for their purchase, and perhaps encouraging a follow up purchase, much in the way technology manages customer relationships and maximizes both revenues and customer satisfaction.
Instead, Woothemes is spending the day trying to figure out why their software doesn’t work on their own website.
So they can get back to trying to sell more of it.
Awesome.
Hi,
I wanted to buy both woocommerce extensions and a theme today. First I couldn’t add the theme and the extensions in the shopping cart simultaneously. So I decided to checkout first with the extensions and then with the theme. Everything went well with purchasing the extensions with this coupon. However now that I try to purchase the theme, when I apply the coupon, the shopping cart goes empty and I can not checkout. I am so disappointed. If you intended to make this coupon only one time use, then you should write that in the newsletter and here. Second if you offer the discount both on extensions and themes you should make possible that one can purchase several items at once.
To make clear I am not trying to purchase membership. Only a single theme.
OK, I am sorry for my previous reply. It seems this is a bug in Firefox. I tried several times and managed to checkout with safari. I was just frustrated with this in Firefox where my cart was going empty each time I put the coupon in.
Glad to hear you managed to get sorted in the end. Sorry to hear of your frustrations. Email us if you have any further problems and we’ll try sort you out asap.
If this is a bug in Firefox, it’s also a bug present in Chrome. I had the same problem (cart emptying itself when coupon applied).
I’m having the same problem, when I try to add more then one item to my cart it removes previous items I’ve added.
It’s not a bug in Firefox, it’s a bug in the Woo software. If you can’t checkout in Firefox, what makes you think Firefox did something wrong? (Hint: They didn’t.)
I’ll be using this fantastic offer to check out your developer package and lifetime support. Many thanks!
Merry Christmas & a Happy New Year to all at WooThemes
Hello,
Thanks for the discount promo and for donating to charity, a very noble cause!
Just trying to apply the code to but when I add it to the cart and try to enter the code it says the cart is empty. I have tried both Safari & Firefox.
Thanks and Merry Christmas!
Nathan
Yes, it seems that you might like to think twice about whether or not WooThemes produces properly functional products, and perhaps evaluate other alternatives, since we seem to have so much evidence here today in this comment thread that indeed the products are not reliable or dependable.
Hi, I have used the code and upgraded from standard package, with 3 themes in total, to developer. Thank you for the discount!
But all themes still says standard and no psd in download? I have got 3 bonus dowmloads though, and they all say developer in the download list.
Thank you, and Merry Christmas!
/Lamin
Thank you Ryan, I now have the psd-files and also one extra bonus theme!
When I saw your email, I thought I’d gotten a second chance to get a discount on the Club Membership. Unfortunately, that’s not the case. Looks like Hostgator had a huge success with their Black Friday sale and decided to offer and even BETTER deal last week.
Sorry to hear you guys didn’t do the same.
HostGators product is completely different than ours.
Fully understand that it’s a different product. Sounds like the promotion you ran on Black Friday was a failure. Otherwise, why not run it again like many other software / hosting companies are doing this week?
I’d assume you are making your making your money on the monthly subscription fees. Wouldn’t it make sense to offer a decent discount on the front end of your membership product to generate profit for the next year?
Of course, maybe your average member only hangs around for a few months, making discounting on the front end a losing proposition.
Your themes look outstanding and I’m probably going to sign on soon, regardless of there being or not being a discount available. Hung on until now to see if I could save a few bucks.
Hal, you’re sounding a bit of a ‘misery guts’ woo tend to have a sale over the Xmas break, normally they give away an extra theme, this time its an actual rebate.
In terms of Hostgator, their sale was NOTHING special. It was just an amount off the first month. Didn’t motivate me in the slightest. An affilate sale gives a similar bung.
Start comparing the likes of vbulletin and what it costs versus what these guys offer and how long it lasts etc. Its good value.
So, its all JOLLYGOOD…
We have some Christmas spirit leftover, shoot us a quick email, Hal.
– support[at]woothemes.com
Hi
I’m super excited to finally buy Canvas Developer with lifetime updates under your JOLLYGOOD offer, but after trying to checkout about 10 times (I was determined), I’m really bummed that either my cart ends up being empty when trying to checkout, or I get as far as adding my address and it times out within seconds. Can you please let us know when the issues are fixed in Chrome and Safari so that we don’t waste time coming back to check if it’s working yet?
(But please don’t stress about fixing it now while it’s Xmas eve!)
Have a great Xmas!
Kari
I’m having the exact same problem!
Very sorry for the trouble with our cart! Reference this comment and see if that works for you, we’re working out any issues with our host as well. –
Is there any chance of the extensions hosted on third party sites offering the discount as well? Clicking on some of your extensions take me to another site. The coupon doesn’t work there.
Third party developers are not required, and likely will not give out the same discount. A couple might but the majority will not.
Afraid not. They are after-all separate businesses and not a part of WooThemes. It might be worth emailing them though, tis the season and all that!
Why would you think a Woo coupon would work for a third party product? Odd.
Just bought the Brands extension – love it even more with 30% off!
Bought the Cloud Zoom the other day though so any chance of a discount off that too?
Btw how to find out if I’ve received any credits to my account?
Happy Xmas them and we’ll done for 2012
Thats kinda crazy. Cloud Zoom for Woo is a free plugin.
This one’s responsive but I’ll check the free one also and poly for a refund.
Many thanks for the heads up!
Hey, can anyone recommend a good responsive gallery plugin? Just bought slide deck (pretty cool actually) but a next gen type would be great – free or premium?
Happy Xmas everyone
Email us if we can help sort out anything related to your account.
– support[at]woothemes.com
I am trying to checkout from last 30 minutes.
Everytime, I hit checkout button, I get “Session expired” error.
See:
Its ironical that WooCommerce own setup is broken.
The word is “ironic”, and the only irony is that you’d still want to buy a product when you have clear and convincing evidence that the product may not work properly, much of the time.
seems to be a bug in firefox where cart empties – use safari everyone as it seems to work.
Not able to check out on Chrome either…bummer.
Thank you for the discount coupon. Unfortunately, I’ve been trying to use the code on an order with 5 extensions for the past 2 hrs on Chrome, Firefox, and Safari. The cart keeps emptying. Please advise. This has been a very frustrating experience.
Sorry for the trouble here! Try what Mark says here as we are in contact with our host to fix it for everyone. –
Finally managed to keep two extensions in cart long enough to check out with coupon by clearing cookies and not using back button to look for second product. Then the transaction was declined although valid credit card was used and all information was correct. Will try again another day…
I bought another extension a couple of days ago and when I enter the license key, I get a red screen on Chrome with a malware alert because of the redirect.
Other than that, I’m very impressed with how well WooCommerce and the Subscriptions extension work and are presented in both admin and browser views.
Merry Christmas!
Please do email us Araby, we can get your account whitelisted if need be and you should be able to check out from there. Also in that email tell us about your setup that is giving you a redirect. – support[at]woothemes.com
I will be using this tomorrow, thanks for the gift. It will make a nice late Hanukkah present as we look to rebuild our site.
Hey,
I am trying to buy the spectrum theme, but when checking out I run into an error. For some reason my shopping car is automatically emptied, so I am not able to confirm the order.
I tried in both Firefox and internet explorer, but I run into the issue on both.
Anyone having the same problem?
Please clear your cache and/or try a different browser and then try checkout again. We are looking into the session timeout issue with our host partner.
Hi,
When will this problem be sorted? I am still unable to make any purchases because the cart keeps emptying. Are you going to extend the offer deadline to take account of the fact that people have been unable to use the code?
Regs
Carol
I have now tried Chrome and IE to no avail (flushed cache in both browsers).
Unfortunately, when the maker of things to be used on websites has a website that so seriously malfunctions, it makes the purchasers of those things very, very nervous.
Like figuring out why the default font isn’t working on Chrome, and even though it’s a Chrome issue, fixing it anyway. The site is an absolute eyesore, has been for weeks.
Like when you want to offer Woo brand hosting, but you got hacked so badly – in fact the worst hacking I have ever heard of – to where you lost all of your own copies of your own code according to your own admission… and had to ask friends and clients to supply you with copies of that code if I recall correctly in order to reconstruct years’ of work. Who the heck goes through the complete and thorough self-destruction that Woo did and thinks that they should sell the very service that they haven’t the first clue about administering for themselves? This is some kind of legendary self-delusion on a grand scale not seen since a certain Iraq war. Just stop already.
How about a little humility, WooThemes. Please? How do you not think that “oh no, our complete self-destruction means nothing, please, keep depending on us for your livelihood” isn’t some kind of psycho business practice? How do you not think that your company’s very existence is an embarrassment to the entire online and WordPress communities?
Calling it a sale “on everything” where such sales “on everything” in the past were indeed sales “on everything” and now with a third-party marketplace mean it’s virtually impossible for there to be a sale “on everything”… what’s going on here? How about you choose words that mean something. How about aspiring to some kind of truth? How about aspiring to some kind honesty? How about calling it a “Theme Sale” because it isn’t even close to any kind of sale “on everything”!!!???
Creating new marketing schemes to raise money after burning the place to the ground this past year how the single most public demonstration of incompetence to ever exist in the history of the internet… and calling it a sale “on everything” when it’s a sale “on very little and not nearly everything”… How about we call it a “fund raiser to help us reconstruct after a decimation of resources much like Post-World-War-2-Europe”?
People, educate yourselves on the insanity and sheer chutzpah that is “Woo Themes” and “Woo Commerce”. Read the blog entries for 2012 before continuing to embarrass yourself with the desparation of trying to kill yourself trying to buy stuff to make your website work from a company that runs a website that doesn’t work!!!! Does it really make much sense to be trying to make your website work buying things from a company who can’t get their own website to work?
Really?!
Woo, why don’t you think about starting over and spending 2013 trying to earn back some credibility from the general public. How about rolling back prices to reflect the competence your company really has. How about reducing theme and theme club prices by 50% so it makes it worth the risk of doing business with you, and when a few thousand people can buy your themes and not have the world and their livelihoods not collapse around them, we can all put just a little faith in Woo again. Do you think Volkswagen was selling cars at premium prices in 1946? No, no they weren’t.
Did someone have a bad Christmas? I’d be happy to address any questions you might have regarding WooHosting, or any of our other offerings over email. We’ve learnt a lot through our hacking, as we’ve reported in numerous blog posts and have since partnered with a very well known WordPress hosting company – closely partnered with Automattic themselves.
Regarding our sale – we unfortunately cannot guarantee sales prices on third party extension sites.
We shall not be rolling back prices or reducing club prices by 50%. That makes no business sense in ensuring our support & development levels (with a staff of nearly 30) that the vast majority of our customers are impressed by. Sorry to hear of your bad experience, we’ll happily refund you for any products you may have bought.
Wait, are we beta testing WooCommerce 2.0 and that’s why it doesn’t work on 75% of the world’s browsers?
No we are not running WC 2.0 on our site yet and we’ve had no other reported problems with WC and browser support.
The African Tails Logo is not link profile that results 404 page when clicked. Hope you can fixed it
And its really healthy when some of our earnings will proceed to charity..
Thanks, fixed up.
It’s sad to see that while woothemes has tried to do something great for the community this holiday, there is the same individual applying negative comments to everything said by other contributors.
In the 2 years using woothemes products I’ve never had a problem that made me think about going elsewhere. These guys provide a level of support far exceeding anything I’ve seen elsewhere or could expect.
All I have to say is, merry Christmas, happy holidays, enjoy the new year and keep up the hard work!
+1
Thanks James and bsmity, it’s only one very vocal person this time around. Definitely a scrooge/grinch to the extreme. Sometimes there isn’t anything you can do about that.
Your comments and support more than make up for any of it as well! Thanks!
While I don’t support Marc’s tirade, I don’t see how the response could be said to be down to ‘one very vocal person’. There have been many people with the same problem, myself included.
While I understand that every new system is at risk from unforseen problems, I can tell you that if an ecommerce site that I had created for a client had had this many problems for this long, I’d be facing some big questions. For a business like Woo to launch a major sale with their primary sales tool (to some extent) non-functional, it really boggles the mind.
I still like you, Woo, you just frustrate me.
+1
Hi, I’ve read all the posts.
My experience of Woo has been good. Disagree strongly with comments by Marc Waxler. Having said that, I am experiencing the same issues as several other people – namely my cart keeps showing empty when I enter the JOLLYGOOD code.
Is this likely to be fixed before 31 December? If not, are you going to extend the deadline?
Cheers
Carol
Hi Carol,
The cart issue should be dissipating as our host fixes it and caches clear, at least to my best knowledge. We will be sure to include you in the special if you can’t get through before then!
I am experiencing similar issues as I try to purchase extensions. At first I got an “empty cart” after I added extensions to my cart. Then I was able to get them in but I would fluctuate between my cart being emptied and a session timeout.
Unfortunately I have got the same sessions/caching problem (using FF, Chrome, Opera). It’s a bit frustrating, so please fix it as quick as possible. I can’t buy anything nor use your promo code!
Hi,
Same here. I have tried many times. Email sent regarding to the issue.
Please fix asap. Thanks
Thanks. I’ll keep trying.
Yeah, I just tried to buy a theme with JOOLYGOOD and it keeps on saying the cart is empty. Its with IE explorer. Given firefox etc have had the same probs I don’t think it would work with them either, if you can add me to the list so I can get it when its patched. Might want to get some ‘user acceptance’ testing done on anything thats going to be out into production…
Just made a theme purchase using Safari on Mac which worked fine. It didn’t work on Chrome which is my preferred web browser. I’m hoping you can get that fixed as it does not look good for confidence building. Best wishes for the New Year and rest of the Christmas period.
Please include me in the special if I can’t get get an order completed before midnight December 31st. I want to purchase several WooCommerce Extensions but so far have been unsuccessful. I was having the best results with Safari on my Windows system but every time a get 3 or 4 products in the cart, and try and add another one, they all disappear. Are we able to use the JOLLYGOOD coupon for more than one purchase? If so, I can try purchasing them one at a time but that isn’t very convenient. Thanks!
Please, add AMEX or PAYPAL …
I currently use your delegate theme, which was purchased via a web designer.
I have been considering changing the theme but admin the site myself now – so whats the deal with purchasing a new or selection of themes for me to trial….also, are there some that I should avoid unless I want to rewrite my entire site i.e. which ones can I update with the least amount of work?
Incidentally, my slider has stopped working…anyone got any tips?
Cart still empties on checkout on chrome and on IE it says session expired!!!
anyone managed to fix this ?
update: it only works on Safari!
yes, I can confirm it works in Safari (on a Mac at least) if you are quick enough… The first time I tried the session expired even there, but I managed on my second attempt. Chrome and FF still fail.
I have now tried unsuccessfully umpteen times – tried every browser possible, pc and mac – emptied cache – either ‘cart empty’ or ‘your session has expired’. On Safari on the Mac three times. Just want to mention this so i can be included in the deal after the deadline if I haven’t managed before. cheers.
I tried to order with IE and it didn’t work either! Damn
Please get back to me ASAP, I need the theme update, yesterday.
I want the JOLLYGOOD discount that expires 12/31.
Jim
I just tried on a Mac, using Safari, doesn’t work!
I got through. I entered my contact info first, so I could get through the checkout quickly and got through OK
Thanks for your persistence Jim!
Also want to document that I’ve tried a bazillion times (ok, not a bazillion, but y’know) to purchase Canvas to no avail. Have left a message via twitter, email, etc. I’m sure you’re busy, but I had planned on working on my website all day today, and now the day is gone. As folks above, I’ve gotten several of the following messages, “Cart is empty” “Session expired” “Sorry, transaction declined”, etc., along with the puzzling screen that says my transaction is happening on 12/30, when today is 12/29.
I’ve also cleared the cache, and tried on multiple browsers on a mac.
I had another question about support as well; please reference email from today.
There’s lotsa bigger fish to fry in this world, but I’m sure you’d like your woo-ers to be happy campers, so hope to hear from you asap.
Thanks much.
Sorry to hear of your troubles Lisa. We were looking into the issues yesterday which seem to have been caused by too tight host permissions on the session management. It should be fixed now, but please do email us if you have any other problems.
Tried to make several purchases but I am also getting the errors talked about. Would like to purchase an extension please…
Hi,
Just to let you know I tried to pick up canvas with the holiday discount but no luck and am unfortunatly pressed for time. I’ll check back soon (on holiday and between isp’s). Good luck with the glitch. I appreciate your intention with the donation to African Tails and hope more in your position choose that kind of involvement in the future.
All the best to your crew in the new year.
Ernie
Hi Ernie,
Sorry to hear of your troubles. Email us and we’ll organise something for you.
I am not able to insert images in pages or posts with Canvas? I’m on WP 3.5. I can with other themes, but not with canvas. I’ve turned a ticket but haven’t heard anything yet. Has anybody else had a problem like this? I thought I needed to upgrade to the latest Canvas because of the WP change in WP 3.5, but, no luck?? Very Frustrating.
Hello, I am trying to purchase “canvas” with coupon. is it available for it?
I will also use canvas with buddypress.
Let me know
The coupon applies to any of our themes, Canvas included.
Please note though that our BuddyPress child theme has been discontinued.
Hey!
Just wanted to say I’m sold on the Canvas theme, looks amazing in terms of flexibility.
Great to see some charity efforts going on as well.
Thanks and have a great new year.
Look forward to seeing a Canvas modification on one of your sites Ross!
happy new year for whole woothemes team
may new year brings u lots of happiness to your families
i am facing problem in my order
Sorry, the transaction was declined.
so plz help me
waiting for ur response
I had been looking at woothemes for some time now and this sale was just the perfect moment to make me jump. I love what I see. Love the themes. Love woocommerce. Love the tutorials and documentation.
Yes there was some weird timing issues making the session restart but I think some might have overblown the issue here. Nobody wants to loose costumers! So please let them get it fixed and relax! In any case, this is a lesson for all of us in ecommerce. Everything must be tight or you loose (some) costumers!!
Hey Tony, any session time out issues should be sorted. Email us if we can help get a purchase through for you.
– support[at]woothemes.com
It all went good, it was just a matter of little patience. Downloaded my theme, fixed couple of issues and started configuring it right away! I’m really happy!
I am getting transaction declined error.My card works perfectly at other international sites.Can you tell me what to do?
Man, I was really excited to buy this as I was between this and another framework. After I had coupon issues, I read the comments and my confidence is really shaken. I don’t want a lot of issues with the framework itself, and I mainly want to use woocommerce. I think I’m posting because I want you to talk me into buying this, although I’m not sure why I would admit that. Any users weigh in please??
Our purchase issues only came from a setting with our host, which is fixed now. The issues didn’t stem from our WooFramework, WooCommerce, or other products.
Feel free to email us if we can calm any further worries! – support[at]woothemes.com
Two of my clients are using WooThemes WooCommerce and themes. Both are authors and one of them have one product in the store and the other one has three (all physical books). They are very happy with the easy of use, payment options and everything, so I can really recommend WooCommerce.
Email us if you haven’t yet, we can fix that for you. – support[at]woothemes.com
I was able to buy plenty of extensions using this special offer and had zero problems with checkout.
Also, WooCommerce has been pretty rock solid for me on several websites. As indicated here, my host plays a big part in my ability to take orders on the web. Seems like WooThemes has fixed the issue. Get your extensions before the coupon expires and go make business happen.
There is a issue with the payment system. I’ve tried to purchase Canvas with all my 3 credit cards, I even call all my banks and all of them said that there is no request for the money, which means that the payment system had some issue.
Then I fired 3 tickets and in the ticket section it was not mentioned that I submit even one ticket.
Then I email various admin/info/contact/support emails and there is no response.
Tell me how can I purchase your theme, all my credit cards are fine, I tested two of them just now. Crazy!!!
Please if some admin see this, PLEASE email me back to the email assossiated with this usernam!!! I WANT TO PURCHASE !!!
Missed the boat! Never mind.
ahh tooo late
I tried back when the sale was technically available to purchase several WooCommerce extensions I probably wouldn’t buy otherwise and ran into the same problems as others. Tried cache/cookie/DNS clears on Mac, Windows 7, Windows 8 and Ubuntu. Chrome, Firefox, IE and Safari (where applicable) and same problems as others describe (empty cart). I posted on your Facebook Page and was told to email support, which I did. It’s not been almost a week with no reply and I’m still having the same issues regardless of OS/Browser. I’d really like to give you people some money because I’ve had nothing but great experiences on my server, but the lack of a response from support and whoever manages your Facebook Page (I haven’t received a reply to my update that support isn’t responding) is making this an unnecessarily frustrating transaction. Since I’ve tried email and Facebook, perhaps a blog comment may help…
I’ll be using this fantastic offer to check out your developer package and lifetime support. Many thanks!>><<
“A.”
_5<<
“There's no crusade here, but I am trying to slip classical music in through the back door, ... I think people can talk about classical composers in the same breath as contemporary music. All music is good music.”
Cancer myth: Sunscreen, Vitamin D and Cancer
Origin of the myth
Some companies have advertised that their sunscreen products do not contain the carcinogenic (cancer-causing) substances which other sunscreens contain. In particular, manufacturers of “holistic” and “all-natural” sunscreen make this claim. The substances said to be possibly carcinogenic are nanoparticles of titanium dioxide and zinc oxide, and the molecules octyl methoxycinnamate, oxybenzone and 4-methyl-benzylidene.
In addition, limited exposure to sunlight can cause vitamin D deficiencies, which may also lead to cancer.
Current evidence
Sunscreen
The US Report on Carcinogens is a list of known or reasonably anticipated human carcinogens (cancer causing substances). None of the suspect ingredients, listed above, are included in this list.1 In 2010, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) reviewed the scientific literature on titanium dioxide and concluded that there was inadequate evidence that it causes cancer in humans.2 None of the other ingredients has been classified by the IARC.3,4 These ingredients have been approved for use in sunscreens by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the US and by the European Union.
In response to claims that sunscreen causes skin cancer, a 2003 review examined the link between sunscreen use and melanoma. No evidence for increased risk of melanoma with sunscreen use was found. The research suggested that sun-sensitive people who have higher risk of melanoma are more likely to use sunscreens.5
In August 2013,the Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA) conducted an updated review of the scientific literature available on the use of nanoparticles in sunscreens, in particular zinc oxide and titanium dioxide.6 The TGA review concluded that, “on current evidence, neither of these nanoparticles is likely to cause harm when used as ingredients in sunscreens”. An Australian study published in 2011 showed that regular use of sunscreen was effective in reducing incidence of melanoma, the most serious form of skin cancer.7
Vitamin D
Vitamin D is required for good health. It is produced when our skin is exposed to UV radiation. There has been recent speculation that reducing exposure to sunlight through measures such as using sunscreen may lower vitamin D levels in the body, causing a range of health problems.
Based on the best available evidence, Cancer Council WA recommends that people living in Perth or locations south of Perth receive 30 minutes of sun exposure, close to midday, on most days during June and July. At this time the UV Index is usually below 3 so sun protection is not required.
For the rest of the year, research indicates that Western Australians can get enough vitamin D from incidental sun exposure while conducting their day-to-day activities and using sensible sun protection.8,9 People living in the mid to northern parts of Western Australia should use sun protection all year round whenever the UV index is 3 or above.
While sunscreen could theoretically block vitamin D production entirely, in practice it has not been shown to do so.14-17 Research indicates that sunscreen is rarely applied correctly and that incidental exposure to UV is enough to produce the required amounts of vitamin D.
The Australian Health Survey found that only 6% of the Australian population have moderate or severe vitamin D deficiency (defined as being <30 nmol/L).10
The issue of safe sun exposure for vitamin D is subject to considerable debate at this time. People who are especially concerned about this are advised to refer to Cancer Council WA frequently.
Summary
There is no evidence that use of sunscreens increases the risk of skin cancer or causes vitamin D deficiency.11,12 Meanwhile, there is definitive evidence that sun exposure increases the risk of skin cancer. Solar radiation is classified as a known human carcinogen in the Report on Carcinogens.1 IARC also classifies solar radiation as carcinogenic to humans.13
Further reading
- Choosing and using sunscreen
Cancer Council WA
- Vitamin D – finding the right balance
Cancer Council WA
References
- U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Public Health Service National Toxicology Programme, 12th Report on Carcinogens, in National Institute of Environmental Sciences. 2011
- International Agency for Research on Cancer (AIRC) IARC Monographs on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Humans, Volume 93 - Carbon Black, Titanium Dioxide and Talc, 2010.
- International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC). IARC Monographs on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Humans. IARC Monographs on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Humans 2007 , IARC: Lyon, France.
- International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), Agents Classified by the IARC Monographs. 2011.
- Dennis, L.K., L.E. Beane Freeman, and M.J. VanBeek, Sunscreen use and the risk for melanoma: a quantitative review. Ann Intern Med, 2003. 139(12): p. 966-78.
- Therapeutic Goods Administration (TGA), Literature Review on the Safety of Titanium Dioxide and Zinc Oxide Nanoparticles in Sunscreen - Scientific Review Report. 2013, Australian Government - Department of Health and Ageing.
- Green AC, Williams GM, Logan V, Strutton GM Reduced Melanoma After Regular Sunscreen Use: Randomized Trial Follow-Up, Journal of Clinical Oncology, 20 January 2011; 29(3)
- Sinclair, C., Risks and benefits of sun exposure: implications for public health practice based on the Australian experience. Prog Biophys Mol Biol, 2006. 92(1): p. 173-8.
- Sollitto, R.B., K.H. Kraemer, and J.J. DiGiovanna, Normal vitamin D levels can be maintained despite rigorous photoprotection: six years' experience with xeroderma pigmentosum. J Am Acad Dermatol, 1997. 37(6): p. 942-7.
- Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) Feature Article - Vitamin D. July 2014 [cited on 14/08/2014] Available at:
- Berwick, M., Counterpoint: sunscreen use is a safe and effective approach to skin cancer prevention. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev, 2007. 16(10): p. 1923-4.
- Green, A.C. and G.M Williams, Point: sunscreen use is a safe and effective approach to skin cancer prevention. Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev, 2007. 16(10): p. 1921-1922.
- International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), Solar and ultraviolet radiation, in IARC Monographs on the Evaluation of Carcinogenic Risks to Humans. 1997, IARC: Lyon, France.
- Marks R, Foley PA, Jolley D, Knight KR, Harrison J, Thompson SC. The effect of regular sunscreen use on vitamin-D levels in an Australian population - results of a randomized controlled trial. Archives of Dermatology 1995; 11(4): 415-421.
-. British Journal of Dermatology 1998; 139(3): 422-427.
-.
- Norval, M, Wulf HC. Does chronic sunscreen use reduce vitamin D production to insufficient levels? British Journal of Dermatology 2009; 161(4): 732-736.
Return to cancer myths pageProduct:
Average rating from 24 reviews.
Similar Products:
Average rating from 13 reviews.
Average rating from 11 reviews.
Average rating from 5 reviews.
Products We Are Testing:
Readers' Reviews add review
Cats
posted 6 years ago
i use to use foil and the food would dry out with theses the food stays fresher longer and they fit all pet food cans
Pros: easy to clean
Cons: none
1 of 1 people found this review helpful.
Did you?
|
Good
posted 6 years ago
I have these but find I rarely use them. It is easier for me to cover with aluminum foil. They are easy to wash by hand. In the dishwasher, they fly all over...so light...lol...
Pros: Can label
Cons: None
0 of 0 people found this review helpful.
Did you?
|
These work well
posted 6 years ago
These lids work really well. They fit tightly on the can and the food stays fresh. This is great when you buy a larger can (for a cheaper price) and it will last.
Pros: Fit tight and keep food fresh
Cons: I never have enoughAdd artisanal elegance to every look with Mallarino's handcrafted gold-plated earrings. Wear this deceptively lightweight pair with a cocktail dress, or team them with a cashmere sweater to shake up your day look. For pierced ears.
Handmade Gold-plated silverHook fastening for pierced ears
Product code: 338555 - Need help? Contact usPhotographer of Music, Theater and Dance with preference for Jazz
From: Netherlands | Profile Views: 5,424
Born in the Netherlands and full time professional photographer. Started career in advertising and marketing communications. Lived and worked in the USA and United Kingdom as marketing communications manager for GE medical Systems.Finally followed my passion to become a photographer of music theater and dance.Article Preview
OTC sweeps Verndale softball team
Published 04/23/2010, Wadena Pioneer Journal
Carmen Malmstrom fired a five-hitter and Carley Nelson pitched a two-hitter as the unbeaten Otter Tail Central Bulldogs swept Verndale 5-0 and 9-0 Tuesday in a Park Region Conference doubleheader.Word count: 175
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Nose Injuries
Simple fracture
£1,375 - £2,035
Serious or multiple fracture
£8,580- £18,700
The effects of a serious head or brain injury can be devastating and most often the injured party can be left with long-term consequences such as severe brain damage.
If you, or someone close to you, has been involved in an accident and sustained a head injury in the last three years due to the negligence of another party, you could be entitled to pursue legal action.
At YouClaim we can take the stress out of making a claim. We will make sure that you have access to the rehabilitation services you need and will help you find the best medical care available.
Head injuries happen frequently and can occur in any type of accident. When someone hits their head it can be very dangerous and often symptoms of this type of serious injury are not apparent straight away. Common causes of head injuries usually occur from:
Every head injury is complicated and requires the specialist services of a skilled solicitor to help establish an appropriate figure for compensation that includes both compensation for the injury and compensation for any monetary losses suffered as a result of the injury. Some guideline amounts, based purely on head injuries themselves, are as follows:
Our panel solicitors have years of experience in handling specialist cases such as severe injuries to the head or brain. We can act on your behalf and do everything within our power to ensure you are compensated for the serious injuries caused.
Compensation can also be used to pay outstanding expenses back. These could include:
If you or a loved one has been involved in an accident and have sustained a head injury then call us today. We will assess your claim and help you with pursuing compensation for your accident.
To make your claim for a head injury call us today for free on 0800 10 757 95 or click below to fill in the online claim form and we will call you back.
YouClaim helped Mr W claim £3,750 in compensation after he fell through an open trap injuring his leg.Read more
YouClaim helped Mrs T to claim £3,000 in compensation after she injured her back and head as a result of falling over a pothole.Read moreI am in love with 6.84. Gone are those longwinded, 60-90 minute affairs that made Dota 2 far too stale and time consuming for my liking. The current meta is way more action packed, making the game not only a lot more fun to play, but equally fun to watch. If like me, you spent most of the weekend lost in Valve’s MOBA, I have no doubt that you also found some time to watch bits and pieces of The Summit – a more laid back Dota 2 event showcasing some of the game’s top talent. The finals concluded in the wee hours this morning. Team Secret defeated Evil Geniuses to claim the top spot.
Between their tough training schedules, tournaments, and other time sucking activities, where do professional gamers find the time for romance? Some do, certainly, but others avoid relationships completely, or at least, choose not to pursue love during the height of their career. Why? Because it could affect gaming performance negatively, or so claims a professional League of Legends gamer.
If.
If.
I can’t believe it’s nearly time for E3 again. There is lots to look forward to at this year’s event; new game reveals, details on upcoming titles, and of course, fresh tales of Alessandro misery… I hear Zoe and Darryn have big plans to make his first time in Los Angeles truly special! Anyhow, all the big companies will be at E3 as usual, showing off their big plans for the future. Nintendo is one of them, and they are doing something extra special this year – they’re hosting the Nintendo World Championships.
eSports.
Apparently CS:GO is a big thing in South Africa - like the biggest online game in the country which I find quite extraordinary as it gets very little coverage and even when we talk about it there is little traction.
Over the weekend, something glorious happened for eSports. ESPN 2 showed a Heroes of the Storm tournament, Heroes of the Dorm, live on air. Despite being really cool, twitter exploded over it. Then, an ESPN presenter decided to mock eSports, its announcers and its players.
So, a funny thing happened on social media at the end of last week, and it's a real deal. It all started when the guys from Super 2-bit made a video. This prompted a response from Darryn. Of course, everyone thought this was hilarious, and wanted to see it happen for real. Now, it will..
I’ve been giving far too much time to League of Legends lately, so much so that my real lover, Dota 2, has started showing signs of jealousy. One part of LoL I haven’t gotten around to experiencing though, is its professional scene. I have no idea how the best of the best play, what champions they use the most, or what strategies they adapt. I hope to change that this year when the 2015 World Championship kicks off..
We've all seen those funny or traumatic movies about military boot camp. It's all about getting whipped into shape and doing whatever it takes to be successful under fire. Esports teams also do boot camp, but it might be different than you imagined. I went to The Hive this weekend to see what it was all about.
What.
There’s a lot of money to be made in not only recording your gameplay, but doing so in a live format. The popularity of live-streaming services have turned Twitch into a gaming juggernaut, and of course YouTube wants a slice of that pie with their own similarly-themed service. A service that will also focus on the growing eSports scene.St. Petersburg, Florida - Typically beer commercials tend to be funny and entertaining - and usually have people, well, drinking beer.
But in fact, they're not drinking beer at all - and that's the rule. Or is it?
10 News anchor Allison Kropff teams up with PunditFact to check the rules behind Heineken's new commercial.
PunditFact checks whether a "regulatory thing" means you can't show someone drinking beer on camera.
You've seen plenty of beer commercials, but have you noticed whether people actually drink beer on camera? That question is the focus of a new Heineken commercial featuring Neil Patrick Harris.
PunditFact: Claim about murder and black men
PunditFact wondered about the director's claim about a "regulatory thing" stopping people from drinking beer in commercials.
What fact-checkers found is you think you're seeing more than is actually on screen.
It's not the government stopping people.
"We found that the FCC doesn't really regulate this, it's not a federal regulation. However it's something that the TV networks actually frown upon so advertisers don't try to test them," says Katie Sanders with PunditFact.
The National Association of Broadcasters has no policy itself, but a spokesman sent fact-checkers articles describing how networks are free to set their own standards.
PunditFact gives worst rating to conspiracy website
A spokesman for The Beer Institute says brewers aren't willing to stir things up and ask for the rules to be changed.
Because it's not a federal regulation, but rather from the networks, PunditFact rates this claim, MOSTLY TRUE.
To see the entire commercial and the details of this fact-check, click here.
See more PunditFact stories:
PunditFact checks racial claims in Ferguson
PunditFact: Claim on graduation rates of student-athletes
PunditFact: Claim about children's deaths in Gaza
PunditFact checks race connection to impeachment bid
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsAdvertising on wishhh.com
Ah, the scourge of the Internet!
But, seriously, if you want to advertise here, I want to know about it. You can contact me at info@daledietrich.com.
As you can see, I'm playing with generic AdSense and Amazon advertisements around the edges.
My long-term intent is to integrate relatively non-intrusive, dynamic advertisements into the site that reflect the wishhhes of the browsing user or the wishhhes of the user's friend or family member whose wishhhlist they are looking at. As of November 2008, I have not found a suitable advertising service accessible to small sites like this one, that can dynamically generate context-sensitive advertisements from wishhh-based keywords.
My inspiration for this idea is the advertising model used on HotOrNot.com. On that service ads are dynamically generated and displayed based on user-selected 'hotlists'. HotOrNot.com users select products and services (their 'hotlists') that they are fans of as a way of being connected with other like-minded users. The site generates customized advertisements based off the user's hotlists selections. Since, by definition, each wishhh.com user identifies the products and services they are fond of (wishhh for) there should be some way that I can provide context sensitive advertisements based on relevant wishhhes.
Rest assured that if/when I realize this ad-customization objective, wishhh.com will implement it in such away so as not to disclose any personally identifying information about its users to advertisers. As a technology lawyer, I take my users' privacy very seriously. See the privacy for more details.The amazing and beautiful Silva family are having twins! While this is wonderful news, Shauna and Ang have faced some serious and unexpected financial hardships in the last month. As a result they have had to spend all of their savings and will need to short-sell their house just to try and get out from underwater, and will have to be moving when Shauna is 7 or 8 months pregnant! If that wasn’t enough, Shauna has begun experiencing significant cardiac issues associated with having twins, which will likely require her to go on bedrest and stop working much earlier than they had planned. Since they will be losing half of their income , they are now in an extremely precarious financial position and desperately need your help. Additionally, Ang and Shauna need to complete a costly and time-consuming second-parent adoption that includes a home study in order for Ang to become a legal parent and have the same parental rights as Shauna will have as the biological mom.
This fundraiser is to rebuild their savings, defray their impending medical costs, get them what they need to take care of their two babies expected in December, and save up for the adoption costs that they need. Our goal is to raise $10,000 to make sure they can achieve all these goals. Please donate anything you can and spread the word to all your friends. If you know Shauna and Ang, I know you will want to help them with whatever you can, even though they would never ask. If you don't know them, you certainly know someone like them: always doing for others and never asking for anything. Please help them by donating whatever you can afford to make sure their twins get a healthy and secure start to life!
Ang was born and raised in Kauai, Hawaii, moved to Seattle with her family at age 15. She studied business and IT at WSU and works as an "analyst"/project manager at Trupanion Pet Insurance in Ballard. She is a passionate animal lover and very involved in/supportive of animal welfare causes such as rescue and adoption. She spends her free time reading, taking Carbon to the beach or park, playing an alarming amount of computer games, and collecting cards, coins, and superhero memorabilia. I have not known Ang long, but it is truly beautiful to see the way she loves and cares for Shauna and see the excitement she has for her soon arriving son and daughter! A more loyal and steadfast friend you would not find!
Shauna was born and raised in rural Vermont, moving out to Seattle for graduate school at the UW School of Social Work. Since graduating with an MSW, Shauna has been a passionate advocate for homeless teens, foster youth and people with mental illness. She currently works in the emergency room at the UW medical center. In her free time, she is taking care of herself and her family, enjoying the great outdoors, and volunteering on a local non profit Board. I have known Shauna as a colleague and friend and she is inspiring every day.
Shauna describes their relationship like this: “We met in summer 2009 through a mutual acquaintance and pretty much that was that. We immediately connected deeply, especially over our love of the outdoors, our rural backgrounds, our goals and values about raising a family. We got married on the beach in West Seattle right by the ferry dock surrounded by friends and family in November 2010. We live in our sweet tiny house in Shoreline with our 3 year old lab mix, Carbon, and three ridiculous cats. We have had some ups and downs including Ang losing her job of 11 years in January 2010 and having some serious health issues in 2011, but in Spring of this year we were excited to try to get pregnant. With the help of a sperm bank and some luck, I got pregnant with twins in April! The babies are expected to arrive around Christmas.”
They are going to be incredible parents! Please help with whatever you can afford, and spread the word to everyone you know!
There are no photos or videos yet for this fundraiser.
Shauna & Ang's Babies!
Join us in our mission! Subscribe to YouCaring emails.
YouCaring is dedicated to compassionate crowdfunding, providing free and easy online fundraising and support for humanitarian causes.
“The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.” - GandhiGrooms Wedding Outfit - For the Beach
It's not rocket science to work out that tuxedo's and morning suits are certainly not the ideal groom attire when getting married on a beach and consideration needs to be taken when choosing what your groom will wear on the day.
There is no reason that the wedding event can be any less informal just because he is not dressed up to the nine's looking like James Bond on an evening out at the Casino.
Beach wedding clothes can look smart, sophisticated and casual if chosen well and can be done in a way to compliment the bride's outfit, flowers, reception venue/theme or members of the wedding party.
Different Styles of Grooms Beach Wedding Outfit
The groom's beach outfit really depends if the wedding is to be held on or near a beach and at what time the ceremony is to be held.
A blazer with cream trousers and a crisp white shirt could be worn if the wedding is outside but not right on the beach. An understated tie will add that timeless and elegant look while at the same time being not too formal. The jacket can then be discarded after the ceremony and photographs have been taken.
If the ceremony is right on the beach an outfit of trousers and shirt with flip flops or sandals will be more comfortable while at the same time keeping that casual and smart appearance. Trousers can range from white to cream to khaki to beige. A touch of colour to compliment the bride can be added in the way of the belt or flip flops.
Silk Shirt
A silk shirt with cropped trousers can also be worn on the beach with an exotic flower that matches the bride's bouquet added to a bright white shirt to add that bit of colour. (If the weather is too hot/clammy and the groom is prone to getting hot a silk shirt will pick up moisture and stick so is best avoided)
A linen suit can be worn on or off the beach. Colours such as wheat or sand are popular and more practical in the heat. Not only will this type of suit be ideal for keeping your groom cool it is also easy to transport.
For that really casual beach look there is shorts and t-shirt and again if chosen well the groom can still look smart and casual. Khaki shorts with solid coloured shirts will not look out of place at your beach wedding/reception.
Grooms Beach Wedding - Top Tips
A few things to bear in mind when planing your beach wedding.
- Always wear a sunscreen. You don't want your photographs or your honeymoon ruined because you end up looking like a lobster or worse still suffer from sunstroke.
- When applying your sun screen try and put it on at least half an hour before your outfit otherwise you may end up getting grease marks.
- Remember to drink plenty of water before the ceremony but not too much that you have to excuse yourself half way through.
- Bug spray can be a big help in helping keep those pesky uninvited guests away.
- Check how hot the sand is going to be or you could find yourself with burnt feet and it may be best to wear sandals or flip flops and not go barefooted. (Unless you know the sand will accommodate your feet and feel comfortable).
For your romantic beach wedding whether it's with a backdrop of dazzling sunset colours or glinting dawning rays you will have that exhilarating feeling of freedom with the water stretched out before you, tropical flowers, sunshine, white sands and your loved one stood beside you.
Both of you standing there holding hands looking into each others' eyes with gleaming happy smiles, stunning and above all comfortable in your outfits.BREAKING 9.15am: Commuters catching the train on the Caboolture and Sunshine Coast lines face an hour delay this morning.
Translink tweeted this morning were suspended due to an earlier points fault at Petrie.
Buses were put on in some locations.
Service has now resumed by delays of up to 60 minutes are expected.
Have you been held up? Let us know at editorial@scnews.com.au
Join the Community.
Get your local news, your way.
Stay Connected
Update your news preferences and get the latest news delivered to your inbox.Spanish All Solar House Churns Out Electricity
The.
“The houseâ€™s interior is a unique transportable module that includes all the technology needed for energy self-sufficiency, since not only is energy captured by the solar panel on the roof but also by vertical panels on the walls that also move in keeping with the Earthâ€™s rotation.”
It will show here at this year’sÂ Solar Decathlon organized by the U.S. Department of Energy in October.Â.
April 9th, 2009 at 7:00 am
[...] stories: Spanish House is a Solar Power Station Dome Home Can Survive Category 5 Hurricane You can receive our articles for free in your email [...]
June 10th, 2009 at 7:01 am
[...] own power plant on your roof. You have decided to go solar. Instead of putting in another 6 KW of solar power on your roof to power a traditional energy guzzling air conditioner – take a look at a completely different kind [...]mycreativeflavors in United States
total posts: 43
Kanji - What can you do with your Beets ??? This is quick, delicious & looks cool ...
Play with Fire - Big Green Chilli Stuffed & Pickled, Indian Style !!!
A Perfect Chocolate Pear Cake
Pesarattu - Green Lentil crepes , for a great Breakfast Start
Soft Mini Pretzels with a choice of Mustard or Nutella
Celebrating some rain with a Vegetarian 15 Bean Soup
Celebrating the Summer with a Spiced up Plum Jam
Anatomy of a Sweet or Meetha Paan !
Great Indian Street Food - Homemade Potato Sev or Spicy Fried Noodles
An Assorted Nutri-Crostini Party for Sunday Breakfast... !
Gulkand: A Speciality Rose Petal Preserve from India
Refreshing Pomegranate Ice Tea with a Orangey Twist
Raw Mangoes, Fresh Mangoes, Roasted Cumin - All ingredients of a Great Summer Cooler !!!
Rice Pudding served with Sweet Pancakes, we call it Malpua/Kheer
A refreshing Rhubarb Drink that comes free with Crispy Rhubarb Pockets
Katri/Matri - Animal Crackers India, Home made animal crackers are always a delight to nibble at summer picnics.
Homemade Green Chilli Pickle or Mirchi-Ka-Achar, it's easy to make & tastes great !!!
Traditional Indian frozen dessert "Matka Kulfi" made with a twist of white chocolate !!
Banoffee with Candied Hazelnuts - My version of this elegant English dessert.
Classy Poached Pear in Spicy Mango Nectar served with home made Mango Ice Cream
Crispy Pistachio Nan Khatai Biscuits for Lite Tea Bites
A Royal Indian Sweet treat, Shahi Tukda - Served with Rose Pudding
My various adaptations of my favorite Tiramisu Recipe - Charlotte, Baileys & Strawberries.
Thick & Crunchy Peppermint Mocha Ice Cream Shake, your kids would love this !!!
Welcoming Spring with Spicy Lemonade with a dash of Garden Fresh Mint
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Pickled Pearl Onions, a great way to enjoy your little garden veggies
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Luscious Avocado Ice cream with Choco Chips & Fresh Lemon Juice
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Fresh cut cucumber go really well with freshly whipped yougurt.
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Greatest Indian Party Snack, Classic Samosa with Four Fillings - Potato, Peas'n'Corn, Spinach & Coconut
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
A Royal Indian Dessert treat - Shahi Gulab Jamun with Vanilla Ice cream !!!
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Dates rolled in Cabbage & Spinach, filled with caramelized onions, Tofu & a shot of wasabi.
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
rajma (or red kidney beans) and Veggie Pulao Rice serves as a perfect Lazy Sunday Brunch
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Til Bhugga Pinni or Til Ke Laddoo - made from reduced caramelized milk & roasted sesame seeds.
onecreativekitchen.blogspot.com
Divine Chiffon Custard Cakes - softest cakes you'd ever have !!!Advanced Search.?
Best practices for keeping mobile devices safe.
> More TechLibrary
> More WebcastsI'd like to do this sort of thing with types other than Either. Is there a generic safe coerce function? -Alex- On Wed, 2 Mar 2005, Stefan Holdermans wrote: > Lemmih, > >> And you can "fix" it with some unsafeCoerce# magic. (: > > Actually, as I pointed out, the required coercion in perfectly safe, though > not implicit: > > coerceRight :: Either a b -> Either c b > coerceRight (Right b) = Right b > > Regards, > > Stefan > ______________________________________________________________ S. Alexander Jacobson tel:917-770-6565Alan Pardew facing stadium ban as FA prepare to throw the book at Newcastle boss
DISGRACED Newcastle boss Alan Pardew is facing a STADIUM ban for headbutting David Meyler.
NUTTER: What was Alan Pardew thinking when he did this to David Meyler? [GETTY]
The Football Association will today charge Pardew with violent conduct after Saturday’s shocking attack on the Hull midfielder.
But Starsport understands a normal touchline ban is considered too lenient and Pardew will instead have the book thrown at him for his latest flare-up.
He is now facing a five game ban which would prevent him from even stepping inside the stadium on matchdays - a punishment unprecedented in the Premier League.
FA sources say they are treating the case “very seriously indeed” but also accept they are in “uncharted territory”.
Pardew has already been hit with a £100,000 fine by his club and issued with a final warning over his conduct after confronting Meyler on the touchline and then butting him during Newcastle’s 4-1 win at the KC Stadium.
Despite calls for Pardew to resign or be sacked, Starsport understands owner Mike Ashley never seriously considered firing him.
But although he has escaped with his job, Pardew has been left under no illusions that if he steps out of line again, he will be axed.
In a statement issued six hours after the manager’s moment of madness, the club attempted to draw a line under events.
NO AXE FOR PARDS: Mike Ashley never seriously considered giving Alan Pardew the boot [GETTY]
But that won’t save the 52-year-old from the FA’s wrath and officials are determined to make an example of him.
Pardew is no stranger to touchline bust-ups having been embroiled in previous flare-ups with Arsene Wenger and Martin O’Neill among others.
Last season he was banned for two games and fined £20,000 for shoving an assistant referee.
And in January he escaped punishment for calling Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini a “f****** old c***”.
Although a complete stadium ban would be unheard of in the top flight, Paul Ince was given the same harsh penalty this season while in charge at Blackpool for “violently shoving” a fourth official in an expletive-laden rant, having earlier been sent to the stands in a 2-1 win over Bournemouth.
Pardew has already said he will stay sat down in future and let his No. 2 John Carver stand in the technical area during games.
He issued several apologies on Saturday night with his actions overshadowing an impressive Toon win.
Witnesses say he spent the two-and-a-half hour coach journey back to Tyneside in silence, not knowing whether his latest moment of madness would cost him his job. —
I Love You: wallpaper & theme
To set “I Love You” as your wallpaper, install the theme on your device and change your phone background with one click.
See more themes and wallpapers for Android phones and tablets
Love the theme? Get a free messaging app Agent with “I Love You” “I Love You” wallpaper and theme.
Tags: I love you, roses, hearts, teddy bear, theme, wallpaper, background, samsung note wallpaper, galaxy wallpaper, nexus 7 wallpaper, chat background, messaging app, free chat, video chat, free calls, stickers, smileys, video messages, picture messages.)
**The offline databases are available only in the following countries (Taiwan, Japan, Hong Kong, Korea and USA, Brazil, Malaysia!
Truedialer - Dialer & Contacts Social Media Integration: See the latest profile photo, job title and city information for friends, family and business associates from Facebook and LinkedIn.
• In-Call Location Sharing: Attach your current location to help with directions during any call.
• Update Contacts: Add names and addresses from the Whitepages directory to your contacts to keep them complete and up to date.
"Whitepages’ Caller ID app is the future of smartphone calling" – VentureBeat
"Caller ID on steroids" - Huffington Post
(Whitepages Caller ID previously named Whitepages Current Caller ID)
Rocket Caller ID CC Theme
Notice:Make sure RocketDial V2.8.30 above has been installed.
====>Tips:
1. Make sure RocketDial V2.8.30 , No time limitation:
RocketDial Pro (paid version)
Like RocketDial in facebook.
Caller id-Caller Name
*find phone number
*phone number search
*call blocker
*spam blocker
*block phone calls
*caller identification
*caller id
*trucaller id
*number lookup
*phone number lookup
Never take unwanted calls Real Caller id contains live Caller Id Feature
That Shows you the Caller Name And the True phone number worldwide
Caller ID!
Galaxy Theme - BIG! caller ID
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme!
Visit for details.
White ICS Theme - BIG caller
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
New York Theme - BIG caller ID
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
Ice Cream Sandwich Theme - BIG
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
Retro Theme for BIG! caller ID
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
Valentine's Day theme for BIG!
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
Christmas Theme for BIG!
Are you an Android developer? Try making your own Theme! Visit for details.
BIG! caller ID Unlocker
You need to have a free version installed before purchasing:
[OLD] Puzzle Alarm Unlocker
This is the Unlocker for Puzzle Alarm Clock for Android 2.1-2.3 and for users who have bought it before.- September 7, 2007
- September 4, 2007
- September 2, 2007
- August 23, 2007
- August 21, 2007
- August 16, 2007
- August 15, 2007
- August 14, 2007
- August 9, 2007
- August 9, 2007
- 41 of 43
- April 9, 2009
- April 8, 2009
- April 8, 2009
- April 8, 2009
- April 7, 2009
- April 6, 2009
- April 6, 2009
- March 1, 2009
- February 27, 2009
- February 26, 2009
- February 26, 2009
- February 24, 2009
- February 11, 2009
- January 19, 2009
- January 14, 2009.
Twenty-two organizations including Unitarian church groups, gun ownership advocates, and a broad coalition of membership and political advocacy organizations filed suit against the National Security Agency for violating their First Amendment right of association by illegally collecting their call.Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin - United States
Property ID: 5599
Print Page
Located.Check-in Time: 16:00Check-out Time: 10:00Check-in Days: Sunday, FridayImportant InformationPet Information: Animals are not permitted; could result in forfeiture of the unit and/or other penalties.Multi Floor With No Elevator Access: YesResort is not suitable for handicapped people, elderly, or people with walking difficulties.Resort cannot honor unit upgrades or moves.Occupancy limits are strictly enforced: could result in forfeiture of the unit and/or other penalties.Security deposit required upon check-in at the resort.Amenities and area attractions are seasonal.Mandatory fee: Security deposit is 225 U.S. dollars.Follow The Republic:
Do you have an orchid, onion, birthday or anniversary you'd like to see published? Click Here to submit your items for around town using our online form!
• Jon Stone, from your wife and children.
• JoAnn Michaels, from Pastor Lewis and Who So Ever Will Community Church.
• Megan Huffman, from Mamaw and family.
• June Corbin, grandma, from Adam, Austin, Holly and Sam.
• Megan Bozell, from Mamaw and family.
• Maggie Dawn Brown on No. 1, from Daddy, Mommy, Nana, Papaw, Aunt Kara, Nakia, Isabel, Dawson, Steven, Uncle Timothy and Uncle Jeremy.
• Russ Taylor, from Steve and Char.
• Amy Hege, from Grandma Hege.
• Peg Downey.
• Nicholas Long.
• Nancy Burton, from Mom, Troy, Jonathan, Kim, Adam and Mark.
• Francis Sloan, from all your kids, grandkids and great-grandkids and from Robin and Johnny.
• Lisa Welch, from Alice and the rest of your friends.
• Happy Anniversary to
• Ken and Bonnie Holt, from Bob and Jeri.
• Brady Mitchell on No. 8, from Mammaw and Pappaw Murphy.
• Bootie and Darlene Burton, from Pastor Lewis and Who So Ever Will Community Church.
• Ronald Schaub on No. 35, from Sara.
• Sara Schaub on No. 35, from Ron.
• Mike and Dana Debaun, from Hope Moravian Church.
• Jerry and Beverly McKinney.
• James and Kristin Harker Toole.
• Ron and Sharon Waltz.
• Mark and Susan Baldwin on No. 25, from your family.
Think your friends should see this? Share it with them!
All content copyright ©2015 The Republic, a division of Home News Enterprises unless otherwise noted.
Qualified Senior Software Developer with Great Experience.
Germany - Last active: 2
Software Architect and Developer
Colombia - Last active: 11/18/2014 - Portfolio: 2
Summary Software Engineer with a focus on distributed systems development, HA systems and highly scalable Internet-based architectures. More than 10 years of experience working for different industries such as: Telecommunications, E-Commerce, Banking, Retail, B2C, etc. Specialties: Distributed systems programming, Erlang/OTP, C/C++, Java, C#, UNIX/POSIX programming, VoIP, NGIN. Experience Technical Lead, Intertec International Heredia, Costa rica — 2014-Present CTO/Co-Founder, Niagara Systems, Inc. Medellin, Colombia — 2008-Present - Designed and developed WEST, tool written in Erlang/OTP for messaging-based systems development, with high concurrency and real-time requirements. [] - Designed and developed WEST Java Client. [] - Designed and developed IM solution, using Erlang/OTP, MongooseIM, FFMpeg, Nginx Media Server and FreeBSD. - Designed and developed MERC, a MarkLogic REST Client written in Erlang/OTP. - Designed and developed Cloud Communications Platform with a RESTful API. Technologies: Java, Mobicents (JAIN SLEE, MMS), Spring and JBoss AS. - Designed and developed a distributed logging solution with Riak database and Erlang/OTP. - Designed and implemented EMCALI Click-To-Call Service. Technologies: Java, JSLEE, Mobicents Media Server and JBoss AS. - Implemented Cloud Communication Platform for EMCALI. - Designed and implemented Electronic Recharge Service. Technologies: C/C++, Dialogic. - Designed and implemented Sponsored Calls Service. Technologies: Java, JSLEE, Mobicents Media Server and JBoss AS. - Designed Mobile Services architecture for Avianca BCBP System (Bar Coding Boarding Pass). - Designed Next Generation Services Platform for ETB. IT Specialist/Applications Architect, IBM Bogotá, Colombia — 2011-2013 Bancolombia - Innova Project. - Designed and developed SWIFT Server simulator. Technologies: Java, Spring, JMS and WebSphere MQ. - Designed architecture of Distributed Document Management System. - Designed and developed a distributed caching solution, using Java, Spring, EHCache and Memcached. - Designed architecture of TRADE solution, based on SOA and EDA. Senior Software Architect, Carvajal S.A. Cali, Colombia — 2008-2011 - Designed and developed EWS (EBusiness Web Services), a Web-based business network and invoicing platform. Technologies: Java, JMS, Spring Integration, REST and WebSockets. - Designed and developed Peru Electronic Billing Solution based on SUNAT government regulations. Technologies: Java, JMS, Spring Integration and SOAP. - Designed a Credit Card Solution for COOMEVA. - Designed and implemented a Distributed Caching System. - Designed a Mass Email Sending System. - Implemented a Capacity and Performance Model for B2B invoicing platform, using QN Models. - Designed and developed Traceability Solution based on RFID technology. Software Engineer, T-Uno Colombia Bogotá, Colombia — 2007-2008 - Designed a Real Time Video Conference System. - Designed and developed a voice-recording module for an audio conference platform. C/C++ and Aculab. - Designed and developed a digital E1 line monitoring system. C/C++ and Aculab. Software Developer, Innovatec Ltda. Cali, Colombia — 2006-2007 - Designed and developed Prepaid Calling Card Platform. C/C++ and Dialogic. - Developed a VoIP/TDM/PRI/GSM gateway. C/C++ and Dialogic. - Developed version 2 of PBX platform. C/C++ and Dialogic. - Designed and developed TEMAS, a Telemarketing application written in C/C++, using Dialogic boards. Education Master of Management, Information Technologies Cali, Colombia — 2010-Present Universidad ICESI. Specialist in Networks and Communications Cali, Colombia — 2007-2010 Universidad ICESI. Bachelor of Science in Electronics Engineering Cali, Colombia — 2000-2006 Pontificia Universidad Javeriana. Professional Qualifications - Software Architecture Design Professional Certificate, Carnegie Mellon University and Software Engineering Institute, 2011. - Advanced Distributed Systems Design using SOA & DDD, presented by Udi Dahan, 2010. - Business Process Management Course, IT Institute (ITERA), 2009. Skills & Expertise - Erlang/OTP - Distributed Systems - C/C++ - Enterprise Software Architecture - Java - Real-Time Systems (VoIP, NGIN, IMS) - Unix/Posix Programming - NoSQL (Riak, MongoDB, CouchBase, Redis, etc.)
Expert .NET, SQL Server and C/C++ developer.
Romania - Last active: 26So confusing why millions downloaded stuff from it. I took a look yesterday. My goodness its full of crap. The only worthwile apps are Apple developed ones ( ilife,iWork, ...), the rest are unworthy of my desktop at any price.
Yeah, the interface is a little odd too. The whole thing just makes osx look cheap.
Good point. I didn't see Pixelmator there.
It looked like there were less than a couple hundred apps, and I didn't notice Pixelmator. Probably because it was surrounded by a bunch of worthless (from my perspective) apps ported from IOS.
I think they really need to work on the organization and presentation of the app store. It looks too thrown together. Like the value bin at Compusa, its difficult to find the worthwhile apps from the worthless ones.
Probably because Apple don't care for a good web front end, it's all about locking people into an application like iTunes anyway, since that's what you have to use.
Apple should get with 2010 and make their software web friendly, since this vendor lock-in like design is a thing of the 90s.
Upon reading the Apple site, it seems that the App Store for OSX does not use iTunes. It is a separate app included with the latest OSX update.
Pixelmator is a real good price on the app Store. I'd expect the makers to sell a lot more this way. If the cost to the end user is lower and the dev sells more isn't that a win-win?
Also, The Apple supplied apps (eg pages) are not at the top of the listing.(as seen with my web browser). If that continues then I really have a hard time understanding the problems people have with it. You don't have to use it do you?
I would not expect Adobe to start selling CS5 via the app store..
I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for that one. Get with 2010? Hell, hey haven't even managed to get with 2001 and put web interfaces on their "Airport" gateways.
I see the changing philosophy with consistency as a result of what the web is teaching us. Websites evolved without the toolkits resulting in a lot more experimentation in their designs. The next generation of designers are growing up with the web as the biggest platform resulting in a different way of thinking about design.
The old way of thinking was that a good UI was a set of rules to follow religiously. While the web generation of design sees a good UI as something that:
* Is on message marketing wise (style and copy)
* Is consistent workflow wise, but not necessarily in the details
* Tests well. I think this is a big one. User testing is now the stamp of approval for web designs. Having a design that users find easy to use and elicits the emotional response they are looking for is seen as far more important than following platform style guides.
Is this a good thing? Well that remains to be seen. It seems to be working well so far as web and mobile interfaces take this philosophy and are seeing great adoption rates, especially among people who found computers too hard to use in the 90s.).
Fisher Price has the UI market cornered when it comes to the "6yrs and under" category.
Apple has a lot to learn from them including, design cues for preventing users from chewing on their laptops, or swallowing mag-safe connectors; not to mention more exotic tricks like drool resistant touch interfaces...
Edited 2011-01-07 18:54 UTC_2<<
Funnily enough i mentioned something similar in another topic on OSNews
The App store App is absolutely terrible. I love the idea and i have found so good apps in there like things, pixelmator etc.. (which i already own). I think this is a good way to expose applications to mac users and helps developers who don't want to setup a payment system + website hosting.
However the actual app is really bad, it really looks like someone opened xcode and just dragged and dropped whilst drunk in the space of 15 seconds. I don't understand how apple could have let this leave the gates, it's really unrefined for an apple app. Normally visual inconsistencies don't bother me, but this is the first app where i actually noticed the traffic lights are not positioned correctly which in turn means the back and forward buttons could not be position correctly (under the traffic lights e.g. finder, safari etc..)
The spacing along the top equally looks awful and i must admit i missed the category buttons on the first load up as they blend in with nothing separating them from the title bar, but everything just looks strangely spaced out again as if a 5 year old was let loose on the UI.
I hope they correct the app store soon as to me it looks rushed and unprofessional.
I think you are quite right about xcode etc. - iTunes for instance is by far the worst app I (have to) use on Windows.
About 3 years ago or so an Apple guy gave a presentation about a music app to my team. Not a great app (I can't even remember its name now), but ...
... the noteworthy bit of the presentation was him cheekily admitting in a moment of truth: "Well actually Apple doesn't care which software you use as long as you buy our hardware"
Take this as Apple's prime goal and many decisions make perfect sense - and to be honest I think it's a valid path, every company has limited resources to an extent and has to set priorities and make the best of it.
Edited 2011-01-07 22:32 UTC
iBooks was the first warning sign. Wooden buttons! The interface resembles an Windows 3.11 encyclopedia app for kids.
Not to mention how OSX used to have Aqua and Brushed Metal visual styles, which behaved slightly differently. Even Apple was confused and some apps (e.g. Finder) switched from one style to another.
My guess is that Apple has more designers than it actually needs and these awful interfaces are accepted to keep designers busy or as a result of internal political battles. Think different.
there was a band named "Simply Red", and they had a song "Money's too tight to mention" which i used to love. What does this have to do with the article, you might ask, and rightfully so. Well, I tend to think that Apple has limited resources (mostly due to their closed nature) and has a tendency to focus them on the most profitable product. On top of that, they (Apple) do not care if they leave their customers hanging. In short, in order to keep profit margins healthy and secrets secretive, Apple will not invest in increasing their resources and will focus on what brings the most money in. Currently that is not Mac OS X.
Consistency is important to me, and I think it can be maintained without making things boring. If consistency were the primary goal, every app would look the same, regardless (think how hideous Windows apps would be if they were consistent!). We do, however, need things to have similar visual cues, and an overall consistent behavior of buttons that look, or look like they should look, the same. Things like the placement of window management buttons, titles and so forth should be kept consistent, not to say "forever unchanging", but if Apple wants to change it, their underlying UI tools should be able to uniformly change every app at once, assuming they used Apple's tools to do it. Buttons, also, are premade in UI toolkits for a reason. Morgan points out that some buttons darken, as expected, while others lighten, which I find to be wierd. The pointless eye candy stacking animation is misleading too. If you've seen the dodge effect in Compiz, that would probably be a better way of doing it; slide the tab out and over the top, so you can see it's the one coming forward. I think, for novices, Compiz's dodge is the simplest and best thing ever. Teaching people how to use computers on Windows often gets stupid questions like "where did my window go?" when they focus on another, dodge clearly shows that one comes forward, and the others go back.
I actually think the Tweetie screenshot in Gruber's post, despite being the same but a little bit uglier, is a better design overall. I feel like the twitter app needs a great big "under construction" sign on it. I'm all for making things differently so they make more sense, and relaxing HIG, but not throwing HIG out the window. If you want to make apps like that, then they should behave fundamentally differently, maybe like widgets.
On OSX, you really have to go to lengths to make an such an inconsistent UI.
Normally, you just open up Interface Builder, create a window, some controls, and a few views. The view are like the editor windows in a word processor, in that they draw custom content.
All of the title bars, widgets, controls, etc... are normally standard Cocoa widgets.
To hack the title bar, like in app store, you really have to do some series overriding of standard behavior. This is a lot of effort. I don't know why they went to such trouble when the app store could have be such a simple and consistent UI, if they would have just left the standard widgets alone.
At least app store is not as bad as office on windows. Not sure if I'm in the minority, but the UI on MS office Mac 2011 is actually pretty nice, and dare I say consistent.
I certainly would not go so far as ribbon is bliss, its not bad though. I can't stand the menus / titlebars, just bizarre.
With the little msoffice use I've done, I have to say ribbon makes it much easier to use than, say, openoffice. How hard can it be to overhaul OOo interface to use ribbon anyway? It should be a trivial rearrangement...
The ribbon is a nightmare: completely ad hoc, almost deliberately misaligned packing of widgets and huge vertical space wastage in the age of widescreen monitors. The humble toolbar certainly wasn't cutting it since... 1997 but they really went about solving that problem in an arse-backwards and anachronistic manner.
KOffice, on the other hand - for once, the over-engineered mess that is KDE paid off. If it weren't for stability issues and feature incompleteness, it'd be the perfect office suite. Docking toolbars-come-plasmids to the side of the window works like a dream.
Wrong. Wrong, and wrong:...
Edumacate yourself. The ribbon is a statistical based improvement that take no extra screen estate.
Compared to the menu-driven interface, it uses the exact same amount of space.
But since you're here:
And that's just the stuff that comes with the OS (that I haven't removed). Imagine if I had Defender, WMP, WLM and Office - all MS products - sitting there as well. They haven't clean up their act at all; they're still as lazy and flippant as they've always been.
Edited 2011-01-09 03:56 UTC
Compared to the menu-driven interface, it uses the exact same amount of space.
Try checking the link Kroc provided, but look at the screenshots instead of the misleading text. Ribbons do beyond any doubt, and easily proven use more space (you can argue wether this is good trade-off or not, but not argue the facts). The misleading point in Kroc's link is made by the fact that Office 2007 has slightly more space available for content after removing additional unrelated widgets such as the horizontal scrollbar and the lineal/tab bar.
Edited 2011-01-09 23:12 UTC
Also, at least app store, nor just about anything else (except perhaps matlab from as UI perspective) is as bad as QT applications on OSX. Now there is an absolute and total disaster. QT apps are so freaking bad on OSX that the only way I uses them is either on one of my LInux boxes, or Linux running inside Parallels.
"Apple taught us not to try and cram a traditional desktop interface onto a mobile device, yet now, it seems as if they are trying to cram a mobile interface onto a desktop. How delightfully ironic."
A Big Ball will never fit in a small hole, but other way around will work! it's called "lowest common denominator"
I can teach a Seer braille, but you can't teach a Blind the normal Type!
so in my opinion your statement is not ironic!
It's funny but I didn't notice any of these little nitpicks about the App store app. But now that you mentioned it, I find that it is indeed a mess.
But comparing it to Microsoft cleaning up Vista and refining the UI with Windows 7 is just plain wrong, at least in my book.
Microsofts major thing for Windows 7 was to remove all the farging toolbar icons and replace it with plain text labels. UGLY. They then did the same thing with the Windows Live tools like Live mail, etc to remove all the pretty icons and replace it with plain text. UGLY! Well apparently MS has changed their minds because the new 2011 Live tools all have icons back on the toolbar.
So even MS can't figure out what it wants to do either. And yes I much prefer the icons and toolbar of Vista over Windows 7.
Beyond mind-boggling inconsistency, aesthetics is the least of MS' design woes.
Do you think these UI changes seen in the app store are changes that are being implemented into the upcoming Lion? I'm not sure what Lion screenshots I've seen around are mock-ups or are legit, but I wonder if some of the elements are a preview of what is to come. But I wouldn't be surprised either if it's just inconsistency.
not to explode on monday when i'll be listening how apple invented downloading applications from single source. same thing was about mobile store. this time i'll be prepared so i don't kill my foolish friend who is avid fanboy and always spews non-sense. i'm just waiting to hear how apple invented warn water and sliced bread. osnews might have just saved his life. one of these days impulse might just take over my pacifism. someone so foolish and sheep like should be put down out of pitty
the fact it uses different interface is old news. every release made some minor/major changes in new apps but leaving some old ones as they were. apple ate the consistency when they launched second release of OSX.
Edited 2011-01-07 21:18 UTC
Oh, someone else saw that too?
its a firefox rendering bug, best as I can make out. Doens't happen in other browsers. If you view source, you can see the problem pretty quickly.
Sorry don't know how to do html on osnews, but that is supposed to be an ending of an a tag above.
When viewing the source, you notice that the html comments are highlighted green. The highlighting seems to end at the end of my quote up above. Somehow it notices the -- from the "Sorry -- YAAWWNNN" part and the closing bracket from the a tag and thinks thats the end of the comment.
Doesn't happen in other browsers like chrome.
For historical record keeping purposes, it "works" now because the comment that triggered the bug is no longer a "top Comment", So its not in the page and not triggering the odd firefox bug. So if Osnews "web editors" can't find the problem anymore, that's why.
In the future you can do one of two things to prevent this issue:
1) Remove double hyphens from comments displayed in the top comment section.
2) Remove the output of the top comments. Why are they there, but commented out? Tis Ghetto.
I wasn't quite that offended with the app store UI, but I was somewhat taken aback by the tabs that don't look like tabs. Didn't notice the rest.
However, this is where you go off the rails:
The iPhone UI is actually quite amazingly consistent. Yes, some app developers are idiots and try to make their app stand out with bizarre behaviour, but for the most part the standard widgets are used everywhere and they always work the same way. The only thing most apps do is customize the colours, which isn't the end of the world. As a developer on iOS, it is dead simple to make consistent user interfaces and add consistent, helpful animations for transitions. You can't complain that some of the 400,000 apps out there spend a bunch of time to break that consistency.
Work the same way yes. But they almost never look the same way when they are used - font and icon sizing, spacing, layout arrangements, everything is all over the map. And that is just when the built in UI elements are actually used, more often than not they are not used at all and developers roll their own controls. And honestly the "idiots" that do "bizarre" behavior are for the most part the ones that get boatloads of sales (when their bizarre design is actually good).
I'm not at all saying this is bad - I like that so much freedom is being taken in design. I just can't at all see how you view this as consistent relative to say Gnome, where virtually every application lays out things in an almost identical manner. I think Gnome is boring frankly - but it's applications are certainly consistent. iOS, not so much...
Work the same way yes. But they almost never look the same way when they are used - font and icon sizing, spacing, layout arrangements, everything is all over the map.
Well no. It isn't. If you use the standard components, which most apps do, then everything is the same. Of course, app developers can change fonts and colours and if they work really hard, they can move things around. But being an app developer, I know that it is a hell of a lot more work to be inconsistent. You can fault the app developers for not sticking to the standards, but the standards exist and are very clear about how things should look and go into great detail about things like alignment and spacing of elements.
Well most of the top apps are games. Of course those aren't consistent. Games have never been, and I don't see a reason for them to be since their UI is usually minimal around the game itself.
The other top apps are pretty consistent (aside from colour, I don't think that's really important to use). Navigation bar on top, possibly a toolbar at the bottom, and most of the time a table view in the middle. Standard widgets are widely used, I've never seen anyone reimplement them completely custom.
Well the colours are certainly more consistent in Gnome or most other desktop OSes. However, I think it is less important in a mobile context because you only have one window open at a time. On the desktop with many windows, having each be a different colour would be a horrible clashing mess. As for consistent behaviour, I think it's about the same, with the edge going to Gnome because they police that far more.
I think Gnome is boring frankly - but it's applications are certainly consistent. iOS, not so much... [/q]
I was not trying to imply that iOS as a platform was bad in any way when it comes to giving you the tools to do "consistent" UIs. I agree the tools are there, and if you do things the "normal" way you get very consistent look and feel.
My point is unlike many other platforms, it is incredibly easy to override the default drawing behavior of virtually everthing - including the standard UI widgets - and devlopers do routinely modifying how they are drawn, to the point where I honestly rarely see a major application with a "generic" style for built in widgets.
The table view element for example: developers routinely adjust height, size, spacing, icon layout (left, right, top), colors, group headers (some have icons, some don't, different colors), etc.
I'm not saying this is bad - but it is certainly not consistent in the same sense as in say Gnome, where developers rarely if ever deviate from the default styles for any built in widgets.
I don't think it is *so* important to have extreme visual consistency. As long as the controls are easily discernible and with clear functionality, their color or style is ininfluent. Well, maybe it would be nice to maintain consistency across the whole application :-)
That said, the App Store app and the Twitter client are obvious examples of how things should *not* be done.
Consistency within the UI of the OS is one thing: Apple and Microsoft both seem to do some dunder-headed things in this area that they often deserve to be called out on.
But for apps, there is an argument to be made for design freedom. From a developers point of view, "consistency" means "take your styling cues from the OS and try to look and work the same way".
There were always some developers that just did things their own way, often with terrible results. These were often held up as examples of what not to do. But honestly, their problem in reality was that they were just bad designs. It isn't always a bad thing to deviate from the OS style guide - if you do something unique, elegant, and easy for users to adapt to it often ends up being an overall win. It is something that separates you from the flock.
iOS apps are a particularly fertile playground for this sort of experimentation, since the built in UI elements are very limited and very boring. With the exception of the springboard, iOS is absolutely bland - most developers do everything they can think of not to look like cookie cutter iOS app. That and being touch based there are a lot of directions you can go, there really isn't a particular "style" involved in a good design.
My point is simply that I think developers are tired of having to take their queues from Microsoft and Apple for everything, that isn't necessarily a bad thing. Delicious Library is a good example (although I have never used it). Sure, it had some unique features that had nothing to do with the UI, but the primary reason it garnered so much attention was the bookshelf UI paradigm. Granted that is an isolated UI element, and for the most part the application melds nicely with OSX, but it is certainly not "taking queues from the OS"...
Wow, it would be hard to take a quote more out of context then that. The full sentence from the article is is: "Liberals see an app built using nothing other than standard system UI elements as boring, old-fashioned, stodgy." Using your same technique we could quote him as saying "non-standard custom UI elements as wrong."
However in the process of his analysis he clearly nailed one thing, which your out-of-context quoting is a perfect example of:
"The problem is that once you see that a certain piece of UI criticism is coming from someone at a distant position from yours on the conservative/liberal design spectrum, there’s a natural tendency to close your mind and discount everything they say."
So what is consistency? Are we talking about the granular "this is not 4px from the top" stuff, or the more important (from my perspective) "is this in the same general place and does it look fairly similar" stuff?
So lets consider those who are the App Store's target audience. IMHO it's aimed squarely at the switchers and those who've never really owned a computer - many people on this forum would be totally amazed at just how many people, even young people, don't own and have never owned a computer! Many of the App Store's target audience, I dare say most in fact, have arrived at the Mac via an iDevice. So they're familiar with the iOS UI and if they were a switcher they'd be familiar with iTunes.
So lets look at the layout of the App store compared to what that target audience is going to be familiar with. Window control widgets top left - check. Search box top right - check. Back and forward buttons, arrows that point left and right somewhere in the top left - check. Some form of category menu along the top - check. Quick links top of the right menu - check. Big ugly scroller advertising new junk at the top - check. Section headings with a clickable "See all" link - check. Top paid, top grossing, top free sections in right menu - check. The list goes on.
Are there some low level inconsistencies in the design. A site impaired individual on a hurtling equine can see there are, even between this and the iOS App store. One that pisses me more than anything is the lack of breadcrumbs on the product detail page - but then that's a concept that comes from web sites and this isn't a web site is it?
But does that impact the target audience for this product, who would see this as being almost identical to use to the iOS App Store? Not in the slightest.
And as has been pointed out here by numerous others both of the major commercial OS players have significant issues performing well in the micro detail department when it comes to UI consistency - hell I could whack Windows 7 up BOTH sides of the head with a baseball bat over some of the crap in there - and supposedly they spent a lot of time "fixing" it.
The reality is that no matter what Apple did with this App Store there are certain people who were going to absolutely hate it, for all sorts of reasons. For those of us who use our computers as a tool of the trade, for a bit of entertainment and to stay in touch with family and friends it really doesn't matter. I opened it, looked through what was one there, thought it was neat the it recognised that I already had some of the apps installed, swore about there being no breadcrumbs, decided there was nothing I wanted or needed, then went back to doing what I do with my computer for most of the day, working. Maybe some people just have too much free time on their hands...
Thom you old man, how a nice tall glass of hatorade!
No, but in all seriousness, stuff like this is the reason I ditched Mac's about a year ago. It just feels like they are shifting way too much towards their i* line of stuff and away from Macs.
Doesn't it seem funny how Apple is getting messier and moving a mobile OS onto x86 while MS is getting much more organized and now moving their desktop-class OS onto embedded hardware
What wonderfully bizarre times we live in
Edited 2011-01-08 01:00 UTC
I find this article a bit ridiculous. Apple made good on their promise to have the app store open in three months and that they did.
They will eventually improve the UI over time, obviously anything new will have a few problems to work out. Especially since there was a time factor involved.
With over 1 million downloads in the first 24 hours tells me it did not bother most people, as well as my self.
When I first used their app store I never thought to myself, gee, this UI sucks. I thought it simplistic, easy to use and did what it needed to do.
"They will eventually improve the UI over time, obviously anything new will have a few problems to work out. Especially since there was a time factor involved."
Seriously?
Well, I happen to know that doing anything outside the normal toolkit on a Mac is rather difficult and time consuming so I don't think that's what's going on here. the put a good amount of work into making this app different than the norm. Now we just need to figure out why and if this is a sign of UI design to come from Apple.
Edited 2011-01-08 01:05 UTC
Ah, the old Apple Person "they made the thing! So what if it's awful? They'll make it better!"
When Leopard came out, it wiped out the system of one person I knew, and borked a fair amount of data on another's.
The consensus was that Leopard was beta-at-best on release, but they were still happy with the purchase.
The jist of the conversation, paraphrased, obviously.
"It broke your system, forcing you to re-install"
"yeah, but Time Machine is really good back-up software"
"no, I'm not talking about the data itself. You payed for a product. the product should work properly, or you should get a refund"
"well, I'd have to return it"
"I'm asking you why you're not angry"
"it's still got alot of cool features, though I hate <insert 1/2 of said features>"
*thegzeus gives up*
Similar thing when the first iPhone came out.
"It doesn't _do_ anything, and you can't install outside applications..."
"The UI is great, and I can browse the web and get my email anywhere!"
"You can do those things on other similar devices"
"but the UI sucks"
"*sigh* ok, so you payed 600usd for something that makes phone calls, browses the web, and lets you manually check your email... because it's pretty?"
"It's also an iPod!"
*thegzeus gives up*
Edited 2011-01-08 15:48 UTC
Well, what did you think they should do? Return the computer and use paper & pen? Or did you have a better option for them? Do you consider Windows XP (which was the version available at the time) to be a better, more stable and bug free OS compared to Leopard?
Every major (and minor) piece of software has bugs. If you depend on your computer for your livelihood you learn not to be an early adopter. Wait a few months after a software is released, read reviews etc. and wait until you are confident that you need it and it will serve your purpose.
If not, and you are a computer enthusiast, you live on the bleeding-edge and learn to live with the risks.
They release utterly broken and/or useless products, and Apple People rave about them.
What I'd have them do is figure out what that itchy thing over their eyes is, and remove it.
I'd have them acknowledge that there are problems, and react accordingly.
I'd have them be rational.
The thing is, people join cults because they want something to believe in unconditionally, and they react viciously when they feel those beliefs are threatened.
Will there always be early adopters? Yes.
Do these early adopters have to adopt the very earliest if it's utterly broken? No.
Apple has no incentive to improve their practices if their core base doesn't want them to do so.
Thus, Apple will never will never truly improve their practices.
When Leopard came out, it wiped out the system of one person I knew, and borked a fair amount of data on another's.
The consensus was that Leopard was beta-at-best on release, but they were still happy with the purchase.
So apparently it is Apple's fault that your friend is a knuckle dragging moron? amazing how all these came down to fuckwitts installing third party hackware that ended up borking the operating system that was installed on top of it. Were there issues when Leopard came out? sure, just as there was with Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7 but unlike those operating systems I wasn't forced to pay upwards of NZ$500 for a retail version of Windows nor was I told I had to wait up to 12 months for a service pack to correct some bugs where Apple releases updates to their operating system within months of it being released. Bash Apple all you want but it says more about yourself than contributing anything worthwhile to the discussion.
Talking about UI without any screenshots at all? And Is this an article or just a rant or a troll? And having read through comments I felt like being in a Windows forum. Nothing can be perfect nor can be great from the beginning. period. And I had absolutely no problem at all using App Store. Consistency? Do you mean a pixel-by-pixel consistency? That isn't good. Only over all consistency which does not interfere with workflow is enough. This article is really depressing and these kind of articles make the site over all quality lower and make me not to come to the site as often as I have used to..
The 2+ decade long GUI recommendations documents that evolved slowly on real CHI studies that Apple (granted at times slowly) used to form its GUI guideline documents was at times conservative and served many well. Stanards, things that matter to folks, with meaning and didn't stall or evolve too fast were expected. Apple years ago with the consumerism model of iPlop/Pod/Crap changed this and forgot where it came from, got greedy, became complacent and didn't really care a crap about the user experience any more. That is where Apple is today, and where Micro$haft was and maybe is (by playing catchup) today as well.
These and other conditions in the markets (linux sucks plain and simple, I don't care how hard you try to make a very old and ugly core/OS usable) demand that I don't recommend computer tech devices (phone, tablets, PCs, otherwise) to anyone. These devices don't liberate, they enslave folks via the GUI and feature-dumb-downness.
I am telling you the emperor's new clothes may have existed in the birdhouse Macs, but less gullible people have know the emperor has been a nudist for over a decade.
In my subjective opinion KDE is the current king of usability. Not perfect, but consistent, clear and easily customisable, so you are never stuck with some artsy moron's form-over-function UI component appearance.
Yeah, why not. Let's talk about the weather when there's an elephant in the room.
I don't give much about the interface (in fact: it is consistent with the other Apple 'Store' experiences, just ten times as fast).
I ask: Where are we heading? Do we really want one big american corporation to know, and to control, the purchases and downloads we do? Do we have enough reasons to trust Apple?
Interface design at Apple is obviously no longer driven by designers, instead it's controlled by "artists"; AKA the people who know how to make pretty pictures but are utterly clueless when it comes to design, usability, etc.
Really, why is anyone surprised? Apple elevates "form over function" almost to the level of corporate philosophy; this is a company that his repeatedly prioritized aesthetics ahead of adequate cooling and that actually pays people to create 512px version of icons that will never be viewed at even a 4th of that size.
I get that feeling with Mac OS X that there has been a tug of war between two factions in the Mac OS X development team with an attempt to compromise being a system that looks pretty but lacks the consistency that Mac OS X has been known for - when it comes to 'look and feel'.
Microsoft is no better in those regards where you have ever control panel item when loaded doing their 'own thing' - each bundled application with Windows using a different widget kit, look and feel. Completely disjointed and as though developers threw shit against the wall with what stuck being used as their muse for UI development.
What I think is laughable is when Windows advocates bash Linux on the desktop claiming it is an 'inconsistent mess' and yet casual use of GNOME or KDE shows a greater care to a consistent user experience and integration than what one observes with Windows.
'Form over function" - what examples do you have beside a few 'dim bulbs' putting their computer in a poorly ventilated room that is incredibly hot and wondering why things go haywire or them whining about the 'fans starting up' then installing a widget to slow the fans down but then whining that their computer over heats and shuts down? I've had this iMac for almost 2 and a bit years and never saw an example of 'form over function', I've had my MacBook Pro for almost a year and again I've never seen an example of 'form over function'.
Yes, I don't beat the living crap out of my computers, throw them around the room, bash them up when they're in a laptop bag but I would have thought such 'common sense' behaviour would be normal amongst those who actually want their property to last a long time.
Edited 2011-01-10 00:21 UTC
And laff and laff. Most of the time I use it from the shell, The Linux interface on KDE and Gnome is frequently inconsistent, and often ugly or weird, To me the app store is honestly ugly to the point of invisible. I have to look away from the interface. I am not even gonna open it unless I need to, and this is simplistic. I am certain that was not the goal. I do not think that Apple was shooting for an 'uncanny valley' of GUI control. I have a lot of software on my Mac that is from ISVs. Their GUIs are also freq. strange I dont see the consistency that I was subtle(and enforced back in the day). - I remember the skinning phase in the mac from let's say system 7.5 on up. I used to Love Kaleidoscope and Resedit and others. These days I see too much customization as too much time to waste on my hands.
Now it is easy to talk about the toolbar in XCode/Interface builder but if that is the case then why not open that App Bundle up and see what the UI element is and what some KVO-pairs in the default.plist are. This is generally gonna reliable. There is a plist editor a command line tool. I know that I wont, because I don't care. I am not planning on opening the app and staring down my bellybutton. And making a functioning toolbar in an app is difficult, compounded by the certainty that Apple designers are using much newer versions of XCode and MacOS X
I was insulted that Thom or who ever wrote this never mentioned Linux in brief glance that I had on this article. I mean Linux has been ahead for years in this, showing how Awesome it is. Most Linux software has had inconsistenced UI for years, that's the Awesome Power of Open Source! I think this surely shows what copycats Microsoft and Apple truly are, all innovation has always came from Fabolous Open Source community.
Actually, the only thing that 'Linux' has is a console and third-party applications.
It's up to distributions or the individual to choose what UI style they want.
KDE is pretty good at consistency, especially as KDE4 moves forward.
GNOME _tries_ for it, but seems to be under the impression that anything that isn't the same as something else is to be removed, rather than changed...
As a side-note, your diction and spelling are atrocious.>><<
D’Arcy and O’Connell return for Welsh test
- International
- February 6, 2014
Ireland captain Paul O’Connell will lead his country against Wales in the Six Nations Championship match at the Aviva stadium on Saturday.The Munster (...)(...)
Young Ireland team keeps USA at bay
- International
- June 9, 2013, 08:59
Ireland 15 USA 12Scary looking scoreline. In fairness, the professionalism of this extremely young Ireland team, with five new caps blooded over the (...)
Leinster’s direct style earns Pro12 success
Leinster 24 Ulster 18 : The big call in this Rabo Pro 12 final was made by Ulster(...)
Anscombe has no excuses after Saracens see off Ulster’s Heineken Cup challenge
Saracens 27 Ulster 16:Mark Anscombe expert(...)103 Waterford Ter, San Rafael, CA 94903
3 beds,166 sqft
- Single Family
- Built in 2013
- Views: 848 all time views
Features
- Patio
Additional Features
- Dining Room \ Dining Area, Exterior \ Wood Siding, Living Room \ Fireplace(s), Property Type \ Residential, Showing \ BAREIS Lockbox, Showing \ Go Directly, Showing \ Leave Card, Stories/Levels \ 1 Story, Style \ Contemporary, View(s) \ None
Construction
- Stories: 1
- Structure type: Contemporary
Other
- Floor size: 2,125 sqft
- Zillow Home ID: 211029-540K.
Mortgages
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts 94903 home values will rise 4.9% next year, compared to a 3.2% rise for San Rafael as a whole. Among 94903 homes, this home is valued 34.8% more than the midpoint (median) home, and is valued 12.8% more per square foot.
Foreclosures will be a factor impacting home values in the next several years. In 94903, the number of foreclosures waiting to be sold is 17% less
- 710 Golden Gate Park4 beds, 2.5 baths
1,963 sqft, 3,876 sqft lot, built in 2003
- 2610 Oharte Rd3 beds, 1 baths
1,036 sqft, 6,011 sqft lot, built in 1952
- 2003 Murphy Dr3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,671 sqft, 4,356 sqft lot, built in 1996
- 2488 Brian Rd3 beds, 1 baths
1,037 sqft, 7,085 sqft lot, built in 1952
- 2122 Broadmore Ave3 beds, 2 baths
1,204 sqft, 7,701 sqft lot, built in 1965
- 2268 Cypress Ave4 beds, 2 baths
1,441 sqft, 6,534 sqft lot, built in 1967
- 2324 Meadowlark St3 beds, 2 baths
1,204 sqft, 6,011 sqft lot, built in 1966
- 424 Dohrmann Ln3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,572 sqft, 4,500 sqft lot, built in 1991
- 16401 San Pablo Ave SPC 2562 beds, 2 baths
1,485 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 805 Wilde Ct3 beds, 2 baths
1,804 sqft, 9,620 sqft lot, built in 1964
- 16401 San Pablo Ave SPC 3512 beds, 1 baths
780 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1970
- 16401 San Pablo Ave SPC 2402 beds, 2 baths
1,344 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2002
- 62 Cypress Ct3 beds, 2 baths
1,204 sqft, 7,405 sqft lot, built in 1967
- 2442 Shamrock Dr3 beds, 2 baths
1,624 sqft, 11,900 sqft lot, built in 1962
- 969 Marlesta Rd3 beds, 2 baths
1,188 sqft, 6,298 sqft lot, built in 1961
Rentals
-
- 679 Santa Maria Rd2 beds, 1 baths
948 sqft, 7,405 sqft lot, built in 1946
- 3086 Shane Dr3 beds, 2 baths
1,132 sqft, 6,300 sqft lot, built in 1955
- 2415 Branchwood Ct2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,319 sqft, 656 sqft lot, built in 1985
- 5412 Stony Ct3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,602 sqft, 4,007 sqft lot, built in 2005
- 3030 Shane Dr3 beds, 2 baths
1,321 sqft, 6,160 sqft lot, built in 1959
- 4927 Appain Way 4927 Appian WayStudio, -- baths
---514.3 mi
- Miller Creek Middle (assigned)6-814.4 mi
- San Rafael High (assigned)9-1212.64 S 11th Ave, Beech Grove, IN 46107
3 beds2 baths 1908
- Views: 278 all time views
- Cooling: Central
- Heating: Forced air
- Last sold: Jun 2009
Construction
- Roof type: Asphalt
- Room count: 6
- Stories: 2
- Unit count: 2
Other
- Floor size: 2,502 sqft
- Last remodel year: 1958
- Lot depth: 140
- Lot width: 40
- Parcel #: 491028101124000502
- Zillow Home ID: 117-110K.
Mortgages
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts 46107 home values will rise 2.7% next year, compared to a 2.5% rise for Beech Grove as a whole. Among 46107 homes, this home is valued 29.8% more than the midpoint (median) home, but is valued 38.9% less per square foot..… More Less
For Sale
- 130 S 10th Ave2 beds, 1 baths
1,720 sqft, 5,619 sqft lot, built in 1920
- 924 Main St2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,914 sqft, 3,049 sqft lot, built in 1949
- 134 S 10th Ave3 beds, 2 baths
2,055 sqft, 5,619 sqft lot, built in 1930
- 90 S 9th Ave3 beds, 1 baths
1,040 sqft, 5,600 sqft lot, built in 1947
- 146 S 13th Ave3 beds, 1 baths
4,802 sqft, 19,602 sqft lot, built in 1915
- 138 S 9th Ave2 beds, 1 baths
2,112 sqft, 244,763,648 sqft lot, built in 1928
- 91 S 9th Ave4 beds, 1.5 baths
1,636 sqft, 6,251 sqft lot, built in 1913
- 74 N 13th Ave3 beds, 2 baths
2,268 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1925
- 90 N 9th AveStudio, -- baths
1,500 sqft, 286,537,664 sqft lot, built in 1930
- 215 S 10th Ave3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,936 sqft, 8,712 sqft lot, built in 1915
- 222 S 9th Ave3 beds, 1 baths
1,263 sqft, 8,233 sqft lot, built in 1942
- 1105 Byland Dr3 beds, 1.5 baths
2,184 sqft, 39,073 sqft lot, built in 1958
- 67 N 8th Ave2 beds, 1 baths
1,440 sqft, 5,314 sqft lot, built in 1948
- 1502 Main St3 beds, 2 baths
2,238 sqft, 10,890 sqft lot, built in 1952
- 188 N 13th Ave2 beds, 1 baths
2,284 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1928
Rentals
- 76 N 15th Ave1 beds, 1 baths
770 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1925
- 52 N 5th Ave1 beds, 1 baths
900 sqft, 5,320 sqft lot, built in 1915
- 3712 Owster Ln3 beds, 2 baths
1,864 sqft, 12,196 sqft lot, built in 1998
- 94 N 2nd Ave1 beds, 1 baths
435 sqft, 3,485 sqft lot, built in 1958
- 147 Diplomat Ct # 14942282 beds, 1.5 baths
940 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 147 Diplomat Ct # 14942303 beds, 2 baths
1,230 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 147 Diplomat Ct # 14942271 beds, 1 baths
830 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- --
- 2934 Merts Dr3 beds, 1 baths
1,200 sqft, 339,637,312 sqft lot, built in 1972
- 2918 E Sumner Ave2 beds, 1 baths
912 sqft, 22,041 sqft lot, built in 1942
- 3118 Brickenwood Way2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,160 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1986
- 3110 Brickenwood Way2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,160 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1986
- 2908 Percheron Ln4 beds, 2 baths
1,680 sqft, 1,207 sqft lot, built in 2003.8 mi
- Beech Grove Middle (assigned)7-80.3 mi
- Beech Gro.- 
- 7 bedrooms
- 5 bathrooms
- Sleeps 16
Bedrooms: 7
Bathrooms: 5
Sleeps: 16
Type: HouseHuge 7 Bedroom Vacation House in TerraVerde Resort
Description from the owner
Welcome to our spacious and gracious 7 bedroom Orlando vacation home, located in the perfect spot on the exclusive Terra Verde Resort. Less than 5 miles from Disney in Kissimmee, Florida, and with 7 bedrooms and 4.5 bathrooms, this fully air-conditioned, elegant and spacious home away from home is perfect for large family groups, sleeping up to 14 guests. We have a spacious family room to relax in during the day or evening, with sumptuous sofas, soft furnishings and lamps, a 50-inch plasma flat panel TV and DVD/VHS player - so you can watch your favorite movies while on vacation (there are plenty of video stores nearby). If you want peace and...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
Eccmaster
Eccmaster
- Response rate 30%
- Response time Within a day
- Calendar updated today
- Overall rating4.6 / 5.0 based on 5 reviews and 2 properties
Map
Huge 7 Bedroom Vacation House in TerraVerde ResortThis post, as the heading suggests, is the second part of a series and it picks up some of the more technical aspects of Shut Up and Write (SU&W), as well as things we’ve learned along the way.
In part 1, I said that research writing is not the same as creative writing. In fact, Shut Up and Write is something of a misnomer, because it implies that that’s all that can be done at a SU&W meeting, but Shut Up and Do Anything You Need to Do to Further Your Research is a real mouthful and SU&DAYNDFYR just doesn’t work as an acronym. :-) As well as actually writing content for a thesis/dissertation, journal article or book (chapter), tasks that lend themselves to the SU&W format include:
- reading and making notes
- entering research data into a database
- coding research data for analysis
- finding references
- editing your writing
- tidying your office so you can locate a missing article or book (this only works for on-line meetings, of course)
All of these are tasks that for one reason or another people find difficult to settle down to do, and doing them with people who will hold you accountable and provide you with company and light relief every 25 minutes can make them more bearable for a longer period of time. SU&Wers have also found that participating even once a week helps to motivate them to ‘write’ every day.
As far as the more technical/mechanical aspects of hosting are concerned, we have found that:
- On-line SU&W works best if there are 3-5 people involved, although I do it with just two of us as well. If there are more than 5 people in an Adobe Connect room the breaks take too long or some people don’t get to speak, whereas if you have a larger group face to face, you can break into smaller groups.
- Adobe Connect is great because you can both see and hear other participants, which makes people who are geographically isolated feel more connected, but real-time video hogs bandwidth and I regularly do groups where we pause videos or individual participants pause video from their end because they have slow connections, and where some people participate by typing because they don’t have a microphone or are in a place where talking doesn’t work for them (eg a shared office). I once facilitated a group from a computer that didn’t have a microphone (or camera) and I would not willingly repeat the experience. Skype audio conferences would also work, as would Skype video, of course, but that costs money for groups.
- It is good to get up and move around during the breaks. Walking on the spot in front of the computer is fine. One of the participants in a research writing boot camp introduced us to using hand weights and exercise balls as a way of adding variety, while andisal says:
Back to it after being #csudocfest Mini tramp the best 5 minute pomodoro break activity! pic.twitter.com/o8A1qjjbAs
— andisal (@andisal10) June 25, 2014
- If you plan to work for more than three ‘pomodoros’, you need a longer break at some stage. If I am doing a set of four, I tend to put a 10 minute break in after the second. During the CSU Research Writing Bootcamps run by Cassily Charles and Lisa McLean, we discovered that for a whole afternoon or whole day of writing, especially in summer, a 15 minute break every third pomodoro helped refresh people and enabled them to keep doing useful work longer.
- Regular SU&Wers develop a sense of camaraderie, even though they haven’t met face to face – it was wonderful to meet people IRL at CSU DocFest who had previously only been faces on a screen and voices through speakers. Everyone was really excited about this.
- It doesn’t matter that people in the group are working in entirely different fields. You can still get benefit from the support of others, and also learn from each other. The Tuesday night group has someone researching teaching children to swim, someone looking at an information technology project and someone researching a television producer, as well as me, working on the Gospel of Thomas. It’s fun learning a bit about different things and we still know things about the general research enterprise which apply across all fields. On Friday afternoon and Saturday evening, a Doctor of Business Administration student joins us from Switzerland and the other day he was able to reassure me that I was reading the right nuance from some German articles that I had been reading.
- Face to face SU&W can work for research writing. There is a very active group on the Wagga campus every Friday and Inger Mewburn also uses face to face SU&W. It just didn’t work well for our Albury cohort.
- You can do “mixed mode” SU&W – some people together in the one place and others attending via internet. If you have more than one or two on-liners, though, it is important to have an on-line host as well as a host in the room or the on-liners tend to get missed out. It is very difficult to keep track of both the computer screen and conversation in the room around you.
Shut Up & Write doesn’t work for everyone, and doesn’t work for every stage of research writing, but it’s certainly worth giving it a go!!
The material in this post and the previous one are based on an invited presentation that I did at CSU’s inaugural DocFest held at Wagga Campus of CSU 23-25 June 2014. It was conceptualised and organised by Cassily Charles, the Academic Writing Coordinator, HDR students and Lisa McLean, Research and Graduate Studies Officer, School of Education. People were able to participate either at Wagga campus, or on line through Adobe Connect and to hear from a wide range of people about a wide range of issues related to research writing and the enterprise of being a Higher Degree Research student. It was a fantastic experience.
2 thoughts on “Writing in company, with discipline (2)”
Hi Judy, when I first heard of SU&W I was horrified because I always work better when thinking aloud. So I’m trying to get a group together that I’m going to call “Write Out Loud.” Similar principle, but involves forming pairs and paying attention to each other in turn. Sure, you’re only going to get half as much time concentrating on your own work – but I find that on the occasions I do organise a time swap I get heaps more done that I ever do on my own.
PS. Come read my blog at
Catherine, you could think out loud in company as long as you don’t need an audience. During the writing process we often mute microphones so that the loud typists don’t distract those who need silence. :-)The Ottawa-Carlton District School Board English 4U Student Handbook says, “Inner conflict refers to emotional or analytical struggles a character has due to his values, his role in society, or the company he finds himself with. For example, Willy Loman cannot emotionally ignore his failure as a breadwinner, failure as a faithful husband, and his failure to bring up decent sons.”
Redchurch says, “The best advice I've read says that where you can, try to link the inner conflict with the external and interpersonal conflicts.” He also says, “Someone being forced to compromise their values of honesty is an inner conflict. But, it is externalized if they are forced to confront a corrupt police force, for example. Their inner conflict is smacking right up against something going on in the world. If it's just their inner conflict by itself, it's not as powerful as when some external factor or force creates conflict based around the character's inner values.”
Mary Casanova says, “We all struggle. We carry around inner conflict in the private places of our hearts where we search for our identity; we struggle with ego, pride, and jealousy; we cry out for love and yearn to be heard; and we try to listen to the small, still voice of God. The heart is a place of darkness and light, often in conflict with itself. It is from the heart that conflict originates and resolution emerges, and in the heart that change and personal growth occur.”
Caro Clarke says, “Conflict is opposing desires, mismatches, uncertainty, deadlines, pressures, incompatible goals, uneasiness, tension. We are all caught up in some of these conflicts every day. And, so should your characters. A convincing story has many conflicts built into it, layered and connected. The first layer is inside your characters. Once you know what these are, you can use them to make the conflicts between the characters more convincing and interesting.
.
“A character's inner conflict can be between what he thinks he wants and what he really wants… Conflict must always be resolved, and every layer you create needs its closure. A satisfying and economical way of achieving this is to use one big knot to close two or more conflicts together in the same action or in a double whammy, where one leads ineluctably to the next.”
Finally, Michael Hauge says, “WHAT IS YOUR HERO'S DESIRE? What compelling goal does your hero HAVE to accomplish by the end of the movie, and why does he desperately want that? The answer to these questions will define your story concept, propel the plot forward, give the reader a specific outcome to root for and lead you deeper into the inner motivations of your character.
“WHAT TERRIFIES YOUR HERO? On the plot level, this question will force you to determine which obstacles the hero must face to achieve his objective -- what's at stake for him, what's he up against and which conflicts will give the story its necessary emotion? And on the level of character growth and theme, your hero's emotional fear will reveal his inner conflict: the wounds from his past, the identity he clings to, the risks he is desperate to avoid and the arc the story will lead him through as he finds his necessary emotional courage.”
Thanks everyone, for your comments, which basically said: “Just write already!” So, off I go.
Image courtesy of Magdalene Gluszek.
8 comments:
My computer went on the fritz yesterday and I couldn't comment. It was a brilliant piece of advise, clearing up the whole inner/external conflict and GMC, but I forgot it.
Just kidding.
I suggest you just write, go with what feels natural. My theory is to kick them when they're down. Always make it worse. I drive Melissa crazy with this. She pity's my people.
Thank Rene. Poor protagonists, eh? My luck I'll come back as one in my next life.
Internal conflict...external conflict? Hmmm? Profound?
Yann Martel wrote in his novel Life of Pi, "All living things contain a measure of madness that moves them in strange, inexplicable ways."
Conflict yes!!! Results yes!!!
I LOVE the sculpting piece pic you included with today's post. Beautiful. Now, back to writing and my deadline (argh!!) I enjoyed reading all the comments on conflict, btw...
You do good reseaerch, Nienke. :)
And I love the picture you posted. Incredible. I want it.
Oh my! Another blog that I will be compelled to visit!
Yikes!
Aloha from Pat
novelist rogue: well put! I loved Life of Pi.
holly: I have a link to the source of the sculpture at the bottom of the post. It's awesome isn't it?
thx heather! Check out the link to the sculpture, for all I know it may be for sale...
hi Pat! Welcome to The Writing Life, I'll pop over to check yours out!
To really simplify things, inner and outer conflict always affect each other. In most cases, I think the outer conflict CAUSES the inner conflict.
A man's daughter is kidnapped. What does he most fear? Losing her. What is his desire? To save her.
That said, try to avoid the gimmicky inner conflict like the hero has a fear of heights and where does he have to go to save his daughter? To the top of a mountain.
That kind of thing has been overdone, in my estimation, although I suppose any good writer could make it work.
And while Hauge is right about your hero having a goal, EVERY character needs one, even the most minor.
The grocery store clerk, for example, who may be in only one scene, has a goal also -- her feet hurt and she wants to go home. This inner goal will affect how she deals with your main character. And the goals of the other characters often conflict with the hero's goal.cheryl davis miller
A Feather On The Wind - Poem by cheryl davis miller
Just like a feather on the wind;
falling so softly to the ground.
With no control; at natures whim
a falling feather makes no sound.
There is no one to hear my cry,
if I should ever offer one.
To the wind's will, I must comply,
until this free-fall journey's done.
Just like a feather on the wind;
my form is drifting high and low.
And yet I know this too shall end,
when this harsh wind does cease to blow.
c.d.m.11/9/13
Comments about A Feather On The Wind by cheryl davis miller
There is no comment submitted by members..
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted:Cost of NYC's Dirty Oil
Tuesday, January 26, air pollution in the area.
- Residual Risks: The Unseen Costs of Using Dirty Oil in NYC Boilers (PDF)
- Interactive Map of Dirty Oil Buildings in NYC
This new IPI report shows that over 180 people die every year because of the dirty heating oil (No. 4 and 6 oil) and many more get sick from air pollution caused by the dirty oil. Check if your building is burning dirty oil at and if it is, use the sample letter on the webpage to write to your managing agent and building owner urging them to much cleaner and cheaper natural gas or much cleaner (but more expensive) No. 2 heating oil. If you can get several residents/tenants to write together, that's even better.
Mayor Bloomberg has the power to phase out the dirty oil and this is why the Environmental Defense Fund, the Natural Resources Defense Council, the American Lung Association, WEACT and UPROSE have been urging the Mayor's Office to phase out the dirty oil by 2020. Anything more than 10 years is too long because our health deserves a phase out as soon as possible.
Thanks for the interesting and important segment. Please let us know if/how the issue evolves, because this is just the type of quality of life issue which affects all of us, but which we don't really think about. Agreed that Gennaro should extend ban to all building incinerators. (I didn't know that they were still allowed!)
One really obvious solution is to use bioheat instead of #2 heating oil.
Bioheat is a 20% biodiesel-heating oil blend delivered by several companies in the city. The fuel comes with a 20-cent-per-gallon cash rebate from New York State and is often CHEAPER than conventional heating oil.
Every gallon of biodiesel used reduces life cycle carbon emissions by 40-80% and particulate matter by 50% and sulfur dioxide by 100%. American lung association says biodiesel is 90% less toxic.
Why wait--lookup biodiesel nyc in google to make the change in your building today.
Building stock in NYC is THE primary emitter of greenhouse gases through the energy used as in combination with boiler heating.
Because of that reality, changes to cleaner burning heating fuels in boilers is one item that should be addressed along with retrofits and upgrades to more efficient boilers.
Finally, the call from "Joe" was a good one in that we can reduce our dirty pollution and greenhouse gases and increase our city's health, all while putting people to work and training workers to maintain a cleaner and more efficient heating supply. We need to recognize that maintenance is key to continued efficiency and conservation.
If Dean Bell is right (comment 1), Gennaro should include a ban on the rest of the building incinerators (i.e. extend the 1989 bill to non-apartment buildings). I didn't realize that schools or other buildings still had incinerators. These are, by definition, bad actors because you can't keep them at a uniform 1800 degrees plus with just the right amount of oxygen as people throw in a big chunk of wet or dry garbage, or paper/plastic vs. nonburnable stuff.
everyone should call quinn TODAY! IT it is her "department"
Legislative Office Phone
(212) 788-7210
Legislative Office Fax
(212) 788-7207
ps why can wnyc get a website that works correctly??
John from NYC
THE REAL BOTTOM LINE who pays for the health issues caused by soot in the air?
It's not just the type of oil, but the burners are not all tuned properly. I understand that DEP allows burners to "Puff" for up to 3 minutes upon startup. There's one near me that does this all the time - black smoke on a regular basis but just for maybe 10 seconds.
Legislation WILL accomplish what we need. I began the drive to get apartment building incinerators all shut down in 1983. I testified with info from Toronto about bad incinerators. I was there where Koch signed the bill in 1989. 2200 apartment building incinerators were shut down in 1993 thanks to this law. I'm glad Councilmember Gennaro is finally dealing with this. Excellent! (Take a look at the law passed in 1989!)
Bottom line - WHO's GOING TO PAY FOR THIS???
What is the cost differential between "clean" oil and the dirty oil?
Beth Israel hospital on 1st Ave / 17th St emits thick black smoke sometimes for 1/2 or more usually late night. It's really disgusting especially coming from a Hospital. I often wonder if that's what they do with amputated body parts!! Wouldn't surprise me if it is the way hospitals are run these days... kinda like slaughter houses.
Great that this is getting more attention, but there is another important, albeit smaller contributor to poisoned air:
Why is it so many drivers park, sit, stand, and often even leave their cars while their engines are still running? Car exhaust contributes to asthma, cancers, problems with cognition and cognitive development, and of course, warming.
Most justifications you hear about idling have been untrue for 25 years (e.g., it uses less gas than starting the engine).
Thousands of idiots all over town wasting their own (or their company's) gas and poisoning their own and others' air. But for some reason I rarely here the issue mentioned in discussions of air pollution.
ahhh, why we left
Forget about boilers, John Jay High School in Park Slope regularly incinerates garbage, spewing out a huge black cloud for more than a half hour at a time. I thought garbage incineration had been done away with?A British civilian contractor was among three foreigners shot dead by an Afghan soldier on Sunday.
David Chamberlain, from Westgate-on-Sea, Kent, was killed in the western city of Herat alongside two US colleagues when the soldier opened fire.
The three men were all civilians employed by the border management task force, which trains police recruits at the regional training centre on the outskirts of the city. Chamberlain, who was in his 40s and had two children, was believed to have been in Afghanistan since February last year.
A source told the Press Association: "Everyone involved is in a state of shock. All of us know the dangers but do not expect it to happen like that. There are rocket attacks and roadside bombs but one thing you never see coming are the people you are training."
The gunman was shot dead after he opened fire on a group sitting outside one of the buildings. Commanders initially believed an accomplice had escaped and ordered a lockdown of military bases in the area. An Afghan translator and another US trainer were injured, the latter severely.
A Foreign Office spokesman said: "We can confirm a British national working as a contracted civilian employee for Isaf (international security assistance force) in western Afghanistan was killed. The next of kin have been informed. We are providing consular assistance."
Herat, a bustling commercial centre near the border with Iran, is in one of Afghanistan's more peaceful regions. But the attack was the latest in a growing number of assaults by Afghan police and soldiers who have opened fire on the foreign forces who are training them.
On Monday, another Afghan National Army (ANA) soldier turned his weapon on Isaf forces in northern Afghanistan. Last year, 35 soldiers were killed in such attacks on Nato soldiers and employees, and there have been 30 deaths already this year.
The Afghans.Where to send your documents
Please send your filled-in documents either as hard copy by post mail or as scanned version as attachment by email to the relevant Regional Office and, in case submitted as email, please send a copy to the Smallholder Support Program in FSC International j.meier-doernberg at fsc point org.
Please subscribe proposals as email or hard copy (envelope, front side) under the title: Smallholder Fund
Check the list to find your regional officeMonday, 14 Oct 2013 06:58 AM
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — The Yemen-based branch of al-Qaida said Mondayaidaaida U.S. backing, last year drove al-Qaida and their hinterland in the south of the southern Yemen.
Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.Mel Gibson, friend of Jews? You might say no if you’ve ever heard or read anything from a tabloid or news outlet. But wasn’t it Mel who was behind one of the greatest films about The Greatest Jew who ever Lived (and still lives!) . I’m talking about the Passion of the Christ, the film that brought to light the most realistic picture of 1st century Israel and what life was like in a world that most of us can only imagine while we read through the Gospels.
Call it redemption or call it love, but Mel Gibson is continuing his venture to bring warmth and meaning to the Jewish culture through his next film project about Judah Maccabee, the Jewish hero who is the source of Hanukkah. (the film remains unnamed as of yet). As a believer in Yeshua (Jesus) I am so glad that Gibson is bringing to the silver screens something that is worthy of watching. In the midst of all the dumbing down of America through titles like “American Pie” and “40 Year Old Virgin” thank God, that there are directors out there who care about this country enough to show how we got here. Like it or not, America was founded on Hebrew roots, the constitution was based upon Biblical concepts and laws, and thank God for that fact or we could be drowning in the spiritual level of Amsterdam or France (nonexistent).
Although you may disagree that Mel Gibson should direct this movie, Judah Maccabee is a hero and most people have never heard of him nor have any interest, but many people also don’t know about the majority of the Old Testament, (the source of the story of Judah Maccabee comes from the books of Maccabees which is held as canonical by the catholic church but not the protestant church)
Question for you: Do you think Mel Gibson is a rascal trying to make amends to the Jewish people or a genuine good-hearted soul seeking to bring truth to the masses.
Story Source Deadline.comMark Strong is set to star opposite Nicole Kidman in Rowan Joffe's psychological thriller "Before I Go to Sleep" at Millennium Films/Nu Image.
Based on S.J. Watson's bestselling book, Kidman plays a north London woman who wakes up every morning with amensia.
Her husband tells her she suffered a trauma and she dare not leave home. One day she ignores this and sees a doctor (Strong) who gives her a small digital recorder and urges her to play back her thoughts day after day.
The process begins to reintegrate her mind, and in doing so she comes to realize that the man sleeping next to her isn't her husband.
Ridley Scott, Liza Marshall, Mark Gill and Matthew O'Toole are producing. Shooting kicks off early next year in London.Sandals Barbados - All Inclusive, Barbados (all)
- Free full breakfast and WiFi
Main amenities
- 280 guestrooms
- On the beach
- 11 restaurants and 4 bars/lounges
- Full-service spa
- Outdoor pool
- Free airport shuttle
- Fitness center
- Conference center
- Air conditioning
- Garden
- Meeting room
- Multilingual staff
What’s around
- On the beach
- St. Lawrence Bay (0.2 mi / 0.3 km)
- Dover Beach (0.3 mi / 0.5 km)
- Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary (0.5 mi / 0.7 km)
- Worthing Beach (0.8 mi / 1.3 km)
- Rockley Beach (1.2 mi / 2 km)
RETIREMENT HOME..... Only our second day here, HOWEVER, this is our 5th stay at sandals…
Very friendly staff, close to the beach, lovely breakfast, more than adequate options for…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $2,324
- One Bedroom Garden Suite
- Caribbean Village Premium Room
- Crystal Lagoon Swim up One Bedroom Butler Suite
- Caribbean Village Honeymoon Premium Room
- Ocean Village Beachfront Honeymoon Club Level Suite
- Ocean Village Beachfront One Bedroom Butler Suite
- Palm Garden Room
- One Bedroom Garden Balcony Suite
- Ocean Village Beachfront Club Level Suite
- Caribbean Village Grand Luxe Room
- Crystal Lagoon One Bedroom Butler Suite
- Ocean Village Penthouse Beachfront Club Level Suite with Tranquility Soaking Tub
- Ocean Village Beachfront Club Level Suite with Tranquility Soaking Tub
- Crystal Lagoon Club Level Luxury Suite
- Crystal Lagoon One Bedroom Butler Suite
- Crystal Lagoon Swim up Club Level Luxury Room
- Crystal Lagoon Luxury Room
- Caribbean Village Deluxe Room
- Ocean Junior Suite
Recommended hotels
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 280 rooms
- This hotel is arranged over 4 floors
Required at check in
- Credit card or cash deposit required
- Government-issued photo ID required
Internet
- Free WiFi in public areas
- Free WiFi in rooms
Nearby One Star Barbados (all) hotels
In the hotel
- Free full breakfast
- 11 restaurants
- 4 bars/lounges
- Coffee shop/café
- Beach bar
- Swim-up bar
- Poolside bar
- Room service
- Outdoor pool
- Swim-up bar
- Fitness facilities
- Full-service spa
- Spa treatment room(s)
- Pool sun loungers
- Beach/pool umbrellas
- Billiards or pool table
- One meeting room
- Conference center
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Wedding services
- Number of buildings/towers - 6
- Elevator/lift
- Garden
In the room
- Air conditioning
- Ceiling fan
- Coffee/tea maker
- Iron/ironing board
- Hair dryer
- LED TV
- Cable TV channels
- IPod docking station
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- In-room safe
Top Barbados (all) hotels
Recently reviewed hotels in Barbados (all)
-
- Silver Point HotelFrom
$174
Nearby hotels
Special features
All inclusive
This resort is all-inclusive. Onsite food and beverages are included in the room price (some restrictions may apply).
Gratuities and taxes
Gratuities and taxes are included.
Activities and facilities/equipment
All onsite activities and use of facilities and equipment are included.
Water activities
- Kayaking
- Scuba-diving excursions
- Snorkeling
- Surfing/boogie boarding
- Windsurfing
Entertainment
- Onsite entertainment and activities
- Onsite live performances
- Theme parties
Other inclusions
- Roundtrip airport transfers
Spa
Red Lane.
DiningBombay - This restaurant specializes in Indian cuisine and serves breakfast and dinner. Open daily..
Sandals Barbados - All Inclusive, Barbados (all)’s small print
Policies
This hotel is exclusively for adult couples.
Mandatory fees
The charges below are included in the total price displayed:
- Resort fee
Resort fee inclusions:
- Breakfast
- Pool access
- Beach access
- Fitness center access
- Airport shuttle
- Internet access (may be limited)
- In-room bottled waterCatch Me if You Can
During the chapter Hunted, you will be on a train and the police will board it to question everyone.Hardware news tagged Nokia
Wednesday, October 16, 2013
Microsoft Unwraps Third Iteration of Windows Phone 8: New Displays and App Processors Finally Supported.
[2:30 pm]
Microsoft Brings Support for High-Def Screens, Multi-Core SoCs with Windows Phone GDR3
 causes angina?
The heart gets its blood supply from coronary arteries that branch off the aorta just as it leaves the heart. The coronaries failure of heart cells to function and symptoms of angina occur.
If the plaque ruptures, a clot forms that completely occludes the artery and prevents any blood to the section of the heart muscle that the artery supplies. This is called a heart attack or myocardial infarction and is a medical emergency. functional generating slow. The abnormal heart rhythm may be due to electrolyte or hormone abnormalities, medications, or toxic ingestions (for example cocaine overdose).
- Heart valves need to allow blood to flow within and out of the heart.
MedicineNet.com
Heart Health
Get the latest treatment options.Castro's pre-K plan is misguided, political
George Rodriguez, For the Express-News : September 28, 2012 : Updated: September 30, 2012 10:34pm
We all agree that a better educated public is important for San Antonio's future. Since education has been the proven vehicle out of poverty and disadvantage, achieving this result is the best way to show compassion for our most at-risk residents. Schools then become a key part the answer.
But what if schools are failing, and thus not helping the at-risk students? What then?
If you ask the average person how to achieve this goal, their answer is obvious: “Fix the schools!”
However, this is not what Mayor Julián Castro opines. His “solution” is yet a second Head Start program (HHS recently published the results of a comprehensive study of the program, Head Start Impact Study Executive Summary Final Report, finding that long-term benefits from the program are virtually non-existent). Even if by some miracle this program turned out to be effective, the graduates would then be fed directly into dysfunctional schools. This would be like trying to put a band-aid on a gaping chest wound.
So we must ask ourselves, why would our Harvard educated mayor propose such a program? The answers are obvious.
First, challenging the local school systems would be hard and would cost him political capital locally. It would likely alienate the teachers unions nationally, which is an important Democratic constituency, and he has national aspirations.
Second, any benefits would take years to become apparent. The pre-K program would take years to fully implement, and it would be years beyond that for its success or failure to become known. In the meantime, the mayor could present himself as someone taking action to improve the lot of our most at-risk residents. For a politician with national ambitions, this is a “no brainer.”
Real leaders make difficult decisions to benefit society, while politicians take positions designed to promote themselves. The mayor is disappointing us by not attacking a real problem, and he is harming those he claims to most want to help.
Third, we must ask about the role of the family and parents in encouraging scholarship and a work ethic. Perhaps we are moving toward a time when the government raises children because parents can't, won't, or don't know how.
The question of why so much of the political and business leaders of San Antonio have lined up behind this proposal is a topic for another day. However, it is apparent that the San Antonio establishment likes the idea of more and higher taxes for common citizen.
I sent a set of questions to the mayor on March 24, and requested the opportunity to provide input to the mayor's working group. I was told there was no proposal yet by Jeanne Russell, I never heard from them again, nor did I get access to his “group,” and to date have no idea what the details of the proposal are.
Local opinion writers will accuse those who oppose this tax of being “anti-everything,” but there are other ways to help at-risk children without creating a new tax or another bureaucracy. We can explore some real solutions with the mayor, if he cared to listen.
George Rodriguez is a founder of the South Texas Political Alliance.August 6, 2014 at 11:24 PM
WEST ORANGE, NJ - In a Newark courtroom Wednesday, the attorneys of Ali Muhammed Brown, Jeremy Villagran and Eric Williams entered "not guilty" pleas on behalf of their clients charged in the murder of Livingston teen Brendan Tevlin as his parents and family members watched.
The attorneys entered the not guilty pleas in front of Superior Superior Court Judge Ronald Wigler.
The Essex County Prosecutor's Office said Brown was determined to be the shooter after ballistics proved the 9mm handgun found in his possession when he was captured by West Orange Police on July 18 matched the 10 bullets shot into Tevlin's car when he was killed at the corner of Walker Road and Northfield Avenue in West Orange on June 25.
Ali Muhammad Brown, 29, of Seattle, was charged with murder, felony murder, robbery, conspiracy to commit robbery, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose and unlawful possession of a weapon.
Brown is also wanted in the murder of two Seattle youths. Washington still has a death penalty. New Jersey abolished the death penalty in 2007. It is unclear at this time whether Brown will be extradited to Washington or remain in New Jersey.
Also charged in connection with the Tevlin murder are Jeremy Villagran, 19, and Eric Williams,18, both of West Orange. The teens were charged with felony murder, robbery, conspiracy to commit robbery, possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose and unlawful possession of a weapon.
Details of the crime emerged during the Aug. 4 press conference at the Essex County Courthouse. Acting Essex County Prosecutor Carolyn Murray classified the crime as a robbery.
At the time, bail was set for Brown in the amount of $5 million, and for Villagran and Williams in the amount of $1 million. They all remain in custody at the Essex County Correctional Facility.
As to speculation that there may be a fourth suspect still at large, Essex County Prosecutor's Office spokesperson Katherine Carter told Tap into West Orange, "This is an ongoing investigation. Other charges may or may not be forthcoming against current defendants or others."
Tap into West Orange will continue to report new information as it becomes available.
(Editor's Note: This article was updated on August 7 at 3:00 pm.),310 Raised
Gateway Greening can purchase the lumber and soil to build 37 raised 4′x12′ garden beds (a $61.21 value each) for a community garden in the St. Louis area.
To celebrate the launch of Groupon Grassroots, Groupon provided a $1,000 kickoff grant to this campaign.
.
See all active campaigns >
See all active campaigns >Howie Mandel has been a judge on “America’s Got Talent” for so long that it’s easy to forget he’s got some talent of his own. The former “St. Elsewhere” star will show off his stand-up chops Sept. 28 for a Twin Cities benefit. He’s also front and center in Wednesday’s season finale of “America’s Got Talent.” Mandel, 57, spoke by phone from his Los Angeles office about his relationship with Howard Stern, his dramatic ambitions and if he’ll ever put another latex glove over his head:
Q: How would you compare the chemistry between the new set of judges — Heidi Klum and Melanie Brown were added — this year on “America’s Got Talent”?
A: I’ve been there four years now. There was great chemistry back then, and it’s been more of the same this year. We come from four different schools of thought, but we’re four strong-willed, passionate people who can respectfully disagree.
Q: Why do you think people are so fascinated by your relationship with Howard Stern?
A: I love Howard. I think we’re good friends who love a good argument. We have different tastes, and we’re more than happy to air our laundry in front of the world. Not only is that better TV, but that’s who we are.
Q: So much of your act appears improvised. Is it?
A: I look for things to go wrong. I look to go off script. If somebody yells something out or there’s a technical glitch, I make it part of the show.
Q: That would seem to take a lot of confidence.
A: I don’t know if confidence is the right word. I take comfort in discomfort. It’s like a roller-coaster ride. You’re looking for the one that brings you closer to death. I don’t want a nice, easy ride with the breeze blowing in my hair. That would be really boring. Fear is a great tool for me.
Q: “St. Elsewhere” featured a number of future stars including Denzel Washington, Mark Harmon and you. So why isn’t there a decent DVD collection?
A: I’ve got nothing to do with that. We recently had a reunion shoot for Entertainment Weekly, and it was great seeing everyone again. I’m not sure a DVD set is the next step. DVDs have kind of fallen by the wayside. I just pulled my eight-track player out of my car.
Q: That show gave you the chance to show off some dramatic chops. Any interest in exploring those again?
A: I would in a heartbeat, but I’m going to follow this path rather than blaze a trail. The one thing I’ll always do is stand-up. It’s my primal scream at the end of the day. There are no lines to recite, no commercials to throw to. It’s loose and it’s free. I don’t edit myself, so don’t bring the kids to my live shows.
Q: In addition to being on the air, you’ve become a fairly successful producer. Was that always the plan?
A: My background is actually in retail and business. I started off selling carpet — and I’m color blind. The applause back then was a signature on the contract. Collaborating with 200 people and watching your funny idea come to life is fascinating to me. It’s actually the exact opposite of stand-up. I like working both ends of the spectrum. It keeps everything fresh.
Q: You got a lot of attention early in your career for putting a latex glove over your head and blowing it up. Any chance you’ll do that bit when you’re in Minneapolis?
A: I haven’t done it in years. But I would. I’m not sure that’s a brilliant piece of comedy. As a long-standing member of the germaphobe community, I had a glove in my pocket and during an awkward moment of silence, I pulled it over my head and acted like a 2-year-old. It became a signature bit. Life is just moment to moment, and I’ve been lucky enough to have these weird, wonderful things.Practice Management & Allied Staff News & Materials
2013 Office of Inspector General Work Plan
December 12th, 2012.
Every fall, the OIG releases its work plan for the following fiscal year. Below are direct excerpts from the 2013-Payments for Canceled Surgical Procedures (New)
The OIG will determine costs incurred by Medicare related to inpatient hospital claims for canceled surgical procedures. Our preliminary analysis of Medicare claims data for inpatient stays demonstrated significant occurrences of an initial PPS payment to hospitals for a canceled surgical procedure followed by a second, higher PPS payment to the same hospitals for the rescheduled surgical procedure. For these claims, the canceled surgical procedure was the principal reason for the initial hospital admission.
For these short-stay claims, few, if any, inpatient services (i.e., laboratory or diagnostic tests) were provided by the hospitals because the surgical procedure was canceled. Medicare makes two payments to hospitals that generate two bills unless the patient is readmitted to the hospital on the same day, in which case a single payment is made. Our analysis also identified inpatient claims with canceled surgical procedures for stays of less than 2 days that were not followed by subsequent inpatient admissions to the same hospitals for the rescheduled surgical procedures. Current Medicare policy does not preclude payment for these claims. (OAS; W-00-13-35626; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2013; new start)
Hospital Outpatient Dental Claims
The OIG will review Medicare hospital outpatient payments for dental services to determine whether such payments). As indicated by current OIG audits, providers received Medicare reimbursement for noncovered dental services, which resulted in significant overpayments. (OAS; W-00-13-35603; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2013; new start)
Hospitals-Outpatient Observation Services During Outpatient Visits
The OIG will describe the use of observation services from 2008 to 2011 and the characteristics of beneficiaries receiving observation services in 2011. We will also determine how much Medicare and beneficiaries paid for observation and related services in 2011 and the extent to which hospitals inform beneficiaries about observation services. Part B coverage of hospital outpatient services and reimbursement for such services under the hospital outpatient PPS are provided by the Social Security Act, §§ 1832(a) and 1833(t).) Observation services are short-term treatments and assessments that hospitals use to determine whether a beneficiary should be admitted as an inpatient or discharged. (CMS’s Medicare Claims Processing Manual, Pub. 100-04, ch. 4, § 290.) Improper use of observation services may subject beneficiaries to high cost sharing. (OEI; 02-12-00040; expected issue date: FY 2013; work in progress)
Ambulatory Surgical Centers-Payment System
The OIG will review the appropriateness of Medicare’s methodology for setting ambulatory surgical center (ASC) payment rates under the revised payment system. In addition, we will determine whether a payment disparity exists between the ASC and hospital outpatient department payment rates for similar surgical procedures provided in both settings. Federal law required the Secretary to implement a revised payment system for payment of surgical services furnished in ASCs beginning January 1, 2008. (Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA), § 626.) (See also 42 CFR § 416.171). (OAS; W-00-10-35423; W-00-11-35423; W-00-12-35423; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2013; work in progress)
Ambulatory Surgical Centers and Hospital Outpatient Departments-Safety and Quality of Surgery and Procedures
The OIG will review the safety and quality of care for Medicare beneficiaries having surgeries and procedures in ASCs and hospital outpatient departments (HOPD). We will assess care in preparation for and provided during surgeries and procedures in both settings. We will identify adverse events in both settings. CMS and stakeholders have expressed interest in the comparative safety and quality of care provided by ASCs and HOPDs. When Medicare beneficiaries require certain surgeries or procedures that do not require hospitalization, physicians generally have the option of performing such surgeries or procedures in an ASC; an HOPD; or other health care setting, such as a physician’s office. Site determinations are typically made on the basis of the type of surgery or procedure, as well as the patient’s health status and co morbidities. Surgeries and procedures performed in ASCs have risen substantially over the past decade. (OEI; 00-00-00000; expected issue date: FY 2014; new start)
Part B Imaging Services-Payments for Practice Expenses
The)
Physicians: Error Rate for Incident-To Services Performed by Non-physicians
The O: Place-of-Service Errors
The OIG will review physicians’ coding on Medicare Part B claims for services performed in ambulatory surgical centers and hospital outpatient departments to determine whether they properly coded the places of service. Federal regulations provide for different levels of payments to physicians depending on where services are performed. (42 CFR § 414.32.) Medicare pays a physician a higher amount when a service is performed in a non-facility setting, such as a physician’s office, than it does when the service is performed in a hospital outpatient department or, with certain exceptions, in an ambulatory surgical center. (OAS; W-00-10-35113; W-00-11-35113; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2012; work in progress)
Evaluation and Management Services-Potentially Inappropriate Payments in 2010
The OIG will determine the extent to which CMS made potentially inappropriate payments for E/M services in 2010 and the consistency of E/M medical review determinations. We will also review multiple E/M services for the same providers and beneficiaries to identify electronic health records (EHR) documentation practices associated with potentially improper payments. Medicare contractors have noted an increased frequency of medical records with identical documentation across services. Medicare requires providers to select the code for the service on the basis of the content of the service and have documentation to support the level of service reported. (CMS’s Medicare Claims Processing Manual, Pub. No. 100-04, ch. 12, § 30.6.1.) (OEI; 04-10-00181; 04-10-00182; expected issue date: FY 2013; work in progress)
Evaluation and Management Services-Use of Modifiers During the Global Surgery Period-13-35607; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2013; new start)
Claims Processing Errors-Medicare Payments for Part B Claims With G Modifiers (New)
The OIG will determine the extent to which Medicare improperly paid claims from 2002 to 2011 in which providers entered GA, GX, GY, or GZ service code modifiers, indicating that Medicare denial was expected. Providers may use GA or GZ modifiers on claims they expect Medicare to deny as not reasonable and necessary pursuant to 2013; work in progress)
National Provider Identifier Enumeration and Medicare Provider Enrollment Data
The OIG will review the extent to which national provider identifier (NPI) enumeration data and Medicare Provider Enrollment, Chain, and Ownership System (PECOS) data are complete, consistent, and accurate and assess CMS’s supporting processes. Federal law requires the Secretary of HHS to establish a standard unique identifier for each health care provider, health care organization, and health plan for use in the health care system. (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA). The Secretary established the NPI to address this requirement. Separately, Federal regulations require providers to enroll to receive payment from Medicare. (42 CFR § 424.505.) PECOS is the system CMS uses to complete the enrollments online. (OEI; 07-09-00440; expected issue date: FY 2013; work in progress)
Dental Services for Children-Inappropriate Billing (New)
The OIG will review Medicaid payments by States for dental services to determine whether States have properly claimed Federal reimbursement.. Prior work indicates that some dental providers may be inappropriately billing for services. (OAS; W-00-10-31135; W-00-11-31135; W-00-12-31135; various reviews; expected issue date: FY 2013; work in progress)
Dental Services for Children-Billing Patterns in Five States (New)
The O. (OEI; 02-12-00330; expected issue date: FY 2014; work in progress)
States’ Readiness to Comply With Exchange and Medicaid Eligibility and Enrollment Requirements
The OIG will review States’ progress in complying with new eligibility and enrollment requirements for the Exchanges, Medicaid, CHIP, and health subsidy programs. We will also identify what steps States have already taken to meet these requirements, what additional steps States plan to take, and challenges or barriers that States report regarding the implementation of eligibility and enrollment systems. We will also determine the extent to which CMS has provided guidance and technical assistance to States to meet the streamlined eligibility and enrollment requirements. (OEI; 07-10-00530; expected issue date:
FY 2013; work in progress; Affordable Care Act)
Medicare-Incentive Payments for Electronic Health Records
The OIG will review Medicare incentive payments to eligible health care professionals and hospitals for adopting electronic health records (EHR) and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) safeguards to prevent erroneous incentive payments. An EHR is an electronic record of health-related information for an individual that is generated by health care providers. It may include a patient’s health history, along with other items. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Recovery Act) authorized Medicare incentive payments over a 5-year period to physicians and hospitals that demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology. (§§ 4101 and 4102.) Incentive payments were scheduled to begin in 2011 and continue through 2016, with payment reductions to health care professionals who fail to become meaningful users of EHRs beginning in 2015. (§ 4101(b).) According to Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates, CMS’s net spending for incentives will total about $20 billion. actions taken to remedy erroneous incentive payments. (OEI; 05-11-00250; expected issue date: fiscal year (FY) 2013; work in progress; OAS; W-00-13-31352; expected issue date: FY 2013; new start; Recovery Act)Despite London Fashion Week being famed for the most original and cutting-edge designers, there was a noticeable alignment of trends and ideas across some of the biggest names this week.
This made the job of spotting the trends fairly easy. It’s the wearing of them that may prove a little more challenging. Although the creativity was dazzling, I’m not yet convinced about how translatable some of the trends will be. Fans of minimalism, beware! There’s no avoiding the definite shift towards a ‘more is more’ look.
So here goes. The top 5 trends spotted so far…
1. Matchy matchy layering
All the big labels – Burberry, Temperley, Peter Pilotto, Giles – featured outfits with multiple, matching layers. The most common version of this trend was a matching scarf/coat combo, as seen at Burberry and, no doubt, this will be copied by the high street.
However, the matchy matchy-ness also appeared in other guises. Peter Pilotto’s use of matching mountain vistas across skirts, tops and coats was particularly lovely and, rather than feeling repetitive, gave the impression of a beautiful multi-layered painting. Similarly, Temperley showcased some lovely dress/scarf twinning.
2. Geometry
Geometry, expressed through print, shapes and interesting textures, was present all over the catwalk this week. Perhaps the most original use of it was at Christopher Kane, where intricate origami-style folds featured on dresses to stunning effect.
Roksanda Ilincic and Jonathan Saunders also championed the geometric trend, integrating the concept into both print and cut. The nuance this season is that geometric shapes are appearing within the context of an overall softer, folkier look (more on this later) rather than the bold, monochrome style that has been around for the last few seasons (remember those black, white and yellow Louis Vuitton diamond shapes? We’ve moved on from those).
MORE: The highlights from day four of London Fashion Week
3. Royal blue and oxblood red
These days, if Cara’s wearing it, it’s on trend. So her choice of a royal blue custom-Mulberry suit to launch her new bag is pretty telling – this colour is where it’s at. Royal blue was also a major colour trend at New York Fashion Week and, in London, it’s also been all over the catwalk. Thankfully, it’s an almost universally flattering colour, so embrace it!
Slightly more challenging is the emergence of the unappealingly termed oxblood red, a brown-ish, earthy tone, that many designers seem particularly taken with. Even the youthful, fresh-faced models look at little jaundiced in this colour. Perhaps one for accessories only?
4. Multi-dimensional maximalism
You may despair at the name of this trend but maximalism alone isn’t enough to describe the direction many designers appear to be headed. Maximalism has truly landed and there’s a lot to it (as you’d expect).
If you’re Peter Pilotto, maximalism is about multiple textures, mega-bold prints and complex layering. If you’re Christopher Kane, it comes in the form of squeezing as many ideas as possible into one collection and doing all of them really, really well. If you’re Alice Temperley, it’s about doing your beautiful bohemian thing but ramping it up to another maximalist level.
In a way, it’s all a case of over-achieving designers packing in as many techniques, ideas and show-off pieces into the mix. Thankfully, the results are often beautiful and alluring, even to us minimalists.
MORE: London Fashion Week AW14: Sumptuous style scorns the storms
5. Folklore fantasy
When even the usually military-inspired Burberry unveils a collection full of dreamy prints and wafting, floaty fabrics, we know there’s change afoot. A trend seems to be emerging for earthy colours, textures (including some heavy wools that look like they may be a bit scratchy) and more fluid, draping shapes. It all feels decidedly folky, a bit historical and quite far removed from the more digitally driven prints and clean lines that have dominated the last few seasons.
Even Mary Katrantzou – famous for her digital prints – changed direction this season, using techniques such as crochet, heavy embroidery to create a strange regal/pagan mash up. How well this trend will translate to the high street is debatable. It relies on careful craftsmanship and detailing, plus expert pattern cutting to avoid feeling like fancy dress. I am predicting that we’ll be seeing quite a few initialed blankets at festivals this summer though.REGION: No relief yet for new cities' losses
The state Legislature's session ended last week without any action taken to restore millions of dollars taken from recently incorporated cities, including Wildomar and Menifee, as a result of the diversion of motor vehicle license fee revenue to law enforcement.
But an effort to restore at least some of that money lost to cities by the passage of Senate Bill 89 is starting to gain some steam, said a lobbyist representing the four new cities, all in Riverside County.
Not only did the new law undercut funding for those cities, it also makes it virtually impossible to form new cities such as East Los Angeles, which is in the middle of an incorporation drive. New cities had been entitled to a greater license fee share, a pillar of fiscal support for incorporation.
"I think it's fair to say the members of the Legislature understand the dire consequences of SB 89 if they are not reversed for the newly incorporated cities as well as East Los Angeles," said Jason Gonsalves of the Sacramento lobbying firm Gonsalves & Son.
The Legislature hastily passed SB 89 and sent it to the governor's desk shortly before a June 30 deadline. The aim of the bill was to restore about $120 million that had been lost to public safety programs through other legislative shifts.
The bill's passage prompted each of the new cities to hire Gonsalves & Son. The firm was instrumental in the mid-2000s in pushing for legislation that provided the incorporation incentive in the vehicle license fees after it had been removed in 2004.
As a result of SB 89, all cities lost shares of the motor vehicle license fees, while getting a lesser amount back for law enforcement, and that may not have been the perceived intent when the bill was approved, Gonsalves said.
"Some members we talked to thought they were providing public safety funding to their local communities," he said. "I don't think they realized they were taking away money. You took a dollar out of your right pocket to put 30 cents in your left pocket."
Most cities can absorb the fiscal impact because it is a small slice of their budget. Lake Elsinore, for instance, loses $182,000 while getting back $100,000 for law enforcement; and Murrieta loses $355,205, with a $159,335 return.
Cities that annexed land recently also received extra support from the fees and therefore were hit harder by the bill. Temecula, which recently annexed land, will lose $780,808 while receiving $164,896.
Those impacts, however, are relatively slight for those cities, compared with the state's four newest ones. Wildomar, which is entering its fourth year as a city, loses $1.8 million, which represents 22 percent of its general fund budget. Menifee, in its third year of cityhood, faces a $3.9 million loss, representing about 16 percent of its general fund.
Eastvale, a community north of Norco that became a city in October, stands to lose $3.1 million, or 26 percent of its revenue. Jurupa Valley, a conglomeration of Riverside suburbs, entered its first year as a city July 1 without the luxury of $6.2 million in revenue it had expected.
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Can't find what you're looking for? Shop all ink and toner cartridges by brand
New Customer ? Start Here.
New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Item: IM1QZ9377 Model: RN31221D-100NAS
NETGEAR ReadyNAS® 312 Desktop drive of 2 TB capacity is more efficient with 2 bays featuring a dual core processor and innovative technologies. Drive with a configuration of 2 x 1 TB secures the data with anti-virus and native encryption.
Compare with similar items
This Synology network attached storage server expands your data storage capacity and makes sharing stored files simple. The ...
Product Details SKU Description not available Would you like to give on product content, images, or tell us about a lower price?
6TB. Serial ATA. Data transfer rate: 5 Gbps (USB 3.0), 480 Mbps (USB 2.0). Dimensions: 6.6"(H) x 6.7"(W) x 9.1"(D). ...
The LaCie CloudBox storage server enables you to share files between 10 users, making it an ideal choice for small businesses and ...
NETGEAR Desktop drive is available in a 2, 4 or 6 bay configuration with a maximum capacity of 4 TB hard drive per bay. Desktop ...
Download the Staples® app
For iPad, iPhone and Android.
This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See International Sites. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2014, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.Article Preview
Longtime Duluth burglar, drug dealer arrested for alleged burglary
Published 05/02/2012, Duluth News Tribune
A longtime Duluth burglar and drug dealer on supervised release for a federal drug conviction was arrested Monday evening after he allegedly burglarized a Duluth home.Word count: 214
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.May 7, 2014
Adam Gorney
Rivals.com Football Recruiting
Calvin Throckmorton had an incredible week where he landed three major offers and a few came as a complete surprise to the Bellevue (Wash.) Newport offensive tackle. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inNicholas Sparks
From Wikiquote
Nicholas Charles Sparks (born December 31, 1965) is an American novelist, screenwriter and producer.
Contents
- 1 Quotes
- 1.1 1990s
- 1.2 2000s
- 1.2.1 The Rescue (2000)
- 1.2.2 A Bend in the Road (2001)
- 1.2.3 Nights in Rodanthe (2002)
- 1.2.4 The Guardian (2003)
- 1.2.5 The Wedding (2003)
- 1.2.6 Three Weeks with My Brother (2004)
- 1.2.7 True Believer (2005)
- 1.2.8 At First Sight (2005)
- 1.2.9 Dear John (2006)
- 1.2.10 The Choice (2007)
- 1.2.11 The Lucky One (2008)
- 1.2.12 The Last Song (2009)
- 1.3 2009
- 2 External links
Quotes[edit]
1990s[edit]
The Notebook (1996)[edit]
-.
- Duke, Miracles, p. 2
- "I know we've had our differences, Allie, and that we haven't seen eye to eye on everything. I'm not perfect, but I did the best I could with raising you. I'm your mother and I always will be. That means I'll always love you."
Allie was silent for a moment, then: "What should I do?"
"I don't know, Allie. That's up to you. But I would think about it. Think about what you really want."
- Anne Nelson and Allie Nelson, An Unexpected Visitor, p. 137
- "I can't make this decision for you, Allie, this one's all yours. I want you to know, though, that I love you. And I always will. I know that doesn't help, but it's all I can do."
- Anne Nelson, An Unexpected Visitor, p. 138
- "Follow your heart,"
- Anne Nelson, An Unexpected Visitor, p. 139
- I lead a simple life now, I am foolish, an old man in love, a dreamer who dreams of nothing but reading to Allie and holding her whenever I can. I am a sinner with many faults and a man who believes in magic, but I am too old to change and too old to care.
- Duke, Winter for Two, p. 212
Message in a Bottle (1998)[edit]
- My Dearest Catherine,
I miss you, my darling, as I always do, but today is especially hard because the ocean has been singing to me, and the song is that of our life together.
- Garrett Blake, Chapter 1, p. 20
-."
- Deanna and Theresa Osbourne, Chapter 10, p. 196
- "Oh, Garrett, who do you think it was that brought the bottle to her?"
- Catherine Blake, Chapter 13, p. 316
A Walk to Remember (1999)[edit]
- "It was...the most difficult walk anyone ever had to make.
In every way, a walk to remember."
- Landon Carter, Chapter 13, p. 237
- "I can no more give Jamie away than I can give away my heart. But what I can do is let another share in the joy that she has always given me."
- Hegbert Sullivan, Chapter 13, p. 239
2000s[edit]
The Rescue (2000)[edit]
- Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.
- Chapter 1, p. 9
- "Even now, not a day goes by when I don't wish I could turn back the clock and change what happened."
- Denise Holton, Chapter 15, p. 166
- So many people these days, it seemed, believed that these things (personal fulfillment and self-esteem) could come only from work, not from parenting, and many people believed that having children had nothing to do with raising them.
- Taylor McAden, Chapter 18, p. 200
- Her mother had once told her that there were men who kept secrets bottled up inside and that it spelled trouble for the women who loved them.
- Denise Holton, Chapter 21, p. 231
- "Mitch...was the kind of man who added something to everything he touched and everyone he came in contact with. I was envious of his view on life. He saw it all as a big game, where the only way to win was to be good to other people, to be able to look at yourself in the mirror and like what you see."
- Taylor McAden, Chapter 25, p. 300
- "Why? Do you want to rescue me, too, Taylor? … That's what you're trying to do, isn't it? … I appreciate what you're trying to do, but it's not what I need right now. I need to handle this my own way."
- Melissa Johnson, Chapter 26, p. 308-309
- "Loving someone and having them love you back is the most precious thing in the world. It's what made it possible for me to go on..."
- Judy McAden, Chapter 26, p. 314
A Bend in the Road (2001)[edit]
- Where does a story truly start? In life, there are seldom clear-cut beginnings, those moments when we can, in looking back, say that everything started. Yet these are moments when fate intersects with our daily lives, setting in motion a sequence of events whose outcome we could never have foreseen
- Narrator, Prologue, p. 1
- There are ghosts and there is love,
And both are present here,
To those who listen, this tale will tell
The truth of love and if it's near.
- Miss Harkins, Chapter 13, p. 139
- "I don't want to be a grown-up. … Because grown-ups always say that things are complicated."
- Jonah Ryan, Chapter 37, p. 336
- "If it's over--if it's really over--then don't let it screw up the rest of your life."
- Charlie Curtis, Chapter 37, p. 339
Nights in Rodanthe (2002)[edit]
- "No," his father replied, "you ran for you. I just hope you're running toward something, not away from something."
- Paul Flanner's father, Chapter 3, p. 24
- "...The greater the love, the greater the tragedy when it's over. Those two elements always go together. … The best we can hope for in life is that it doesn't happen for a long, long time."
- Adrienne Willis, Chapter 14, p. 152
- "When I sleep, I dream of you, and when I wake, I long to hold you in my arms. If anything, our time apart has only made me more certain that I want to spend my nights by your side, and my days with your heart."
- Paul Flanner, Chapter 16, p. 188
The Guardian (2003)[edit]
- "And don't worry. From wherever I am, I'll watch out for you. I'll be your guardian angel, sweetheart. You can count on me to keep you safe."
- Jim Barenson, Prologue, p. xv-xvi
- Nowadays, she thought, it was the little things in life that mattered. If the highlights in her past set the tone, it was the day-by-day events that now defined who she was.
- Julie Barenson, Chapter 1, p. 11
- "You know me better than anyone, and you're my best friend. I don't think there's anything you could say to me that would lead me to believe that you're doing it just to hurt me. If there's one thing I've come to know about you, it's that you're not even capable of something like that. Why do you think I like spending time with you so much? Because you're a good guy. A nice guy."
- Julie Barenson, Chapter 15, p. 163
- "My mom used to tell me that whatever you do, marry someone who loves you more than you love him."
- Emma Harris, Chapter 19, p. 202
-.
- Julie Barenson, Chapter 26, p. 270
- ...feeling her helplessness. There was nothing worse. Most people lived under the illusion that they were in control of their lives, but that wasn't completely true. Yeah, you could decide what to have for breakfast and what to wear and all those little things, but as soon as you stepped out into the world, you were pretty much at the mercy of everyone else around you, and all you could do was hope that if they were having a bad day, they wouldn't decide to take it out on you.
- Jennifer Romanello, Chapter 30, p. 323
The Wedding (2003)[edit]
- ...when two people live together, the stress flows both ways. This, I come to believe, is both the blessing and the curse of marriage. It's a blessing because there's an outlet for the everyday strains of life; it's a curse because the outlet is someone you care deeply about.
- Wilson Lewis, Prologue, p. 3
- "...she would fall in love with me again, just like she had a long time ago. And that's the most wonderful feeling in the world. How many people are ever given that chance? To have someone you love fall in love with you over and over?"
- Noah Calhoun, Chapter 1, p. 25
- He had not only known that I would be coming to see him, I realized, but had anticipated the reason for my visit. And in typical southern fashion, he'd given me the answer to my problem, without my ever having to ask him directly.
- Wilson Lewis, Chapter 1, p. 25
- I've come to believe that children live for the satisfaction of surprising their parents...
- Wilson Lewis, Chapter 2, p. 34
- ...there is the fact that having a child transforms the basic marriage relationship. No longer are you simply husband and wife, you are mother and father as well, and all spontaneity vanishes immediately.
- Wilson Lewis, Chapter 2, p. 35-36
- No, there's no experience quite like having children, and despite the challenges we once faced, I've considered myself blessed because of the family we created.
- Wilson Lewis, Chapter 2, p. 36
- But love, I've come to understand, is more than three words mumbled before bedtime. Love is sustained by action, a pattern of devotion in the things we do for each other every day.
- Wilson Lewis, Chapter 4, p. 63
- "Marriage is about compromise, it's about doing something for the other person, even when you don't want to."
- Jane Lewis, Chapter 8, p. 130
-.
- Wilson Lewis, Epilogue, p. 262-263
Three Weeks with My Brother (2004)[edit]
- It isn't easy living with an author. I know this because my wife has informed me of this fact.
- Nicholas Sparks, Prologue, p. 1
- I've come to understand that arguing with her about it has never solved anything. So instead of denying it, I've learned to take her hands, look her in the eyes, and respond with those three magic words that every woman wants to hear:
"You're right, sweetheart."
- Nicholas Sparks, Prologue, p. 1
- "Writing is easy. It's just the typing that's hard."
- Miles Sparks, Prologue, p. 3
- My wife, I might add, is a saint.
Either that, or maybe she is insane.
- Nicholas Sparks, Prologue, p. 4
- "Denial is an ugly thing, Nicky."
"I'm not in denial."
"See what I mean? That's denial."
- Micah and Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 5, p. 60
- "...the secret of a long lasting marriage is... ...communication. When we talk about issues and really open up to each other, things are great between us. When we keep things to ourselves, grudges and resentments build up and we end up arguing."
..."What good is talking if neither of you are really committed?...marriage comes down to actions.."
- Micah and Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 8, p. 113-114
- ...it was in her refusal to allow any of us to indulge in self-pity of any kind...through a maddening style of argument, in which the following three statements were repeated in various sequences:
A. It's your life + social commentary.
B. What you want and what you get are usually two entirely different things.
C. No one ever said that life was fair.
- Nicholas Sparks about his mother Jill Sparks, Chapter 8, p. 127
- "Relationships are the most important thing in life, and friends are part of that."
- Micah Sparks, Chapter 9, p. 132
- Standing next to Micah, I realized that there were times when we talked not because we needed to communicate anything important, but simply because we each drew comfort from the other's voice.
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 9, p. 138
- When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 11, p. 187
- "Dreams are funny like that. You want something so desperately, you somehow get it, then just as suddenly it's over. Like running races--all that training for a couple of minutes on the track. The secret, I've learned, is to appreciate the process."
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 12, p. 206
- "..?"
- Dana Sparks, Chapter 14, p. 247
- "Work, spirituality, family, friendships, health--you can't ignore any of them or it'll get you in the end."
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 15, p. 268
- My dad was a good man. A kind man... I...loved him for what he did. He'd foster independence, showed us the value of education, and taught us to be curious about the world. Even more important, he'd helped the three of us become close as siblings, which I consider to be the greatest gift of all. I could have asked for nothing more in a father. And really, who could?
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 15, p. 287
- Our stories are funny because we lived them, and we survived them. The worse the incident was when it was happening, the funnier the story had become to us over the years.
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 16, p. 303
-  challeges."
- Nicholas Sparks, Chapter 17, p. 333
- Life, he decided, was for living, not for having, and he wanted to experience every moment that he could. At the deepest level, he'd come to understand that life could end at any moment, and it was better to be happy than busy.
- Micah Sparks, Chapter 17, p. 339
- We'd been raised to survive, to meet challenges, and to chase our dreams. … And we don't only love each other, but like each other as well.
- Nicholas Sparks, Epilogue, p. 355
True Believer (2005)[edit]
- "One day, you're going to learn something that can't be explained with science. And when that happens, your life's going to change in ways you can't imagine."
- Doris McClellan, Chapter 3, p. 54
- "My point is simply that kids turn out okay as long as the parents are involved, no matter where they live. It's not like small towns have a monopoly on values. I mean, I'm sure if I did some digging, I'd find lots of kids that were in trouble here, too. Kids are kids, no matter where they live."
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 7, p. 108
- . It's perfectly normal."
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 7, p. 113
- She didn't hide what she was thinking, she didn't try to impress him, nor was she swayed by anything he'd accomplished in the past. Instead she seemed to evaluate him as he was today, right now, without holding either the past or the future against him.
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 9, p. 159
- Love could be set in motion quickly, but true love needed time to grow into something strong and enduring. Love was, above all, about commitment and dedication and a belief that spending years with a certain person would create something greater than the sum of what the two could accomplish separately. Only time, however, could show whether you'd been accurate in your judgment.
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 12, p. 192
- In her new, more mature incarnation, she embraced the idea that maturity meant thinking about risk long before you pondered the reward, and that success and happiness in life were as much about avoiding mistakes as making your mark in the world.
- Lexie Darnell, Chapter 13, p. 205
- "I'm of the opinion that anyone--even strangers--can sense the urgency of a request, and most people will usually do the right thing. … But when that didn't work, I offered to pay them."
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 14, p. 218
- Life was about spending time together, about having the time to walk together holding hands, talking quietly as they watched the sun go down. It wasn't glamorous, but it was, in many ways, the best that life had to offer. Wasn't that how the old saying went? Who, on their deathbed, ever said they wished they had worked harder? Or spent less time enjoying a quiet afternoon? Or spent less time with their family?
- Lexie Darnell, Chapter 17, p. 269
At First Sight (2005)[edit]
- Sometimes the same emotion that breaks your heart is the very one that will heal it...
- Front jacket flap
- Is love at first sight truly possible?
- Jeremy Marsh, Prologue, p. 1
- It was like a vacation, one he hadn't planned for, but one that left him feeling more rested than he had in years. For the first time in what seemed like forever, he was choosing the pace of his life rather than his life choosing the pace. Being bored, he decided, was an underrated art form.
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 4, p. 52
- Does trust have to be earned? Or is it simply a matter of faith?
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 7, p. 105
- "...but what I eventually came to understand was that it doesn't mean they don't love you."
- Mayor Gherkin, Chapter 8, p. 120
- "...The one thing you've got to remember is to see the big picture. When things get tough, remind yourself why you fell in love with her in the first place. She's a special woman, anad you were lucky to find her, just as she was lucky to find you. She's got a heart of gold, and you can't fake something like that."
- Jeremy's father, Chapter 11, p. 147
- "Well, then I'd say it takes two to tango. My guess is that both of you are right and both of you are wrong. That's the way most arguments go, anyway. People are who they are and no one is perfect, but marriage is about becoming a team. You're going to spend the rest of your life learning about each other, and every now and then, things blow up. But the beauty of marriage is that if you picked the right person and you both love each other, you'll alway figure out a way to get through it."
- Jeremy's father, Chapter 11, p. 148
- "...What's going on with you two, all this stress you're both under...that's called life. And life has a tendency to throw curveballs when you least expect them. Every couple has ups and downs, every couple argues, and that's the thing--you're a couple, and couples can't function without trust. You have to trust him, and he's got to trust you."
- Doris, Chapter 12, p. 162
- "Like I said, you're in this together. Men have certain needs, women have different needs; that's the way it was hundreds of years ago, and that's the way it's going to be hundreds of years from now. If you both realize that, and you both work on meeting each other's needs, you'll have a good marriage. And part of that, for both of you, is trust. In the end, it's that simple."
- Doris, Chapter 12, p. 164
- "Kids are people, too, and once they start getting older, they make their own decisions. There's only so much you can do."
- Lexie Darnell, Chapter 16, p. 196
- "...once she becomes a teenager...well, sometimes there's nothing you can do. With or without you, in the end, children grow up to become the people they were meant to be."
- Lexie Darnell, Chapter 16, p. 196-197
- "...having children changes your life like nothing else. It'll be the hardest and best thing you've ever done."
- Doris, Chapter 19, p. 247
- ...suddenly certain that what he was doing now was the sole reason he'd been placed on this earth. To love another. To care for someone else, to help another person, to carry her worries until she was strong enough to carry them on her own. To care for someone unconditionally, for in the end that was what gave life meaning.
- Jeremy Marsh, Chapter 20, p. 263
Dear John (2006)[edit]
-.
- John Tyree, Prologue, p. 4
- ...(in the army) you're forced to learn the most important lesson in life, and that's the fact that you have to live up to your responsibilities, and.
- John Tyree, Chapter 1, p. 18-19
- "...good teachers are priceless. They inspire you, they entertain you, and you end up learning a ton even when you don't know it."
"Because they're passionate about their subjects."
- Savannah Lynn Curtis and John Tyree, Chapter 4, p. 69-70
- "...when you're struggling with something, look at all the people around you and realize that every single person you see is struggling with something, and to them, it's just as hard as what you're going through."
- Savannah Lynn Curtis, Chapter 4, p. 71
- ...She had the rare ability to be exactly what people needed when she was with them and yet still remain true to herself.
- John Tyree, Chapter 7, p. 93
- I knew my dad was a good man, a kind man, and though he'd led a wounded life, he'd done the best he could in raising me.
- John Tyree, Chapter 16, p. 198
- "...I learned that it's possible to go on, no matter how impossible it seems, and that in time, the grief...lessens. It may not ever go away completely, but after a while it's not overwhelming."
- Tim Wheddon, Chapter 20, p. 265
- ...I finally understood what true love really meant. ...that love meant that you care for another person's happiness more than your own, no matter how painful the choices you face might be.
- John Tyree, Epilogue, p. 275
The Choice (2007)[edit]
- Stories are as unique as the people who tell them, and the best stories are those in which the ending is a surprise.
- Travis Parker, Proloque, p. 1
- It went without saying that he felt guilty about what had happened, but married friends had assured him that guilt was the cornerstone of any good marriage. It meant that a conscience was at work, values were held in high esteem, and reasons to feel guilty were best avoided whenever possible.
- Travis Parker, Proloque, p. 2
- ...he remembered being very happy. But things change. People change. Change was one of the inevitable laws of nature, exacting its toll on people's lives. Mistakes were made, regrets form, and all the was left were repercussions that made something as simple as rising from the bed seem almost laborious.
- Travis Parker, Proloque, p. 3
- No pretenses, no attempts to impress, no one trying to show anyone up.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 1, p. 12
- Parents might believe themselves to be the bosses, but in the end it was the kids who made the rules.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 1, p. 16
- He often felt that too many people lived their lives acting and pretending, wearing masks and losing themselves in the process.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 4, p. 51
- That was one of the great things about being single: A person could pretty much do what he wanted, whenever he wanted, and introspection was only an option.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 4, p. 54
- Was living together a step toward the future or just a way to continue the present?
- Gabby Holland, Chapter 5, p. 58
- "Traveling has less to do with seeing things than experiencing them...."
- Travis Parker, Chapter 8, p. 101
- "But I'm different now than i was then. Just like I was different at the end of the trip than I'd been at the beginning. And I'll be different tomorrow than I am today. And what that means is that I can never replicate that trip. Even if I went to the same places and met the same people, it wouldn't be the same. My experience wouldn't be the same. To me, that's what traveling should be about. Meeting people, learning to not only appreciate a different culture, but really enjoy it like a local, following whatever impulse strikes you."
- Travis Parker, Chapter 8, p. 102-103
- 'He who does nothing is the one who does nothing.'...'Blessed are the lazy who lie in boats, for they shall inherit a suntan.'
- Stephanie Parker, Chapter 9, p. 107
- "...people are pretty much the same. Especially through adolescence and early adulthood. For the most part, people go through the same experiences and think the same thing, but somehow on one ever escapes the belief that his experience is unique in every conceivable way."
- Stephanie Parker, Chapter 9, p. 111
- "In other words, when the going get tough, the tough get going."
- Gaby Holland, Chapter 10, p. 115
- "Love is a wonderful thing. It makes life worthwhile. I love being in love."
"Spoken like a man with plenty of experience. But keep in mind that true love lasts forever."
"Poets would say that true love always ends in tragedy."
- Travis Parker and Gaby Holland, Chapter 11, p. 132
- ...he realized that the same thing that made women initially attractive to him--their need to be taken care of--was the very thing that eventually signaled he end of the relationship. How did that old saying go? If you've been divorced once, you might be right in thinking your ex was the problem. If you've been divorced three times? Well, folks, the problem is most definitely you. Granted, he hadn't been divorced, but the point was well taken.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 12, p. 144-145
- Finding a woman with a sense of humor had been the one piece of advice his father had given him when he'd first begun to get serious about dating, and he finally understood why his dad had considered it important. If conversation was the lyrics, laughter was the music, making time spent together a melody that could be replayed over and over without getting stale.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 13, p. 166
- But would she do it differently if she could? She doubted it. Her experiences growing up ad formed her into the woman that she'd become, just as his experiences had formed him, and she didn't regret them. And yet...she knew that wasn't the question that mattered. ...she realized the choice before her was this: Where do I go from here?
It is never too late to change things.
- Gabby Holland, Chapter 13, p. 168
- How far should a person go in the name of true love?
- Travis Parker, Chapter 15, p. 191
- Thinking back, he recalled events he wished he could change, tears he wished had never been shed, time that could have been better spent, and frustrations he should have shrugged off. Life, it seemed, was full of regret, and he yearned to turn back the clock so he could live parts of his live over again. One thing was certain: He should have been a better husband.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 15, p. 192
- ...people always said that parenting and worrying were synonymous...
- Travis Parker, Chapter 15, p. 193
- ...he often wondered when exactly her feeling for him finally overwhelmed those she'd had for Kevin...
He wasn't sure; capturing a specific instant like that was no more possible than locating a specific drop of water in the ocean.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 15, p. 193-194
- These days, it seemed that the only thing he was certain about was the knowledge that he wouldn't trade his years with Gabby for anything. Without her, his life had little meaning. He was a small-town husband with a small-town occupation and his cares were no different from anyone else's. He'd been neither a leader nor a follower, nor had he been someone who would be remembered long after he passed away. He was the most ordinary of men with only one exception: He'd fallen in love with a woman named Gabby, his love deepening in the years they'd been married. But fate had conspired to ruin all that, and now he spent long periods of his days wondering whether it was humanly possible to fix things between them.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 15, p. 199
- Marriage, each of them realized intuitively, was about compromise and forgiveness. It was about balance, where one person complemented the other.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 16, p. 203
- You're doing the best you can, right? Isn't that what we always tell each other?
- Gabby Parker, Chapter 19, p. 227
- He loved his wife but hated what life with her had become, cursing himself for even thinking this way.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 16, p. 228
- The past was gone and the future had yet to unfold, and he knew he should focus his life on the present...yet his day-to-day existence suddenly struck him as endless and unbearable.
- Travis Parker, Chapter 22, p. 258-259
- ...He was with the woman and daughters he loved, and who could ever need or want anything more than that?...It was just a normal day, a day like any other. But most of all, it was a day in which everything was exactly the way it should be.
- Travis Parker, Epilogue, p. 272
The Lucky One (2008)[edit]
- "...There is a greater purpose to all this. It is your destiny."
- Victor, Chapter 13, Thibault, p. 146
- ...she was struck by the simple truth that sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people.
- Elizabeth Green, Chapter 15, Beth, p. 274
The Last Song (2009)[edit]
- Life, he realized, was much like a song.
In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it's in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
- Steve Miller, Chapter 36, Steve, p. 376
2009[edit]
Safe Haven (2010)[edit]
- "That's what courage is. If she weren't scared, she wouldn't need courage in the first place."
- Jo, Chapter 7, p. 66-67
- "...people who are grieving have to want to move on--that first step, that motivating spark, has to come from within them. And when it does, it opens the door to the unexpected."
- Jo, Chapter 23, p. 190
- "Love doesn't mean anything if you're not willing to make a commitment, and you have to think not only about what you want, but about what he wants. Not just now, but in the future."
- Jo, Chapter 23, p. 192
- "I just tell people what they already know but are afraid to admit to themselves."
- Jo, Chapter 25, p. 203
- "I'm not sure anyone's life turns out exactly the way they imagine. All we can do is to try to make the best of it. Even when it seems impossible."
- Alex Wheatley, Chapter 25, p. 208
- "Maybe I don't want to be defined by what I do. Maybe I'd like to be defined by what I am."
- Katie, Chapter 29, p. 236
- "Long-term relationships--the ones that matter--are all about weathering the peaks and valleys."
- Jo, Chapter 33, p. 259
- "Dying is a strange business, and I'm not going to bore you with the details. I might have weeks or I might have months and though it's a cliche, it's true that so many of the things I once believed to be important no longer are. ...I find myself reflecting on the essential moments of my life."
- Carly, Chapter 43, p. 336
- Katie eventually realizes that she must choose between a life of transient safety and one of riskier rewards...and that in the darkest hour, love is the only true safe haven.
- Back jacket flap
The Best of Me (2011)[edit]
- He knew that Amanda would always be the very best part of him, the self he would always long to know.
- Dawson Cole, Chapter 1, p. 23
-.
- Amanda Collier Ridley, Chapter 2, p. 35
- ...he had the sense that they were both lonely, albeit in different ways. He was a solitary figure in a vast landscape while she was a face in a nameless crowd.
- Dawson Cole, Chapter 5, p. 78
- In the end, everything came down to money. It came down to what a person actually did, as opposed to who they thought they were,...
- Marilyn Bonner, Chapter 6, p. 94
- ...the grass isn't always greener on the other side. What the younger generation didn't understand was that the grass was greener where it's watered, which meant that both Frank and Amanda had to get out their hoses if they wanted to make things better.
- Evelyn Collier, Chapter 6, p. 103
- "...even then I knew that I was fortunate. Because you were the first guy who wasn't constantly trying to impress me. You accepted who you were, but more than that, you accepted me for me."
- Amanda Collier Ridley, Chapter 7, p. 137
- "You have to understand that I'm not the girl I used to be. I'm a wife and a mother now, and like everyone else I'm not perfect. I struggle with the choices I've made and I make mistakes, and half the time I wonder who I really am or what I'm doing or whether my life means anything at all. I'm not special at all, Dawson, and you need to know that. You have to understand that I'm just...ordinary."
- Amanda Collier Ridley, Chapter 11, p. 171
- Love, after all, always said more about those who felt it than it did about the ones they loved.
- Dawson Cole, Chapter 11, p. 174
- The past was gone, after all, and the future was the only thing they had left.
- Amanda Collier Ridley, Chapter 12, p. 180
- ...there'd also been an unvarnished honestly in what they'd said. There were no hidden meanings, no secret attempts to pass judgment; as quickly as their disagreements had flared up, they'd pass.
- Amanda Collier Ridley, Chapter 12, p. 183
- But trust me when I say that memories are funny things. Sometimes they're real, but other times they change into what we want them to be... But like I said, she's hurting, and if there's one thing I've learned, it's that people in pain don't always see things as clearly as they should... And if it somehow doesn't work out between you, then you've got to understand that you can't look back anymore. It'll destroy you in the end, and destroy her as well. Neither one of you can keep living with regret, because it drains the life right out of you, and the very idea is enough to break my heart.
- Tuck Hostetler, Chapter 15, p. 218-219
- "...I said everything that matters... Don't take my advice. Or anyone's advice. Trust yourself. For good or for bad, happy or unhappy, it's your life, and what you do with it has always been entirely up to you."
- Evelyn Collier, Chapter 15, p. 223
The Longest Ride (2013)[edit]
- I sometimes think to myself that I’m the last of my kind.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 1 Ira, p. 1
- His voice, even now, follows me everywhere on this longest of rides, this thing called life.
- Ira Levinson speaking about his father, Chapter 1 Ira, p. 2
- "What's your horse's name?"
"Horse."
"Sophia waited for the joke, but it didn't come. "You call your horse 'Horse'?"
"He doesn't mind."
"You should give him a noble name. Like Prince or Chief or something."
"It might confuse him now."
"Trust me. Anything is better than Horse. It's like naming a dog Dog."
"I have a dog named Dog. Australian Cattle Dog." He turned, his expression utterly matter-of-fact. "Great herder."
"And your mom didn't complain?"
"My mom named him."
- Sophia and Luke, Chapter 4 Sophia, p. 64
- I had never dreamed of being a soldier; I had never fired a gun. I was not, nor ever had been, a fighter of any sort, but even so, I loved my country, and I spent much of that year trying to imagine a future distorted by war.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 5 Ira, p. 74
- "As your father used to say, we shared the longest ride together, this thing called life, and mine has been filled with joy because of you."
- Ruth Levinson, Chapter 5 Ira, p. 78
- The words nearly break my heart, and I feel something crumble inside me. The truth is often a terrible thing, and I wish again that I were someone else. But it is too late now, too late to change anything. I am old and alone and I'm dying a little more with each passing hour. I'm tired, more tired than I've ever been.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 5 Ira, p. 80
- While she was exceptional, I was average, a man whose major accomplishment in life was to love her without reservation, and that would never change.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 14 Ira, p. 187
- "It was the way you looked at me while I looked at the art that changed me. It is you, in other words, who changed."
- Ruth Levinson, Chapter 14 Ira, p. 199
- As much as I love her, I admit that she has always remained somewhat of an enigma to me...
I liked this about her. I liked the mystery she added to my life. I liked the occasional silence between us, for ours was a comfortable silence. It was a passionate silence, one that had its roots in comfort and desire.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 17 Ira, p. 222-223
- In this world, after all, I've become more or less invisible...I've become what the young are afraid of becoming, just another member of the nameless elderly, an old and broken man with nothing left to offer to this world.
My days are inconsequential, comprising simple moments and even simpler pleasures. I eat and sleep and think of Ruth; I wander the house and stare the the paintings, and in the mornings, I feed the pigeons that gather in my backyard.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 17, p. 234
- My marriage brought great happiness into my life, but lately there's been nothing but sadness. I understand that love and tragedy go hand in hand, for there can't be one without the other, but nonetheless I find myself wondering whether the tradeoff is fair. A man should die as he had lived, I think; in his final moments, he should be surrounded and comforted by those he's always loved.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 17, p. 237
- "You are a smart man, Ira, but sometimes I think you do not understand women very well."
- Ruth Levinson, Chapter 20 Ira, p. 267
- I was not meant to be alone. I am not good at it. The years since Ruth's passing have ticked by with the kind of desparate silence known only to the elderly. It is a silence underscored by loneliness and the knowledge that the good years are already in the past, coupled with the complications of old age itself.
The body is not meant to survive nearly a century. I speak from experience when I say this...
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 28, p. 320-321
- A truth emerges in any long marriage, and the truth is this: Our spouses sometimes know us better than we even know ourselves.
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 28, p. 325
- "I wish I had the talent to paint the way I feel about you, for my words always feel inadequate. I imagine using red for your passion and pale blue for your kindness; forest green to reflect the depth of your empathy and bright yellow for your unflagging optimism. And still I wonder: can even an artist's palette capture the full range of what you mean to me?"
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 28, p. 326-327
- "My plea to you is this: despite your sadness, do not forget how happy you have made me; do not forget that I loved a man who loved me in return, and this was the greatest gift I could ever hope to receive."
- Ruth Levinson, Chapter 28 Ira, p. 328-329
- [Written on back of photograph of Ruth and Daniel]
"Ruth Levinson
Third grade teacher.
She believes in me and I can be anything I want when I grow up.
I can even change the world."
- Daniel McCallum, Chapter 28 Ira, p. 335
- "'If there is a heaven, we will find each other again, for there is no heaven without you.'"
- Ira Levinson, Chapter 28 Ira, p. 341After delivering a teaser yesterday, Shakira comes through with a sexy new visual for her Rihanna-featured single "Can't Remember To Forget You". Rihanna & Shakira in a bathing suit never disappoints.
Check out a sneak peek at Shakira's upcoming visual "Can't Remember To Forget You" featuring Rihanna. The full video, which is directed by Joseph Kahn, will premiere tomorrow at 8 p.m. EST on E!. Check back manana. Experience Shakira Feat..
Give Get It Started a listen - it's a new offering from Pitbull, featuring Shakira. It was dropped on Monday, June 25th, 2012. Pitbull's musical situation is improving with every new release, and Get It Started will most definitely help theI am one of those people who loves getting and sharing resources. As such, here is a list of books I have read and recommend. If you have a reading suggestion, please feel free to put it in the comment section and I will be happy to add it to the page. Thanks!
Calder, Lendol
Uncoverage: Toward a Signature Pedagogy for the History Survey (Full JAH Article)
Knight, Jim
Instructional Coaching: A Partnership Approach to Improving Instruction
Allen, Rich
Impact Teaching: Ideas and Strategies for Teachers to Maximize Student Learning
Gee, James Paul
What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy
Hallowell, Edward M. & Ratey, John J.
Driven to Distraction: Recognizing and Coping with ADD from Childhood Through Adulthood
Delivered from Distraction: Getting the Most out of Life with ADD
Kise, Jane A. G.
Differentiated Coaching: A Framework for Helping Teachers Change
Differentiated School Leadership: Effective Collaboration, Communication and Change Through Personality Type
Percoco, James A.
A Passion for the Past: Creative Teaching of U.S. History
Divided We Stand: Teaching About Conflict in U.S. History
Reynolds, Garr
Presentation Zen: Simple Ideas on Presentation Design and Delivery
Tovani, Cris
I Read It, But I Don’t Get It: Comprehension Strategies for Adolescent Learners
Do I Really Have to Teach Reading? Content Comprehension, Grades 6-12
Wineburg, Sam
Historical Thinking and Other Unnatural Acts: Charting the Future of Teaching the Past*This item is not regularly stocked or displayed in our Showroom, however it may be Special Ordered for you.
Item Availability is subject to Manufacturer Drop or Discontinuation. Please stop in or click Request More Info for additional details.
Unlock a sense of truly divine design in your home décor with a rug from the Archive collection by Smithsonian for Surya. Hand woven from 100% wool, the striking coloring placed
The Archive 9' x 13' by Surya from Rotmans. We proudly serve the Worcester, Boston, MA, Providence, RI, and New England.2015 RITA Contest Judging
The purpose of the RITA contest is to promote excellence in the romance genre by recognizing outstanding published romance novels and novellas.
Judges
RITA judges may enter scores online by clicking the link below:
Book assignments will be listed.
· In the Ratings section select a score from the drop down by clicking on the arrow next to the score box.
· Click Yes or No next to the following two questions:
Is the love story the main focus of the book?
Is the resolution of the romance emotionally satisfying and optimistic?
· Click the Draft link above the Ratings section, and select Final (located at the top of the page).
· Click the Back to Judgings button. You will return to the list of assigned entries.
If you wish to mail, fax, or e-mail your score sheet to the RWA office, the information is listed below.
RWA mailing address is: RWA - Atten: RITA Contest 14615 Benfer Rd. Houston, TX 77069 USA
RWA main fax number: (832) 717-5201 Email address: carol.ritter@rwa.org
Scoring
Each preliminary-round entry will be scored individually on a scale of 1.0 to 10.0, with 1.0 being the lowest (poor) and 10.0 being the highest (excellent). Judges are allowed and encouraged to use decimal points (7.5, 8.8, etc.) when scoring.
Preliminary-round scores will be determined using a trimmed mean (the highest and lowest scores will be discarded and the remaining three scores will be averaged).
The top scoring 4% of each category’s entries (based on the number of qualified entries received) will advance to the final round, excepting that no category will have fewer than 4 finalists and no category will have more than 10 finalists. Any fraction will be rounded up to the next whole number, not to exceed 10 finalists.
Final-round entries for the RITA contest shall be ranked from first to last place (1st, 2nd, 3rd, etc.) with the lowest score signifying the winner.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Are you searching for information on Desere Cummins in Louisville, OH? If so you need PeopleFinders’ expertise in providing people search data such as possible relatives, phone number, and email for people like Desere Cummins. With such in-depth information about people with the last name Cummins in Louisville in our records, you will find the person you are trying to locate in no time.
In order to simplify the process of uncovering data about the Desere in OH you are searching for, we have separated it into four categories – name/aliases, age, possible relatives and location. We have also simplified the process for users so they can easily find all the people with the last name Cummins above and check out which one is the best match. Once you determine the Desere Cummins you are hoping to find, click on the View Details link on the right hand side for more information.
If your search for Desere in Lou Desere Cummins in Louisville, OH, visit the details page to see all the information we have to offer.Leadership—Recognize and celebrate the outstanding contributions of PDK members and chapters
PDK is the original member of the PDK International family of associations, which also includes Pi Lambda Theta (PLT) and the Future Educators Association® (FEA). Together, these three education associations support the full spectrum of the education profession, beginning with FEA for precollegiate prospective educators, continuing with PLT for collegiate preservice and practicing teachers, and concluding with PDK, a prestigious professional association of educators.
Specifically, PDK is one of the largest education associations in the world and has thousands of members dedicated to improving education,’s mission is to support education, particularly public education, as the cornerstone of democracy. Its vision is to be the experts in cultivating great educators for tomorrow while continuing to ensure high-quality education for today.
Membership in PDK demonstrates a commitment to the field of education and to professional growth, and we can help you advance your education career. Join PDK today and become a part of this powerful network of educators. Already a member? Renew your PDK membership so that you don’t miss any issues of Kappan magazine or other member benefits.data entry/research
This project was awarded to jayjossef132 for $30 USD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Awarded to:
Skills Required
Project BudgetN/A
Total Bids68
Project Description
This is a relatively easy project. This is what I need.
(a) Contacting a list of companies individually. I will provide you with a list & methodology of finding the companies to contact. Essentially it is simply visiting one webpage, clicking on a 2nd link, finding the contact form on the company and cutting & pasting some text that I give you.
(b) You will need to track your work. So, when you visit a company website, if they have an online contact form, you will need to record that. If it is a simple e-mail address, you will need to use a different online form. You will then send them message customized as I specify, either through their online form, or the secondary form.
You will also need to check the spreadsheet, to ensure that they have not been contacted before.
(c) This will be for a set of 300 companies. Depending how well you do the first set, there may be ongoing work available, probably on a regular daily basis.
BTW, 30 companies should only take 1 hour or less, so this bid is for about 10 hours work (300 companies). As a minimum, I need 50 companies contacted per day (so about 2 hours/day). If you can do more, that is great - there may additional work available for you if you can do it at a fast/qualityH.R.2537 - To amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to employee protective arrangements, and for other purposes.113th Congress (2013-2014)
Bill
Tracker:
This bill has the status Introduced
Here are the steps for Status of Legislation:
- Introduced
Subject — Policy Area:
- Transportation and Public Works
- View subjects
Summary: H.R.2537 — 113th Congress (2013-2014)All Bill Information (Except Text)
There is one summary for this bill. Bill summaries are authored by CRS.
Shown Here:
Introduced in House (06/27/2013)
Repeals requirements that condition certain financial assistance for public transportation projects upon employee protective arrangements approved by the Secretary of Labor.
Excellent
This is a great, open-ended game. I like playing with physics in flash. The Audio Portal radio thing was a nice touch as well. This is one of the few flash games where I don't just mute the music and start windows media player up. I would have liked to be able to make the attractors a little more powerful, but this will have to do for now. Another thing that would have been cool would be to be able to change the size and color of the balls. Still one of the best physics games on NG.
Rated 3.5 / 5 stars
Very nifty
This a fun little gadget you've created here with a wide variety of options. I had fun fooling around with it for five minutes or so, but it loses its interest fairly quickly, since there is no objective to accomplish. If you can find a way to make this into a game, you'll have something unique on your hands.
The NG audio jukebox had the potential to hold my interest for much longer than the gadget did on its own. Unfortunately, it seems to only be capable of playing one song--a MIDI piano track with a nice melody but amateurish sequencing (there seem to be no changes in tempo, and every note sounds like it's being played at 128 velocity). If you can find some way to make it play other tracks (or, better yet, browse the audio portal) you'll have my 5.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
Clever
Very clever. There are so many options to choose from that it helped kill 25 minutes. Very good job.
Rated 4 / 5 stars
Interesting
Gives an interesting take on magnetism, gravity, polarities, etc. I like how there are more magnets and platforms to kind of trap the little dots. :)
Rated 2 / 5 stars
*YAWN*
it's so boring, i couldn't see the dots, and it was too fast but it was still kinda funThere are currently no items in your cart.
The Frim Fram Sauce
By Greg Gilpin
-
- Instrument:
-
- Ensemble:
-
The Frim Fram Sauce arranged by Greg Gilpin. For Choral (2-part). Shawnee Press. Choral, General Repertory, Secular, Novelties/Humorous Songs, Popular Standards/Show Tunes. 8 pages. Shawnee Press #E0408. Published by Shawnee Press (HL.35007355).
Buy Together
$11.70
$16.99
The Frim Fram Sauce
with
Folder - Legacy Choral
Buy both for $28.69
Customers Who Bought The Frim Fram Sauce Also Bought:
Hushabye Mountain
$1.90 $1.75
Lean on Me
$1.95 $1.79
We Go Together
$2.25 $2.07
Vois sur ton chemin (See Upon Your ...
$1.95 $1.79
Another Op'nin', Another Show
$2.00 $1.84
Slow Rockin' Christmas
$2.25 $2.07
A Blessing
$1.80 $1.66
Button Up Your Overcoat
$2.00 $1.84
Danny Boy
$1.85 $1.70
I'll Be Home for Christmas
$1.80 $1.66
Love Is a Rain of Diamonds
$2.80 $2.58
A La Puerto Del Cielo
$1.90 $1.75
The Rainbow Connection
$1.95 $1.79
Deck the Rooftop
$2.25 $2.07
The Frim Fram Frim Fram 2-Part Sheet Music
Instrument: Choir Sheet Music
Ensemble: 2-Part Music
Genre: Comedy Sheet Music Pop Sheet Music→ Daniela “Dani/D-Mo/Cap” Ocampo is twenty-six years old, is a guard, mechanic and hunter and is often confused with Michelle Rodriguez.
→ What’s her story?
Daniela was born in Boston, from a Dominican mother and a half Puerto Rican father. From an early age she had always been a troublemaker, getting into fights at school, questioning and talking back to the teachers, she was suspended and kicked out more times that she cared to count. She decided to drop out and get her GED but soon realized opportunities didn’t grow on trees and her best chance was working at her father’s shop. It wasn’t exactly a hardship, she loved cars and engines, it calmed her down, relaxed her and cleared her head but after a couple of months it was not enough.
There was not much for someone like her but once she turned 17, she talked to her parents because despite her issues with authority, Daniela’s main goal was always to help, to support, to do something for others. Most of her fights had been with the intention of protecting or defending others and with that in mind she talked with her family and after a couple of weeks of arguments, tears -mostly her mother’s- and talks, Daniela joined the United States Marine Corps.
It wasn’t easy, not like she had imagine it’d be, bad habits were hard to break and she was often on some horrible duty or with extra chores but it became easier eventually. She was not the kind of soldier that followed orders blindly, after all she was too smart to let others control her just like that but she had matured enough to realize when the orders were worth following. Fighting the war had been tough, traumatic and even though she had grown to love what she did, because it was more than just a job, it was a lifestyle it was part of her, She had been thinking about finally retiring, she had served 8 years, reached a high rank and if she decided to stay, was a shoe in to keep on climbing the ranks but then something worse than the war happened and the military forces were send all around to help civilians but most of the time there were too many and not enough ammo, she had survived when her team had been lost, she had gone back for her family only to find them infected. Lost and alone, she took her fathers car and traveled around for a couple of months until she found the Compound.
→ What’s she like?
Daniela is an intelligent woman, too curious for her own good, people thought she was having issues in school because she was dumb but it was the structure that made it hard for her, she loves knowledge and information, determined from a young age, there was nothing she wouldn’t do, even if people told her she couldn’t she’d do her very best to try and prove them wrong, whatever she set her mind to, she committed until the end and loyal this is perhaps the trait Dani appreciates the most not only in her but in others as well. However she’s very sarcastic between spending her time proving herself and competing with others Dani found it difficult to interact with other people in a more mellowed way, sarcasm became her bridge, hot-tempered like any good Latina, she is fiery, her temper had caused her a fair share of trouble, and brash people were always underestimating her because she was a girl, she compensated with an attitude as big as her abilities.
→ Who does she know?
- Currently none.
→ Daniela is played by AC.
telos-rpFollowSaturday morning dawns, bright and happy.
The mustard field on my walls playing hide and seek with sunlight streaming in from an open window, birds chirping on the tree outside and the sound of MS’ melodious voice singing the Suprabatha. Life is as perfect as it could possibly get.
The door opens and I find a dear friend standing at the threshold.
Emotions flitting across his face as he says, “My father passed away last night. The body is in the mortuary.”
I offer my condolences and mention that his father at least did not have to endure prolonged suffering.
Very matter-of-factly my friend says, “Well, he was 90 and this was the only period in his life that he was hospitalised. Atleast he did not have to suffer.”
We continue our chat and references to his father and the body kept in abeyance till such time another sibling arrives float in and out of the conversation.
Unconsciously, the father became a body in the span of a minute.
Disassociation, the human mind does it so well.
Human frailty, our conscious minds unconsciously cushions us from trauma. It is no longer a dear one who departs but its mere mortal remains, which is burnt or buried.
Long after this moment in time, the body no more but memories staying on.
I do not believe in the life hereafter or the cycles of birth and day, moksha or karma though born a Hindu but the concept of ‘Shashwatha’ or perpetuity just unfolded before me.
Sunlight continues streaming in and the mustard field is no longer as bright.
True preeti, even i have always wondered about this disassociation and find it very scary.Daily Kos memberGive a gift subscription to this user
politicsisit's Profile
Comments posted: 3 (3128 days since last comment on Sat Oct 28, 2006 at 01:22 PM PDT)
Diary frequency: never
Comment frequency: seldom
Total Recommends: 0
Total Comment Ratings: 30
People Following politicsisit: 0
politicsisit's Most Recent Diaries:
Recommended by politicsisit
- It appears that one of the campaigns, probably Clinton, has threatened the Texas Democratic Party with a possible lawsuit over our delegate election processes, prompting the Texas Denmocratic Party'...54 comments 57 Recs
- As Texas House Speaker Tom Craddick tried desperately tried to hang on to his position in late May in the wake of a bi-partisan insurgency that sought to remove him, he shredded the state ...14 comments 64 Recs
- 159 comments 376 Recs
- 9 comments 16 Recs
- 16 comments 22 Recs
- 17 comments 27 Recs
- 21 comments 34 Recs
- 183 comments 413 Recs
- 55 comments 49 Recs
- 417 comments 333 Recs
politicsisit's Tags
- No current results.
politicsisit's Blogroll
- No current results..
- Subject(s):
- Public health
Epidemiology
- Item views:
- 211
- Metadata:
- text | xml
- Suggested Citation:
- Andrew L. Garrett, Kimberly Gill, 2007, Interventions to Mitigate the Reduced Ability and Willingness to Work of Health Care Workers During a Pandemic Influenza Public Health Emergency, Columbia University Academic Commons,.December 11, 2010
USCFootball.com Recruiting
TrojanSports.com
After landing two commitments already this weekend, USC landed a pledge from the CIF Western Division Defensive Player of the Year, Manhattan Beach (Calif.) defensive lineman J.R. Tavai. While an unknown to many recruitniks, Tavai has been a dominant force for Mira Coasta High School the past two seasons. That dominance showed up on film for USC almost immediately. Serra head coach Scott Alentberg foreshadowed what ended up being Tavai's marquee performance for college coaches. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inVic Williams Memorial Race Night
Submitted by Kris Thompson on
Photo Credit: Sportif Images
BOULDER, JUNE 16, 2014 - There will be racing Tuesday night, June 17 to honor the memory of Victor Williams the Colorado cyclist who died last week at the facility.
The racing program was designed by Kirsten Williams, Vic's daughter who is a National Team cyclist in the Junior ranks and is preparing to compete in the upcoming Jr. National Championships. Proceeds from all race registrations and donations at the door will be collected for the Vic Williams Scholarship Fund.
The evening program will begin with Ride of Honor where cyclists will silently circle the track for a number of laps. There will be a number of races throughout the evening that will test riders speed as well as endurance.
For more updates on the racing program and weather check the Colorado Springs Velodrome Facebook Site.
Vic Williams Memorial Race Night
Tuesday June 17, 2014
Race Time 7:00pm
Location OTC 7-Eleven Velodrome
250 South Union
Memorial Park Colorado Springs
Admission Donations will be collected for the Vic Williams Scholarship Fund
Donations Vic Williams Scholarship Fund
2401 Broadway Suite 216
Boulder, Co 80304
Media Contact
Aaron Bouplan
Executive Director, Bicycle Racing Association of Denver
Phone: (303)458-5538
Recent comments796 Middle St APT 1, Portsmouth, NH 03801
0.49: 169 all time views
- Last sold: Dec 2011 for $340,000
Features
- Unfinished basement
Other
- Parcel #: PRSM M:0153 B:0008 L:1
- Zillow Home ID: 9535-1.75M.
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts 03801 home values will increase 1.2% next year, compared to a 1.1% rise for Portsmouth as a whole..… More Less
For Sale
- 583 Lincoln Ave4 beds, 2 baths
2,071 sqft, 6,098 sqft lot, built in 1910
- 139 Willard Ave2 beds, 1 baths
1,130 sqft, 8,276 sqft lot, built in 1900
- 209 Lafayette Rd4 beds, 3 baths
3,900 sqft, 54,885 sqft lot, built in 1900
- 346 Union St # 3464 beds, 3 baths
1,932 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1880
- Sanderson Dr LOT 33 beds, 3 baths
2,500 sqft, 29,620 sqft lot, built in 2015
- 211 Union St # 2115 beds, 2.5 baths
10,533 sqft, 15,681 sqft lot, built in 1962
- 211 Union St5 beds, 2.5 baths
10,533 sqft, 15,681 sqft lot, built in 1962
- 244 Austin StStudio, -- baths
1,734 sqft, 1,306 sqft lot, built in 1915
- Sanderson Dr LOT 14 beds, 3 baths
2,540 sqft, 15,246 sqft lot, built in 2015
- 183 Austin St UNIT A-13 beds, 3 baths
1,560 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1880
- 183 Austin St3 beds, 3 baths
1,560 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1880
- 147 Cabot St1 beds, 1 baths
780 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1895
- 147 Cabot St # 41 beds, 1 baths
794 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1895
- 81 Merrimac St # 2B1 beds, 1 baths
1,153 sqft, 1,742 sqft lot, built in 1876
- Lot 3 Sanderson3 beds, 3 baths
-- sqft, 29,620 sqft lot, built in 2015
Rentals
- 446 Union St3 beds, 2 baths
1,600 sqft, 6,000 sqft lot, built in 1902
- 889 South St STE 41 beds, 1 baths
854 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1897
- 165 Bartlett St3 beds, 2 baths
1,523 sqft, 8,276 sqft lot, built in 1910
- 609 State St UNIT 32 beds, 2 baths
1,312 sqft, 28,313 sqft lot, built in 1890
- 480 State St # CONDO2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,400 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1995
- 7 Portwalk Pl # 1590013 beds, 2 baths
1,426 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2014
- 7 Portwalk Pl # 1526711 beds, 1 baths
720
- 7 Portwalk Pl # 1589951 beds, 1 baths
677 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2014
- 2015
- 80 State St APT 2022 beds, 1 baths
950 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1856
-.Hi, I asked this at JPackage.org, but this is probably a better place to query.? -- Richi PlanaPhotoshop displays the RAM available to Photoshop and the ideal range of RAM for Photoshop (a percentage of the total available RAM) in Performance preferences.
Allocate RAM to Photoshop
For detailed information on improving Photoshop performance, including specifying RAM settings in preferences, see Optimize performance | Photoshop CS4, CS5 (kb404439) in the Adobe support knowledgebase.
Assigning scratch disks
When your system does not have enough RAM to perform an operation, Photoshop uses a proprietary virtual memory technology, also called scratch disks. A scratch disk is any drive or drive partition with free memory. By default, Photoshop uses the hard drive on which the operating system is installed as the primary scratch disk.
Photoshop detects and displays all available internal disks in the Preferences panel. Using the Preferences panel, you can enable other scratch disks to be used when the primary disk is full. Your primary scratch disk should be your fastest hard disk; make sure it has plenty of defragmented space available.
The following guidelines can help you assign.
Change the scratch disk assignment
Specify history and cache settings
Specify the maximum number of History States that appear in the History panel.
Specify the Cache Levels and Tile Size for image data. To quickly optimize these settings, click a preset for images with these characterstics:
Tall and Thin
Many layers and small dimensions.
Default
Moderate dimensions and layers.
Big and Flat
Large dimensions and few layers.
You must restart Photoshop to apply new cache settings.
Free memory
The Purge command lets you free memory used by the Undo command, the History panel, panel. Use the Purge command when the amount of information in memory is so large that Photoshop performance is noticeably affected.
Enable OpenGL and optimize GPU settings
OpenGL is a software and hardware standard that accelerates video processing when working with large or complex images such as 3D files. OpenGL requires a video adapter that supports the OpenGL standard. Your performance when opening, moving, and editing 3D models is significantly improved on a system with OpenGL. (If OpenGL is not available on your system, Photoshop uses software-based ray-trace rendering to display 3D files.)
If OpenGL is present on your system, you can enable it in the Preferences dialog box.
For more information, see:
Twitter™ and Facebook posts are not covered under the terms of Creative Commons.
Legal Notices | Online Privacy Policy>
By Name
>
0-9
> Profile
3D - The Design Firm
Profile Options
Profile Last Updated: 02/04/2005
3D - The Design Firm
5-b/1 Krishna Ngr, S.J.Enclave
New Delhi, Delhi India
110029
[P] +91 011.26.16.74.50
[F]
None Specified
[E]
info_tdf@yahoo.co.in
Amit Dixit
The Design firm provides best solutions for 3d modeling, architectural rendering, cad conversion, photo real 3d visualization, product design, 3d animation, architectural & interiors design services, walkthrough animation and outsourcing services in diverse application areas at most competitive price. The Design firm is looking forward for sustain strategic sourcing relationships which is increasingly critical to competitive success. This relationship will not only cut costs, but also allow your company to join forces with us as a strategic sourcing partner in order to find broader, breakthrough benefits in terms of revenue growth, market share gains and customer service improvements
3DModelling.cad.Animation Facilities
Highend P-4(HT) Desktops/server
---NonDiscloser---
Animation Production, Business Agencies, Graphic Design, Multimedia / Interactive Development, New Media, Post-Production Services, Pre-Production Services, Web Animation Production
2D Computer Animation, 3D Computer Animation, Animated Objects, Digital / Visual Effects
Animated Characters, Animated Web Graphics, Games, Multimedia / New MediaINSTRUCTIONAL RESOURCES
- Products & Services
- Digital & Mobile
- What We Do
- Store.So much fun talking with @LanceBass and the crew today! @dirtypoplive @siriusxm49w
So much fun talking with @LanceBass and the crew today! @dirtypoplive @siriusxm49w
Today is my little brothers 15th birthday. Can't believe how old you are @chandler_henderson13! Love & miss you so much!!!50w
Just a little preview.. Loved this shoot! #petersvensonphotography50w
One of my favorite dances Hit The Floor has ever done, and I got to be a part of it! Watch our LACMA number tonight at 9/8c on VH1. Xo50w
BTS from my shoot today! Such a blast. Thank you @ninjaneds for being the best. And @nicwalpert & #sonialee for making my hair & makeup pretty xo50w
I love the creativity behind spelling my name. Haha last table read of 2A! ❤️51wWarm Winter Whole Grain Salad
January 12, 2011 at 12:06 pm Jennie 28 comments.
The food of winter is also wholesome, in a way delicate spring lettuces and indulgent summer fruits can’t be. Winter fare should fill you up and stay with you to warm your belly through that cold jaunt to the car or train. I’ve been rediscovering the joy of cooking this winter, after having burnt out my inner creative cook during the heat and hubbub of summer. I’ve been taking my time in the kitchen, no longer reaching in the freezer to pull out a pre-made this or that because it would be fast and easy. I’ve been cooking to make myself happy; to treat my tastebuds; to eat more winter vegetables.
This Warm Winter Whole Grain Salad has become a staple in my diet the past month or two. And, while I can’t claim it to be a miracle cure, it certainly seems to have contributed to my happier and healthier state of being this winter. On Saturday night I soak the wheat berries and then spend a relaxed Sunday afternoon making the rest so I have a delicious dish for lunch every day that week. I have as yet to get bored with it, the wheat berries and barely.
Don’t be put off by the length of the recipe or that it appears to take up a good deal of time. While this salad does require you to be a bit organized, it requires surprisingly little hands-on time once you have the butternut squash peeled and cubed. The first bite will make it all worthwhile and your winter a little more wholesome.
Warm Winter Whole Grain Salad)
Entry filed under: Recipes, Salads. Tags: cooking, food, recipe, vegetarian.
28 Comments Add your own
Trackback this post | Subscribe to the comments via RSS Feed
1.
Era | January 12, 2011 at 12:30 pm
This looks incredible! I can’t wait to make it!
2.
Amy | January 12, 2011 at 12:44 pm
Thanks for posting this! I love wheat berry salads, and I’m always looking for a good recipe. Will be a perfect way to use up another winter squash.
3.
oneordinaryday | January 12, 2011 at 1:34 pm
I tried a wheat berry salad quite some time ago and was so disappointed. I have a feeling this recipe would be much more appealing to us. Looks wonderful.
4.
Jason | January 12, 2011 at 3:46 pm
So glad to see you’re cooking again! I feel the same way about winter (no surprise). Winter is when you have time to cherish the cooking experience since there’s precious little else going on! :-D
5.
E. Baron | January 12, 2011 at 6:16 pm
Beautiful recipe! Thanks for your thoughts on winter; I have to remind myself periodically about its beauty and all the adventure it offers. It’s all too easy to get sort of focused on the hardship. Two feet of brand new snow here today in New Hampshire!
6.
Christine | January 15, 2011 at 4:38 pm
This looks great. I have a whole bag of bulgur wheat, but no barley, I don’t think. I wonder if that would work…
Just sent you an email — loved your article yesterday!!!
7.
lvaletutto | January 23, 2011 at 4:13 pm
I’m glad you’re posting again. This looks so tasty! I might just try a variation of this with the ingredients I can get here in Germany. Thanks again. Lovely post. Laura
8.
kenny | January 25, 2011 at 2:48 pm
now – this dish looks great and soooo healthy !
9.
tom | January 27, 2011 at 6:57 pm
10.
Diana @ frontyardfoodie | February 9, 2011 at 6:45 pm
The snow just keeps coming! But my one solace is that the groundhog didn’t see it’s shadow…..actually that doesn’t help.
11.
shayma | February 11, 2011 at 8:19 pm
am mesmerised by your photos, as always. x shayma
12.
sharon lovejoy | March 1, 2011 at 11:15 pm
This looks incredibly tasty and satisfying.
I love the sweet way you wrote about neighbors and eyesores.
All joys to you-spring is rushing onward,
Sharon Lovejoy Writes from Sunflower House and a Little Green Island
13.
HungarianGoulash | May 27, 2011 at 9:45 am
I never really learned how to make simple, every day meals. This looks easy and great! I’ll have to try it out!
14. Pandaranol Warm Winter Whole Grain Salad | May 28, 2011 at 1:13 am
[…] Straight from the Farm […]
15.
Simply Life | May 30, 2011 at 7:16 am
Oh wow! What a delicious salad!
16.
milking equipment | August 19, 2011 at 4:54 pm
Such beautiful fall colors in that salad. Looks absolutely delicious.
17.
Not quite Vegan | October 4, 2011 at 2:30 pm
Wow, this looks really delicious! I’ve actually never used wheatberry, but I will definitely have to try this recipe.
18.
eatingwithoutmeat | October 5, 2011 at 9:26 pm
This looks absolutely delicious. Can’t wait to try it.
19.
Artemesia | October 14, 2011 at 11:55 pm
Great post! This is a wonderful recipe!
20.
Katie | October 31, 2011 at 7:28 am
Hi! I am also a resident of Philadelphia and just read about your blog on Design Sponge. I am thrilled to read a blog that is aesthetically pleasing AND well-written. New to the blogging scene, I have had a hard time doing both well. Thanks for the inspiration and encouragement! I’ll be back.
21.
Sush | January 5, 2012 at 9:41 pm
Wow, this was SO good and I don’t care for squash! Be sure to plan ahead, the grains take that long, our dinner was late, but it was worth it. I got the Orange Muscat Champagne Vinegar from TJ’s, you MUST not substitute, not expensive either! It makes the flavor what it is, I briefly marinated chicken breast in a little of that as well as olive oil and sesame seed oil then fried it in a little oil. I thin sliced it and added to salad served at room temp. Added craisins. Served it with fresh bean sprouts, cashews, and French’s crisp fried onlons on the side, amazingly tasty.
22.
Norma Chang | January 16, 2012 at 8:56 pm
Love your writing. Beautiful photos. Very clear and easy to follow cooking instructions. I think I have all the ingredients to make this salad.
23.
under the skies of arkansas | December 24, 2012 at 1:44 pm
mmmmmm looks tasty and ill bet itll clean the innards a bit too
24.
Mary | January 26, 2014 at 3:38 pm
I love both squash and wheat berries. I am happy to have this on my list of lunches to make!
25.
Family History Oz | May 3, 2014 at 2:33 pm.
26.
KerkhoffCom | May 21, 2014 at 2:02 pm
Although maximum site owners are familiar with these concepts, but they may lack the expertise to do it the
correctly. A VPN creates an encrypted connection to a third-party server, and all
your Internet traffic is routed through that server.
A internet marketing business, in a nutshell, a business that’s designed to run on
the internet via a website.
27. | May 28, 2014 at 2:35 pm. However Yahoo marketing and
other pay per click search engines offer some excellent traffic at a more reasonable
price. It’s probably some mix of the two, so I have to give him props for not going too
far in either direction.
28.
kursi kantor donati | August 20, 2014 at 9:09 am
Thanks for finally talking about >Warm Winter Whole Grain Salad | Straight from the Farm <Liked it!American Spectrum Realty, Inc. (“ASR”) (NYSE AMEX: AQQ), a real estate investment and management company headquartered in Houston, announced today that The Company plans to cut over $1.2 million in expenses by the end of the 3 rd quarter 2011.
ASR and its management company, American Spectrum Realty Management, LLC (“ASRM”), have meticulously examined their operations in order to eliminate duplicate responsibilities between its Houston and California offices. As part of this effort to reduce redundancy, The Company has consolidated its two accounting divisions into one department and relocated it to the Irvine, CA office. The plan also includes seventeen job cuts, the majority of which have already been completed. The Company intends to implement the remainder of these cost-cutting changes throughout the month of September..Freedom integrity he would resign today. On his watch the United Nations was host to perhaps the largest corruption scandal in history. This scandal went all the way to the top of the organization and into his own family. But don’t expect genuine accountability.
The oil-for-food program — designed to allow Iraq to trade oil for food and medicine during a period of economic sanctions imposed after the first gulf war — was run so corruptly, according to the commission Volcker headed, that Saddam Hussein managed to pocket about $1.7 billion in kickbacks, and his regime captured some $11 billion in oil-smuggling profits.
Benon Sevan, former head of the oil-for-food program and a close Annan associate, is accused of receiving about $150,000 in bribes. He has resigned but has gone to his home country of Cyprus to avoid facing the music. A former U.N. procurement officer has pleaded guilty to wire fraud and money laundering, and another faces similar charges. Volcker’s report cites lax procedures at nine U.N. agencies and an atmosphere of “waste, inefficiency, and corruption, even within the United Nations itself.”
While naming some second-level officials involved in corruption, the report stops short of finding outright personal corruption by Kofi Annan or other top officials, though it criticizes them for lax — well, pretty much invisible — oversight and responsible stewardship. Unfortunately, despite the efforts of John Bolton, the controversial U.S. ambassador, to capitalize on the scandal to pursue a few reforms in the direction of accountability, reform is unlikely.
“There may be cosmetic changes,” said Ted Carpenter, vice president of defense and foreign policy studies at the libertarian Cato Institute. “But corruption runs to the core of the institution.”
That’s not surprising, given that the U.N. is an association of governments, all of which are adept mostly at fleecing taxpayers and avoiding accountability. Being twice removed from any actual citizen who might have a chance to hold it accountable, the U.N. will solemnly promise to fix things, then continue on its merry way.
Perhaps the best we can hope for is that the institution will become so discredited that citizens pressure the U.S. government to stop funding the U.N. Even that seems unlikely, however.)
The First Academy
The South Carolina Police Academy was created in 1968 when a $30,000 LEAP (Law Enforcement Assistance Program) grant was awarded to the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division (SLED). Training at this new police academy was voluntary, devoid of monetary fees, four weeks in length, and held at SLED. In order to attend this training, the candidate must have already been employed by a law enforcement agency. The first class graduated from the South Carolina Police Academy in September of 1968.
Present Day Academy
Driving Range Circa 1974
In 1972, classes began at the Academy’s present site. There were only 186 beds and 260 classroom seats available at the Academy. A 1.3 mile precision driving range was added in 1974. In 1976 a log cabin bank was donated to the Academy and placed on the range. During 1977/78, additions to the range included a repair garage and a classroom. Also in the late 1970’s, several buildings were donated to the Academy by Ft. Jackson and were utilized as a practical problems village.
The Practical Problems Village
Garage
In 1974, legislation facilitated the creation of the Criminal Justice Academy’s Hall of Fame. In 1980, the Academy opened the doors of the Hall of Fame, which serves as a law enforcement museum. After closing for renovation in 1999, a refurbished (and re-named) Hall of Fame opened in January 2001 as The Law Enforcement Officers’ Hall of Fame.
Law Enforcement Officers’ Hall of Fame
Additional Dorm
In 1979, additions to the Academy facilities included a three-story dormitory wing and two-story office building. The two-story office building contained a library and a teaching courtroom. In the early 1980’s the Academy firearms range was completed, to include a shotgun range, rifle deck, and covered firing points with electronically controlled targets for handgun training. Also, in order to accommodate the needs of purchasing, printing, and graphic arts operations, a 5,000 square foot pre-engineered maintenance support building was erected in 1983.
Indoor Firearms Range
The first Law Enforcement Task Analysis was developed and implemented in 1985 and subsequent task analyses have been based on this first initiative. Job-Task Analyses for mandated training were conducted and completed by the Instructional Standards and Support Section. These analyses included those for Basic Law Enforcement Certification Training, Basic Jail Certification training and E-911 Emergency Telecommunications Operator Training. It should be noted that the E-911 Emergency Telecommunications Operator Training job-task analysis was the first of its type ever conducted in the State of South Carolina. All three analyses were delivered to the Academy Administration on June 30, 2005. The next series of mandated training job-task analyses are due June 30, 2010.
Several changes to the physical facilities of the Academy were implemented between 1987 and 1989. Another 5,000 square foot pre-engineered building was constructed to house purchasing, printing and graphic arts operations, the dining area was increased by 4,000 square feet; a studio, microwave tower, and equipment building were built, as well as an Automobile Accident Reconstruction Building, which was later converted into a DATA Center for the Academy in 1991-92.
In FY 1988-89, revisions to the Training Act enacted a mandatory continued training provision whereby officers’ certification cards expire every three years and a specific number of in-service training hours are required during the three-year certification cycle. In 1989-90, the Academy constructed a microwave tower and a television studio and equipment building to offer teleconferencing classes to facilitate continuous specialized and in-service training through ETV and DIRM Micro-wave systems.
In 1991 the Department of Youth Services donated additional land to the Criminal Justice Academy to begin the first phase of a parking lot that would eventually accommodate approximately 300 vehicles.
On January 1, 1992, the Criminal Justice Academy was accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Occupational Education Institute which ultimately gave way to and was replaced by accreditation by CALEA (Commission on Accreditation for Law Enforcement Academies) in 1998.
The Skid Pad
In 1993-94, Government Re-structuring was implemented and the Academy became a Division of the new Department of Public Safety. In 1996 Data Master Certification and Recertification was assumed by CJA (from SLED) to train/certify over 4,000 officers at the time. A skid pad and the Firearms Training Systems (FATS) were added to the range complex.
DataMaster Classroom
FATS
The CJA web page was developed and made available on-line in FY 1999-2000, entrance standards were developed for pre-employment assessment and a computer lab was equipped and networked to assess web-based training, on-line registration and self-paced training.
In FY 2000-2001, the Academy was awarded a grant for Advanced Drug Enforcement Distance Learning which enabled establishment of two interactive distance learning classrooms and computer labs to initiate the beginning of optional distance learning training delivery. Upstate and Low country regional training sites were established at Greenville Tech and Horry/Georgetown Tech, which would later expand to include York County Sheriff’s Office, Greenville County Sheriff’s Office, Anderson County Sheriff’s Office, Sumter County Sheriff’s Office, Mt. Pleasant Police Department, Myrtle Beach Police Department, &_Laurens Police Department. A new disciplinary action procedure was developed for officers terminated for misconduct. Also in 2000-2001, installation of a security system was initiated and ultimately activated in 2002-2003. The Target System on Weapons Range #1 was replaced; to be followed by renovation and rewiring of the target systems on Range #4 and Range #2, respectively, in 2003-2004.
The Distance Learning Lab
In FY 2003-2004 a new Basic Law Enforcement Student Manual was developed and the Physical Abilities Test (PAT) procedure was approved and implemented. Research, data collection and proposal for an alternative funding source was initiated.
In FY 2004-2005 Distance Learning Satellite Site Assessments were conducted at 5 locations: Piedmont Technical College, Mount Pleasant PD, Newberry County PD, Jasper County Sheriff’s Office and Charleston County Sheriff’s Office Detention Center.
In FY 2006, Regional training sites continued to be researched and implemented to accommodate and expand advanced and specialized training opportunities, and legislation was introduced and passed to separate the South Carolina Criminal Justice Academy from the Department of Public Safety and to re-establish it as a separate agency. In 2007, the Law Enforcement Training Council was appointed, re-established and oversight implemented. A thorough, complete and detailed vision plan was developed and adopted by anticipation of the increasing current and future training needs to include classrooms, dormitories, and food service facilities.
The Village
FY 2008 involved a detailed review, evaluation and re-focusing of priorities and re-organization of programs, staffing, delivery and facilities to support the great demand for training. Capital projects were again established as priority and special ear-marked funding approved.
FY 2009 kicked off as a landmark year and one of transition in the history and evolution of the Criminal Justice Academy. Plans to construct a “Village Complex” with facilities to exclusively support and facilitate all Basic Law Enforcement classes were completed, staffing initiated and implementation begun as a result of the approved funding. FY 2010 continued the momentum started in the previous year as ground was broken in February and construction began on the new “Village Complex”. Simultaneously other capital improvement projects got underway to begin roof replacement and office renovation within the main building of the current facility. Planning and development began in the expansion and upgrade of the Basic Law Enforcement Training program to 12 weeks (from 9) to hopefully coincide with the opening of the Village Complex in anticipation of an early completion in December 2010. On-going effort in the transition and conversion to an upgraded law enforcement training automation system, implemented in 2008, was refocused and prioritized after being delayed by budget and technology issues encountered as CJA technology was separated from the Department Public Safety. Ironically, budget cuts continued to be a reality in the state, at CJA and at the local law enforcement agencies as law enforcement jobs declined or were not filled and the demand for training eased in this period of economic recession.
Disclaimer
Feedback
WebmasterRichard Beyer
Ivar Feeding the Gulls
1988
LOCATION
Madison Street and Alaskan Way
In front of Ivar's Acres of Clams
FUNDING SOURCE
Gift to the city of Seattle
Located on the Seattle waterfront, near the iconic local restaurant Ivar's Acres of Clams, is a playful cast bronze and aluminum sculpture of the eatery's founder and Seattle personality, the late Ivar Haglund. Donated by a group of his friends whose names are engraved on the back of the captain's chair, the statue shows Ivar feeding french fries to sea gulls. One of the gulls looks curiously under the chair at a clam running away on little legs, a reference to the comical and regionally famous dancing clams featured in Ivar's commercials. The welcoming chair and broad backs of the oversized gulls invite people to interact with the sculpture, adding an amusing participative quality to this quirky piece that commemorates a quintessentially Northwest character.VIA looks to be counting down to launch of Atom competitor
Return of quad-core, low-power, Isaiah prophesied
It's easy to forget that Taiwanese outfit Via is the world's third maker of x86 CPUs, because the company only ever won a tiny slice of the market and hasn't released anything new for ages.
But the company looks to be stirring. Back in July, rumours circulated of an update to the company's Isaiah CPUs after Via reportedly mentioned new product at the InfoComm 2014 trade show. A test of what looks like a new Via processor has since popped up on Siosoftware.
Another clue that something is afoot may well be the countdown clock on Centtech.com, the website of Via's CPU subsidiary Centaur Technology.
Rumours suggest the new Isaiah is a quad-core, very low power CPU it is hoped will compete with Intel's Atom in mobile devices.
If those reports are true, Via is probably hoping that Intel's efforts to lure phone and fondleslab manufacturers away from ARM create some competitive tension it can cash in on. There's also increasing demand for low-powered x86s in server-land, as NEC's latest effort attests.
We'll keep an eye on the countdown and if new x86ery emerges, will be sure to let you know. ®
Sponsored: Transform Your IT InfrastructureHenrik Lundqvist of the Rangers played the puck away from the Flyers' Daniel Briere. (Photo by Len Redkoles/NHLI via Getty Images)
Ken Campbell
2010-08-16 11:35:00.
What I got were a lot of soccer goalkeepers doing very stupid things. I watched Marc-Andre Fleury fall face-first after stepping on the ice during the 2008 Stanley Cup final. Heh-heh. I saw Keith Ballard take a baseball swing at his own goalie’s head. Then I watched, ‘Cat goes nuts over paper towel roll,’ which led to 15 minutes I’ll never get back as I witnessed innocent pranks go horribly wrong.
Even in TSN’s Top 10 NHL Goaltending Gaffes, only four of them were a result of goalies misplaying the puck outside the crease.
The point is, the notion we have that goalies are a bunch of ham-handed morons when it comes to playing the puck might not be so accurate. It probably happens a lot less than we think it does, but, like the Grape Lady on YouTube, it can lead to spectacular results.
Those who espouse the notion of removing the trapezoid often argue that allowing goalies to handle the puck will lead to more goals because they’re so bad at it. To be sure, some of them are, but the NHL established the trapezoid in the first place because so many goaltenders had become so adept at handling the puck that the league thought they were killing offensive opportunities..
And who’s to say it wouldn’t lead to more scoring opportunities? Have you seen the way some of the goalies can pass the puck these days? Imagine Martin Brodeur or Rick DiPietro retrieving the puck from the corner and launching a long bomb two-thirds of the way up the ice to spring a teammate for a breakaway. Or, imagine an opponent batting the puck down before it leaves the defensive zone and having a tap-in on an unguarded net.
Either way, something interesting is bound to happen.
The fact is, the speed at which the game is played and the constant flow of the play would not be greatly impacted by allowing goalies to play the puck and there would be a number of benefits to allowing it.
First of all, the post-lockout NHL has made icons of predatory hitters such as Colby Armstrong and Jordin Tootoo, who live for nothing more than the opportunity to chase down a defenseman who is retrieving the puck or a forward who is curling around the net with his head down and knock him senseless.
You want to get rid of a lot of the headshots that have become so controversial without actually instituting a headshot rule? Then allow the goalies to play the puck outside the trapezoid and give them the protection to avoid being bulldozed while doing it. Incidental contact is one thing; skating from two zones away to make a guy one with the rinkboard advertising is quite another. There’s a clear distinction there and the guys at the NHL are smart enough to figure it out.
And really, how fair is it to inhibit goaltenders from playing the puck anyway? Knowing how valuable a skill it is, many young goalies have honed the craft of puckhandling and made it an essential part of their skill package. Why should they be penalized for doing so?
And isn’t prohibiting a goalie from playing the puck tantamount to stopping defensemen from blocking shots? The next time you watch a game and wonder why the score is 1-0 in the third period, watch closely how many shots don’t even reach the net because uber-protected players are bravely throwing themselves in front of slapshots.
And if the league is so worried about offense and game flow, there are a host of other rule changes that could be made to offset the removal of the trapezoid.
For example, ever wondered why it’s perfectly legal for a player to make a hand pass to a teammate as long as he’s in the defensive zone, but not the neutral or offensive zones? Either abolish hand passes in all zones and put the faceoff at the dot nearest to the infraction or allow them in all three zones. Simple.. And the results might be a whole lot more entertaining than watching a feline chase around an empty roll of toilet paper.
I mean, it was kind of entertaining and all, but…
This article originally appeared in the Feb. 22, 2010 edition of The Hockey News magazine.Jan 23, 2014 11:04 AM EST
Jacob Coker Transfer to Alabama Immanent; FSU Releases QB From Scholarship
Florida State University (FSU) Seminoles backup quarterback Jacob Coker has been granted release from his scholarship and will reportedly transfer to the University of Alabama.
Coker, a redshirt sophomore this season, is eligible to graduate in the spring, but will pursue a graduate degree. Coker's former high school football coach, Steve Mask, told AL.com the QB will not lose a year of eligibility and could potentially play for two years at Alabama.
Mask, head football coach at St. Paul's High School in Mobile, Ala., also said Crimson Tide head coach Nick Saban has visited Coker's home and that an official university visit will happen soon.
"He's a recruitable guy," Saban told reporters in Mobile, where the Senior Bowl is being played. "We can't talk about anybody that we might be recruiting."
Coker's hometown is Mobile and he grew up a Crimson Tide fan, he even played with AJ McCarron at St. Paul's and was recruited by the University of Alabama. This time, although he could not talk about it, Saban appears he will get to coach Coker after all.
After losing the starting QB position at FSU to Jameis Winston, Coker will have another opportunity to win a wide-open QB vacancy left by McCarron. Winston went on to win the Heisman Trophy as well as lead the Seminoles to win the National Championship, so it would be safe to say that is why Coker chose to transfer.
At Alabama, other QBs competing for the starting position will be Blake Sims, McCarron's backup in 2013, Alec Morris, Cooper Bateman and Parker McLeod. With Lane Kiffin taking over as offensive coordinator, each will have a fresh start of sorts, but the offensive scheme will more than likely remain pro-style. Coker, probably Alabama's best fit, also got a vote of confidence from an unexpected person.
Get Our FREE Newsletters
"Jacob is the only person I know that can throw off one leg better than anyone else," Winston told AL.com earlier this month. "When you see him at practice, he loves to throw and he just had surgery on his knee. Jacob is a great athlete, 6-4, 6-5 and 230, me personally I think Jacob can go anywhere and start in any program."Definitions
Sorry, no definitions found.
Etymologies
Sorry, no etymologies found.
Examples
He slouched, trying not to look like the straw-haired juggler who'd stalled the mark while Benny the Dip snagged his fat money clip.
The straw-haired young man's face exploded into a smile.
The straw-haired young man sprinted across the ledge to the row of shrubs and disappeared.
First, a straw-haired human with his head bowed down strode out of City Hall.
The straw-haired man flailed desperately at the dragon's swishing tail.
Set - tling himself on the centaur's lifelike, chocolate-brown - haired back, the straw-haired young man waited for the ride to fill up with dwarves so that it could begin..
Mommy, Why is Jesus winking at me?: James Wolcott
He hired Kenny to protect Rig while he paid a visit to the "straw-haired" girl.
In lonely celebration he makes a date at the local brothel with a young “straw-haired” girl.
Cliff was a large straw-haired boy with a hard jaw and musclepacked body.
Log in or sign up to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.New Sportsbook.ag customers: Make your 1st bet, get your 2nd bet free, 100%, winnings paid in cash.Join Now
Already have an account? Click here to view new Exclusive Rewards!
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) - Hitting coach Jim Eppard and bench coach Rob Picciolo will not return to the Los Angeles Angels next season.
Eppard became the Angels' hitting coach early in the 2012 season. Picciolo had been Scioscia's bench coach for three seasons.
The Angels missed the playoffs for the fourth straight season despite one of the majors' largest payrolls. Los Angeles finished 78-84, its lowest win total in a decade.
Owner Arte Moreno has made no public statements about the fate of Scioscia and Dipoto, his second-year GM.
Scioscia is under contract until 2018. He is the longest-tenured manager in baseball with 14 seasons.Distance from Jefferson City to Trenton
Distance is 1509 kilometers or 938 miles or 815 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Jefferson City and Trenton
- Location for Jefferson City
- Location for Trenton
Heading from Jefferson City
See other cities near Jefferson City
Calculate distance from Jefferson City to another location
Heading from Trenton
See other cities near Trenton
Calculate distance from Trenton to another location
Find distance between other locations
Local time comparison
Other time conversions
- Convert time between Jefferson City and Trenton
- Find suitable time to call between Jefferson City-  ‘where there’s a will there’s a way’, but if you don’t yet have a will, what way do you have for making sure your final wishes are carried out?
We’re offering a professional will writing service for just £14, or a mirror will writing service for you and your partner for £19, saving you up to 91% off Carter Westwood’s regular prices.
Making a will can seem a little daunting, but if you have assets then it’s the only way to see that they go exactly where you want them to. The service will consist of two 60-minute appointments, which can take place at your home or over the telephone. The initial session will include the chance for you to ask any questions and have the process explained to you. After this, you will be given time to go away and consider what you want from your will. During the second appointment, the qualified will writers will make a record of your wishes in full - if you're planning a family then a mirror will could be perfect for you and your partner. Carter Westwood are members of The Society of Will Writers and Estate Planning Practitioners, so you can rest assured that you’re in safe hands. Don’t leave your assets to fate - if you’re willing and able to plan ahead then go on over to the ‘Buy’ button now!
The deal can also entitle you to a Wowcher Wallet Credit. Click here for more info.Related Pins
Rue Magazine (November/December 2010). Designed by Angela Stone. Photographed by Emily Anderson.
old door makes backing, mirror makes focal point; old table makes lower shelf and old single shelf makes top
12 Great Ideas for Upcycling Old Doors
Sofa door-upcycle idea I can add an organic mattress and pillows to this all FREE of chemical flame retardants
Vintage sliding barn door as bath entry. Find your next salvage door at Renaissance Consignment & Marketplace at 6801 Cahaba Valley Road, Birmingham, AL 35242. Can't stop by? Give us a call at 205.980.4471.
Old door used as decor. Find your next salvage door at Renaissance Consignment & Marketplace at 6801 Cahaba Valley Road, Birmingham, AL 35242. Can't stop by? Give us a call at 205.980.4471.
I like the starkness of this black rustic desk and hutch surround my the bare white walls. It's masculine, modern and nostalgic all at the same time.
Created from an old wooden door which comes laden with strategically placed hinges and a custom-fitted steel frame that allows the table/door to be shut and opened at will. The Italian design house Mano Teca has really surprised everyone with this Indoor Vintage Table/Desk/Door. Now the other advantage is when you close the door, it becomes a big dining table and can easily let eight people to dine at a time. Crafted from reclaimed and repurposed material..
furniture, Simple Home Office Desk Design For Private Space Room Design Ideas With Repurposed Door Desk Design Ideas For Home Office Furniture Ideas: Inspiring Home Office Desk Design in Private Space Room
made with an old door, writing desk, working table and dining table for 8 persons
Cool Table Made from a Vintage Door. If you love this vintage door transformed into a table/desk,Video footage has emerged of the moments after two young women were arrested in Peru on suspicion of drug trafficking.
Melissa Reid, 19, from Lenzie near Glasgow, and Michaella McCollum Connolly, 20, who had been living in Belfast but has an Irish passport, were arrested in Lima a week ago while trying to board a flight to Madrid.
The National Police of Peru said they found more than 24lb of cocaine - thought to be worth around £1.5 million (1.7 million euro) - hidden in food in the luggage of the two women.
In the online video, Ms Reid is questioned by a police interviewer and is heard to say: "I was forced to take these bags in my luggage."
When asked if she knew they contained drugs, the 19-year-old said: "I did not know okay, but are obviously worried about their families and what the future holds for them. Like anyone else involved in drug smuggling, they will be tried and face long prison sentences if convicted. We take this problem very seriously here in Peru and courts are very strict about the enforcement of the law."alian-American cuisine was born more than a century ago, as immigrants from southern Italy—mainly Apulia, Sicily, and Campania—began arriving in New York City in droves and quickly took stock of what ingredients were available for cooking purposes. Nowhere to be seen was the plethora of cured-pork products like pancetta and prosciutto that many had been accustomed to flavoring their sauces with. Instead, mountains of cheap ground beef beckoned in German butcher shops. How could it be incorporated into the southern Italian canon? And so the meatball was born, a symbol of culinary creativity and adaptation in the New World.
Arriving via Naples, sojourners also brought pizza with them. But how they transformed it! Instead of the meager pita with a blob of cheese it once was, suddenly the girth began to skyrocket, and the pies became heaped with an opulence of ingredients appropriate to the new circumstance in which the immigrants found themselves. When French bread was popularized in the '20s, they adapted the demi-baguette to create the Italian hero, and civilization has never been the same. But pasta remained their favorite food, available in myriad shapes in dried form from the old country and ready to be richly sauced with tomatoes, garlic, and cheese.
Nowadays, the heavy-on-the-red version of southern Italian cuisine that New York is famous for is on the skids, as lighter and more "natural" central Italian cooking styles—sometimes known as "Tuscan"—have become standard in most Italian restaurants. That sort of bare-bones plate presentation—say, a single vegetable with a sprig of fresh rosemary—might be perfect for the city's summer months, but don't you crave something heavier and lustier once autumn rolls around? Following are some of the best places in town to cop authentic and venerable examples of Italian-American cooking.
Stepping inside the house under the BQE in Williamsburg where Bamonte's (32 Withers Street, Brooklyn, 718-384-8831) sits is like returning to 1900, when the place was founded on the crest of a wave of immigrants from Nola, Italy, just west of Naples. You can still spot beehive hairdos in the timeworn bar as you pass through on the way to the dining room. Most of the patrons don't live in the neighborhood anymore, but trek here from Jersey and Long Island. In the dining chamber, find waiters clad like penguins in tuxedos, lots of heavy napery, busts of Roman gods, and a brilliantly lit open kitchen at the far end, reportedly the first in the country. It was supposedly created so mobsters could make sure nobody was fuggin' with their food.
The wine list has evolved over the years to include great bottles at reasonable prices, but the food remains staunchly old school and often terrific. Look for the standards: baked clams oreganata, tasting of the ocean and heaped with herbed bread crumbs; eggplant rollatini oozing ricotta cheese; thick pork chops decorated with vinegary hot peppers; and—a dish that certainly originated in New York but has become popular worldwide—spaghetti and meatballs. You get two ground-meat globes, whose blandness contrasts nicely with the zestiness of the house tomato sauce, which must be tapped from giant vats on the roof. For dessert, consider the freshly filled cannoli.
A meatball's throw away, but much less well known, is Frost Restaurant (193 Frost Street, Brooklyn, 718-389-3347), a bunker of a place in the middle of a Williamsburg neighborhood where many of the immigrants came from Teggiano, a hardscrabble town in the southern reaches of Campania. The baked pastas are scrumptious, including manicotti (remember Mrs. Manicotti, the upstairs neighbor on The Honeymooners?), lasagna, ravioli, and ziti Sicilian style, which includes tender little chunks of eggplant and enough mozzarella to fill a bathtub. In a similar island vein (but probably really from Calabria) is half-chicken Siciliana, which is spicier than you thought Italian food could ever be.
The East Village has its own retro-red-sauced holdout in the form of John's of 12th Street (302 East 12th Street, 212-475-9531), a darkened den of daters with a humongous guttering white candle dominating the back room. Ignore the newfangled vegan menu and go, once again, for the eggplant rollatini: two large ricotta-filled humps side by side with an entire plate of spaghetti—the entrée could feed two. Need some veggies? The sautéed broccoli rabe has enough garlic to give you stinky breath for a week. Prosciutto and melon is another good bet here, proving that cured-ham products finally did arrive in this formerly Italian East Village neighborhood.
For more Sicilian action, traipse up to Umbertos Clam House (2356 Arthur Avenue, Bronx, 718-220-2526) in the Bronx's Little Italy, more often known as Belmont or Arthur Avenue, after its main thoroughfare. This restaurant specializes in seafood—mainly shrimp, squid, conch, clams, and other crustaceans. Sometimes, these creatures are accompanied by, not pasta or bread, but hard biscuits, which might cause you to scratch your head and wonder why. (It was probably a dining habit learned from the island's seafarers.) There are also seafood stews and soups galore, a nice lobster ravioli, and especially good meatballs in a charming nautical setting with outdoor seating.
Sponsor ContentBook your room at Classical Plaza Hotel
Business Room, 1 Queen BedMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
Superior Room, 2 Single BedsMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Deluxe Room, 2 Single BedsMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Classic Room, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Classic Suite, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
4.5-star hotel with 3 restaurants and bars/lounges
Collect 200 points
Simply enter your Nectar card number when prompted. Your points will be credited 30 days after you return from your trip.*Offers may apply
Location
Situated in Foshan, this hotel is within 9 mi (15 km) of Renshou Temple, New Plaza Stadium, and Zu Miao. Nanhai Wetland Park and Foshan Century Lotus Stadium are also within 12 mi (20 km).
Hotel Features
Along with 3 restaurants, this hotel has 2 bars/lounges and a fitness center. WiFi in public areas is free. Other amenities include a rooftop terrace, 24-hour room service, and a business center.
Room Amenities
All 158 rooms feature thoughtful touches like bathrobes and slippers, along with conveniences such as refrigerators and coffee makers. Guests will also find free WiFi, free wired Internet, and 24-hour room service.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us! business-friendly
- Conference space size (meters) - 5705
- Number of meeting rooms - 11
- Free grocery shopping service
- Number of restaurants - 3
- Conference space size (feet) - 61386
Family Friendly Amenities
- Free Wi-Fi
- Rollaway/extra beds available
-
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Cribs/infant beds available
- Flat-panel TV
- Free WiFi
- Free wired high-speed Internet
- Room service (24 hours).00 per person (approximately)
- Deposit: CNY 2000.00 per stayFelt a tad snappy, tho i suppose its the least travelled line on the clean wall. The really steeply overhanging choss crack in the centre of the far right wall looked entertaining - is that the XS 6a?Dave Warburton - Solo O/S - 10/Sep/13
Robin Nichols - Solo O/S - 10/Aug/12
Worked out the start after 3 or 4 goes. Did the bit from the ledge onsight.Jack00 - Solo - 16/Jun/08
Brown - Lead O/S - 20/Oct/05 with Rob Glenduning
Hidden - Lead O/S - 09/Aug/05Media Alert: GOP Repeal and Replace Plan Will Be Devastating to California
Media Alert: GOP Repeal and Replace Plan Will Be Devastating to California. Below are highlights of the GOP plan. Republicans want to:
- Cut Medi-Cal by $20 billion or more out of a $100 billion program in California, undermining care for kids, people with disabilities, and seniors.
- Weakens the Medi-Cal expansion: Starting 2020, states would no longer receive the enhanced match for the Medi-Cal expansion populations rather states would receive the traditional match rate. For those enrolled prior to 2020, states would continue to receive the enhanced rate only if there is no break in coverage for longer than one month. Yet, the GOP plan also institutes more onerous enrollment burdens, which could easily result in people losing coverage. Combined these changes will result in a loss of continuous coverage for millions.
- Institute Drastic Cuts to Medi-Cal by requiring states to move to a per-capita cap financing system or a limit on federal spending for each Medi-Cal enrollee. This structure minimizes the flexibility of states to expand the program to new populations or to respond to changes in health care costs due to unforeseen factors such as higher prescription drug costs, increases in the prevalence of chronic disease or the adoption of new health care technology.
- Repeal ACA Cost-Sharing and Tax Credit Subsidies, replacing income-based assistance with a new Patient and State Stability Fund that provides states with flexibility to decide whether or how they will continue to provide financial assistance to their enrollees moving forward.
- Creates a new fine on individuals with a break in coverage, starting in 2019, enrollees in the individual market, including those with pre-existing conditions, would be required to maintain continuous coverage or pay a penalty. Individuals who go longer than 63 days without coverage would be assessed a 30% late enrollment surcharge on top of their base premiums for a full year. This provision would apply to enrollees during special enrollment starting in 2018.
- Eliminate Essential Health Benefits requirements in Medi-Cal, removing the protection and subsequent federal funding that helps to ensure Medi-Cal enrollees can access a broad range of health care services including mental health, substance use disorder, and preventive services.
- Repeal funding for the Prevention and Public Health Trust Fund (PPHTF) which provides support for community based prevention efforts, including controlling tobacco use, promoting healthy eating and active living, and providing communities with vital resources for immunizations. California stands to lose over $300 million in prevention funding over the next 5 years.
The California Pan-Ethnic Health Network (CPEHN) believes all people deserve access to affordable health care. Any new health care plan needs to provide the same coverage (or better) to the same number of people (or more) at the same or better price. The Republican plan does none of these things, and in fact would do the opposite, eliminating coverage for millions of low-income Californians, and eliminating ACA affordable coverage not just for policyholders, but potentially for people with employer sponsored health care as well.
The CPEHN staff is available for interviews and background on the effects of the proposed plans on Californians.
Christina Ricci
Christina@promediaedge.com
(510) 402.8757
Sarah de Guia, JD
Executive Director, California Pan-Ethnic Health Network
P: (510) 832-1160 // F: (510) 832-1175 C: (916) 205-0860
sdeguia@cpehn.org
Cary Sanders
Director Policy Analysis, California Pan-Ethnic Health Network
P: (510) 832-1160 ext. 306// C: (510) 508-3653
csanders@cpehn.orgBy clicking "continue", I affirm that I legally own this business or that I am an authorized representative of this business.
House of Yakitori
(719) 667 7300
3338 Austin Bluffs Pkwy Colorado Springs CO 80918
Category: Restaurant
Alcohol Served: No
Dress: Casual
Meals Served: Lunch, Dinner
Reservations: Unavailable
Take-out: Yes
Type of Food: Japanese
hoursSo, where were we? Right, I had just driven to Lowes and back to return and buy back the same seven 5 inch, IC rated, remodel cans, and Steve was drilling holes in the ceiling. We added five cans along the long side and two along the short side, in an L shape. Because of […]
Posts Tagged ‘remodel’
Let there be (more) light, part 2
Posted in Before & After, Building, Designing, tagged lighting cans, reading light, recessed lighting, remodel on November 28, 2013 | Leave a Comment »
Those people are CRAZY
Posted in Building, Designing, tagged bathroom design, Kitchen design, remodel, whole house fan on January 11, 2011 | 4 Comments »
Ken the Plumber made a confession to Steve last weekend that confirmed everything we’ve suspected all along. “When I first came out here,” Ken said, “I didn’t understand what you guys were doing at all. The reclaimed wood, the old beadboard – I just didn’t get it. But actually it’s looking really great.” Steve said, […]
Show & tell
Posted in Building, tagged family, friends, remodel, Russian River Schoolhouse, show and tell on January 7, 2011 | 2 Comments »
We […] […]Only 11 landlords reported in Scottish leasing crackdown
A major scheme to tackle the problem of rogue landlords in Scotland has only seen 11 people reported over the past two years.
The Scottish Landlord Registration Scheme was set up in 2006 and since its inception has cost the taxpayer nearly £18 million but has so far yielded only a very small number of cases noted to the procurator fiscal.
On top of the 11 reported, there was just 40 individuals being rejected a registration compared against the 200,000 successful applicants that were put on to the system.
Alex Johnstone MSP, Scottish Conservative housing spokesman, said: “This scheme was set up to root out the kind rogue landlords that have no place in the industry, but so far it has cost over £400,000 for every landlord who has been refused registration.”
A number of councils across the UK have been keen to take action against rogue landlords with the likes Cambridge, Sheffield and Bolton all announcing new initiatives to stop the problem.
Prepare for the challenges of becoming a landlord with Landlords Insurance from Discount Landlord.NEWARK, N.J. -- A New Jersey woman who police say injected a man's penis with silicone, resulting in his death, has been charged with manslaughter.
The Essex County prosecutor's office says 34-year-old also faces charges for the unauthorized practice of medicine. She was arrested yesterday and is being held on $75,000 bail. It's unclear if she has a lawyer. No telephone listing could be found for her home in East Orange.House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi joined a group of about 200 people at a rally in Los Angeles on Sunday, calling for continued federal funding to help combat poverty in the U.S.
Organizers of the #EndChildPoverty rally, which was held outside of a community center in South Los Angeles, said California has the highest rate of child poverty nationwide. They said they believe that federal funding to help combat the issue is under attack.
Rep. Barbara Lee, a Democrat from California, called it a "moral outrage that in the richest nation on earth, so many of our children are still living in poverty."
"It is wrong, and it is un-American," she said. "Shame on us."
Pelosi urged President Donald Trump not to slash funding that would help impoverished children and families. Pelosi was also joined by Rep. John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat, Rep. Karen Bass, a Democrat whose district includes parts of Los Angeles, and several other local elected officials. She pointed to Trump's comments about last week's chemical weapons attack that killed men, women and children in Syria.
"If you care about the children in Syria, and we all do, let that concern for all of the children in Syria be a message to us to care for all of the children in the world," Pelosi said. "If you have a budget that cuts meeting the needs of children in poverty in America, that is not a statement of our values."
In addition to decrying any cuts to federal funding, attendees also called attention to legislation in California that would provide cash assistance and benefits to low-income families.Mayor lauds business community’s recovery
The newly built Hoo’s Q barbecue restaurant was built on the lot that previously housed Mike & Ed’s barbecue, which was destroyed in the April 27, 2011, tornado.Dusty Compton | Tuscaloosa News
Published: Saturday, April 27, 2013 at 3:30 a.m.
Last Modified: Friday, April 26, 2013 at 11:11 p.m.
TUSCALOOSA | Customers inside the new Krispy Kreme on McFarland Boulevard can stand along a glass wall and watch doughnuts being made at a rate of up to 270 dozen an hour.
Or they could glance outside, where a different type of progress is occurring.
Across McFarland, construction workers are finishing the $100 million Lofts of City Center, a new project that mixes student housing with some small shops and restaurants. It stands where the former Wood Square Shopping Center once stood. Up the street stands the new Mattress King, and a few doors down is a new CVS pharmacy.
It’s all part of the rebuilding that has occurred during the past two years in the city’s tornado recovery zone.
There are other newly built businesses, including restaurants, a bank, gym and an oil change shop — all near 15th Street and McFarland, a major commercial artery for Tuscaloosa and an area some called ground zero after the April 27, 2011, tornado that in just six minutes altered the face of Tuscaloosa forever.
Two years later, there has been much progress, but scars remain.
Behind the Krispy Kreme and the new Full Moon Bar-B-Que are blocks of empty lots. A badly damaged and boarded-up gas station remains at the intersection of 15th and McFarland. Up 15th Street, just west of Forest Lake, a former medical clinic has yet to be torn down. All are reminders of the worst tragedy ever to hit Tuscaloosa.
The tornado destroyed 12 percent of the city, killed dozens, injured hundreds and left hundreds of millions of dollars in property damage.
In the weeks after the storm, ruins and debris marked the tornado’s path. A major clean-up got started almost immediately. Then in the weeks after the tornado, new construction began.
“I am very pleased where we are right now. In the last year, we have made extraordinary progress, and in the next two to three years, it will be amplified even further,” said Mayor Walt Maddox. “There were more than 360 businesses that were impacted (by the tornado), and a third of them did not conform with federal, state and local (building) codes.”
That posed a major challenge for rebuilding. Many of the heavily damaged buildings were more than 40 years old. They were grandfathered in when building codes changed and had not been required to upgrade. But when more than 50 percent of a building is destroyed, it cannot be restored to the way it was. By law, it has to be rebuilt to meet existing building codes.
Many affected business owners did not understand that. Maddox said one thing the city learned from the disaster was the need to have an ombudsman to help the business community to rebuild.
“We should have done a better job of communicating with them early on,” he said. “I believe that the things that could have been done differently, we are now doing and that is putting someone in charge of dealing with the business community.”
Last year, the city hired Brendan Moore as its development ombudsman to work with the businesses, particularly those building in the tornado recovery zone.
Some businesses locating in the recovery zone are new to the area, such as the Which Wich restaurant. Moore said that in the coming months there will be more, including more that are new to the market.
As for rebuilding in the recovery zone, the city of Tuscaloosa issued 333 commercial building permits between the tornado and mid-March 2013, Moore said. Those permits represent about $142 million worth of new construction.
But some destroyed businesses relocated outside the tornado zone. Big Lots and Hobby Lobby, two of the larger retailers lost in the storm, reopened in Northport, and Tuesday Morning plans to do the same later this year. All three were tenants in Wood Square Shopping Center, which was destroyed in the tornado.
La Rocca Nursing Home on 38th Street was damaged beyond repair. It is building a new facility at Capstone Village outside the tornado recovery zone.
Other businesses rebuilt but under new names. After the tornado destroyed the franchised Mike & Ed’s barbecue restaurant on 15th Street, its owner rebuilt as an independent barbecue restaurant, Hoo’s Q, which is planned to open today.
And some destroyed businesses, including restaurants like Milo’s, Chuck E. Cheese and Steak-Out, have not returned.
Officials at their corporate offices could not be reached for comment.
Other businesses, such as Spiller Furniture, which lost its store in Alberta, had other stores in the Tuscaloosa area to serve customers.
In looking at the business progress, Maddox said it is where he expected it to be two years later. But the progress has not yet peaked or plateaued, he said.
“The trajectory will be significant in what we will see in the years to come,” he said.
“I think you will see more good things coming in the area of McFarland and 15th Street in the next 12-15 months. There is more opportunity. I think you will see investors and developers coming into the area,” he said.
Alberta, whose business and residential areas took a heavy hit in the tornado, might take longer to fully redevelop.
Much of its infrastructure was destroyed or in need of major repair. Maddox said redevelopment there will be spurred once the state transportation department rebuilds the University Boulevard bridge over Kicker Road, which should be completed within the next two years.
“We have overcome so much and we are really poised with coming infrastructure improvements” to see that area redevelop commercially and residentially, he said.
“The future is extremely bright because we took the time to improve our infrastructure and do it right,” Maddox said. “We took the time to build it back and build it right and to do it with improved infrastructure that will help our community to be better and prosper for years to come.”
Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.If you like body art, the Blaisdell Exhibition Hall will be filled with it this weekend.
That’s where the Pacific Ink and Art Expo will be taking place.
The expo is expected to draw more than 20,000 people and close to 700 tattoo artists from around the world.
“We’re bringing these artists from all over the world to showcase how it started and where it is now,” said co-founder Danny Casler. “So we’re bridging the gap and creating an educational experience so that people understand that tattooing is this really beautiful creative ancient art and it’s really an experience.”
It’s happening Friday until 11 p.m., Saturday from noon to 11 p.m. and Sunday from noon to 7 p.m.It's Angie again !
Angie posed very nicely at the pond this morning and didn't need to be asked twice .
Rain on and off and very menacing skies this morning and not a good forecast for this afternoon . The regular Monday chores done this morning and I'm planning a visit to IKEA this afternoon .
Thanks so much for all your lovely comments on my Pinks yesterday I'm glad you liked them as much as me .
Hope it's a good day wherever you are and happy blipping !!Invite Freelancer to Project
You don't seem to have an active project at the moment. Why not Posting a project now? It's free!Post a project
gasghar89
gasghar89 Online Offline
I'm a very committed and loyal person and always tries to finish-up my job in-time.
- N/AJobs Completed
- N/AOn Budget
- N/AOn Time
- N/ARepeat Hire Rate
Recent Reviews
Experience
Customer Sales RepresentativeMay 2010 - Jan 2011 (8 months)
Dialed on STL, Auto Insurance, Home Security and our job was to make leads for them and the targeted market was USA.
Education
Bachelors of Sciences2009 - 2011 (2 years)
Certifications
Process Technology ( Refinery Operations )
It's a one-year diploma in petroleum technology.
My Top Skills
- Translation 0
- Internet Marketing 0
- Data Processing 0
- Data Entry 0
- Telemarketing 0
- Excel 0
- Sales 0
- Customer Support 0
- Marketing 0
- Advertising 0
- Freelance 0
- Virtual Assistant 0
- CRM 0
- Insurance 0
- Leads 0
- Chemical Engineering 0
- Video Upload 0
- Web Search 0
- Reviews 0
- Phone Support 0
- BPO 0
- Classifieds Posting 0
- Affiliate Marketing 0
- Petroleum Engineering 0
- Industrial Engineering 0PROGRESS MADE ON BRUSH FIRES
Two blazes near Ranchita burn almost 20,000 acres; evacuations continue, but threat to homes is fading
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-Since the initiation of the SLUG garden on campus, students have had the opportunity to stay over the summer and manage the garden production, development, harvest, and market. Interested students write an application sharing why they would like to be a part of the SLUG summer team. With the garden in full summer swing, the summer crew has a chance to develop, plan, and finish new projects in the garden.
This summer an enthusiastic bunch of ladies can be seen (and heard) jamming in the garden. Rather than introducing ourselves, we decided to introduce each other…
The ABC (DEFG)’s of Annica Mandeltort
Anthropology lover.
Beekeeping babe.
Crew and roller derby star.
Diva.
Ever print-making.
From Libertyville, Illinois.
Going to India soon.
Ring the alarm, it’s Polly Dalton!
Hailing from Hartford, Wisconsin, Polly Dalton run the world (SLUG). This diva studies government at Lawrence, is crazy in love with tennis and biking, and constantly shares her halo of knowledge with those willing to listen. This past year Polly enjoyed studying in Copenhagen, an irreplaceable part of her life she never fails to bring up in conversation because she is still in love with her experience there. She cannot help but countdown to the day she can return! Until then, Polly continues to bring joy to and shower love on top of SLUG with her bright smile, enthusiastic singing, and creative energy. When not collaborating with the rest of the SLUG team, she is jumpin’ jumpin’ on any new project she can get her hands on. Flaws and all, this suga mama is an inspiration for all those independent women out there!
CORINNE ‘Independent Woman’ KOCHER
WANTED FOR: Being a French-speakin’, Senegal-lovin’, garden-tamin’, government-studyin’, cello-playin’, coffee-drinkin’, feminist babe from Crown Point, Indiana.
REWARD: An endless supply of morning glories
and lots of TLC
If Good Times were Burdock Roots
(The Life of Martha Allen)
There once was SLUG lady from Kansas
Her smiles and kindness were famous
Jigging along while taking out burdock
and caring for our magical beanstalk
she lived her life with great zealousUPDATE: A 32-year-old Wilmington man was one of three fatalities Friday on area roads.
Aaron Royal died at about 1:45 p.m. after his motorcycle ran into a pickup on Green Meadows Drive in Wilmington, State Highway Patrol Trooper Alicia Elson said.
Royal was driving a 2005 Yamaha on Green Meadows when he tried to pass three other vehicles stopped in traffic. As he passed the vehicles, the motorcyclist struck a pickup truck that had begun to turn left into a business on the road, Elson said.
He was pronounced dead at the scene, she said.
Royal was wearing a helmet at the time of the crash, Elson said.
———————————————————————————-
An Ash man and two others were killed Friday in separate vehicle crashes on area roads, Highway Patrol officers said Monday.
Melvin Ray Hines, 58, from Ash died shor
tly after 4:30 p.m. Friday when he was ejected from the Suzuki motorcycle he was driving on U.S. 17 just north of Shallotte, N.C. Highway Patrol Trooper J.S. Ransom said.
Two others – a motorcyclist in New Hanover County and a motorist in Brunswick County – also died after vehicle crashes on Friday, Highway Patrol Sgt. Chris William said. Details about those deaths weren’t immediately available Monday.
On Friday afternoon in southern Brunswick County, Hines and his wife, Cheryl, who was riding behind her husband on the motorcycle, were thrown from the bike when it ran off the side of the road as the two traveled south on U.S. 17, Ransom said.
Hines was pronounced dead at the scene. His wife was taken to Brunswick Novant Medical Center, the trooper said. She was treated and released, according to hospital staff.
Both were wearing helmets, Ransom said.
samantha
I love you papa
sincerly,
Your grandaughter
January 5th, 2013 9:25 amI agree w/LieutKaffee that I could care less about 40 time and that 40 time is WAYYY over-rated for DLine people.
I'm starting to feel - that we'll move up for any of the following 3 who fall into the early 20's. They all can't fall.
1). Star
2). Sheldon
3). Tank
4). Datone:
Least expensive flight from Baku to Jeddah found by our users over the last 48 hours: ticket with Flydubai with a departure on 02.03.2018 and a cost of 274 US dollars . Find this ticketThe destructor is defined for something other than a class, structure, or union. This is not allowed.
This error can be caused by a missing class, structure, or union name on the left side of the scope resolution (::) operator.
The following sample generates C2588:
// C2588.cpp
~F(); // C2588* Monti reflects Italian fear over debt crisis
* Also under domestic political pressure
* Criticism meant to push Merkel to accept bond market
shield
By Barry Moody
* Monti reflects Italian fear over debt crisis
* Also under domestic political pressure
* Criticism meant to push Merkel to accept bond market
shield
By Barry Moody
ROME, Aug 7 (Reuters) - Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti
has taken the gloves off in his fight to save Italy from
disaster in the euro zone debt crisis, daring to stand up to
European paymaster Germany in a way unthinkable a few months
back.
His change of attitude is driven by increasing Italian
exasperation with repeated delays in formulating an effective
response to a crisis on bond markets that has put Spain and
Italy in the front line against an existential threat to the
euro and perhaps the whole European Union.
Monti is trying to pressure German Chancellor Angela Merkel
into agreeing to a European shield against high borrowing costs
that are crippling Madrid and Rome and that he believes threaten
the very survival of the euro if they lose access to markets.
But his outspoken tactics have already provoked a backlash
in Germany and risk proving counter-productive.
The offensive partly reflects domestic pressure as Monti's
popularity has slumped from above 70 percent to around 35
percent due to public anger that there has been no reward for
debt-cutting sacrifices that have worsened a deep recession.
A respected economics professor fluent in French and
English, the non-partisan Monti was called in last November to
succeed billionaire media magnate Silvio Berlusconi as Italy
tottered on the brink of a Greek-style economic meltdown.
He quietly got down to work, rarely even raising his voice,
as he imposed more than 20 billion euros in painful tax hikes
and spending cuts within weeks, followed by a series of measures
intended to stimulate a chronically stagnant economy.
Since June, Europeans have seen a new, tougher Monti
resisting perceived German lecturing that has made Merkel highly
unpopular across southern Europe.
He shocked the chancellor by joining forces with Spanish
premier Mariano Rajoy at a June European summit to block any
agreement until the Germans accepted in principle that euro zone
bailout funds could be used to contain the borrowing costs of
the currency bloc's third- and fourth-biggest economies.
Although that agreement turned out to mean less than first
thought, it enabled Monti to return triumphant from Brussels and
head off a simmering revolt from the broad coalition of
political parties that sustain him in parliament.
Under her own heavy political pressure ahead of an election
next year, Merkel was unhappy with the outcome and has backed
away from it since - one reason for Monti's renewed offensive.
PRESTIGE
Monti's understated, courtly demeanour and diplomatic
reserve could not have been a greater contrast to Berlusconi,
whose sexual and financial scandals and repeated international
gaffes had accelerated the Italian crisis.
But he has become increasingly outspoken with Germany,
exploiting his prestige as a respected former European
commissioner widely believed in Italy to be more expert than his
euro zone peers in understanding the crisis.
In what may have been a planned strategy, he spent several
months building his credentials as the most "German" of Italians
before exploiting that respected position with Berlin.
Monti sees his role as leading a response to the debt
emergency as he works through a scorching Mediterranean summer
while other leaders, including Merkel, go on holiday.
Last week, the Italian leader - who says he will take only
six days off this month - held talks with euro zone hardliner
Finland, key player France and fellow struggler Spain.
Monti's aim appears to be to overcome Berlin's reluctance to
accept bond-buying both by the bailout funds and the European
Central Bank, to which its president Mario Draghi conditionally
opened the door last week.
While Berlin must wait for a decision by its Constitutional
Court on the legality of the permanent rescue mechanism, Monti
is pushing Merkel for a more urgent commitment to saving the
euro before it is too late. German opposition parties agree.
Monti has warned that tensions inside the bloc could destroy
the euro zone and expressed concern about rising anti-German and
anti-European sentiment in Italy.
"He is afraid that if the markets see Europe divided,
argumentative, always reluctant to pursue a clear policy, they
will attack the weakest. For the moment that is Spain but Italy
would be immediately behind," Sergio Romano, a former Italian
ambassador and respected commentator, told Reuters.
During his Helsinki visit, Monti played one of his strongest
cards, the terrifying spectre for other euro zone powers of a
return of Berlusconi, who has openly suggested that Italy could
survive outside the euro.
"I can assure you that if the (bond yield) spread in Italy
remains at these levels for some time then you are going to see
a non euro-oriented, non fiscal-discipline-orientated government
taking power in Italy," he said.North of Osama bin Laden's last hiding place is the town of Muzaffarabad, prime recruiting and training territory for groups such as Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT, the army of the pure) who have waged jihad for almost two decades against the Indian state in disputed Kashmir.
South and west are the lowlands where groups such as Jaish-e-Muhammad (Militia of Muhammad) have training bases and the semi-autonomous tribal areas, described by one MI6 officer as the "Grand Central Station" of international militancy. This is where Pakistani Taliban, Uzbek and other central Asian outfits, the networks led by the warlord and cleric Jalaluddin Haqqani, several Arab groups including Algerians, Libyans and Egyptians, and others are all to be found. Here are European volunteers too.
The vital questions in the wake of Osama bin Laden's death are do these various outfits pose a genuine threat to the west; and what strategic direction will they now take?
Though most of the groups in the Pakistani tribal zones have no formal link to al-Qaida, several have already shown signs of interest in the kind of international attacks and the global agenda that Bin Laden pioneered. The Pakistani Taliban were responsible for the training and commissioning of Faisal Shahzad, a young Pakistani who tried to kill hundreds in Times Square, New York, in May 2010. There is also Ilyas Kashmiri, a Pakistani who broke away from local groups and was revealed by Indian interrogation documents obtained by the Guardian to be behind plots in Denmark and elsewhere in Europe.
Also in the tribal zones – though increasingly squeezed by Pakistani military operations and drone strikes – are central Asian groups that have shown their desire to strike in Europe largely through the use of German volunteers.
Lashkar-e-Taiba, one of the biggest militant groups in the world, is based mainly in the eastern Pakistani province of Punjab. It is torn by fierce disputes pitting hardliners who favour waging war against the Pakistani government and other "hypocrite, apostate" regimes against those who hope to remain close to the Pakistani security establishment. These tensions in part led to the 2008 attack in Mumbai, India's commercial capital, in which more than 160 people died.
But the various affiliates of al-Qaida around the globe – with one exception – have shown little interest in pursuing the global agenda that was the raison d'être of Bin Laden's group. The most recent addition to the "network of networks" that he and his associate Ayman al-Zawahiri had woven together over the years were Somali militants. Last July they attacked restaurants in Uganda in their first international strike. But the reasons for the bombing – to deter Uganda from sending more troops to peacekeeping forces in Somalia – were local.
Al-Qaida in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) was formed in late 2006 and announced in 2007 by Zawahiri. The aim was to create a new alliance of existing militant groups along the north African shoreline and provide a springboard to Europe. In this it singularly failed. AQIM was dominated by Algerians who had little interest in reaching out to Libyan or Moroccan counterparts. Though some targets of attacks were international – such as the United Nations – most remained locked into a local dynamic. On 28 April a blast shook the southern city of Marrakech, killing 16 people including a Briton. The cafe that was attacked was a favourite among French visitors – representative of the former colonial power.
In Iraq too, the trend has been towards a more local agenda. Though proving itself more tenacious than had been thought, al-Qaida in Iraq is still limited to the north-western corner of the country and has shown no interest in launching attacks – even regionally, let alone further afield.
The exception is Yemen, from where al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has enthusiastically embraced a global agenda and launched several foiled strikes on American targets. A key figure in Yemen is Anwar al-Awlaki, a US-born cleric who has used the internet to build a large international following. He was in touch with an American army major who in November 2009 went on a shooting rampage on a US military base that killed 13, and his sermons influenced the British student Roshonara Choudhry who in May 2010 stabbed a member of parliament.
Bin Laden's death barely leaves these "affiliate groups" bereft. Most had parted company, organisationally and ideologically, with al-Qaida central leadership a long time ago.
One group that will have to rapidly adjust is the Afghan Taliban. Bin Laden spent 15 years trying to convince Mullah Mohammed Omar, the leader of the movement, and his followers to wholeheartedly embrace the global agenda. In this the al-Qaida leader had some success, particularly among the younger members who have risen to replace older men killed or captured.
However, on Tuesday, after the dramatic raid on Bin Laden's compound, a Taliban spokesman was noncommittal, merely saying that without hard proof either from the Americans or from the "closest [people] to Osama" that the Saudi-born militant was dead, the movement would refrain from making any comment.
Al-Qaida, founded by bin Laden in 1988, was only ever one of scores of militant groups, all with deep roots in the individual circumstances and histories of different parts of the Islamic world. Sometimes its leader succeeded in binding a few of these fractious and often parochial outfits together around a single agenda to fight a common enemy: the west. Now Bin Laden has gone the centrifugal forces that defined the chaotic world of Islamic militancy before al-Qaida's dominance are set to reassert themselves.Crystal Ball
What's ahead for J.P. Morgan Chase, which reports first-quarter results next week?
Send your prediction to crystalball@wsj.com by midnight EDT Sunday, with your full name, city, state and phone number. The winner will be named in next Saturday's paper.
• Banking juggernaut J.P. Morgan Chase JPM 0.26 % & Co. announces first-quarter results on Wednesday. What will shares of the company close at that day?
A round of cheers to Norman Miller of Tiburon, Calif., for being the first to guess the San Francisco Giants' 2-4 win-loss record through Wednesday.the setlist wiki
setlist.fm > Artists > B > Blind Guardian > November 21, 2010 Setlist
As our Senior Director leading our Demand & Supply Planning, you willÂ Â team closely with Marketing, Sales, Product Management, Procurement, and Logistics to ensure our financial plans are supported with sufficient inventory at the right location in the right quantity at4/30/2015 San Francisco, CA Save This Job
DESCRIPTION The NetSpend Corporate Communications Director is a senior communications position based in Austin, TX responsible for developing and leading NetSpend?s corporate media relations, strategic communications and employee communications activities as a member of the3/22/2015 Austin, TX
Quantcast is seeking senior engineering leaders to steer our market-leading products to even greater greatness.5FILM
Globus Film Series - Dawn of Japanese Animation Part 4: Music & Dance
Saturday, February 16, 2008
Nine animations; 1 live-action film. Program approx. 115 min.
In The Black Cat vaudeville-esque characters sing to popular songs of the era, and in the comic period piece The Bear Dodger, characters of the Edo period sing a Western-style operetta. More animations are followed by the rare live-action musical Singing Lovebirds.
*These silent films are presented with music recently added to the films.
- The Black Cat (1929)
2 min 55 sec. By Noburo Ofuji.
- The Stolen Lump* (1929)
10 min 25 sec, black & beige. By Yasuji Murata.
- Harvest Festival (1930)
2 min 28 sec. By Noburo Ofuji.
- Taro Urashima* (1931)
1 min 10 sec. By Manzo Miyashita.
- The Unlucky Butterfly (1931)
8 min 28 sec. Creator unknown.
- Home Alone Mice (1931)
1 min 8 sec. By Ikuo Oishi.
- Spring Song (1931)
3 min 1 sec, black & pink. By Noburo Ofuji.
- Belly Drum Dance at Shojoji (Year n/a)
1 min 11 sec. By Ikuo Oishi.
- The Bear Dodger (1948)
929". By Noburo Ofuji.
Live-action musical add-on!
Singing Lovebirds* (1939)
69 min. Directed by Masahiro Makino.
In this very rare samurai musical, Oharu is in love with her poor neighbor Reizaburo from afar, but is instead bullied into marriage to an arrogant lord when her father is unable to pay his debts.
This event is part of Globus Film Series - Dawn of Japanese Animation.
Tickets: $10/$7 Japan Society members & seniors/$4.50 students. The Special Student Discount is made possible by The Globus Family. Purchase tickets online above or call the Box Office at (212) 715-1258.
Language Center EventNihongo Chat
eNews Sign-up
Stay informed about all Japan Society programs and events.
Subscribe Now
Until his Museum of Modern Art retrospective last fall, the 78-year-old Catalanat various times a commercial producer, anti-Franco activist, and avant-garde film artistwas known here mainly, if at all, for having facilitated Luis Buñuel's blasphemous Viridiana (1962) and for making Vampir Cuadecuc (1971), a ghostly documentary shot on the set of a Christopher Lee cheapster, The Nights of Dracula. The Silence Before Bach is not quite as jocular as Viridiana (although sometimes as surreal) and less obviously ethereal than Vampir; it's a high-toned experimental feature that eschews narrative and ponders the social history of music, creating a dialectic between sound and image, as well as between a costumed 18th-century and a contemporary post-national Europe.
Not that Portabella is a pedant. Immediately playful, he literalizes his title by opening The Silence Before Bach in an empty white-box gallery. The protagonist, or rather his music, arrives in the form of a robot player-piano that rolls, pivots, and pirouettes through the spacethe first of the live recordings used throughout the movie. The next act is an understated intellectual vaudeville: a blind piano tuner. For the most part, however, Portabella is droll and less programmatically raw in his audio-visual conundrums than a North American avant-gardist like Michael Snow, maker of not unrelated meditations on the nature of sound cinema.
The Silence Before Bach is not only very civilizedthis cool, deliberate film suggests that Bach's music is the quintessence of European civilization. The structure is anecdotal: A Spanish trucker (who is also an amateur bassoonist) has a Renaissance mural painted on his rig and talks music as he rolls through the characterless Euro-countryside. Meanwhile, down in the subway, serious young cellists occupy every seat, embracing their instruments in an unexpectedly erotic image. The past inhabits the present. The picture lapses briefly into biopic, almost as a joke: A historic Leipzig church is filled with Bach's music . . . and Bach himself (Christian Brembeck), the church's cantor, at the organ. Later, Bach plays his latest composition for a wealthy patron.
The drama of Herr Goldberg first hearing the Variations that will be named for him segues into a scene in which an elderly fellow fastidiously dresses up in 18th-century drag, plants his wig on his head, and then walks out into contemporary Leipzighe's a tour guide. Portabella next cuts to a "real" 18th-century interior wherein a bratty little boy is spying on big sister's toiletteit's the Bach family at home. Dad firmly sits his son down at the piano to practice. (Later in the movie, the kid will turn up in a showroom full of pianists that the truck driver happens to visit.)
Portabella shows Bach working at the keyboard, ignoring his wife as she bustles about performing household tasks. For all this imagined naturalism, The Silence Before Bach is neither as exalted nor as austere as its most obvious precursor, The Chronicle of Anna Magdelena Bach, the 1968 Jean Marie StraubDanièle Huillet film which posited itself as an impossible 18th-century documentary of the Bach household. Portabella rather plunges into the clamor of what turns out to be a mid-19th-century marketplace, where the legend that Felix Mendelssohn's servant purchased a roast wrapped in the sheet music for St. Matthew's Passion is first dramatizedand then sung about.
At various points, Portabella amuses himself by dropping a piano into a body of water or showing how music can make a horse dance. But his sense of music is best illustrated when a player-piano score is presented in close-upthe screen filled with the abstract organization of soundand most directly expressed when the current cantor of St. Thomas's Church in Leipzig observes that Bach's compositions have the power to convert secular musicians to religion. At these moments, The Silence Before Bach has intimations of Hermann Hesse's The Glass Bead Game, a novel written during World War II and set in a future Europe where mathematics, music, and philosophythe whole shebangare subsumed in the recondite patterns of the hyper-abstract game.
Hesse's narrator compares the mysterious game to St. Matthew's Passion: Less at the time of its composition than after its rediscovery, Bach's piece became "a true religious ceremony and consecration" for some listeners and performers, and a "religious substitute" for others. This is the meaning of The Silence Before Bach although as clean, tasteful, and tidy as the movie is, you might feel that it unfolds in Hesse's neverland. (Or maybe not: Bach does make an enigmatic reference to Simon Laks, the Polish-Jewish "glass-bead game" player who survived World War II as the conductor of the Auschwitz orchestra.)
Before Bach, Portabella infers, Europe was essentially primitive. Indeed, Bach effectively redeemed this earlier stage of creation. The movie's title may then be interpreted as an expression of awe. Bach's music is "the only thing that reminds us the world is not a failure," someone saysand not as a joke.
Sponsor Content
Find capsule reviews, showtimes & tickets for all films in town.
Join My Voice Nation for free stuff, film info & more!Prep time:
Cook time:
Makes: 4 Servings
Total Cost: $2.30
Serving Cost: $0.57
Ingredients
2 cupsZucchini, shredded
1 unknownpotato, medium (peeled and shredded)
1/4 cuponion, finely chopped
1/4 teaspoonsalt
1/4 cupwhole wheat flour
1 1/2 cupsspinach, chopped and steamed
1/2 teaspoonpepper
1/4 teaspoonground nutmeg
1 unknownegg, beaten
unknownapplesauce (optional)
Directions
1. Combine the first eight ingredients in a bowl.
2. Stir in egg and mix well.
3. Drop batter by 1/4 cup-fuls onto a well-greased hot griddle and flatten to form patties.
4. Fry until golden brown; turn and cook until the second side is lightly browned. Drain on paper towels and serve with applesauce, if desired.Improving Care for Primary Care Patients With Diabetes and Poor Literacy and Numeracy Skills
- Study Details
- Tabular View
- No Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record
Results of the National Adult Literacy Survey (NALS) suggest that over 90 million adult Americans have poor quantitative skills. Numeracy, the ability to understand and use numbers and math skills in daily life, may be particularly important to patients with diabetes because caring for diabetes often requires self-management skills that rely on the daily application of math skills, such as counting carbohydrates, interpreting blood glucose monitoring, applying sliding scale insulin regimens, and calculating insulin to carbohydrate ratios. Presumably diabetes patients with poor numeracy have more difficulty with self-management and are at risk for poorer clinical outcomes, but to date, there are no published studies that rigorously examine the role of numeracy in diabetes. We have recently completed the initial development of a new scale to measure numeracy in patients with diabetes: the Diabetes Numeracy Test (DNT).
The aim of this research will be to perform a.
- A1C [ Time Frame: 3 and 6 months ]
- Patient self-management behaviors [ Time Frame: 3 and 6 months ]
- Patient knowledge [ Time Frame: 6 months ]
- Patient satisfaction [.
To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contact information provided by the sponsor.
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier (NCT number): NCT00469105
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier (NCT number): NCT00469105
Publications automatically indexed to this study by ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier (NCT Number):
Keywords provided by Vanderbilt University:
Additional relevant MeSH terms:Town Square
Please do not forget to send your ballot in for the PMCC election
Original post made by Pleasanton Meadows Mom, Pleasanton Meadows, on Jan 12, 2011
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 12, 2011 at 8:35 pm
Our children did not want to use the pool last year after the swim team was kicked out.
Please vote to help our neighborhood be the same friendly place we moved to 10 plus years ago!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 12, 2011 at 9:58 pm
"Frustrated Parents"- You need not spread lies on a public forum. The team was offered a contract to use the pool and did not agree to the terms. The pool belongs to the *entire* neighborhood, and the swim team was operating in a manner that put ALL of the homeowners at legal and financial risk. Either change the way you operate to COMPLY with current laws, or find a new pool. The bullying by some adults in the neighborhood has been a shameful embarrassment!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 12, 2011 at 10:53 pm
Let's be honest. The only bullying that was done was by the board when they spent $19,000 in legal fees to avoid installing a lift for $5,000 to accomodate a handicapped person. Now THAT is shameful.
Glad this is out in the greater community, so others can see how the neighborhood feel victim to some very bad choices made by adults!
Also remember that the PMST has operated 30 plus years at that pool before they were kicked out!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 13, 2011 at 7:08 am
Umm...the legal fees were actually required to defend against threats made by the "swim team" who have continuously looked for "loopholes" to avoid being legally-compliant. I am disgusted that money that could have been better spent (to go towards future upgrades) had to be used in this manner because a minority group "doesn't like" the law. The expense for becoming ADA compliant requires a complete facility overhaul and FAR exceeds the $5000 of which you speak. Please educate yourself!
Once it has been brought to the association's attention certain activities are not in compliance with CURRENT law, what has transpired over the past 30 years doesn't matter. It is irresponsible to behave in manner that disregards the law and expect fellow homeowners to take on that risk and liability. It's pretty clear which side is "ethically-challenged"!
If a group uses a facility *free of charge* (and has been for 30 years) they should be more than happy to be legally compliant with the regulations of said facility to continue to enjoy that privilege. Really quite simple.
a resident of Another Pleasanton neighborhood
on Jan 13, 2011 at 8:42 am
Kicked-out Really? Free of charge...don't think so. The swim team has contributed to the cabana club for many years. Who has purchased ALL of the soft drinks and waters for every PMCC BBQ for the past several years? Who donated those lovely benches that adorn the pool. I believe tables and recycling bins were also "donated" as a gesture of good will. Before that, the team gave a monetary donation...an amount that was mutually agreed upon between both parties.
I am not a member of the Meadows neighborhood but am quite familiar with what has transpired. A petition was circulated around the neighborhood last year. If I have my facts, correct, a majority of the homeowners signed the petition in favor of letting the team return.
The team has been a focal point during the summer for many years. The pool has been accessible for many kids who have working parents. The ability to ride their bike to a neighborhood pool, exercise with their friends and neighbors has made a tremendous impact on many of our youth. Not only does it build their self esteem but builds lifetime memories.
The team has my full support and I don't even live in the neighborhood!!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 13, 2011 at 1:32 pm
For someone who "doesn't live in the neighborhood" you certainly *claim* to know a lot of details, which is odd...as several of them are patently untrue. In the past the swim team has donated water and soda for the ONE annual BBQ. Probably $150 or so per year. Do you realize it costs the facility *thousands* of dollars each year to support a swimteam? The homeowners have been subsidizing them since the beginning. Monetary donations have NEVER been part of the "30 year history". The wooden benches were all built by a board member with association covering the cost of materials only. The tables and recycling bins were also purchased using association funds. The swimteam donated the 2 plastic benches in 2001. Feel free to verify ANY of this information.
No one has an issue with the existence of a swim team - so knock off the "it's all about the kids" drama. However, they need to pay for the resources they use and abide by current laws that dictate how a facility may be utilized. To not agree to that and put that liability and fiscal responsibility on their neighbors is selfish and morally reprehensible.
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 13, 2011 at 4:37 pm
What is missing from this conversation is the FACT that the majority of PMST members are also PMCC members who pay for the items mentioned in the previous posts via their annual dues. You keep referring to the PMST folks as some outside entity. In general, these ARE members of the cabana club, they live in the neighborhood, and it is OUR pool.
We purchased our home in the Meadows for many reasons, including the ability for our children to enjoy a community pool, ride their bikes there, and participate in the neighborhood swim team. Truth is - a few unhappy people who have an ax to grind have ruined this for the majority of children who LIVE IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD. It is our pool too. Stop making it an 'us against them' issue.
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 13, 2011 at 6:43 pm
PMCC members who are on the swim team would not be affected. The compliance issue involves non-members only. The only reason the team was not able to swim at the pool last summer was the the refusal to deal with the issue of non-members taking the team out of compliance. I'm sure all of the homeowner swim team members would have preferred to swim at the local pool, but were never given that option by swim team leadership.
Why the loyalty to non-members who don't pay a dime to the facility and have no stake in the association? Why does their desire to be on the swim team trump the rights of dues-paying homeowners to swim at their local facility? The Cabana Club adds value to the neighborhood. Anyone who wants to can purchase a home within the association...
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 13, 2011 at 11:08 pm
As a PMCC member who does not have any children on the swim team but does want the swim team for our neighborhood children, I have a few questions...so forgive me for not fully understanding what is going on.
1. Why are non members allowed on the swim team. I was under the assumption that only paying members were allowed to use the pool
2. Did these non members pay a fee that go directly to the cabana club to help pay for incidentals such as the extra chlorine, water, and toilet paper?
3. I have seen the swim team practicing while life guards are on duty. Are the non members helping to pay for these life guards?
4. If a "swim team" board is elected, will they put the PMCC members first. I would assume anyone on the board knows that their primary obligation is to the 840 plus homes within the Pleasanton Meadows community...not the swim team.
5. When someone came to my front door asking for my support for the swim team...which I said I fully gave them...why did they not tell me that this was about non members? Why did they not give me all the facts?
6. I would really like to know if the swim team charged these non members an extra fee, and if so, was that money given to the cabana club?
My heart is sad that our neighborhood is divided. The core of this problem, as it appears, is whether we will allow families that are not members to use our facility for the swim team. I do feel that we should allow children who do not have a membership to be allowed to use the pool for swim team use only. The swim team should pay a fee for each child that is not a member. The families of these children, however, should not be allowed to use the pool and they should leave once practice is over.
Thank you for answering my questions.
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 14, 2011 at 1:12 am
The truth needs to get out.......the swim team was NOT kicked out of the Cabana Club and the lies need to STOP!
Let me go on the record, I am a PMCC member and a PMST member.
As previously stated, the swim team was offered a contract to use the cabana club and they chose NOT to negotiate. WE as swim team members were NEVER notified of this and didn't have a say in this matter. By the way, who elected the swim team board?? I never saw a ballot, did you??
My children and I enjoyed the pool all during the summer this past year, don't understand why anyone else didn't. If you are a member there is no reason to not use the pool.
I will be honest, it was very nice to not have fight for lanes to swim in, with the swim team not there. On very hot days, in the evening, it would be very crowded at the pool with swim team practice and swim lessons going on. Again, I am a swim team member. However, I do NOT believe that the swim team should have priority over the general membership. The swim team only exists because the cabana club is there, not the other way around.
I, for one, do not want to subsidize non-members using our pool. I am all in favor of a swim team. However, be aware that there is NOTHING written in the By Laws that provides for the operation of a swim team at the cabana club. If the membership wants to vote and change that......and to include non-members access to the swim team then so be it. However, Everyone needs a voice.
It doesn't matter that this has been going on for 30 years. If it has been done outside of compliance with the by-laws, then it has been WRONG!! NO matter how much good has been accomplished by it. Wrong is Wrong! so let's vote and make it right!
Be aware that the Swim Team collects additional fees from non members to swim at our pool. That money DOES NOT get paid to the Cabana Club. Why not?? Good question!
On another note:
Who in their right mind thought it was a good idea to threaten the current Board of Directors with a law suit to hold them personally responsible for actions taken by them on behalf of their position serving on the Cabana Club Board? What, are you all going to ruin them financially to be able swim in a pool??? SERIOUSLY??? I am embarrassed for each of you that thought this was a wise path to choose. These Board Members are your friends and neighbors within the community. They didn't make it personal, YOU did!
Do I agree with the way the Board of Directors notified the swim team about not being able to swim at the pool, NO, I do not. It most certainly could have been handled in a better manner. However, the Swim team management choose to respond in an equally irresponsible manner and here we are.
Let's put away the egos on both sides and do what's best for the community as a whole. Let's put it to a VOTE - everyone deserves to have a say. After all it's our money that is paying for the use of the cabana club!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 14, 2011 at 11:45 am
My family was actually bullied, mistreated, and made to feel extremely uncomfortable on many occasions this summer. I actually addressed these issues through the swim team and the board. My 4 year old does not want to join the team because she thinks the swim team adults are "mean". Having lived here for 8 years and in ptown for 30 that makes me very sad... We want to take a neutral stance that benefits all homeowners but strongly feel the team needs to remove their top managers. They made poor choices and have divided us all. Their propaganda is over the top and fueled by emotion. Any educated person knows emotions do not belong in debate, discourse or financial matters...
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 14, 2011 at 2:44 pm
Just so everyone knows, the individual whose name is on the lawsuit waged against the board opted to put his name on the ballot this year.
Please contact Tani @ Association Management to verify which candidate. I believe that is a matter of public record. I don't think this forum is the appropriate place to "out" the individual who drove up legal fees which we *ALL* now have to foot the bill for...
Ask around and find out who will best represent the *entire* neighborhood that supports the pool via dues - not just a select group. Vote wisely, neighbors!
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 14, 2011 at 6:00 pm
(Post removed by Pleasanton Weekly Online staff as innuendo, hearsay or specific accusatory information unsupported by facts.)
a resident of Pleasanton Meadows
on Jan 15, 2011 at 12:22 pm
hmmm "couldy'allbeanydumber" you seem to be participating in the exact sort of ugly politics I mentioned was a problem for my family this summer. You failed to address my post as you were too eager to play a game of attack at the other posts. Even the name you post under is offensive. This is the type of mudslinging that divides our current community.
I am trying very hard to make an educated vote, but comments like yours interfere with the entire process. No I am not dumb, no I do not hate kids...I actually work with children for a living. What do you do in life? for kids? for the community we live in? How do you contribute to make Pleasanton, Pleasanton Meadows, and our pool a better more positive place for all? Are you modeling positive character traits for our children?
If you truly want a board that is neutral and will handle all concerns and balance the needs of our community, then drop the anger and condescension. Pass that message on to other swim team leaders and parents too. The neighborhoods children are picking up on it. They are watching to see how "their" adult handles this situation. They are talking about it in the park, at school, at the pool etc. I see and hear it all and it is not pretty.
editor of the Pleasanton Weekly
on Jan 16, 2011 at 1:16 pm
Jeb Bing is a registered user.
These postings have run their course. Thanks for your comments.
Back from Maine
By Roz Rogoff | 6 comments | 637 views
The Thrill
By Tom Cushing | 2 comments | 491 views
Election day is here, at last
By Tim Hunt | 0 comments | 238 viewsThe.
The resolution will be 1024 x 768 and those who may be considering a purchase will also find the tablet to be running Android 4.1 Jelly Bean. Before we dive into the full set of specs, lets first say that while the tablet has been officially unveiled on the Arnova website -- the still missing details include the price and release date.
That said, the Arnova 97 G4 will be powered by a dual-core 1.6GHz processor along with a quad-core Mali 400 GPU and 1GB of RAM. Other specs for the tablet include 8GB of internal storage, a microSD card slot (with support for cards up to 32GB in size), HDMI and Wi-Fi for connectivity. The tablet will also have a front and rear-facing camera -- both of which will be 2 megapixel.
The Arnova 97 G4 will weigh in at 700 grams and measure in at 243.2 x 190 x 10.5 mm. Otherwise, while we need to wait for Arnova on the price, we do know that based on previous history -- this line of tablets do not generally carry a large price tag. Simply put, we are expecting the Arnova 97 G4 to drop with a relatively low price point.Does Splunk ESS include coverage for FISMA compliancy? And if so, what specifically within the ESS suite is specific for FISMA requirements, if anything?
Most Recent Activity:
Up to 2 attachments (including images) can be used with a maximum of 524288 each and 1048576 total.
First of all, please be aware that SANS.ORG has embraced the top 20 Critical FISMA controls put forth by NIST....
(See this page regarding that topic:)
...and Splunk has been certified by SANS.ORG as a vetted tool for Top 20 Critical Control #6
...and here are all of the specific 8500-53 controls regarding TTCC #6 listed (scroll down a little on this page)
Knowing this, technically, Splunk is certified for FISMA Top 20 Critical Control #6, and also provides the capability to tie in and integrate other actions into the adjacent FISMA controls (i.e. Splunk cannot synchronize your server clock, but it CAN trigger a script to sync them when it sees a time offset difference, thus providing a compensating control around clock syncing)
Also, I think the current ISO Goverance section of ESS can be enhanced to include a FISMA-specific module that can help with that integration into some of the other FISMA Top 20 Critical Controls as well. (Imagine a FISMA fly-out menu with specific searches, reports, or alerts related to FISMA.) This may be something that Splunk professional services could probably scope out and add to ESS too, if that makes it easier.
Additionally, we may be looking into creating a FISMA-specific module as part of the core ESS App. No ETA yet that I am aware of, but customer's are starting to drive us that way for sure.
All in all, I think no one product can cover all of FISMA requirements, but Splunk has the best starting point (i.e. core Splunk + ESS App) and potential to specialize as you need, for FISMA or any other type of compliancy you are considering Splunk for.
Up to 2 attachments (including images) can be used with a maximum of 524288 each and 1048576 total.
Would the FISMA module be created separately from the ESS Suite?
I'm not the person that can really answer if it WOULD be separate or part of ESS Suite or not, but I imagine, technically, it could be either or both. A separate App OR just another menu item with ESS called FISMA Controls, or something like that, where you go select to go the FISMA-related dashboards and/or form searches, etc.
Please be aware SANS.org's Critical Security Controls are only tangentially related to FISMA. CSC maps to a limited subset of NIST SP 800-53 controls but is not FISMA compliance itself. To satisfy FISMA security controls refer to the current FISMA security control catalog document, NIST SP 800-53 Revision 3.
I have no experience with ESS but if it provides governance support for ISO 27001 controls this can be the basis of some FISMA compliance support as NIST SP 800-53r3 controls have mappings to ISO 27001 Annex A (see Appendix H of SP 800-53r3).
New releases of NIST FISMA guidance have refocused efforts on all aspects of Continuous Monitoring. ESS is well positioned to provide extensive support for this compliance goal. This new guidance is developed with the Joint Task Force Transformation Initiative, creating a Unified Information Security Framework that will be applied not only to systems covered by FISMA but also systems in the Intelligence Community and DoD.
Up to 2 attachments (including images) can be used with a maximum of 524288 each and 1048576 total.
RSS:
Answers
Answers and Comments
No one has followed this question yet.
3.2k ● 139 ● 167 ● 1021Strong Third Period Powers Maryland Past Harvard Women's Water Polo
Junior Lizzie Abbott scored once and had a steal against Maryland Sunday (Harvard Athletic Communications).
COLLEGE PARK, Md. – A rough third period sank the Harvard women's water polo team Sunday at Maryland in another close game for the Crimson, as the Terrapins took a 12-10 Collegiate Water Polo Association decision at the Eppley Recreation Center.
Harvard (15-13, 2-2 CWPA Southern) led by one goal, 6-5, at halftime. The Terrapins came out firing in the second half with five third-period goals while holding Harvard to just two. That would be the difference in the game as both teams posted two tallies each in the closing frame for the 12-10 final score.
Junior co-captain Devan Kennifer had two goals, an assist and two steals to lead the Crimson. Sophomore Elise Molnar had two tallies and two takeaways, and freshman Shayna Price notched two scores and grabbed two steals.
Harvard will face Brown for the third time this season, this time in a neutral site, non-conference game Wednesday in Norton, Mass.
Maryland 12, Harvard 10
ACADEMIC INTEGRATION & COMPETITIVE EXCELLENCE
IN DIVISION I ATHLETICSYoung Sweden Dems in 'ultra-nationalist' tie-up
Published: 04 Apr 2014 09:43 GMT+02:00
- Why Sweden should cherish pupils who blocked Sweden Democrat (28 Mar 14)
- Sweden Dem teacher let go after student revolt (17 Mar 14)
- Why anti-EU Sweden Democrats care about European elections (30 Jan 14)
"We want a solid platform to work for important European questions," SDU chair Gustav Kasselström told The Local by phone from Vienna, home of new partner the Freedom Party of Austria.
He said that the main common points would be EU criticism, immigration criticism, and how to strengthen national identities. The new cooperation would not extend to national level.
"Exactly which positions they adopt in France, or Austria, or Flanders, that's their business, and they won't interfere in our politics," Kasselstrand said.
READ ALSO: One in three in France say they are racist
SDU announced its plan to seek European partners already last summer, while political commentators at home, including EU Affairs Minister Birgitta Ohlsson, have asked the Sweden Democrat party to come clean about whom it intends to cooperate with on EU level.
READ ALSO: Åkesson must tell the Swedish people if he plans to work with the National Front
Maria Demker, political scientist at Gothenburg University, noted that SDU had chosen partners that were further to the right than for example the immigration-critical Dansk Folkeparti in Denmark.
"The youth wings that SDU will cooperate with belong to the group within the party family that has a significantly more ultra-nationalist or a very strong nationalist line, compared to parties for example such as Dansk Folkeparti," she told Sveriges Radio.
She said the different gradations within the Sweden Democrats were also visible on European level.
"That conflict exists within the Sweden Democrats, but also in Europe. So this is a way of taking a stance in that conflict."
Your comments about this articleComment›Insight & Opinion
WHO SAID IT?
Who said it?
PUBLISHED : Friday, 07 December, 2012, 12:00am
UPDATED : Friday, 07 December, 2012, 1:59am
Agencies
Most Popular
Promotions
Ma … is incapable of getting more bargaining chips unless he can get Washington involved
Former Taiwanese lawmaker Julian Kuo on the cross-strait negotiations of President Ma Ying-jeou
Repeatedly sending the armed forces against civilians [shows] an intention to endanger life
Thai police chief Tarit Pengdith on murder charges against former PM Abhisit Vejjajiva and his deputy over riots in 2010
My dear remaining fellow Australians, the end of the world is coming
Australian PM Julia Gillard in a tongue-in-cheek radio message ahead of the apocalypse, due on December 21
Related topics
Related articles
7 Apr 2014 - 10:15am
14 Jan 2014 - 11:32am
8 Jan 2014 - 9:22am
27 Aug 2013 - 12:00am
23 Aug 2013 - 4:30pm
For unlimited access to:
SCMP.com SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP Mobile Edition 10-year news archive
Existing subscribers, login hereA good photographer can manipulate lighting, exposure, and the emotions of the tiny man inside the camera who draws everything. Enlist an expert with this Groupon.
A good photographer can manipulate lighting, exposure, and the emotions of the tiny man inside the camera who draws everything. Enlist an expert with this Groupon.
The Deal
- $9 for an old-time photo shoot package for up to 10 people (a $70 value)
Gentlemen and ladies don attire from the 1880s ranging from the tattered coat of an outlaw to a beautiful corset or gown. Age-appropriate attire is also available for children. Once dressed, participants wield props such as telescopes and pirate swords while posing in front of a camera. Each group will receive one 8"x10" print to share.
“Skip was fun and professional. Thank you for a great experience! ”
“This guys in Buster's Old Time Photo were great! We had our family in town and had a ball with the whole experience. Will do it again the next time more family...”
“This guys in Buster's Old Time Photo were great! We had our family in town and had a ball with the whole experience. Will do it again the next time more family come to town.”
- 1
813 Lincoln Ave.
Steamboat Springs, Colorado 80487
970-879-1072Get DirectionsVoIP Call Managerjustin.miller2@cox.com Dec 18, 2012 5:32 PM
So we recently upgraded to the new IPSLA module. With this new version can VoIP Call Manager monitoring. I've added our publisher and it is collecting data. However, the second call manager says no data yet collected. I've waited a long period of time thinking it just hadn't polled yet, wasn't the case. I removed and re-added it. Still the same issue. When I go through
the wizard SMNP tests ok, FTP tests OK, and AXL tests ok.
Re: VoIP Call Managerg_phanikiran Dec 19, 2012 12:21 AM (in response to justin.miller2@cox.com)
Please let us know if you have added the second call manager to VNQM.
If you have not added, please do so.
If you have added the second call manager to VNQM and VNQM is still not able to collect CDR/CMR data please contact our support.
Re: VoIP Call Managerdmthames Dec 27, 2012 9:20 AM (in response to g_phanikiran)
Hello,
I'm having a similar issue as Justin, but I don't believe it's related to CDR data quite yet. I've attached two screen shots: one of the call manager section in the web app, and one from the voipccmmonitoring table in the npm db.
I have four servers in our cluster...01 is the publisher and the other three are subscribers. All are valid snmp nodes in NPM, but for some reason they won't update the monitoring table. When adding them into the call manager table, they take the snmp credentials, but aren't picking up any data for that view. I haven't enable cdr reporting for any of them.
Thks.
Re: VoIP Call Managerzentinel Dec 27, 2012 9:27 AM (in response to dmthames)
Dmthames,
In addition to the CDR data not collectining. I was having the same issue with No Data Collected Yet. I removed the Call Manager from APM, Removed the node from NPM. Re-Added back to NPM, Re-Added back to APM. Afterawhile the data started collecting in the CDR records as well as the Phone Statistics.
Did you just recently add them? Or have they been added for a day or so?
Re: VoIP Call Managerdmthames Dec 27, 2012 9:51 AM (in response to zentinel)
Hi zentinel.
They've been in since yesterday. I haven't pulled them all the way out and re-inserted like you did, but will give that a shot next. One thing I'm noticing is that both of the guys who aren't collecting have eth0 in a warning state. I may try to fix that first. I'll update when I know something different.
Thanks!
Re: VoIP Call Managerzentinel Dec 27, 2012 12:41 PM (in response to dmthames)
No worries. Hopefully that will fix it for you. It did for me.
Re: VoIP Call Managerdmthames Jan 9, 2013 7:15 AM (in response to justin.miller2@cox.com)
Happy New Year!
So we're still having the same issue. I've added two business editions and two cucm custers, but the one with four servers in it won't allow two of the subs to collect data. I've removed them per zentinel from monitoring and re-added them, but same issue recurred.
Any thoughts on if the focus should be on Cisco or Orion? Anyone found a resolution?
Other than this little hiccup, the cdr application seems to be performing pretty well.
Thanks
Re: VoIP Call Managermichal.hrncirik Jan 9, 2013 10:57 AM (in response to dmthames)
Hi,
please try to open a support ticket with SolarWinds and send us diagnostics. We may try to help you with your call manager issue.
thanks,
Michal
Re: VoIP Call Managerdmthames Feb 19, 2013 8:44 AM (in response to justin.miller2@cox.com)
For posterity's sake, Cisco TAC is associating this with known defect CSCtc85744. The issue is basically that all of the available snmp threads are being soaked up then not being released properly, so that subsequent requests fail. The workaround at this point is a restart of the snmp master agent on the affected sub. We are currently on CUCM 8.5.1.11900-21. Thks.Start – 20 February – 27 February
Infos:
Catch the North Gang and win up to L$1.500.
How it works:
You have to hunt all 17 members
of the North Gang in 17 different shops
Each member has an exclusive gift of the shop
and a code letter in his suit case
If you have all code letters,
try to find the correct solution words
Send us your solution words
and we will scramble the lucky winners.
You can win:
1x 1.500 L$
1x 1.000 L$
1x 500 L$
and 10 more will win 50 L$
Return the notecard with the solution to us February 28th latest!
(Later returns will not be accepted)
Starting Location:
For any question please contact K2 Loon or Viviane Hobble.
Good Luck :)NYC, New York- Should NBA teams be rated on the convenience of their wins, the New York Knicks would not top the list, but in rallying late to overcome the short-handed Minnesota Timberwolves Sunday night at Madison Square Garden in a 94-91 victory, the Knicks did find themselves were it counts most: atop the Atlantic Division.
A half-game behind the Miami Heat, the Knicks [20-7] found themselves trailing late, a theme of their recent six-game home-stand.
Without All-Star Kevin Love, and with guard Ricky Rubio playing limited minutes, the Timberwolves managed an 11 point lead up until the 1:13 mark of the fourth quarter when Knicks’ forward Carmelo Anthony swooshed in a layup and a free-throw to give New York an 88-86 lead, and eventually the win.
Anthony, who finished with a game-high 33 points, struggled early, and was a non-factor until he went off in the fourth quarter for 19 points, as the potential MVP candidate went 5-of-8 from the field and 8-of-9 from the line to give the Knicks the offense [which shot 6-of-26 from three-point range] the boost they had been lacking for the majority of the game.
“That was kind of an MVP performance at the end, said Knicks’ head coach Mike Woodson. “He stepped up and made the plays. When he got that fifth foul called, it’s like a light went off and he made the plays big-time.”
“We didn’t want to look back at this game later in the season and say this was a game that we shouldn’t have lost….,” said Anthony. “We picked it up defensively in the second half and we won the game.”
Russian rookie Alexey Shved, who missed what would have been a game-tying three pointer for the T-Wolves with time expiring, scored 18 points in his MSG debut.
After Shved’s miss, Minnesota tried to foul New York, but in watching the instant replay, the officials agreed that the foul did not occur before the final buzzer, causing Timberwolves’ head coach Rick Adelman to give one of the shortest post-game press conferences in which he stated that, “I’m not going to get fined, so I have nothing to say.”
J.R. Smith played Robin to Melo’s Batman, scoring 19 points to go alongside his seven assists and five rebounds. It was Smith who also provided the play of the game, with the the one-handed poster slam over Minnesota’s Greg Stiemsma back in the second quarter. This quintessential play by the Knicks’ top sixth-man would be followed by a backwards layup and an assist to center Tyson Chandler for an alley-oop that brought New York within one point, 43-42.
The Minnesota defense looks on as Tyson Chandler dunks home two of his 16 points.
Photo by Oren Vourman/LSV
As for the Timberwolves, center Nikolai Pekovic continued to make his case for most underrated player in the Western Conference, and ended the night with a team-high 21 points and a season-high 17 rebounds.
J.J. Barea contributed big minutes for the T-Wolves, scoring 12 points, four assists and five rebounds.
Rubio, [who played 17:36 minutes], who scored five points, taking only six shots, with two assists, talked about his frustration after the loss.
“I lost control of the game, that can happen to a point guard,” said Rubio who had five of the Timberwolves 16 turnovers.
“I understand he’s upset, I’m upset, but he [Rubio] played well,” commented Minnesota forward Andrei Kirilenko on Rubio’s rehab, and Minnesota’s loss, adding, “He’s [Rubio] young, that’s where the turnovers come from, it shouldn’t affect his game.”Limited number of tickets available for Pitt-Notre DameSeptember 22, 2011 9:00 AM
A limited number of tickets for Saturday's Pitt football game have been returned by the University of Notre Dame and are now on sale to the general public.
The game otherwise was a sellout.
Fans can purchase tickets by calling 800-643-7488 or 800-745-3000. Tickets can also be purchased online.
Saturday's game at Heinz Field will have a noon kickoff.Earlobe Correction
The good news is, you don’t ever have to retire your favorite pair of earrings…
And who doesn’t want cute, perky, little earlobes?
Just like the skin on the rest of our body, the earlobes change over time with aging and exposure to the sun. As collagen and elasticity decrease, the earlobes can become elongated and thin, with fine wrinkling on the surface. This can make it difficult to wear certain types of earrings due to lack of structural support around the post of the earring. The piercing hole may also become weak and stretched out or torn. Some scientists have even suggested you can tell the relative age of someone by the length of their earlobes.
In our cosmetic culture, earlobe rejuvenation is not uncommon and there are several options
If your earlobes are of a generally good size and shape but your earrings are starting to droop, a good option is to use an injectable filler such as Restylane, Juvederm, Radiesse or Evolence to plump them up and add support. This can be done on your lunch hour and you can continue to wear earrings immediately after the procedure.
If your earlobes are overly elongated, you can have them surgically shortened with a simple outpatient procedure. This is normally done under local anesthesia in the office with sutures left in place for about a week.
Earlobes with excessive wrinkling can be improved with either fractional or ablative skin resurfacing.Alisha - posted on 03/08/2010 ( 3 moms have responded )
8
0
1
i had what i thought was my period, but it only lasted 2 days. came just around when my period would. and my periods are usually very regular. like clockwork, last 6 days. i never get any cramping, bloating, etc with or before my period. before this period i had cramping, a little nausea mostly in the evening, and exhaustion. it was pretty heavy bleeding, like i said, just for 2 days. could it be implantation bleeding? i tested i believe it was the day i started bleeding and it turned out n egative but the nurse said its probably too early and try in a week. what do you think?
3 CommentsView replies by
Christie - posted on 03/10/2010
17
20
1
I had a similar problem.. had the negative test's week after week.. but had almost normal periods.. this went on for a month, until I finally had a positive test only 3 hours after a negative test..
Just do a few more test over the next couple of weeks.. or even ask for an ultrasound (Internal U/S is always the best way to find out early) Either way.. good luck and hope the outcome is what you want hun!
Rebekah - posted on 03/09/2010
120
6
9
It will do that when your start taking the pill, if your using any type of birth control method, besides condoms, that could do it
Vicki - posted on 03/09/2010
1,150
0
166
The nurse is right, try again in a week and you'll have a better idea. It's possible to get a false negative. I had an implantation bleed, about a teaspoonful only. Sorry no clear answer! You could well be pregnant... or not. Either way you'll know eventually. Good luck for whichever way you are wishing.Cozy little cottage on the beachFrance, Languedoc-Roussillon, Gruissan
About This Listing
Comfortable and cozy holiday cottage on private holiday estate (Les Mers du Sud) just 100 m from the large, sandy Blue Flag beach of Gruissan Les Ayguades - halfway between Gruissan village and Narbonne.
Guest Access
Guests have full access to a 35 square meters/376 square feet holiday cottage, a garage and a private parking space just 100 m from a blue flag, sandy beach.
Interaction with Guests
I do holiday rentals more than hosting. In season interaction with clients is through a very competent and multilingual caretaker. In off season I am present myself and can interact according to need.
The Neighborhood and a lively market three times a week. Gruissan is one of the few places on the Languedoc coast that is lively all year and can be recommended also out of season.
Narbonne is our nearest town with history back to Roman times.
Getting Around.
Other Things to Note 9 per week.
Polite smokers welcome provided they smoke on the terrace.
Please read the information folder on how to leave the apartment on departure. Although there is an end cleaning, the house must be left tidy and ready for the wet cleaning. Dishes must be done and stowed, bbq emptied, terraces swept.
One pet accepted.
5 Reviews
Almost everything was fine in the small house. We did a last minute booking, but had a warm welcome by Anita, who explained everything. The house is about 150 meters from the beach and there are two little terraces outside (we appreciated the one at the frontdoor because it's even more private).
Regarding the surroundings: a perfect area to walk: along the beach to Gruissan or Narbonne Plage, to have lunch there and walk back - feet through the water. Or to go to the Salt Museum and have some very fresh oysters at the restaurant there near the salt fields, or to go further south and do the roundwalk around the wine chateau of Pierre Richard (a famous French movie comic).
Nous avons passé un séjour très agréable, la maison est conforme à la description et les informations données à l'avance sont très précisés pour trouver la maison.
Emplacement fort agréable, tout près de la mer, parfait avec des enfants. Les deux terrasses sont un vrai atout et tout est très bien agencé.
Je recommande !
Marit is a very nice person, careful and pleasant, always ready to help you! because of her hospitality we spent a great month on the coast. And the cottage is tidy and well situated. with SO sympathy neighbors! that!
This host has 22 reviews for other properties.View Other Reviews
About the Host, Marit Anne
Semi-retired, living in the south of France in winter and north Norway in summer. The best of both worlds ! :)
I love to travel and I am a big fan of home exchange and have made more than 30 successful exchanges so far.
I like the great outdoors, gardening, walking/hiking, cycling, something I now can do year round when spending the winters in France.
I am also fortunate to have a second home in Norway that I can share with other travellers.
La Perle GruissanaiseThe place to sample the local oysters. MmmmmGruissan 11430
Gruissan BalnéoNewly built spa and swimming pool with slides. A hit with the children.Gruissan Languedoc-Roussillon 11430
Château L'HospitaletImpressing vinyards, cellars for tasting, craft shops, restaurant.Route de Narbonne Plage Narbonne 11100
Le LamparoOur favourite restaurant.Rue Amiral Courbet Gruissan Languedoc-Roussillon 11430
Les HallesVery well stocked covered market open every morning. Very good choice of fish and seafood.Boulevard Docteur Ferroul Narbonne Languedoc-Roussillon 11000
La Table Saint-CrescentSaid to be the most reasonable Michelin starred restaurant in France.Avenue Général Leclerc Narbonne Languedoc-Roussillon 11100
Réserve Africaine de SigeanTake the kids to the drive-in Zoo, arrive bright and early and bring a picnic,Chemin Hameau du lac Sigean 11130
Abbaye de FontfroideA superb Cisterian Abbey, well worth a visit. Also wine cellars with prize winning wines and a restaurant in season.
Canal du MidiAn engineering masterpiece and World Heritage site. Boat trips on the canal are popular and the towpaths offer excellent cycling/hiking paths.Languedoc-Roussillon
L'OuliboSample the prize winning olives and related products. Nice gift shop.Hameau Cabezac Bize-Minervois 11120
MarseillanOur favourite excursion spot for Sunday lunch by the water.Marseillan Languedoc-Roussillon
MinerveListed village in a dramatic and extraordinary setting.Minerve Languedoc-Roussillon
Noilly PratWhen in Marseillan, why not do a tour of the winery.Rue Noilly Marseillan Languedoc-Roussillon 34340
LagrasseListed village with cisterian abbey.Lagrasse Languedoc-Roussillon
OlarguesListed village in the Haute Languedoc National Park.Olargues Languedoc-Roussillon
Château de QuéribusOne of the famous Cathar castles. Besides, the village of Cucugnan is a delight.Cucugnan Languedoc-Roussillon 11350
Gorges de GalamusA narrow gorge with stunning scenery and an interesting hermitage at the bottom. It is like natures own little church.Cubières-sur-Cinoble Languedoc-Roussillon 11190
CarcassonneA visit to the Cité (castle) in Carcassonne is a must when in the area.Carcassonne Languedoc-Roussillon
CollioureThe most romantic town in the region. Excellent restaurants - ideal for a day trip and lunch.Collioure Languedoc-Roussillon
CéretLovely little town with an interesting museum of modern art. Also known for the cherries and a sight in the cherry blossom season.Céret Languedoc-Roussillon
CorbièresWine growing area with lovely scenery and typical little villages.Corbières Languedoc-RoussillonThe Supreme Court Monday in Abuja fixed September 25 for the definite hearing of the suit filed by governors of the 36 states of the federation against the Federal Government over the Sovereign Wealth Fund (SWF).
This followed the failure of the federal and state governments to reach amicable out-of-court settlement.
The apex court had on March 26 adjourned the matter to enable the 36 states and the Federal Government settle the dispute on the Excess Crude Account (ECA) out of court.
The states are challenging the legality of the ECA and the decision of the Federal Government to transfer $1 billion from the account to the SWF.
Counsel for the governors, Chief Adegboyega Awomolo (SAN), had told the apex court that they had done all that was required to achieve amicable settlement, but the Attorney General of the Federation (AGF) had since the last adjourned date failed to create the time to meet with them.
He therefore asked the apex court to fix a date for a definite hearing of the suit so that the issue could be settled legally once and for all.
He said that even when judgment had been delivered, the Federal Government could still opt for settlement if it so desired.
"We are constrained that this court needs to assist us to hear our matter in the interest of justice," Awomolo said.
The Federal Government lawyer, Mr. Austin Alegeh (SAN), agreed that the apex court should proceed to hear the matter since the plaintiffs could no longer exercise patience for the settlement deal already on course to materialise.
He said that several meetings had been held between the governors and the Federal Government and that almost all the issues had been resolved.
He also said that outstanding issues could still be resolved out of court by the parties.
After Alegeh had addressed the court, Awomolo told the court that he had an application seeking the court's order to restrain the Federal Government from making further withdrawals from the ECA pending the time the matter would be determined.
He revealed that the minister of finance even threatened to withdraw $2 billion from the said account last week.
According to Awomolo, as at 2008, the outstanding balance of the ECA stood at $20 billion, but added that as at yesterday, the account had been depleted to $3.1 billion.
"Why we are here, we thought that further depletion on the account should stop," he said.
But Alegeh said that in the first instance, he had an application objecting to the jurisdiction of the apex court to entertain the governors' suit.
He said: "This court has no jurisdiction because the case is between the Federal Government and the other two tiers of government. The best court to hear the matter is the Federal High Court."
He further stated that any money taken from ECA was shared amongst the three tiers of government.
"Governors should make an undertaking not to demand for withdrawal from the Excess Crude Account to share any time there is short fall in the allocation before the next adjourned date of September 25," he said.
The seven-man panel, led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria (CJN), Dahiru Musdapher, slated September 25 to hear all the applications and the substantive suit.
Musdapher directed all parties to file all necessary applications and responses before the adjourned date.
The governors had gone it governors are also challenging the action, conduct and activities of the Federal Government with respect to the management and operation of the Federation Account.
The parties in this suit had at various times exploited avenues for an.Invite Freelancer to Project
You don't seem to have an active project at the moment. Why not Posting a project now? It's free!Post a project
Bian84
@Bian84
Member since October, 2012
0 Recommendations
Bian84 Online Offline
Hard worker, loyal, and reliable
$ USD/hr
- N/AJobs Completed
- N/AOn Budget
- N/AOn Time
- N/ARepeat Hire Rate
Recent Reviews
No reviews.
Badges
The VerifiedVerify your payment method
The VerifiedVerify your payment method
My Top Skills
- Translation 0
- Data Entry 0
- Twitter 0
- Facebook Marketing 0
- Powerpoint 0
- Transcription 0
- Human Resources 0
- YouTube 0
- PDF 0
- Fiction 0
- Article Rewriting 0
- Event Planning 0
- Public Relations 0
- Book Writing 0
- Short Stories 0
- Indonesian 0
- English (US) 0Glock: The Rise of America's Gun
- Brief Synopsis:
- Based on fifteen years of research, Glock is the riveting story of the weapon that has become known as America's gun. Today the Glock pistol has been embraced by two-thirds of all U.S.
- Long Synopsis:
- Based on fifteen years of research, Glock is the riveting story of the weapon that has become known as America.
- Book Quality:
- Publisher Quality
- ISBN-13:
- 9780307719942
- Publisher:
- Crown Publishing Group
- Date of Addition:
- 08/07/14
- 2012
- Paul M. Barrett
- Adult content:
- No
- Language:
- Categories:
- Educational Materials, History, Nonfiction
- Submitted By:
- Bookshare Staff
Reviews of Glock: The Rise of America's Gun (0 reviews)
0 - No Rating YetShowing Suppliers 1 - 5 of 5)
Hotek Technologies
Address: 4106 53 St. NE, Tacoma, WA
Business Type: Manufacturer, Distributor
I-Tech USA, International Technologies, LLC
Address: 2829 234 Place NE, Sammamish, WA
Business Type: Distributor, Service
Instrumentation Northwest, Inc.
Address: 8902 122nd Ave. NE, Kirkland, WA
Business Type: Manufacturer, Distributor, ServiceIndependent Media Resources
About Face
Activist Network UK
Activist
Adbusters
Advocacy One
Alliance for Better Campaigns
Alternet
American Association of University Professors
American Journalism Review
Americans for Democratic Action
Bitch Magazine
Blue Jean Online
Blue Stockings Online
Bust
By the People - PBS Democracy Project
CAPWEB - The Internet Guide to Congress
Center for Arts and Culture
Center for Corporate Policy
Center for Governmental Studies
Center for Law and Social Policy
Center for Voting and Democracy
Citizen Works
Citizens for Independent Public Broadcasting
Clamor Magazine
Clean Up GE
Committee for a Unified Independent Party
Common Cause
Common Dreams News Center
CorpWatch - Holding Corporations Accountable
The Daily Mislead
DC Independent Media Center
Democracy Now!
Disgruntled
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Emily's List
Essential Information
Facsnet - Improving journalism through education
Fat!So?
Feminist Majority Foundation Online
Feminist Majority
Feminist Utopia
Feminista!
Fierce Magazine
Free Expression Network
The Free Press - Speaking Truth to Power
Free Speech TV
The Freedom Forum
Good Girl Magazine
Guerilla News Network
Herizons
Hip Mama
Independent Media Artists Group
Independent Media Center
Independent Media Institute
Independent Media Review Analysis
Initiative and Referendum Institute
INN World Report
Jean Kilbourne.com
League of Conservation Voters
League of Women Voters
Los Angeles Indy Media Center
Media Coalition
Media Diversity Institute
Media Reform
Michigan Indy Media Center
Minnesota Indian Women's Resource Center
Moon Dance
Mother Jones
Move On.org - Democracy in Action
Moving Ideas: An Electronic Policy Network
The Nation
National Action Committee on the Status of Women
National Coalition Against Censorship
National Committee for an Effective Congress
National Freedom of Information Coalition
Nervy Girl
New Moon Publishing
The New Party
New Priorities Foundation
New York Indy Media Center
Not In Our Name
On the Issues - The Progressive Woman's Quarterly
Open Debates
OpenSecrets.org - Money in politics data
Ovature
Palenstine Independent Media Center
Peace Fire - Open Net for the Next Generation
PEN American Center
People for the American Way - Taking Action to Defend Democracy
Philadelphia Independent Media Center
Pro-Choice Education Network
The Progressive
Project Vote Smart
Public Citizen
The Public Eye
Rabble
Rock the Vote
Said It - Feminist News, Culture, Politics
San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center
Scribbling Women
Seattle Indy Media Center
The Spin Project
The American Empire Project
The Progressive Media Project
Third Wave Foundation
TomPaine.CommonSense - A Public Interest Journal
True Majority
Truth Uncovered
United for Peace and Justice
Urbana-Champaign Independent Media Center
Utne
Venus Zine
Warblogging
Webactive
Wiretap Magazine
Women and Environments
Women Ink
Women of Color Web
Women's Wire
World Citizen Foundation
World Press Review Online
Z Magazine
Z Media Institute
ZNet
||
Treaties
||
Search
||
LinksRevenue from advertising in U.S. movie theaters jumped 5.8 percent last year, the smallest increase in the seven years that such statistics have been tracked.
Total cinema advertising revenues last year were more than $571 million, compared to almost $540 million in 2007, according to a report released today by the Cinema Advertising Council (CAC). However, movie advertising revenue increased by 19 percent in 2007 and by 15 percent in 2006.
Cinema advertising in 2008 broke down as 90 percent on-screen ads and 10 percent consisting of samplings, lobby-based ads, audio programming and concession promotions. The CAC, established in 2003, is a nonprofit trade association that serves cinema advertising sellers, the theatrical exhibition community and the advertising community. CAC members account for more than 82 percent of U.S. cinema screens.
The uptick, albeit slight, in cinema advertising revenues, compared to plunging advertising in more traditional media, means moviegoers can expect no relief from the high-decibel cellphone provider and fast-food company commercials that precede movie trailers and feature presentations. Don't rush that Raisinets vs. Gummy Bears decision--you won't miss a thing.
Monday, June 15, 2009
Coming Subtractions: Cinema Ad Revenues Slow
One correction: it's the Cinema Advertising Council of America - CACA. All your numbers are right, but you got the poop from CACA.The Wishart Autoregressive process of multivariate stochastic volatility
The Wishart Autoregressive (WAR) process is a dynamic model for time series of multivariate stochastic volatility. The WAR naturally accommodates the positivity and symmetry of volatility matrices and provides closed-form non-linear forecasts. The estimation of the WAR is straighforward, as it relies on standard methods such as the Method of Moments and Maximum Likelihood. For illustration, the WAR is applied to a sequence of intraday realized volatility-covolatility matrices from the Toronto Stock MarketÂ (TS: 167-181
References listed on IDEAS
Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.:
-.
- Robert Engle, 2002. "New frontiers for arch models," Journal of Applied Econometrics, John Wiley & Sons, Ltd., vol. 17(5), pages 425-446.
-.
- Stapleton, Richard C & Subrahmanyam, Marti G, 1984. " The Valuation of Multivariate Contingent Claims in Discrete Time Models," Journal of Finance, American Finance Association, vol. 39(1), pages 207-28, March.
- Ang, Andrew & Chen, Joseph, 2002. "Asymmetric correlations of equity portfolios," Journal of Financial Economics, Elsevier, vol. 63(3), pages 443-494, March.
- C..
- Bollerslev, Tim, 1990. "Modelling the Coherence in Short-run Nominal Exchange Rates: A Multivariate Generalized ARCH Model," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 72(3), pages 498-505, August.
-, 2002. "Dynamic Conditional Correlation: A Simple Class of Multivariate Generalized Autoregressive Conditional Heteroskedasticity Models," Journal of Business & Economic Statistics, American Statistical Association, vol. 20(3), pages 339-50, July.
- Andersen T. G & Bollerslev T. & Diebold F. X & Labys P., 2001. "The Distribution of Realized Exchange Rate Volatility," Journal of the American Statistical Association, American Statistical Association, vol. 96, pages 42-55,.
- Serge Darolles & Christian Gourieroux & Joann Jasiak, 2006. "Structural Laplace Transform and Compound Autoregressive Models," Journal of Time Series Analysis, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 27(4), pages 477-503, 07.
- Bollerslev, Tim & Engle, Robert F & Wooldridge, Jeffrey M, 1988. "A Capital Asset Pricing Model with Time-Varying Covariances," Journal of Political Economy, University of Chicago Press, vol. 96(1), pages 116-31, February.
- Bru, Marie-France, 1989. "Diffusions of perturbed principal component analysis," Journal of Multivariate Analysis, Elsevier, vol. 29(1), pages 127-136, April.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:econom:v:150:y:2009:i:2:p:167.OverviewBack to top of page Aura Cacia - Organic Chakra Balancing Aromatherapy Roll-On Opening Heart - 0.31 oz. Item# :130845UPC# :051381903442 Brand:Aura Cacia Size/Form:0.31 oz. Ship Weight:0.15 Aura Cacia Organic Chakra Balancing Aromatherapy Roll-On Opening Heart - 0.31 oz. (9.2ml) Renew balance with Aura Cacia Organic Chakra Balancing Aromatherapy Roll-On Opening Heart featuring mood-lifting geranium and refreshing lemon. From origins in ancient Vedic tradition to modern yoga, chakras are interconnected energy centers that influence spiritual and emotional expression. A balanced heart chakra opens the floodgates of compassion and understanding. Aura Cacia Organic Chakra Balancing Aromatherapy Roll-On Opening Heart Opening Heart is: Made with Organic Essential Oils Tested and Verified for Purity Not Tested on Animals Free of Synthetic Ingredients Paraben-Free Petroleum-Free Chakra HistoryThe.HereLawndale, NC 28090
$160,000 3 BR, 2 full BA Offered By: Nicholas Berryhill Coldwell Banker Mountain View Real Estate
Lawndale, NC 28090
$849,500 3 BR, 2 full BA, 1 ½BA Offered By: Scott Jackson Odean Keever & Associates Real Estate
Create a personal scrapbook of favorite listings and services.
Access your personal favorites account here Log In or RegisterI wore the boots out of necessity. Same for the tie. Not suggesting they're coherent.
post #14986 of 18047
2/5/14 at 4:05pm
- Posts: 13,085
- Joined: 12/2010
- Location: People's Republic of San Francisco
- Select All Posts By This User
Nothing fancy, but this is my usual winter work attire given I work in a business casual setting. Sweater and slacks.
Deets (Click to show)Deets (Click to show)
Sweater: Gran Sasso cash
Shirt: Barba
Pants: Howard Yount
Shoes: DC LewisMeet the Moderators of these forums
Allison Lowther
Imogen Johnson
Rebecca Statham
Meet the Experts in these forums
Presently, there are no Experts to meet.
Keywords
You are in... Forums > Riding and Training > Hacking > Loss of confidence and when do you know its time to quit?
You must be logged in to subscribe to a topic
Login or register now
Joined:
Jan 11
Posts: 127
irb13 says:
I'd been looking forward to the hour's hack yesterday with my instructor, but while I've got my lesson booked for next Sat already I've been rather upset over night and I'm feeling rather reluctant to go back. I've coped well with an hour's hack but yesterday my energy levels went down really quickly. My instructor knows I've got M.E. and I did say a number of times that I was struggling to cope and couldn't keep up with her. I just got told to stick my horse in trot and 'keep up'. She seemed annoyed with me when I said I didn't want to canter when we got to a field, but by that time I'd got a stitch, was out of breath and was quite simply scared (I know my confidence and nerves are a big hurdle for me). It hadn't helped that her horse had recently gone blind in one eye and was skittish at best and while she was able to cope with her horse it was unnerving me, especially as her horse when it spooked went into reverse and was coming back towards me. By the end of the ride I was feeling sick, tired and just wanted to get off the horse I was on. I didn't enjoy the hack at all.
If that wasn't enough we got back to the yard only for her to yell across the yard to one of the staff to take her horse as I'd made her late for next lesson as I'd been 'slacking' and not keeping pace. I wouldn't mind but she knows the area and the fact that she'd got another lesson scheduled at 10 straight after the hour's hack we were on. We could have shortened the distance and headed back so we got there in time. In addition to which I've blistered my fingers on the reins. One of which was bad enough that I needed to do first aid on it before I could even get in my car to drive home. She'd seen the state of it and just cleared off to her next lesson. All I can say is good job I carry a first aid kit with me in my car.
So I don't know what to do now. I'll probably go back next Sat, provided my hands have healed enough that I can hold a set of reins and do at least one lesson but I'm not sure about the future. I don't particularly want to have to look for another school to ride at having only switched earlier this year to where I'm at currently, but at this point in time I'm not happy and am feeling rather offended as to how I've been spoken about infront of me with other staff.
[This Topic has been modified by the Author]
Sep 08
Posts: 4939
brook says:
I'm so sorry that you had such a miserable hack, your instructor is out of order and has no empathy atall ! Do you have another stables nearby, maybe it's time for a change. If not ask if you can have a chat with her and explain again about your illness and you may need a bit more time set aside for your next hack. don't let this episode spoil your enjoyment and don't give up ! Is there anyone who needs their horse exercising, maybe you could part loan a private horse. Whereabouts are you ? I'm in Essex and you would always be welcome to hack out on my fab safe Welsh D. Good luck, let us know how you get on XX
Apr 10
Posts: 430
lauralou15 says:
I know you don't want to find another school but that might be the best idea...where you are now sounds incompitent to be very honest. The instructor should of been a lot more considerate of your needs and how you were feeling even without your medical condtiton there is absolutley no need for her to have such an appaling attitude towards you.
Is there another instructor on the same yard you could have lessons etc with instead of this woman? and have you thought about complaining to her boss?
or another option maybe you could find a share horse for you to ride for as long as you want when you want etc
Don't give up yet there is always another option :) Good Luck and let us know what you decide etc :)
Nov 09
Posts: 34
lcmcd says:
I'm so sorry you've had this sort of reaction from your riding instructor. My dad suffers from ME and some people's inability to recognise and sympathise with his illness (and the way it allows him to do certain things and not others and has good days and bad days) is something that I really struggle not to get angry at.
I would agree with the others that I think another riding school might be the way to go - there is no reason why your enjoyment of riding and hacking out should be in any way hampered by anyone making you uncomfortable and pressured. I definitely don't think you should allow your confidence to be dented and consider giving up on the basis of this. If you can physically manage a hack - be it an hour or a little less - and you enjoy it there should be a riding school / sharer / trekking centre where you can do this, build up your riding and confidence and enjoy the horses without any negatives.
Really hope you find this and enjoy your time with the horses, very best of luck. x
[This Reply has been modified by the Author]
Jul 11
Posts: 613
wagonsroll says:
Oh sweetie, I'm so upset for you. My mum has ME and though i would never tell her my met syndrome is complicated by ME symptoms and as you mnow stress WILL make you ill and send you into a decline. This woman is so unprofessional and YOU have been doing so well. I've been riding since i was 3 and because of my illness and my exhaustion i cant ride for more than 45 mins at a walk, let alone have a "real" lesson, and i think this silly cow is thinking the usual crap about "you're not really ill" just self indulgent until somebody has experienced not being able to walk, finds sitting is tiring (last night we were in bed at 6.13 because i was too tired to sit upright)they cannot understand.
Please change riding stables, i know i spend a lot of time pretending I'm "normal" but since i took up cycling its been the best experience and i think its because i had to sit and go through my illness with the instructor and how every little thing effects me and he had adapted a route for me and i'm doing really well and i think its the same for you. You have to make an appointment to visit a stables and then go and explain everything, right down to the negative experiences you've had.
I find with my horses that the love and care i have to give them is such that i find reserves of energy to keep them but have difficulty with enough energy to ride them! You are doing it the right way round and this should be fun and relaxing not stressful and giving you heartache.
The difference between me and the 70stone man winched out of his top floor flat? I have fought my illness all my life, seeking answers and listening to my body, starving myself and moving as much as possible always, but also it comes down to LUCK, intellect, reasoning, being able to understand its not your fault so not letting any person bully me, but stand up for myself (I quake in a cupboard afterwards lol) and carry on and get on with it.
I know how hard this is for you, i know how the stress of this one incident will set you back, but know that you're not on your own and i love knowing there's someone else out there who's fighting their illness to do this. So have a relaxing 24 hours and pick up the phone and ring round the stables and can i suggest you explain that you are a disabled rider. The only time i admit to having a dizzy badge is when it comes down to horses, they are too dangerous not to have everyone involved aware that i am less able!
Good luck and please let me know how you're getting on. xx
Thanks guys for your advice. My problem is that she's the owner. Its a small school. The other main teacher is the co-owner and there's a third teacher but she's not there that often. I'd switched and started going there in May this year after plateauing at my last school. Since starting there she'd put me in the lunge rein a few times to work on my canter. I'd since started cantering on my own. Not perfect but was getting there. Her personality is abit brusque and she demands hard work from her pupils but Sat last week I felt was out of order. I thought she understood especially when she said she taught another lady who's got M.E. although that lady can't do as much as I can. When you consider that in 2003/4 I spent four months where I could only walk for an hour a day to be working full time, studying part time and riding even if its only 30 mins once a week is a massive achievement for me. Yes I do get stressed and it does impact in to my M.E. which is why I don't have a riding lesson during the week days. By the time I've finished work I have no energy and am certainly in no position to be riding a horse so I save it for the weekend when my batteries have recharged and I know I can cope. My right hand's okay now, but one of my left hand fingers is still healing and has got quite a sizeable scar on it. I've also been feeling quite green with it since the weekend and feel sick at the thought of riding at this place on Sat. I want to go back and conquer this hurdle on Sat but at the moment I'm thinking I should cancel. There's pressure when I try and bend that finger, its the speed with which its healing. I've been practicing my rein hold position to see whether I could cope and am also v. aware of the 48 hr cancellation policy so if I'm going to make that call I need to do it by 9am at the latest on Thurs. At the moment I think I could cope with walk and trot but not canter.
I wouldn't have minded but while I've not been riding that long (only started last Mar) I am responsible enough to know that because of my medical condition I do carry a mobile on me when hacking. I would have happily given her it to use if she'd wanted to call the yard and let them know we were going to be late. I'm based in Bedfordshire and this is the third school I've been to since I started riding last Mar. The first which wasn't that far away from me I stopped going to after becoming concerned about the way they taught. The second I stopped going to after not progressing any further, which is why I'm where I'm at now. There is a place I've seen up at Buckden at Offord Cluny I think it is which I'm wondering whether to give a call and visit sometime. Its in the countryside, offers off road hacking and its got an indoor and outdoor menage. Its also registered with the RDA.
My aim when I started riding was to see how far I got and just enjoy it. While in my dreams I'd love to do cross country and jumps in reality just being able to canter confidently and do hacking is more than enough for me. Although I wouldn't mind trying jumping just once to say I'd had a go, if I ever got experienced to be in a position to try. I don't know if my M.E. will ever clear off but I'd really love to be able to build myself up where I could do hacks of 2 hours or more but at the moment I've managed to get myself up to an hour and I have coped with an hour 3 times no problems, last Sat was the exception and the first time I've felt really bad. I also love it when I get a 30 min action packed lesson when I've done walk, trot and canter with a mix of drills. But like you guys say, I need to find the right place for me x
I've phoned this place up I was thinking of this afternoon and had a chat with them. I explained I'd had a bad experience and that my confidence has taken a dent. I said I didn't want to give up riding but the thought of going back to the place I've been at is making me feel abit sick. I've mentioned about my M.E. and that I've been having a private lesson and usually ride at the weekends because I never know how I'm going to be during the week after work. They were lovely. It turns out the lady I spoke to knows of the place where I've been riding and used to be there herself. Anyway. She's said if I can visit them this Sat and go togged up for riding and have more of a chat with them. They've got a lesson slot currently available but she said if I have a look round first and decide whether its right for me. She's not booked me into the slot but its mine if its not been booked by Sat morning. At this stage I don't mind tbh, I just want to check the place out. If the slot is gone then they'll look at when I can get a lesson with them. It won't do me any harm to have a weekend off and besides, I've got YHL to look forward to on Sun. I've also cancelled the lesson I had booked at the other place.
Whee, you'll have a ball, honestly being "handled" by someone with experience in caring for the disabled, is so great for us. They know what to look for and how to stop us when we're pushing too hard.
When i went cycling yesterday I was having trouble walking in a straight line and there was none of this i'm in a hurry (he was running really late and dead busy!) jsut patiently lifted my feet into the things, strapped me in and then lectured me for the next 20 minutes on how i mustnt overdo it or i'd end up giving up! Ithink i said before to you i've never experienced professional care before i started cycling and its so different, i hope that as your new school is an RDA school that they really get "it" and give you all the help you need when you want it. I am a great believer in making a joke out of not asking for help "no, no get away, when you see me go green thats when i need you!" sort of thing but i find personally that this enables me to squeak and the help materialises before you're aware you've squeaked!
I truly hope that your next experience is as positive as my current one.
I'm being firm with my OH as well, told him his friend rides my horse on Sat, as i need a recovery day after cycling so cant ride until Sunday, so we'll be back in the forest again on Sunday with a saddle that works and hopefully i wont end up walking home again!!
Aug 11
Posts: 17
jinglejoys says:
I'm so glad to hear you're sorting things out my immediate reaction to reading your first post was "Sack the instructor!" ;)
I have to work things out on my own as I have no one to go out with.I've only once hacked ojut in company (and that was enough) but sometimes I have wished I could.I have suffered badly from the "What if's" and extreme lack of confidence in my ability along with SAD in the dark months,add to the fact that I have struggled with an unbacked young mule sent as a ride suitable for a novice, for 6yrs.Things changed a couple of years ago when I found people with the knowledge and support to help us and I was given my own time to get on or off as I felt fit.This boosted my confidence and I realised out hacking yesterday that I hadn't had a bout of the "what if's" for months.
I went to a lesson a couple of weeks ago with someone who was not of the same school of thought as I have been using and he said "Do you RIDE this?!"....maybe I'm not as bad as I think I am (or maybe I understand Mules better than he does:) Anyway I now have the confidence to disagree if an instructor tries to make me do something I don't want to....after all I'm supposed to be looking after my "partner" and I know now how a lesson should go.
Too much Horse for Donkey people,too much Donkey for Horse people...You've got to be a MULE person
Went to the new stables this morning and got shown around; introduced to all the horses and ponies and where the indoor/outdoor school are. I had a long chat with the yard manager who was lovely. Turns out she used to be at the previous place so knows what it was like. She agreed that the instructor shouldn’t have taken out the horse that she had last weekend especially on the road, plus we should have headed back to the stables when it became clear my health was affecting my riding. So after a good natter we’ve got a start point.
I’ve got a lesson booked for next Sat. I’m going to ride Spencer. I explained I’d ridden a range of ponies/horses from 14.2hh to 18.3hh that they’ve been a mix of breeds and ranged from dozy to forward going. The yard manager asked me what sort of temperament I would like to ride. I said I didn’t mind as for me at the moment the biggest hurdle will be just getting back on a horse and not stressing. She completely agreed that at the moment what I need is a few sessions just ‘getting time in the saddle’ and then seeing where I go from there. While I’m not sure about my confidence at this stage I have to say I do feel happier after meeting Melissa (the yard manager) and having a look round Northbrook.
Northbrook itself is at the end of a road and has fields all around it, so v. little chance of doing a hack on the roads. One of the helpers said the usual route was to head out to the end of the road where the stables are (it’s a single track road and the stables is at the end and it peters out). Then the hack continues out in the fields. Fab. The only downside at the minute is that there isn’t a regular Sat instructor, but again Melissa said just see how it goes and we can review in a few weeks time and if I think I want the same instructor then we can look at the schedule as to when would be a good time for me to ride given my work and my health and the travelling to get to the stables. I did say about my M.E. and she said not a problem. There’s someone there who has M.E. as well and Melissa’s taught them, and said that there’s been times when they’ve said they can ride but they’re not up to much so Melissa’s not pressurised them but just let them do what they’re able to do which sometimes means just spending a lesson walking. Its good to know I wouldn’t be pushed beyond what I’m capable of then.
At the moment, I have to give Northbrook ‘two thumbs’ up for making me feel welcome, for the meet and greet round the stables, for taking the time to talk to me and listen, and for coming up with a plan to start getting my confidence back and what I need for my first lesson.
Oh that's lovely news, the new yard sounds great and i hope that you will be very happy there, keep us updated with your progress, well done toSearch this site
Setting up your iPad
Create iTunes Account without Credit Card
Syncing your iPod/iPad with iTunes on your Computer
App collections
App-request
App Ideas
Professional Development
Back to School 2014
August 2013
October 2013
January 2014
iPad Teaching Resources
iPad Articles
Free Text Books Online
Apple TV
Apple TV setup tips and checklist
Program Facilitator Resources
Additional Add-ons for your iPod or iPad
Purchasing Apps from the Apple Volume Purchase Program (VPP)
Using your Redeem Code or Gift Card
Apple VPP Login
Syncing your iPod/iPad with iTunes on your Computer
iTunes is the tool to update, backup and
sync your iDevices.
You will want to do this once a week to get updates and backup the settings on the iPod/iPad.
If you are syncing the iPad or iPod to your reimaged computer or for the first time, you will need to Authorize the iTunes program ahead of time and Transfer Purchases to the computer.
Apple Article
:
Syncing iPad to iTunes and computer
after
setting up iPad without iTunes
Be sure iTunes is installed on your computer. You can install via "Run Advertised Programs" in Control Panels or
download and install iTunes
from Apple.
Open iTunes and from the Store menu at the top, choose Authorize this Computer. Enter your Apple ID and password.
Use the special USB Dock connector cable to connect to your computer.
Make sure you are signed to the iTunes Store with your School AppleID
O
pen iTunes and see the iPad/iPod under Devices.
Right-click on the name of the iPad/iPod and choose
Transfer Purchases
from iPad.
Additional purchased content can be re-downloaded from the iTunes App store if needed. Look for the Purchased section.
If you have Photos and Videos on the iPad, you will need to use the Windows Camera import wizard or iPhoto to copy all the Photo content to the computer prior to first sync.
After you have Transfered Purchases and synced Photos, Right-click on the iPad and choose Backup.
After the Transfer and Backup, you can choose to Sync the iPad/iPad.
If you get a warning that it may Erase and Sync, you can now choose to Erase and Sync because you have copied the Apps to iTunes and they will stay on the iPad. Click Erase and Sync
After the first sync, you may want to go to the Apps tab for the device and recheck all the Apps you want to stay on the device for future use.
If the iPad/iPod doesn't start to sync automatically, you can click the sync button at the bottom right. If iTunes asks you for a "backup encryption password" please use the one that your tech has assigned to you.
When the iPod is syncing you will see the progress bar at the top of iTunes spinning and showing the steps.
When Finished, you can eject the iPod/iPad by clicking the small Arrows by the device in the sidebar.
Periodically, Apple will release
software updates
for the iPod or iPad. You can check in iTunes by connecting your device and then clicking on the Check for Updates button.
When there is an update, iTunes will download and install the software update.
iOS 5 is a MAJOR update and can take hours,
please check here for more information
.
iOS 6 can be done with iTunes or over wireless.
It is recommended that you plug in the iPod/iPad to power before running an iOS update.
The software update process can only be done on ONE device at a time and can take a very long time. ~45 minutes
Great Page from Canby, OR K12 site on dual-account syncing:
Syncing Multiple Accounts in iTunes link to other site
|
Recent Site Activity
|
Report Abuse
|
Print Page
|
Google SitesDescription
Boom
Reviews
Similar
Base Busters is optimized for devices with at least 1GB of RAM. Devices with less than 1GB of RAM may suffer performance issues.
3D Chess Game
-
More from developer
Sparkle Unleashed.
Sparkle Free
Azkend Free:
King Oddball
Clowns in the Face
LINKS
Sparkle 2

Azkend destruction
Azkend 2: The World Beneath
- Eight unique hand drawn and animated scenes
- Three game modes; Adventure, Time and Medals
- More than 60 levels in the Story Mode
- Professional voice overs in the story scenes
- Cinematic soundtrack by Jonathan Geer
VIDEO
Azkend 2 Lite
Miriel's Enchanted Mystery
Puzzles & Pixies
String together two or more butterflies with your finger to create a match. When you match five or more butterflies a powerful pixie helper will appear. Longer matches summon even more pixie powerups and give more score. Help the Pixies save their forest!
● Easy to pick up & learn
● Offers truly challenging levels later in game
● Several amazing level types
● Over two hundred levels to conquer
● Hours of top quality matching entertainment
● Move progress between devices with Facebook login
The game offers in-app purchases but they're not required to play the game through. Puzzles & Pixies displays advertising after successful level completes. The advertising can be removed by buying any in app purchase once.
Swingworm
REVIEWS
"Swingworm is a solid game that’s definitely worth checking out." -android-apps
Gameplay video:
Heroes of Kalevala Free the first 10 of the 140+ hand crafted levels from the paid version for free! Heroes of Kalevala Free features unique match-3 gameplay such as lock bomb combos and tar fights.
Build your village from scratch and watch it thrive and produce wealth!
FEATURES
- Match your way through 10 hand crafted levels
- Create your very own village
- Two powerful heroes with distinct abilities
- Storyline with voiceovers
Heroes of Kalevala Free features ads.
Puzkend!In the realm of waterfowl, not all that are manky are malign. Many domestic Mallards do indeed offend the eye with their mutant messiness, though Muscovies are even worse in that regard. Some domestic duck breeds, however, present new forms of beauty unseen in their wild counterparts. This sexy Saxony hen from the Grantham Canal at West Bridgford, Nottingham, generously shared by Mike Fuller, presents a perfectly pulchritudinous and pale plumage any birdwatcher should be pleased to behold. And, like most domestic ducks, she presents a lot more of it that the wild ducks she towers over!
female Saxony duck by Mike Fuller
Mallards are among the most mutable bird species in the world. I recommend paying more attention to the manky ones… you really never know what you’ll find! Be sure to share your best sightings here.
© 2013 10,000 Birds. All words, images, and opinions are the property of their respective authors unless stated otherwise.
[…] Sexy Saxony hen from the Grantham Canal at West Bridgford, Nottingham © Mike Fuller […]Each:
Hi,
I would like to know about the -knownSites of the BaseRecalibrator. How to get the latest available list for this? How to use this, when we want to identify the unknown variant sites ? What are the steps need to be used instead of the "Quality score recalibration-CountCovariates, TableRecalibration" which were available in the older versions of GATK.
Thanks!
Hi all, I'm having problems determining the numbers of known and variant sites in my data. A quick count of lines by the "ID" filed in the .vcf file generated by UnifiedGenotyper shows 952 novel and 1813 known (i.e. with rs#) variants. When I use the same .vcf file with the VariantEval tool (specifying the same dbsnp file I used in UG), the output shows 866 novel and 1899 known variants. What might be the reason for this discrepancy, and which numbers are more reliable?
Thanks,
Gulum???The key question: Why was the battle for Iwo Jima so important to America?
Your task: You work as a tour guide in the park where the US Marine Corps Memorial is situated. Decide how you would explain the memorial and its history to visitors.
Click on the starter source for more details then open the source box.
Download a PDF of this whole investigation.Hilton Singapore581 Orchard Road, Singapore, 238883, Singapore TEL: +65-67-372-233 FAX: +65-67-322-917 Email us
Enjoy special rates from $250 with a minimum booking of 10 rooms.View All Guest Rooms.View All SuitesView All Executive Rooms.Images: Bradley [Image 6 of 7]
Photo by Staff Sgt. Ruth Pagan
FORT CARSON, Colo. ‚Äì Staff Sergeant Robert Larson, cavalry scout, Troop C, 1st Squadron, 10th Cavalry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division, talks to Chris Gronkowski, a fullback with the Denver Broncos, inside a Bradley Fighting Vehicle, Pag√°n, 2nd BCT PAO, 4th Inf. Div.)
This work, Bradley [Image 6 of 7], by SSG Ruth Pagan, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Date Taken:11.13.2012
Date Posted:11.15.2012 15:30
Photo ID:783323
VIRIN:121113-A-VX278-005
Resolution:1800x1200
Size:1.58 MB
Location:FORT CARSON, CO, US
Gallery Images
Associated News
‘Warhorse’ spends day with Denver Broncos
Options
Bubble Leaf HD
By YUE HUA NI
Open iTunes to buy and download apps.
Description

What's New in Version 1.1
Fixed some issues
iPad Screenshots
- Free
- Category: Games
- Updated: Jul 29, 2013
- Version: 1.1
- Size: 13.8 MB
- Language: English
- Seller: YUE HUA NI
- © urDart Studio
Compatibility: Requires iOS 4.3 or later. Compatible with iPad.
Top In-App Purchases
- Remove Ads$0.99None of the people's deputies present in the session hall on Friday voted to put the issue of the resignation of Verkhovna Rada Chairman Volodymyr Lytvyn on the agenda.
© AFP
Lytvyn orders extraordinary session in parliament on July 30
Lytvyn signs procurement bill that may fuel corruption
Lytvyn proposes holding nationwide roundtable on language issues
Lytvyn: Degradation of parliament is obvious
Lytvyn, Tomenko, opposition absent from parliamentary sitting on Thursday
Lytvyn to sign language law only if lawmakers comply with Rada regulations
Lytvyn quits after language vote
Verkhovna Rada Chairman Lytvyn asks lawmakers to consider his resignation
Yatseniuk: Verkhovna Rada Chairman Lytvyn planning to resign
None of the people's deputies present in the session hall on Friday voted to put the issue on the agenda. Four MPs voted against it. There are a total of 267 MPs in the sitting hall.
According to the parliamentary regulations, a vote cannot take place if the issue is not on the agenda.
"So, we've made a decision. Let's congratulate Volodymyr Mykhailovych on a vote of confidence," First Deputy Verkhovna Rada Chairman Adam Martyniuk said.
Earlier, the head of the Regions Party parliamentary faction, Oleksandr Yefremov, said that his faction would vote against putting the issue on the agenda.
The People's Party faction also objected the decision of Volodymyr Lytvyn to resign from the post of the head of the parliament.
"I and our faction don't support this decision," People's Party faction MP Kateryna Vaschuk said on Friday. Vaschuk added that one should not underestimate the role of the Verkhovna Rada. "I understand the actions of Volodymyr Mykhailovych Lytvyn," she said.
The MP said that the parliamentary majority should think well before tackling the issue. "Our decision today has to me wise… We have to finish our cadence in a worthy manner," Vaschuk said.
As reported, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine passed the bill on the principles of the state language policy initiated by the Regions Party on July 3. The document significantly expands the sphere of use of Russian and languages of other national minorities in the regions where they are used by at least 10% of population.
One of the authors of the bill, Vadym Kolesnichenko, said that the Regions Party wanted to make Russian an official language in Ukraine through the Constitutional Assembly.
The opposition claimed that the document was passed with multiple violations. On the next day after the vote, Verkhovna Rada Chairman Volodymyr Lytvyn and his deputy Mykola Tomenko resigned. Lytvyn said that he was absent from the vote on the language bill, as he had a meeting with the president at that time.
"I was deceived, Ukraine was deceived, the people were deceived," he said.
"A former friend of mine, with whom I used to break bread, has betrayed me. Absolutely," Lytvyn said pointing at Martyniuk.
The voting card of Tomenko was also used to vote for the language bill, although Tomenko was absent from the hall during theSubmorphics
- 54,723scrobbles
- 11,572listeners
cl0ud88 is listening to Submorphics – Long Been Gone
Biography, High Contrast, LTJ Bukem, Marky, Danny Byrd, Big Bud, Alix Perez, Nookie and many more. With releases so far on labels like Spearhead Records, Vibez Recordings, Intrinsic Recordings, Blu Saphir Recordings and Cymbalism Recordings, Submorphics is establishing himself as one of the leading lights in the North American soulful drum n bass scene. Watch out for many more releases slated for 2007/2008, as well as collaborations with Mutt, Lenzman, Chino, Random Movement and many more!
Videos
Top Albums
Listening Trend
11,572listeners all time
54Advertisement!
Our Recommendations
- Overview
- Description
- Specs
- Reviews (0) is sure to be the ultimate companion for your busy life.
Specs
Reviews (0) Show All Reviews...
No reviews have been found
- Write a review
- Ask a question
- Share MediaMay 22, 2015
FRANKFORT, Ky. (AP) - Democrat Crit Luallen is seeking a second term as state auditor.
Luallen filed her candidacy papers today at the secretary of state's office - less than two months after declining to enter the gubernatorial fray.
A 50-four-year-old cancer survivor, Luallen says the auditor's office is a quote -- "vitally important" job, but it's one that allows her a balance between her personal and professional life. Luallen says as a constitutional officer she'll also have a public podium to speak about issues that she believes are important to the state.
No other Democrats have entered the May primary against Luallen. Only Linda Greenwell as entered the Republican primary. Luallen beat Greenwell by more than 15-thousand votes in the 2003.For all the time Les Miles spent in a three-point stance when he was part of Michigan's offensive line, he would have gladly also crouched behind home plate for the Wolverines during spring, if only he'd been better at baseball.
So when the LSU football coach's players want to take up a second sport during the spring semester, Miles encourages it.
During his six seasons in charge of the Tigers' football program, Miles has had eight two-sport regulars on his roster, the latest being running back Spencer Ware, also a freshman reserve outfielder on LSU's baseball team.
"I wished I was good enough to catch for Michigan. I would have loved to," recalled Miles, who also trained with the Michigan wrestling team. "I've always enjoyed those guys that play all kinds of sports, all times of the year. They love to compete. There's some greater characteristics to those guys than there are with one-sport guys."
LSU baseball coach Paul Mainieri said he appreciates the pressure on high-profile college football coaches to win and doesn't begrudge those who refuse to allow their own scholarship athletes to suit up for other teams. Mainieri said that when he coached at Notre Dame, he and then football coach Bob Davie got along well, but Davie never let his play baseball for the Irish.
Miles, however, has built a track record of allowing star players on his football teams pursue other sports not just at LSU, but also during his previous head coaching gig at Oklahoma State. One of Miles' quarterbacks at OSU was Josh Fields, now a pro baseball player in the Colorado Rockies organization who has spent parts of the last five seasons with the Chicago White Sox and Kansas City Royals.
More recently, Miles' approach allowed former LSU receiver Jared Mitchell and former safety Chad Jones to accomplish the rare feat of winning national titles in both football (2007) and baseball (2009).
"I've never had a football coach that I've worked with that's been more cooperative than Les Miles," said Mainieri, whose coaching stops also included the Air Force Academy. "Some players express to him that playing two sports is a very important part of their decision. Some coaches will say whatever it takes to get them to come to their school, but Les is a man of his word. If he told then that he would let them play baseball, he lets them play baseball and he doesn't make them feel guilty about it."
The growing number of two-sport athletes who've flourished at LSU has made Baton Rouge an attractive destination for college football prospects looking to follow the lead of some of the more renowned two-sport athletes of the past few decades, such as Auburn's Bo Jackson and Florida State's Deion Sanders.
That was the case with Ware.
"I felt like I needed to let all of the coaches that were recruiting me know that being a two-sport athlete was my dream," said Ware, a freshman. "Some of them were pretty iffy about it. Some of them were pretty open.
"Some schools, they had proof," Ware continued. "With coach Miles and LSU, I was able to see Chad Jones and Jared Mitchell. I felt like his word was credible, so that's what I went with."
While Miles wants his recruits to establish themselves in football first, there have been cases when he's allowed an athlete's other sport to gradually take priority.
Kick returner and running back Trindon Holliday, who also ran track at LSU, was permitted to miss spring football in 2008, when he was trying to make the U.S. Olympic team as a sprinter.
Mitchell, now playing in the Chicago White Sox minor league system, was allowed to miss spring football as a junior in 2009 to focus on baseball. And later that season, when Mitchell, a starting outfielder, and Jones, a left-handed reliever and reserve outfielder, went to the College World Series, Miles traveled to Omaha, Neb., to root them on.
"It all depends on how willing the coaches are to work with each other, and obviously, different places you go, the relationships aren't as great," Mitchell said. "So the guys that come (to LSU) like myself and Spencer and Chad were fortunate to have two coaches with a great relationship. That's what it really takes."
The philosophy supporting multi-sport athletes also trickles down from the top at LSU.
"I think it's really important. I really try to foster it," said Athletic Director Joe Alleva, who played both football and baseball at Lehigh.
Alleva added that he took the same approach when he was Duke's A.D. and thought that, if done the right way, it can help with recruiting.
"Kids that have been used to playing two sports want to still have the opportunity to keep doing that, and at a lot of schools, they don't have that opportunity," Alleva said. "It all comes down to the football coach because most of these athletes are on football scholarships. If the football coach says no, then the answer's no."
Ware, who could be at the top of the Tigers' depth chart at running back next fall after carrying 10 times for 102 yards in the Cotton Bowl last January, missed part of the current baseball season for spring football. He has since returned to the baseball team for his first season with the squad, appearing in more than 20 games and starting 10.
While Ware has struggled at the plate in his first season, Mainieri likes his mental approach and his potential, adding that he might be able to compete for a starting outfield spot in 2012.
"When I was watching the Cotton Bowl at my home, I said with each passing carry, 'This kid is moving up the depth chart on the baseball team,'" Mainieri recalled. "I think athletes are athletes and winners are winners. They find a way to get it done. Spencer brings that hard-nosed mentality to the team."[We invite all men in the University to submit communications on subjects of timely interest. The CRIMSON is not, however, responsible for the sentiments expressed in such communications as may be printed.]
To the Editors of the CRIMSON:--
Allow me through your columns to call the attention of the student body to the performance of "Medea." to be given next Thursday, December 6th, at 2.30 P. M. in the Colonial Theatre, by Mr. Conried's lrving Place Theatre Company of New York. Grillparzer's "Medea" is one of the few really great modernizations of a Greek subject, and ranks in elevation of feeling and purity of style with such masterpieces as Goethe's "Iphigenia" or Sophocles' "Antigone." From the criticism of the New York papers it appears that Mr. Conried's company is this year particularly good, so that we may probably look forward to an artistic treat of high excellence. A large representation of Harvard students at the theatre is greatly to be desired, not only on account of th rare enjoyment which the performance will give to them, but also because Mr. Conried's generosity and unselfish interest in the Germanie Museum, for the benefit of which he has arranged this performance, deserves public recognition from Harvard.
A number of good seats have been reserved for Harvard students and are on sale at Thurston's at very reasonable prices. KUNO FRANORK
Greensboro Wedding In October
Ceremony at St. Pius
Reception at Starmount Forest Country Club
Greensboro Wedding In October
Ceremony at Our Lady of Grace Catholic Church
Greensboro Wedding In July
Ceremony at Hannah B. Finch Chapel
Reception at Starmount Country Club
Thomasville Nc Wedding In November
Ceremony at Wedding & Reception
Jamestown Wedding In November
Reception at Elm Street Center: Empire Room
Mary Leigh and Ross's Wedding
Ceremony at Westminster Presbyterian
Reception at 907 Olive Street
Cheyenne and Franklin 's Wedding
Ceremony at Proximity Hotel
Greensboro Wedding In October
Ceremony at West Market Street United Methodist Church
Reception at Greensboro Country Club
Christa and Michael 's Wedding
Ceremony at Our Lady of Grace Catholic Church
Reception at Adaumont Farm
High Point Wedding In July
Ceremony at Deep River Friends Meeting
Reception at Clarion HotelFaculty Special Achievements
- Adjunct Faculty Member Douglas Gansler is elected President of the National Association of Attorneys General
- Adjunct Faculty Member Mark L. Austrian published an article about Electronic Discovery entitled "Taxation of Costs and Offer of Judgment" in June 2012.
- Adjunct Faculty Member Michael Bruckheim published a book entitled "Witness Preparation and Examination for DUI Proceedings" in 2012.
- Austrian, Esq. published the following articles:)
The Harry L. Carrico Award is named for the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Virginia who promoted the ideals of professionalism during his 42 years on the state's highest court, and is given to an attorney, judge, or lay person who has made a singular and unique contribution to the administration of justice in Virginia. Ms. Douglas has served on numerous task forces on criminal law and was the past Chair of the Criminal Section of the State Bar. She was also recognized in 2010 as a Leader in Law by the Virginia Lawyers Weekly. According to a group letter signed by federal defenders and submitted on Ms. Douglas' behalf, her "singular and unique contribution to the Commonwealth is that by paying attention to each individual attorney, intern, and client that passes through her office, she has improved the system of criminal justice in the Commonwealth of Virginia."
-.
- Mark Austrian, Esq. was intervewed by The Metropolitan Corporate Counsel on controlling eDiscovery costs.Controlling Legal Costs - Law Firms: Do Your Bit To Control Runaway E-Discovery Costs. was sworn in as Maryland's Attorney General on January 2, 2007.
Gansler sworn in as State Attorney General
- Judge Nelson Rupp was awarded the 2006 Leadership in the Law Award by the Maryland publication The Daily Record.
- Judge Michael Algeo was awarded the 2005 Leadership in the Law Award by the Maryland publication The Daily Record.
- H. Keneth Armstrong, Esq. was selected to:
Washington, D.C. Super Lawyers 2009
Maryland Super Lawyers 2009
Maryland Super Lawyers 2008
Washington, D.C. Super Lawyers 2008
Washington, D.C. Super Lawyers 2007
- Barry Helfand, Esq. was selected to:
Maryland Super Lawyers 2009
Washington, D.C. Super Lawyers 2009
Maryland Super Lawyers 2008
Washington, D.C. Super Lawyers 2008
Paul Stein, Esq. was elected to
Best Lawyers 2011
Washington, DC Super Lawyers
Maryland Super Lawyers 2011The international break is upon us and that means the focus in the soccer community is on World Cup qualifiers as opposed to the club teams. Six teams have already qualified: Australia, Japan, North Korea, South Korea, Netherlands, and the hosts, South Africa automatically qualify.
Some of the traditional soccer giants are struggling and some are in top form. Number one ranked Brazil is coming off winning the Confederations Cup and number two Spain is getting closer in the rankings. Mexico won the Gold Cup and El Tri most recently beat the United States 2-1 at the Estadio Azteca.
The main focus will be on Argentina vs. Brazil. El Clasico faces the Albicelestes against the Samba Kings in a match that the world will tune into. This is the best rivalry in South America and without question one of the best in the world.
Although Argentina and Brazil will get everyone buzzing, it is not the only important game on an exciting day of qualifying. Here are some other games you should tune into.
Denmark vs. Portugal (2 P.M. ET)- Soccer fans, we could see a World Cup without Cristiano Ronaldo. Portugal is struggling in Group 1 and only has nine points. A matchup against first place Denmark is on schedule for Saturday. Denmark is in great position with 16 points. Hungary has 13 points and is in second place in Group 1, which qualifies them for a November playoff. Portugal and Hungary will meet two times in the next three matches. And the Portuguese will end its qualifying at home against Malta.
Hungary vs. Sweden (2 P.M. ET)- Sweden and Portugal are tied with nine points. Obviously, Sweden doesn’t have the star power that Portugal possesses, but that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t check in to this game at some time while you watch Denmark and Portugal. The Swedes could be in trouble as Zlatan Ibrahimovic could miss this crucial matchup with a sore knee, but his countrymen believe he will play. The good news for Sweden is that it has the easier road to second place. After Hungary, Sweden will be away at Malta and Denmark before ending with Albania at home.
Slovakia vs. Czech Republic (2:30 P.M. ET)- Sure, not as intriguing as the Denmark vs. Portugal matchup, but you should follow this one as well. The Czechs are ranked 18th in the newest FIFA rankings, but that is not helping its qualifying. With only eight points and trailing first place Slovakia and second place Northern Ireland by seven and five points respectively, the Czechs are in a bad position. Slovenia is in third place in group three with 11 points and Poland have 10.
France vs. Romania (3 P.M. ET)- For the most part, this is the same situation as above. France looks to at least make the November playoff. The French trail Serbia by five points and the two will meet in Serbia on Sept.9. But, a chance to watch Les Bleus should rarely be turned down. Domenech will have to make interesting selections with his starting XI, as a French newspaper asked 25 former players which center forward he should start. Andre-Pierre Gignac received over half of the votes, followed by Benzema’s 32 percent, Anelka’s 8 percent, and Thierry Henry not receiving a vote. Gignac was the top scorer in Ligue 1 last year, Benzema admits he has to raise his game to establish himself as a starter, Anelka is more of a withdrawn striker, and Henry likely would play on the left wing (probably why he didn’t get any votes). Either way, Domenech has plenty of talent to choose from.
Spain vs. Belgium (4 P.M. ET)- Spain led group five by six points and will likely finish in first place and qualify for the World Cup fairly easily. Still, you should never turn down a chance to watch Spain. Vicente del Bosque roster includes some of the world’s best with Xavi, Torres, Villa, Fabregas, and many others. Spain should defeat Belgium, but tune in to see beautiful soccer.
USA vs. El Salvador (8 P.M. ET)- Bob Bradley’s team is coming off a disappointing result in the Estadio Azteca against Mexico. The States currently have ten points and are in third place in CONCACAF, two points behind Costa Rica, tied with Honduras, and one ahead of Mexico. The last time these teams faced off the U.S. rallied to earn a point, scoring two goals in the final 18 minutes. El Salvador has five points and with four games remaining, its chances are slim. But an upset over the United States in Utah could boost El Salvador into a late run to qualify for a top four spot, where the fourth place team in CONCACAF faces the fifth place team in South America in a playoff. The American’s will be without Onyewu due to yellow card suspension. American born Arturo Alvarez will suit up for the second time with El Salvador. A win would put them in a good position to qualify. A tie would not be terrible, but a loss would mean the US would have to get positive results in Trinidad & Tobago, Honduras, and at home against Costa Rica. Key stat to remember is that Bob Bradley is 7-0-0 in home qualifiers.
Argentina vs. Brazil (8:30 ET)- This is a must-see matchup on Saturday. El Clasico is of special importance this year, as Argentina is struggling to qualify. Maradona’s team is currently in fourth place, but a loss could drop them to fifth. The fifth place team plays the fourth place team from CONCACAF in a two game playoff in November. Argentina should be there by the time the 2010 World Cup comes around, but any time these two giants get together the world enjoys. Messi traveled back to Argentina, forgoing Barcelona’s first La Liga match, in order to train with his teammates. Brazil is ranked number one in the world and are the favorites to win in South Africa as of now. Maradona possesses one of the most talented rosters in the world, but has not produced results.
With a loss to Brazil at home, the soccer legend could get the sack. Messi, Kaka, Aguero, Robinho, Diego Milito, Luis Fabiano, Mascherano, and Maicon. This list goes on with world-class players that both sides possess. Again, Maradona snubbed Gonzalo Higuain, but the youngster still wants to represent Argentina instead of France. The action is also coming from legends of both countries as Pele and Maradona are in a war of words. Maradona has recently stated “I was a better player than Pele” and that Argentina has better players than Brazil. Also, the Argentina icon has stated he wishes he were 20 years younger so he could play against Brazil. Pele has fired back saying that whatever Maradona says cannot be taken into consideration. Argentine starlet Lionel Messi has said that Argentina can beat Brazil comfortably. Messi’s teammate and friend at Barcelona, Dani Alves has noted that “Once the ball starts rolling there is no friendship.” The two terrorize the right flank against every opposition Barca faces, but Saturday will be different as the two will be wearing different jerseys and playing against each other.
Costa Rica vs. Mexico (10 P.M. ET)- It is amazing that Mexico can be even in contention with Costa Rica, if they win on Saturday. But a loss could separate the two teams by six points. El Tri is playing good soccer as of late, but a matchup against Costa Rica in Estadio Saprissa could slow Javier Aguirre's side down. The turf at Saprissa Stadium is never easy to play on, but Mexico has won six of its last seven matches. Costa Rican captain Walter Centeno is injured and may not be available to start. A loss for Costa Rica could put Los Ticos behind the United States and Honduras should both win. A loss would also mean that Costa Rica would be tied with Mexico with 12 points and three qualifiers remaining.Search for hotels in Trencin on Expedia.co.uk. You can easily find your hotels in Trencin using one of the methods below:
- View our selection of featured hotels in Trencin
- Use the map to find hotels in the Trencin neighborhood you prefer
- Use the filters to see hotels in a specific area of Trencin, select a specific theme, brand, or hotel class from basic (1 Star) to luxury hotels (5 Stars) in Trencin
- Enter your travel dates to view the best deals on hotels in Trencin - while they last$45 GrandeLASH-MD 2.0 ml:
Manufacturer: GrandeLash
MD
MD
Mfg Part#: GRANDELASH
Sku: 226580413
UPC: 094922360175
UPC 14: 00094922360175
Sales Rank: 20066
See more in Eyelash Treatments & Enhancers
View all buying options for GrandeLASH-MD 2.0 ml
SORTED BY:
LOWEST PRICE
FREE SHIPPING
SHOP RANKING
45-Day RETURNS
About the Seller
Lifetime 6 ratings
Seller Description
We provide better service and prices than other websites. You'll experience superior customer service with us. That's our commitment to you. You'll get peace of mind when we help guide you to the best products for your needs or inquiries. Plus, we help you save money. You get the most competitive pricing on our site. Our in-house customer service focuses on your satisfaction. We make it our priority. So call or e-mail one of our specialists and you'll be glad you on orders over $39.00 (net) All U.S. orders over $39.00 (after any discounts have been applied) ships FREE. Any U.S. order of $39.00 or less (exclude taxes) will incur a standard shipping charge of $5.99. All stock orders will able to ship within 24 to 48 hours after order is submit...read more
Loo demolition ‘premature’
Last updated at 13:57, Thursday, 30 January 2014
THE controversial decision to demolish Whitehaven’s only public toilet block has been branded “premature” by councillors, who claim that alternative plans could be made to save it if a new town council is formed.
Councillors at Copeland’s planning panel last week fiercely debated the proposals to demolish the toilets block on James Street – five voted for the demolition and five voted against.
The casting vote was made by the chair, Geoff Blackwell, who agreed the recommendation.
He said: “We all have strong feelings but we are here as a planning committee, and unfortunately that is all we are allowed to look at in terms of legislation and law. That’s difficult at times – very difficult.”
Prior to the decision being made, Stephen Haraldsen said: “It’s a little bit premature for the council to come forward to demolish the building, considering in the next 12 to 15 months we may have a parish or town council for Whitehaven.
“The issue is that we have seen other parishes successfully run toilets.”
Alan Jacob said that Gosforth Parish Council successfully runs a public toilet and agreed with Coun Haraldsen that alternative options could be looked at if a town council is formed in Whitehaven.
Gilbert Scurrah said if it was given planning permission in 1993, there was obviously a need for them. He asked whether the toilet block was used before it was closed.
John Jackson said the community was “gutted” when the public toilets closed and said that if the toilets had not closed, the planning panel would not be discussing its demolition.
Councillors were told that they must only deal with planning issues and that permission is required for the site as it falls within a conservation area.
Two letters of objection to the demolition were received by the council.
Copeland Council closed the facility, amid public outcry, as part of a raft of budget cuts. A 2,000-signature petition submitted to Copeland failed to overturn the decision.
Last week, planners were told that there is no chance that the building will be reopened and the closed building is still costing the council money in maintenance and rates.
Its removal will open up views and enhance the area, councillors were also told.
The land vacated by the toilets will be restored to a hard surface to match the surrounding paving, and will not form part of a highways improvement scheme.
The Whitehaven News understands there may be a possibility in the future of public toilets being opened in the Whitehaven Market Hall.
The public drop-in sessions, at which a survey can be completed and questions asked about a possible new town council for Whitehaven, continue this week at Richmond Pensioners Club today (Thursday) from 10am to 1pm, and at Greenbank Community Centre on Wednesday, February 5 (2pm to 5pm).
The survey is also available at, and at Copeland’s office and libraries.
Any groups who wish to have a meeting with Copeland are asked to email tim.capper@copeland.gov.uk or call 01946 598526.
The first round of the consultation ends on February 25, and if the support is there, a second consultation – including more concrete proposals such as boundaries, number of councillors and cost – will begin.
First published at 11:16, Thursday, 30 January 2014
Published by
As mentioned in my letter Whi News(30Jan)
the proposed Whitehaven toilet demolition is a criminal waste of our public funds. Can anyone advise why the Copeland Community Fund or the Neighbourhood Forum purses can not be used, temporarily, until financial situation resolved. I believe CBC Leader plus some local County Councillors control who the massive nuclear pot of cash ( Â£10 million I think, topped up annually) is given to - but I would have thought a clue is in the name - Community Fund? Are not public toilets for the community and it's guests not a worthy cause?
View all 9 comments on this article
Have your say
Surely knocking the Civic Hall down will save more money than knocking the toilets down.
Posted by Bob on 31 January 2014 at 18:54Hide go arrow in navigation bar, can't seem to find the selector to edit in userChrome.css
I used edits to userChrome.css to hide several items from the address bar, but I can't seem to find the right selector for the arrow that appears when you start typing in the address bar. So now it is the only thing there and it's driving me crazy. I have spent over an hour trying to figure it out with inspector addons and searching the web. I'm about to lose my mind. Obviously this is an insignificant thing to spend more than an hour on. Hopefully you can help me solve it relatively quickly.
Additional System Details
Installed Plug-ins
- Foxit Reader Plug-In For Firefox and Netscape
-
- Google Update
- Amazon MP3 Downloader Plugin 1.0.17
- 1.3
- 5.1.10411.1.2true{d10d0bf8-f5b5-c8b4-a8b2-2b9879e08c5d}Add Bookmark Here ²13.0.20120505trueabhere2@moztw.orgConfiguration Mania1.16.2012081001true{c4d362ec-1cff-4ca0-9031-99a8fad7995a}Context Font0.6truecontextfont@easel.orgdeskCut0.6.0.3true{9125C9CB-BE2B-4389-A0C7-46A4BDD46AEA}DOM Inspector2.0.13trueinspector@mozilla.orgDragIt3.0.0true{575cbcb9-3b7e-493a-b001-886b3ae793b5}Firebug1.10.3truefirebug@software.joehewitt.comFireFontFamily0.1.2truefirefontfamily@firebugextensions.orgFirepicker1.4.1truefirepicker@thedarkoneFiresizer1.7true{04426594-bce6-4705-b811-bcdba2fd9c7b}Grab and Drag3.1.0true{477c4c36-24eb-11da-94d4-00e08161165f}gui:config1.2.2trueguiconfig@slosd.netLiveReload2.0.8truelivereload@livereload.comLocationbar²1.0.6truelocationbar2@design-noir.deMenu Editor1.2.7true{EDA7B1D7-F793-4e03-B074-E6F303317FB0}Microsoft .NET Framework Assistant1.3.1true{20a82645-c095-46ed-80e3-08825760534b}Movable Firefox Button1.4truemovableAppButton@Merci.chaoNewTabURL2.2.3truenewtaburl@sogame.catPDF Download3.0.0.2true{37E4D8EA-8BDA-4831-8EA1-89053939A250}Personal Menu5.1.0trueCompactMenuCE@Merci.chaoQuickToolbars1.1.5truequick@toolbars.beSave Session1.3.1.6truesavesession@noasobi.netStatus-4-Evar2012.07.08.17truestatus4evar@caligonstudios.comStratiform3.0.1trueStratiform@SoapySpewStylish1.3true{46551EC9-40F0-4e47-8E18-8E5CF550CFB8}Xmarks4.1.3truefoxmarks@kei.comYTshowRating1.0.7truejid1-m7xzZLMj29zzjA@jetpackInline Code Finder for Firebug1.1falseicffirebug@robertnyman.comJava Console6.0.33false{CAFEEFAC-0016-0000-0033-ABCDEFFEDCBA}Java Console6.0.35false{CAFEEFAC-0016-0000-0035-ABCDEFFEDCBA}Java Console6.0.37false{CAFEEFAC-0016-0000-0037-ABCDEFFEDCBA}Live HTTP headers0.17false{8f8fe09b-0bd3-4470-bc1b-8cad42b8203a}PDF Architect Converter For Firefox1.0falseFFPDFArchitectConverter@pdfarchitect.comYSlow3.1.4falseyslow@yahoo-inc.com
Important Modified Preferences
Name
Value
accessibility.typeaheadfindtrueaccessibility.typeaheadfind.flashBar0accessibility.typeaheadfind.timeout2000browser.cache.disk.capacity358400browser.cache.disk.smart_size.first_runfalsebrowser.cache.disk.smart_size.use_old_maxfalsebrowser.cache.disk.smart_size_cached_value358400browser.cache.disk_cache_sslfalsebrowser.link.open_newwindow.restriction0browser.places.importBookmarksHTMLfalsebrowser.places.smartBookmarksVersion4browser.privatebrowsing.dont_prompt_on_entertruebrowser.startup.homepage( .NET CLR 3.5.30729; .NET4.0E)gfx.direct3d.prefer_10_1truegfx.use_text_smoothing_settingtruehtml5.enabletruemousewheel.horizscroll.withaltkey.action0mousewheel.withaltkey.numlines12mousewheel.withcontrolkey.action0mousewheel.withcontrolkey.numlines30mousewheel.withshiftkey.action0network.cookie.prefsMigratedtrueplaces.database.lastMaintenance1357785990places.history.expiration.transient_current_max_pages104858places.history.expiration.transient_optimal_database_size167772160places.last_vacuum1306853314plugin.disable_full_page_plugin_for_typesapplication/pdfprint.print_printerHP Photosmart 7760 seriesprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_bgcolorfalseprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_bgimagesfalseprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_commandprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_downloadfontsfalseprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_edge_bottom0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_edge_left0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_edge_right0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_edge_top0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_evenpagestrueprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_footercenterprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_footerleft&PTprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_footerright&Dprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_headercenterprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_headerleft&Tprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_headerright&Uprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_in_colortrueprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_margin_bottom0.5print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_margin_left0.5print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_margin_right0.5print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_margin_top0.5print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_oddpagestrueprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_orientation1print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_pagedelay500print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_paper_data1print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_paper_height 11.00print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_paper_size_type0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_paper_size_unit0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_paper_width 8.50print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_reversedfalseprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_scaling 1.00print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_shrink_to_fittrueprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_to_filefalseprint.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_unwriteable_margin_bottom0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_unwriteable_margin_left0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_unwriteable_margin_right0print.printer_HP_Photosmart_7760_series.print_unwriteable_margin_top0privacy.sanitize.migrateFx3Prefstruesecurity.warn_viewing_mixedfalsesvg.enabledtrue
Graphics
Adapter DescriptionATI Radeon HD 4800 SeriesVendor ID0x1002Device ID0x94608.920.0.0Driver Date11-9-2011Adapter Description (GPU #2)ATI Radeon HD 4650Vendor ID (GPU #2)0x1002Device ID (GPU #2)0x9498Adapter RAM (GPU #2)1024Adapter Drivers (GPU #2)aticfx64 aticfx64 aticfx32 aticfx32 atiumd64 atidxx64 atiumdag atidxx32 atiumdva atiumd6a atitmm64Driver Version (GPU #2)8.920.0.0Driver Date (GPU #2)11-9-2011Direct2D EnabledtrueDirectWrite Enabledtrue (6.1.7601.17789)ClearType ParametersClearType parameters not foundWebGL RendererGoogle Inc. -- ANGLE (ATI Radeon HD 4800 Series) --
Helpful Reply
This code in userChrome.css should do it.
Add this code to the userChrome.css file below the default @namespace line.
@namespace url(""); /* only needed once */ #urlbar .autocomplete-history-dropmarker { display:none!important; }
Question owner
Thanks for the quick reply! I believe that is for the down arrow. I struggled for a while to remove that one too, but I already have that in my userChrome.css. I mean the right arrow that looks like ->. It only appears when you type in the address bar.
Do you mean the (green) 'Go' button?
That Go button is by default part of the combined Stop/Reload/Go button and has id: #urlbar-go-button
Do you have the other two buttons (Stop and Reload) still somewhere on the Navigation Toolbar or did you drag them in the toolbar palette?
Modified by cor-el
Question owner
No there is a gray right arrow that has a green hover over effect. Within the textbox. It only appears when you start typing. I restarted without my customizations (which had hidden the refresh icon), and it looks like the refresh icon may actually be changing its icon. Or perhaps it's just being hidden and a new element is replacing it in the same position.
Yes, that is the Go button. That button appears when you edit the URL on the location bar and can be used instead of the enter key.
Did you try that selector?
#urlbar-go-button { display:none!important; }
Question owner
I had tried that with no luck, even though
#urlbar-reload button {display: none !important; }
successfully hid the reload button inside the textbox. I looked nearby under <hbox id="urlbar-icons"> and found the selector for the actual image used for the go button:
#go-button { display:none!important; }
Using that, it worked just fine. Odd that it would work for urlbar-reload-button and not for urlbar-go-button. All 3 of the buttons have the same class, chromeclass-toolbar-additional. Also tried hiding that and it didn't work.
Whether or not it makes sense, I have a working solution. Thanks for the help!
Modified by cor-el
Question owner
missing a - on the urlbar-reload-button in my post above.
Helpful Reply
There are two 'go' buttons.
The #urlbar-go-button is used when the combined Stop and Reload button are displayed in the location bar and the #go-button is used if you have moved the Stop and Reload buttons elsewhere.
Question owner
Sure enough. I had dragged off the stop and reload buttons. Learned some things that may be useful to someone.
If you have not removed the reload and stop buttons, you can expose them with right click > customize... When you exit customizing, those two buttons are combined into the address bar (textbox) itself if the reload button is to the left. If you change the order of the buttons (put stop to the left), they will no longer auto-combine and will remain separate buttons outside the textbox.
I also had the buttons be combined to a button outside of the textbox a few different times, but I never could figure out what combination of things or order of steps would cause it. There were times where I would re-order the stop and reload buttons, click done, right click > customize, re-order them again, and then rather than combining into the textbox they would combine into a separate button.
So if you are like me and you just wanted to remove all buttons period, you can just drag off the reload and stop buttons and then use the #go-button selector. If you are wanting to just remove one or the other, be prepared to experiment. Perhaps my situation is complicated by some addons or about:config modifications I did in the past and it is normally more straightforward.
Question owner
Here are all my userChrome.css modifications, in case anyone interested might stumble on this. Remove the backticks, wasn't sure how to format this properly.
This go button is only used if the stop and refresh buttons are on the navigation toolbar and the refresh button is to the left. That will cause them to be combined into a button within the textbox. If the stop button is on the right, they will stay separate buttons outside the textbox.
`#urlbar-go-button { display: none !important; }
For a clean, full-width url bar, drag all buttons off the navigation toolbar and use the following modifications.
`#urlbar-reload-button { display: none !important; }
`#urlbar-stop-button { display: none !important; }
`#star-button { display: none !important; }
`#identity-box { display: none !important; }
`#urlbar { padding: 5px 8px !important; margin: 1px !important; }
`.autocomplete-history-dropmarker { display: none !important; }
`#go-button { display:none !important; }
Disable automatic display of tab bar when mouse nears the top in full-screen mode
`#fullscr-toggler { display:none!important; }
Add a little extra horizontal padding to the folders and shortcuts on the bookmarks bar, and a little extra vertical padding to the bookmarks and folders within the folders on the bookmarks bar.
`#personal-bookmarks .bookmark-item {
padding: 8px 8px !important;
}
`#personal-bookmarks .bookmark-item menupopup .menuitem-iconic {
padding: 3px 0 !important;
}
`#personal-bookmarks .bookmark-item menu {
padding: 3px 0 !important;
}
Modified by darylnagode
Question owner
Some other handy tricks and information:
To find out what you want to modify, you can open chrome://browser/content/browser.xul and use an inspector like FireBug to find what selectors you need. The easiest way to get to the userChrome.css file is to open about:support, then click 'Show Folder' in the top table. Then you can just navigate to /chrome/userChrome.css. If you have never made modifications to the userChrome file, it may be titled userChrome-example.css. You can just rename it to userChrome.css.
Some of my favorite about:config tricks:
If you want the old options page in a separate window (instead of the new layout in a tab), change browser.preferences.inContent to false.
If you want to disable the animation of the top toolbars when going to fullscreen, change browser.fullscreen.animateUp to 0.
To disable the new 'new tab' page, you can click on the icon near the top right of the page. But then you still have an icon there instead of a blank page. If you are OCD like me and that bothers you, you can modify about:config entry browser.newtab.url. Change it from about:newtab to about:blank.
If you want to have the download manager automatically clear completed downloads, change browser.download.manager.retention to one of the following: 2 - default setting, will keep unless manually cleared 1 - list cleared when you exit firefox 0 - clear downloads as soon as they are completed
A useful normal setting: Tools > Options > Advanced > General Tab > Search for text when I start typing Comes in handy when you just need to jump to a word quickly. With regular find, if you click away you have to click the x or hit Ctrl-F again and then Escape to close it. Regardless of how you have it set, you can hit / to bring up quick find (or ' to quick find only link text). While in quick find, use Control-G or Ctr-Shift-G to step forward and backward through finds.
Modified by darylnagodeFiled under: Exquisite Reviews | Tags: Age of Ultron, Brian Michael Bendis, Hank Pym, Nick Fury, Paul Mounts, Paul Neary, Ultron, VC's Cory Petit
Age of Ultron
Book Five
Written by Brian Michael Bendis
Pencils by Paul Neary
Colours by Paul Mounts
Letters by VC’s Cory Petit
Cover by Hitch, Neary & Mounts
Published by Marvel
£2.85 (Or £1.80 with Super Card Go!)
Hail, hail the gang’s all here. And the gang has a plan. And of course, this being the Marvel universe, the gang actually has two plans, one noticeably more stabby than the other one.
Have a guess which one Wolverine champions?
Bingo.
After the plodding pace of book 4, this is a welcome and desperately needed uptick in information density if not actual action. It opens on a flashback, with the revelation that Tony Stark has been trying, and failing, to fix the Vision. So, he does the one thing that brilliant, idiotic people in the Marvel universe always do; calls other brilliant idiots to help solve the problem for him. It’s a temporary Marvel brain trust as Tony, Reed Richards and Hank Pym discuss how to fix Vision and, of course, Ultron. It’s also a smart scene, as Pym’s first appearance in the book that’s pretty clearly his fault involves him discussing Ultron, justifying why the homicidal AI isn’t actually his fault and…Reed Richards giving precisely zero damns about what Pym thinks. Pym has always been a divisive figure in the Marvel Universe and, let’s face it, a lot of people are going to want to give him the hard word this series. It’s a smart move introducing him here, and also setting out the stall for the intellectual conflict that’s assuredly coming with him.
It also, finally, takes Tony Stark off the intellectual bench. Snapping back to the Savage Land, in a really smartly done pair of twinned panels, Stark finally figures out just what Ultron used the Vision for, how much it’s his fault and how elegant the strategy was. Tony nearly comes apart and in doing so, drags Cap off the bench to talk him down. The two senior statesheroes (That’s a word now) of the Helicarrier club have been worse than useless so far so it’s nice to see both of them getting their act together at last.
Plus, just as everyone’s older brothers get their act together, the Marvel universe’s spy dad turns up to help things along. I’ve rarely been happier to see Nick Fury in a comic, and his entrance here (Or rather the helicarrier club’s entrance to his SHIELD bolt hole in the Savage Land) is one of the best moments in the series so far. Fury is the Marvel universes’ greatest pragmatist, a man who always has a plan and this is no exception. In fact the Fury sequence is smartly written you’re all the way through it before you realize that, once again, the Helicarrier club are sitting around discussing what to do.
The difference between this and the inept planning they carry out in the first couple of issues is massive though, thanks to Fury and the simple fact that for the first time the heroes have been handed a weapon they can use; Doom’s time platform. So, the true nature of the story is finally revealed and yep, it’s a time travel book. Which on the one hand is cause for some pretty serious concern about how the book’s going to end, but on the other? I’ve got to admit, I’m interested. And, against all odds and evidence from the last four issues, it’s because of the discussion about just what they’re going to do. Cap and Tony are adamant that they should travel back in time and reason with Pym to stop him creating Ultron. Wolverine on the other hand has read comics with Hank Pym in them before and points out what no one wants to admit; that the second they tell Pym he can’t create Ultron, they guarantee he will.
So they have to kill him.
And you know what, I think he may be right. This is one of the smartest, most honest approaches to Marvel’s parade of geniuses I’ve ever seen. The fastest way to get one of these guys to do something is to tell them they can’t and as a result, this is a straight up no win scenario. They kill Pym, the effects on time are horrifying. They don’t kill Pym, Ultron’s created and the effects on the world are horrific. There’s no easy answer and the search for that answer, as well as the refusal to do the one thing neither Tony or Cap prepared to do. At least for now…
Extra bonus marks for both Fury’s mini Raiders of the Lost Ark warehouse of old superhero tech too, especially his response to Spidey’s line about his webshooters being there (‘You’re the only guy who can have webshooters?’) and extra special bonus points for it being retro (Cap’s energy shield! Dude!) and for Tony’s nod and wink to Battlestar Galactica. Bendis is clearly a fan.
Extra extra special bonus points for the eventual plan too; go upsteam to when Ultron is and kill him. Fury even picks a smart team for it too; Tony, Cap, Storm, Sue Richards, Red Hulk, Black Widow, Quicksilver and Quake. That’s a solid strategy with a solid unit backing it up. It’s just a shame that, if I’m reading it right, Widow at the very least is still in the bunker when the kill-team move out. It’s not on the level of the wild inconsistencies in who was where that showed up in Avengers vs X-Men last year but it’s still a clunky play that someone should have spotted.
And then there’s that final page, with the hard choice being made by the one person in the room who can make choices like that. Logan is going to go and kill Hank Pym, and I suspect he won’t be alone. Whether or not he makes it, and the effect his trip will have, fascinates me and by the end of this issue, I was all the way back onboard. Age of Ultron has taken it’s time getting here, but the implications of what’s about to happen are fascinating. Bring on book six.
Alasdair Stuart
Leave a Comment so farIs Food Writing Biased Toward Wine?
The Wall Street Journal runs a promising story today about the growing appreciation of beer and the practice of pairing beer with cheese. Author Davide Berretta shares good news about beer-and-cheese pairings popping up at Slow Food's cheese festival in Italy and at American gourmet bars such as Beer Table in Brooklyn. But Berretta also uses biased language that portrays beer as a less deserving product than wine, a dangerous threat to wine's sacred place on restaurant menus and the palates of gourmands.
The headline (which was likely written by a copy-editor, not Berretta) sets the tone: "Trouble Brews for Wine; Cheese Chooses Beer" [emphasis added]. The story is about growth in an industry: beer. More people are appreciating good beer in the way many people appreciate good wine. Both can coexist, and the world can enjoy more fine libations.
But in the very first sentence, Berretta posits this growth as a conflict between beer and wine — and of course beer is the uncouth and unwanted guest at that dinner party. His first sentence reads:
After wrestling for a spot on the gourmet drink list, beer is trying to push deeper into wine territory: right by the cheese platter. [emphasis added]
The amount of bias here is maddening. First beer is an aggressor, "wrestling" and "pushing" for recognition. But worse, it's seen as an invading (in other words, unwelcome) force on "wine territory," as though wine somehow has sole ownership over cheese. They are paired together often, yes. But cheese is no more "wine territory" than peanut butter is "jelly territory." It's an example, not a rule.
Wine and cheese are historically consumed together more often than beer and cheese in what writers like Berretta consider "gourmet" settings — that is, France and Italy. But in countries like Germany, Belgium, and the Czech Republic, whose beer culture is as rich as France and Italy's wine culture, artisanal beer and cheese are equally regarded. And in all countries, people can enjoy both.
Berretta is biased on a more systemic level, too, in his sourcing. Aside from the one Brooklyn restaurant, he quotes mostly sources from Italy and France, two countries with strong wine preferences and beer cultures that are in their infancy. (A decade ago, all either one produced was fizzy yellow stuff; today, the number of breweries exporting to the U.S. from each country is still in the single digits.) Berretta doesn't mention Belgium, Germany, the Czech Republic, or Britain. And he scarcely mentions the United States; I could name a dozen places in D.C. alone that do beer-and-cheese pairings.
Anyway.
It's wonderful that good beer is getting attention, and that media are picking up on food lovers' enthusiasm for it. But food media is still biased toward wine. Hopefully soon writers will realize that beer is not the enemy and is not seeking to steal wine's thunder. It's just another food for people to enjoy.
Photo by will ockenden via Flickr, Creative Commons Attribution License
Pingback: Dam Good and Sweet: National Honors for Engert, Wabeck, and Guas - Young & Hungry - Washington City Paper
Pingback: Blue Coaster33
Pingback: youporn
Pingback: YouTube likes kopenIn these retooled versions of Max’s Logbook (2003) and Max’s Mystical Logbook (2004), Moss discards the graph-paper backgrounds, expands the role of a small green pencil-topper that is (at least in the young narrator’s mind) a visitor from space with telepathic powers and remixes lightly revised)Google is offering a free webinar to educate advertiser on the new AdWords interface. The webinar takes place tomorrow, Friday, June 26th at 11am (PST). To register, go to this URL and sign up.
This webinar will teach you how to use the new interface. Ariel Bardin, Product Management Director for the new AdWords interface, will guide you through the new interface. You'll learn how to manage your account using the new interface and make use of the new features.
You can even submit questions prior to the webinar for Google to answer. To submit your question, go over here.
The previous webinar was successful, so if you missed it, try not to miss this one.
Forum discussion at Google AdWords Help.Lisa Brown, Michigan Representative
From Ballotpedia
Contents
Democrat Lisa Brown of West Bloomfield is the current state representative for the 39th District of the Michigan House of Representatives serving her first term.
Lisa Brown’s Voting Record
Lisa Brown on Key Votes of the 2009-2010 Legislature
Lisa Brown’s Committee Assignments, 2009-2010 Legislature
- Appropriations
Lisa Brown’s
- Michigan House Democrats - Lisa Brown
- Campaign Contributions: 2008, 2006- Admissions
- Academics
- Academic Programs
- Schools & Departments
- Honors Program
- Travel at Barton
- Center for Religious Studies
- Commencement
- Course Offerings
- Academic Resources
- Faculty Directory
- Office of the Registrar
- Hackney Library
- College Catalogs
- Current Students
- Alumni/Friends
- Athletics
- About
Barton College President Norval Kneten considers his new role as president of Conference Carolinas right up his alley.
“When you think about the ideal college athletic experience, you think about Division II,” Kneten said in a telephone interview while traveling through Texas on Friday afternoon. “You think about a balance in athletics and academics.
“That’s […]Learn More! →routes du bonheur Suggestions for itineraries to discover the world
Search directory > Savoy / Mont Blanc > hotel Ain. ...Read more
France, Crozet
Getaway - Between Bresse, Dombes et Mâconnais
Getaway - Lyons
Getaway - The Beaujolais
Getaway - The Jura
charming hotel Méribel
luxury hotel Megève
luxury accommodation Genève
exclusive accommodation Annecy
castel hotel Chambéry
booking hotel Chamonix - mont blanc
charming hotel Crozet
luxury hotel La clusaz
luxury accommodation Manigod
exclusive accommodation Le bourget-du-lac
castel hotel Chamonix-mont-blanc
booking hotel Méribel
boutique hotel Cruseilles
luxury getaway Courchevel 1850
unique hotels Val d'isère
luxury stay Veyrier-du-lac
luxury getaway Talloires
luxury lodge Megève
heritage hotel Val thorens
charming hotel Ain
luxury hotel Savoie
luxury accommodation Haute-savoie
exclusive accommodation Rhône-alpesThink you're smarter than your friends? Prove it by tackling Sport24's almost impossible yet highly addictive quiz!
Get Sport24 on your mobile
Luiz Felipe Scolari has revealed he will discuss his future with
the Brazil Football Confederation after Saturday's 2014 World Cup
third-place play-off against the Netherlands.The host nation saw their tournament ended in devastating fashion as
they crashed to a 7-1 defeat against Germany in the semi-finals on
Tuesday, marking the South American's biggest defeat in their
footballing history.
The Samba Kings will, however, get the chance to salvage a modicum of
respect when they face the Dutch for bronze in Brasilia this weekend,
although it could prove Scolari's last game in charge of the team, with
the CBF set to act swiftly in its assessment of this week's implosion.
Scolari said: "We (Brazil's coaching staff) have a deal with the CBF
until the game on Saturday and after that, probably, we will have a
conversation to sort some things out."
Looking back over Brazil's performance against the Germans, the coach
said:  (just) had a bad defeat."
24.com publishes all comments posted on articles provided that they adhere to our Comments Policy. Should you wish to report a comment for editorial review, please do so by clicking the 'Report Comment' button to the right of each comment.REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
(based on 6 reviews)
67%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 6 customers
Sort by
Displaying reviews 1-6
Back to top
It works
By Chip
from Mustang, OK
About Me Casual/ Recreational
See all my reviews
I bought this to put on my grandsons bicycle since it did not have a mount or the space for a bottle cage, it works well on the handlebars. It looks a little disproportional mounted on a kids bike but he loves it, and it is very stable. It is extremely easy to remove and install anytime he wants. It is a good investment and can be use on an adult bike on extremely long rides, which is what I do with the one I bought for myself.
(1 of 1 customers found this review helpful)
Water where you need it.
By Mount Tam Man
from Marin County CA
I bought one of these for my young son who goes through water like a Camel. His bike came with only one water cage and no place else to mount one. I put one of these on his handlebars and now he has a very easy reach to his water. He drinks the top water and then switches his full water bottle to the top. I ended up buying two more - for my wife's and my bikes. The only other thing I recommend is changing the thumb screw out for an Allen head screw - that way you can really crank down on it to prevent the cage from tilting. Otherwise this is a great product that really works.
About Me Avid Cyclist.
Handlebar mount was the way to go
By Noah's Dad
from San Diego
Due to my frame config.on my son'e bike, Handlebar mount was the only way to go!
Item No. »
NA-HBWBC
Quantity:
We Make Shopping Safe, Secure and Easy
Return to MobileMerry letterpress cards
4-G1T
box of 6 cards + envelopes
folded cards: 3.31 x 5.44.
cards: sustainably letterpressed on bamboo paper. envelopes: patterned, 100% post-consumer recycled, fsc certified paper. made with love in upstate New York.
packaged in a handsome kraft bottom box. box tray: 100% post-consumer recycled. lid: 50% post-consumer recycled clear polyester.
Available as:
- 6 folded cards - letterpress - patterned envelopes - kraft boxAfter going through a public beta for the last couple of months, the BlackBerry Social software development kit has graduated to full 1.0 status, which means we’ll now start seeing apps launching with BlackBerry Messenger integration. App World submissions received by July 8 will be available for the eventual release of BBM 6.0. Now that the primary Java tools for BBM Social are done, RIM has simultaneously kicked off the beta for their WebWorks platform. Now devs that prefer to use web languages like JavaScript, CSS, and HTML will be able to make their apps a little more social.
BBM Social has been in the works since last September, and promises to allow app devs to do stuff like inject group chat into their apps, share apps with BBM contacts, transfer files, and change BBM profile and avatar info. Of course, BlackBerry Messenger is an instant messaging client that is exclusive to RIM’s smartphones (although there have been whispers of it finding its way to Android and iOS).
Entire social circles buy in to the BlackBerry lifestyle for BBM alone, and as such, it’s a good move on RIM’s part to let devs tap into what many consider to be BlackBerry’s last selling point. It’s particularly nice because if you’re in a group that all packs a BlackBerry, you don’t have to worry about figuring out if folks are using Gtalk, AIM, Windows Live Messenger, or whatever else; everyone has BlackBerry Messenger, and it’s already installed. The lack of cross-platform connectivity is a bit of a problem, and will likely stem developer interest in BBM since most are also spending time with Android and iPhone. Still, I’m curious to see what kind of new use cases these APIs enable. Multiplayer gaming is a bit of a no-brainer, and we’ve already seen some geopositioning stuff, but what else would you guys like to see?
Devs that want to try out the new BlackBerry Messenger Social SDKs can hit up RIM’s landing page.Billie Hatfield
Billie is known as the gun-toting granny of the Hatfield clan. She always packs a pistol, no matter where she goes. Billie is full of old-school wisdom and family history. She is not only the glue that keeps the Hatfields together, but also keeps everyone in line, especially Mark. Billie is the mother of Mark, Missy and John T., and she has taught all of them to be proud of their family history and to never take any guff from anyone.We finished the installation of our wood cookstove and I cooked my first meal on it this winter. I browned pork steaks on the stovetop and finished them in the oven along with potatoes and carrots using a dutch oven. It was easy and went very well. I am not convinced bread will be so easy, but it helps that the oven has a thermometer so I don't have to go by "feel". We're very pleased with our new stove.
Leaving our dining room and going into Mom's apartment we pass through a short hall. There is a large closet on the left that holds some pantry items and school books and supplies. This area used to be a bedroom.
Here's Mom's living area. She's all moved in. We have not completed some details like shades and her divider curtain, but it's already quite comfortable and I think it feels like home.
Here is the view looking back towards our part of the house. She has her entry and kitchenette here. I think it's working out very well. It's a lovely, comfortable space.
Here's Mom in her usual spot saying "Hi". I am so happy how this all worked out. I am very glad that Mom has a home with us. What a good thing it is.
Mom's dog Dazzle is also very content. She has Joey to keep her sociable and the kids to keep her hoppin'.
I thought you might enjoying seeing how things turned out.
How wonderful! I always wondered how a wood cook stove would actually work and it sounds like its doing great!
So glad you mom is all settled in. : ) Her space looks lovey, y'all did a great job!
Blessings!
Glad you posted this! I like showing people!! :)
Wow! It's so fun to see pictures. Everything turned out great! I love the wood floors and the paint colors and... the tile behind your new stove! Beautiful. :)
So lovely! I will have to post some photos of Mom's room. It has been such a good decision for all of us.
I am really curious about the wood cookstove. Could you send me a link to info about it?
I just found your blog. I'm a fellow Minnesotan and pleased to meet you. Hope to read more of your adventures.James Tamou backs teammate Tariq Sims to make State of Origin debut for New South Wales next week.
- From: Townsville Bulletin
- May 19, 2014
North Queensland Cowboys play the Sydney Roosters at 1300 smiles Stadium Townsville. Anthony Miniciello and Tariq Sims Picture: Fiona Harding Source: News Corp Australia
PROP James Tamou believes the chance of a State of Origin debut next week is bringing out the best in North Queensland teammate Tariq Sims.
New South Wales coach Laurie Daley phoned Sims during the week to talk about the importance of a strong showing against the Sydney Roosters. Sims, 24, delivered, making 23 tackles and 112m while crossing for his first try of the season.
With forwards Andrew Fifita, Greg Bird and Boyd Cordner, who was injured playing against the Cowboys on Saturday, due to miss game one, Tamou said it was time for the North Queensland lock to make his debut.
If Sims did earn a call-up, it would make up for the time lost during a stop-start career due to successive broken legs.
“Tariq Sims had a brilliant game and he told me during the week that Laurie had spoke to him and said ‘make sure you have a big one this weekend against the Roosters’,” Tamou said.
“I think he had a really big one and his defence and inside pressure was very important for how we played the game.
“If anyone is to fill that spot it will be Tariq.”
Tamou played his first State of Origin in 2012 and said he had been offering his clubmate advice to help him live up to his potential.
“I always say to him on the field ‘put that extra effort in, the Blues selectors are watching’ and stuff like that,” Tamou said. “We’ll always get together during the week and talk about the Blues.
“Because I’ve been there before I try and push him along that extra bit.
“And it really showed he wants that opportunity to put that Blues jumper on.”
Tamou was less confident of his own chances of being selected in the NSW side, despite excelling alongside his Queensland opponent Matt Scott in the Cowboys’ three successive wins.
While those around him were confident he would earn his sixth cap, Tamou himself said that he hoped he had done enough to catch Daley’s attention.
“I’ve had talks with a few family members and they were saying ‘you’ll be right’,” Tamou said.
“But I felt I didn’t go so well in the (Anzac) Test.
“And these couple of games after that leading up to the team announcement, hopefully I’ve done enough.”
Daley will announce his squad tomorrow evening.
Have your say:
View the Ministry of Education OYAP Fact Sheet (PDF)
For details about OYAP at your school please speak to your Co-op, Technology, or Guidance teacher. Please feel free to contact the School Board’s
OYAP Co-ordinator, Ron Aimola, 519-766-9140, Ext 1.
To view all of our videos, visit us on YouTube!<<
Tourism In Russia, A Silver Lining For Ruble Nose Dive
MOSCOW — Russia placed 45th in the world on the most recent Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index, a ranking&nb...
Searching For Summer Camp In Russia Is Serious Business
MOSCOW — In a small town outside the capital, 15-year-old boys live in barracks with soldiers. They march in formation, memorize army regulation...
Patriotism Has Its Price In Russia
MOSCOW — This month, a new topic for discussion appeared on the regulation.gov.ru website: it was about plans for “patriotism ...
Russia Flex...Today we’re not going to be taljking about beauty products. Today we’re going to focus on the relief effort for the people of Haiti. We’re making our donations and today we’re asking that you do as well. Every little bit helps so don’t feel bad if you are not able to make a big donation. Here are a few ways you can donate today:
- Visit the Red Cross and select the “Haiti Relief and Development” fund.
- Text “HAITI” to 90999 to donate $10 to the Red Cross.
- Text “YELE” to 501501 to donate $5 to Yele Haiti.
- Leave a comment on this entry. I’ll donate $1 on your behalf if you’re one of the 1st 100 people to comment.
Talk to your friends and family, ask them if they have made their donation.Are high heels an economic indicator?
The last boom saw heels on women's shoes pushed to new heights. As the luxury-goods boom turned accessories into coveted "it" items, designers seemed to be engaged in an arms race. Manolo Blahnik added a 6-inch style to his line in 2008 after years of topping out at 5; Christian Louboutin pumped out red-soled 6-inch and 7-inch heels and dared to make an 8-inch platform. Two models fell during Prada's spring 2009 runway show while tottering in the fashion house's extremely high strappy platforms.
Now, amid considerable economic uncertainty, lower-heeled styles—particularly tapered "kitten" heels—are back with a vengeance. Karl Lagerfeld showed several kitten heels in his Chanel cruise show in Saint-Tropez earlier this month. Marc Jacobs, Roberto Cavalli and Marni—even Jimmy Choo, famous for its sky-high stilettos—are all now adding more kitten heels 1½ inches or lower to their collections. "It's a return to ladylike chic" after vampy or girly shoe styles, says Sally Lohan, a trend expert at fashion-consulting service WGSN, which had forecast a kitten-heel comeback in 2009. Kitten heels are "pretty but more grounded."
High Heels Fall Back to Earth
Click here for an unscientific look at the rise and decline of designer heel heights. not everyone thinks the kitten heel means bad times. Shorter shoes might be "an indication of the recession we've just been through," suggests Jeffrey Hirsch, editor of the Stock Trader's Almanac, adding that such correlations have "not so much" validity anymore.
Write to Ray A. Smith at ray.smith@wsj.comHTML Templates Needed and Oscommerce
This project received 6 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of $75 USD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Skills Required
Project BudgetN/A
Total Bids6
Project Description
I am looking for someone that has a collection of Oscommerce tempaltes at least 10-100 of them and i am looking for someone that has a list of website templates . I know google used to sell them 300k tempalates for $[url removed, login to view] now i am in need of them again . If you can send them to me i will pay up to $40 for the collection soCBS Pulls Made in Jersey
By TV Guide News - email
October 10th, 2012
October 10th, 2012
The fall TV season has seen its first casualty.
CBS has pulled Made in Jersey from its Friday-night lineup and will replace it with new episodes of Undercover Boss beginning Nov. 2, the network announced Wednesday.
Other Links From TVGuide.comDoubtful… But hopeful
WR Malcolm Mitchell (hamstring) did not practice today. Richt said Mitchell is doubtful, but Richt is "hopeful."
— Seth Emerson (@SethEmerson) October 26, 2011
Richt also said he didn't know if Mitchell would make the trip.
— Seth Emerson (@SethEmerson) October 26, 2011
This entry was posted on Wednesday October 26th, 2011 \pm\31 6:33 pm at 6:33 pm and is filed under Allaying my own fears, Injuries, Pre-game jitters with tags Football, Sports. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Say SomethingPICO RIVERA >> A Pico Rivera gang member was sentenced Wednesday to 60 years to life in prison for shooting a woman in the head while she slept in her apartment in 2011. He believed she snitched on him in a robbery case.
The victim survived but is now in a vegetative state.
Arthur Lerma, 36, of Whittier must also pay restitution. Deputy District Attorney Brock Lunsford said the amount hasn’t been determined, and a restitution hearing was set for May 28 at Norwalk Superior Court.
Lunsford said the sentencing for the getaway driver, 35-year-old Michelle Caldera of Whittier, was continued to May 22. She faces a maximum sentence of 40 years to life in prison.
A third defendant, Jose Trejo, 24, of Pico Rivera, took a plea deal and testified for the prosecution. He will be sentenced May 15 and is expected to receive eight years in prison.
Last month, Lerma was found guilty of attempted murder, shooting at an inhabited dwelling and possession of a firearm by a felon with prior convictions, while Caldera was convicted of attempted murder and possession of a firearm by a felon with prior convictions.
Jurors also found true the allegations that Lerma and Caldera committed the crime for the benefit of a street gang and that Lerma personally fired the weapon.
Gloria Montes was shot May 19, 2011, in the 5300 block of Lindsey Avenue in Pico Rivera.
One of her former neighbors testified she heard Lerma yell, “Gogo,” then saw him fire several shots into the bedroom where Montes was sleeping.
The witness said Lerma then casually walked away.
“Gogo” is Montes’ nickname.
Sheriff’s detectives said Lerma believed Montes cooperated with law enforcement in a 2002 robbery case that sent him to prison for eight years. He had been recently paroled when the shooting happened.
Caldera drove him and Trejo to Lindsey Avenue.
Trejo testified he was standing about 30 feet away when all of a sudden he heard gunfire. He ran but Lerma later caught up to him. He testified that Lerma threatened to kill him and his family if he said anything.
The prosecution said Lerma and Trejo both belong to the Pico Nuevo gang while Caldera is from the Whittier Varrio Locos gang, which is an ally of the Pico Rivera gang. companion for all your travels, this intricately beaded pocket mirror will make sure you never have a hair out of place..Crying Tiger Lamb From 'Everyday Thai Cooking'
Crying Tiger Lamb from Katie Chin's new cookbook, Everyday Thai Cooking, is named for its ability to make even a tiger weep. It's not only fiery, but it's also got a strong hand with salty fish sauce, sour lime juice, and grassy cilantro. In other words: it's seriously awesome, and a true gift to lamb lovers. MoreGet Your Logo on a POP
POP phone holders and media stands are rocketing at retail. Now you can get a logo on it!
POP phone grips were flying off the shelves this past Christmas season and are continuing to show not sign of slowing down.
Would you like to see a logo on one?
Get a Free Virtual design proof of the POP phone grip. Simply email us your logo and give us 30 minutes and we will send you back a FREE virtual proof.
Pops are terrific for trade shows, boss for business marketing and perfect for promo.
POP’s deliver in 7-10 days and all orders include free freight and no set ups.
Pop popsocket phone stand and grip flyer for tradeshow and promo marketing
coded pop phone stand prices
But these vehicles come with their own particular quirks, and all are riskier than an FDIC-insured bank account.
Let's take a look at five investments you ought to know more about. While you shouldn't put all your money into any single one of them, as part of a diversified portfolio, each could have a role to play in helping you boost your income.
For more on smart investing:
- 4 Growth Giants That Have Turned Into Stock Bargains
- Target-Date Funds: Same Dates Can Earn Wildly Different Returns
- Bond-Market Crash: Is Disaster Ahead for the "Safe" Part of Your Portfolio?
You can follow Motley Fool contributor Dan Caplinger on Twitter @DanCaplinger. He has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Enterprise Products Partners. The Motley Fool owns shares of Annaly Capital.
1 CommentArchive for Wednesday, October 27, 1999
Jim Witt1927-1999
Funeral services for Junior Lee "Jim" Witt, 72, Lawrence, Kan., will be at 10:30 a.m. Monday, Oct. 25, 1999, at West Haven Baptist Church, Tonganoxie, Kan. Mr. Witt died Oct. 20, 1999, at Lawrence Memorial Hospital. Mr. Witt had been a resident of the Lawrence area since 1965.
He was a truck driver and rancher. He worked for United Transport 32 years, until his retirement in 1989. He served in the US. Army during World War II in the Japanese theatre. He was a member of Dorsey-Liberty Post No. 14, American Legion and the Mt. Oread Aerie 0309, FOE.
He was born April 9, 192, in Montreal, Mo., the son of Richard Lee and Althea Thornton Witt.
He married Virginia Price on May 5, 1952, in Arkansas. She preceded him in death on Oct. 15, 1993. He is survived by one daughter, Patricia Ann Witt-Lange, Kansas City, Kan.; one son, Michael James Witt, Pass Christian, Miss.; three brothers, Robert "Bob" Witt, Bevier, Mo., Walter Witt Kansas City, Kan., David Witt, Bonner Springs, Kan.; two sisters, Jessie Forbes and Georgia Knight both of Kansas City, Kan.; seven grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
Burial will be in Hubbel Hill Cemetery, Tonganoxie, Kan. The family will greet friends from 5 to 7 p.m. Sunday at Warren-McElwain Mortuary. The family suggests memorials to the Duchesne Clinic, 636 Tauromee, Kansas City, Kan., 66101 and may be sent in care of the mortuary.
More like this story
- Southern Leavenworth County Leadership Development to celebrate 25 years April 9
- Wine and shine: Leadership class celebrating 25 years tonight at Holy-Field
- Employer sent to prison for hiring workers illegally in U.S.
- Local attorney faces incumbent in school board race
- Auction for KU basketball shirt to benefit memorial scholarship fund
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Okay, so maybe I don't have a future as a weather forecaster, but then, come to think of it, weather forecasters are some of the few people who can be wrong and still KEEP their jobs! As I'm writing this on Sunday evening, Mason County is under a severe storm watch and I think I can hear thunder. Big grin!Wow, we have a lot of birthdays to celebrate this weekMonica Cotter on the 13th, Jackson Calhoun is turning 7 on the 15th, Jordan Dyess on the 16th, and Sam Hoerster IV on the 18th. And celebrating their anniversary on the 18th are Dick and Dorris Ann Pierson (we love the bull and have named him Nick). I hope you all have a wonderful day!Prayer requests this week have been asked for Bill Koock, Lee Graham, Brenda Kothmann, Steve Toone, Ruby Toeppich and Jane Krause. Also in need of good thoughts are Dick Pierson, Kendra Kensing Code, Ken Stahl, Betty Kitchen, Jacob Bibb, Paul Toeppich, Tommy Garrett and Tommy Ruffolo. And always remember our family who are housebound or in nursing homes, they need our thoughts and prayers as wellAnna Grace Durst, Etta Marie Mutschink, Pearl Leifeste, Dick Pierson and Jane Krause.No matter who is in office or what else is happening in our government, our service men and women deserve our complete support. Every day, every hour, they put their lives on the line for the every day freedoms we take for granted. Its a comfort to me to know they're out there protecting our country from all enemiesforeign and domestic. These are our husbands, our sons, our daughters, our nephews, our nieces, our friends, these are the people we love, never forget the sacrifice they are making for us.In light of the fires in west Texas, I would also like to ask that we keep all fire fighters in our thoughts and prayers. They do a tremendous and scary job. I hope they put the fires out soon and can return home safely.The Lenten luncheon this week is on Wednesday, April 13th at noon at St. Paul Lutheran Church. Next week's luncheon is to be determined. Please join us for faith, fellowship and food. Pastor Mark relayed the story of Lazarus coming back to life. Martha asked Jesus why He hadn't come sooner; He could have prevented Lazarus' death, but Jesus knew what He was doing when He waited. He wanted to make sure everyone was certain that Lazarus was truly dead, so that when Jesus raised him from the dead all the people would understand the power of faith and belief. Miracles can happen when no one is looking, all it takes is for us to believe.ger/apr 13 col-bits.40 CFR 86.104 - Section numbering; construction.
(a) The model year of initial applicability is indicated by the section number. The two digits following the hyphen designate the first model year for which a section is effective. A section remains effective until superseded.
Example.
(b) A section reference without a model year suffix refers to the section applicable for the appropriate model year.
(c) Unless indicated otherwise, all provisions in this subpart apply to petroleum-fueled, natural gas-fueled, liquefied petroleum gas-fueled and methanol-fueled vehicles.
[42 FR 32954, June 28, 1977. Redesignated at 45 FR 14508, Mar. 5, 1980, as amended at 54 FR 14499, Apr. 11, 1989; 59 FR 48504,.The New Nikon D400 - $800
Started Sep 10, 2012 | Discussions thread
Nice having such fantasy when it comes to pricing. Certainly hope its minimal twice the amount you state as ONLY then can you expect a true upgrade of the D300 / D300s.
Keep on dreaming!
Cheers - Herman
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowOprah Tapes A Show In The Jackson Compound!
October 11, 2010 4:31 PM
Oprah Winfrey is known for getting the interviews no one else can even think of getting. And now she has done it again! With an interview being taped inside the Jackson compound complete with a tour!
(Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for AFI)Holds Molding While Urethane Cures
Leaves No Adhesive Residue for Up to Seven Days
CRL Blue Windshield and Trim Securing Tape is a blue crepe paper tape with built-in UV stability and adhesive transfer resistance for up to seven days.
Ideal for holding in moldings on urethane-set windshields, also as a masking tape for tooled silicone joints in frameless shower door installations, or any exterior sealing applications like storefronts where the metal needs to be protected.
Width of Tape: 1 in (25 mm)
Feet per Roll: 180 ft (55 m)Thomas Hirschhorn, Andrew Lord, and Lari Pittman at Regen Projects
A sense of a new and rewarding whole — a sum that both surpasses and reinvigorates the parts — is palpable here. The show is not unlike an exquisite corpse, a process/project in which individual artists contribute, with limited knowledge of the others’ contributions, to a surprising final work. Lord’s klutzy and lumpy yet nimble and elegant ceramic vessel/sculptures help to convert the gallery space into something of a Beaux Arts parlor. In such a setting, Pittman’s ripely flamboyant paintings blush and heave and revel in the decorousness and messiness of life, more freely than they commonly have in simple white-cube settings; meanwhile their bounty of bulbous forms, truncated extremities, amputated limbs, and cups that runneth over resonate with Lord’s urns, platters and ewers, which are both robust and fragile (a break in one is salved with glue and decorated with gold in the way of the Japanese tradition of the honored flaw). Pittman’s works bridge Lord’s objects and Hirschhorn’s collages. The context allows Hirschhorn’s pieces to function more as Trojan horses — their impressively rhythmic, undulating and scale-shifting compositions initially caught from the corner of one’s eye as dynamic yet tasteful pop-pulp tapestries playing their part in the salon. But closer inspection reveals a manic mélange of porn, tattoo-skin pics, modern primitive extreme shots and graphic Iraq War casualty photos of the sort only found in countries with less self-censoring press than ours. Stitched together with jittery marker scribbling and punctuated with symbols borrowed from political, commercial and faith-based enterprises, they evince both careful crafting and also a kind of meatball-surgery approach that together form the work’s final metaphorical veneer. Hirschhorn’s is among the most brilliantly perverse and culturally astute work around, and it returns the compliment to the works of Pittman and Lord. It reminds, by way of a formal acuity that can get lost in Hirschhorn’s larger installations, that all three artists in this exhibition derive their charge from the fusion of rigorous design with deliberate and confrontational stylistics, imagery compilation and material handling. Amidst all of the exhibitions — some of them blockbusters — that have succeeded in contextualizing and pairing the works of each of these three artists among other contemporaries, it’s hard to recall any that succeeded as well as the convening of this trio in a relatively modest show. Exquisite.
Regen Projects: 633 Almont Drive, West Hollywood, Tues.-Sat., 10 a.m.-6 p.m., through April 18. (310) 276-5424,?MAMLEO gives Menino no confidence vote
Yawu Miller | 10/21/2009, 6:03 a.m.
Of the department’s 2,177 officers, 34.6 percent are minorities, down from 35.9 percent under the last commissioner.
While the department relies on civil service exam scores for promotions, the commissioner has the power to appoint officers to command positions as well.
Officers in MAMLEO have asked that the department use a wider range of criteria for promotions, including an officer’s record of complaints or commendations.
MAMLEO President Larry Ellison and other officers met with Menino and Davis last week. Elison said the mayor and commissioner did not offer concrete changes, but offered to make promotions of individual officers.
Davis told the Globe that the department had promoted one black officer and one Latino officer to sergeant detective.
“Once they found out we were going to be doing this standout, they wanted to meet,” Ellison said. “The mayor has never met with us in his 16 years as mayor. I told them what they offered us wasn’t going to be acceptable to my membership and they objected to it in a vote on Thursday and again on Saturday.”
Monday afternoon 40 black and Latino police officers from MAMLEO canvassed Mattapan Square, handing out leaflets detailing their allegations against the Menino administration, Ellison said.
“People were very receptive,” he commented. “They had no idea how bad it is.”Beauty Alert: Evelyn Lozada Debuts Cosmetic Line
Evelyn Lozada is busy building an empire that will solidify her as a MF’n factor.
The reality show star Basketball Wives has debuted her cosmetic line aptly-named E by Evelyn Lozada. A high performance beauty brand at a price point that her fans and makeup-lovers can afford, the collection includes eye-shadows, powder pigments, blushes, bronzers, lipwear and nail polish that follow the top trends of today. There will also be two specialty items: a rhinestone-encrusted shadow palette and a 28-color shadow palette.
Already a glam girl, Evelyn drew inspiration from her own beauty looks and style.
“I have always been a risk taker while.”
While this line hopefully catches fire, Lozada will also be prepping for her wedding special, Ev and Ocho, set to air on VH1.
The collection will be available on.Family of former Lightning D Luke Richardson shows ultimate class in a terrible time
In case you missed this from last weekend, the 14-year-old daughter of former Tampa Bay Lightning defenseman Luke Richardson committed suicide on Friday. But the Richardson family did not close down, as no one would have begrudged it.
Instead, the family, openly shared the circumstances of her death at a memorial service Wednesday that attracted about 5,600 people, reports said, and also donated Daron's organs. According to a report on the TSN.ca web site, four people benefited from the transplants.
We did not get to see a lot of Richardson in the Tampa Bay area. He only played here during the 2006-07 season and had three assists in 27 games. Most of his time with the team was spent as a scratch. But instead of sulking, Richardson became an eye in the sky for then-coach John Tortorella. It was the beginning of Richardson's transition to coaching, and Richardson is now an assistant with the Senators.
As his career wound down, Richardson was always available to talk and was a great person for a reporter to talk to for some perspective, be it about that night's game or historical. And when he left the Lightning to join the Senators, he always greeted us with a smile and a handshake.
We wish Luke, his wife Stephanie and their daughter Morgan, 16, all the best.
0FOR THE ORGANIZERS behind Art Soiree, a celebration to spotlight political cartoons satirizing the White House, the president’s second inauguration is actually Obama 3.0.
“This idea was born three years ago, when myself and our co-founder, Tati Pastukhova, decided we should highlight the artistic skills of cartoonists and give them great attention,” Sandro Kereselidze tells Comic Riffs. “From the beginning, Art Soiree Productions goal has always been to promote art in its many different forms through the events we produce ‘where art has no limits and takes any form.’ “
On Saturday night, promoting art takes the form of “First-Term Retrospective,” an exhibition and party at Georgetown’s Malmaison that will feature such Pulitzer-winning cartoonists as Mike Keefe, Signe Wilkinson, The Post’s Tom Toles and Ann Telnaes — as well as Kevin ”KAL” Kallaugher, the Economist and Baltimore Sun cartoonist who just launched a Kickstarter campaign.
(The event will also spotlight a performance by Suspicious Package, the Toles-led journo/wonk band.)
Comic Riffs caught up with Kereselidze to discuss the event:
. (KAL / courtesy of Art Soiree - .) .
MC: How did this event come to be born — and can you shed some light on how this all came together?
SK: On Jan. 17th, 2010 with a touch of art and style, Art Soiree Productions celebrated the first year of Obama’s presidency by presenting a one of a kind exhibition: “Obama’s Portfolio. “
Obama’s first inauguration really gave us the opportunity to promote this kind of art in a way that would appeal to the political sensibilities of the area. And it turned out to be a great success. It was the first organized exhibit of political cartoons that artistically highlighted the major events of last election cycle. It attracted over 300 attendees, some from political and social arenas as well as created a buzz in both local and international news.
On Jan. 26, 2012, we hosted another successful cartoonist exhibition called “Apocalyptoon 2012” — where the exhibit was focused on End of the World predictions by Myans and also unveiling what 2012 will be bringing to political world. This time we let cartoonists predict with their simple pen stroke and to foreshadowed the future.
The public exhibit attracted 2,500 attendees over the weekend and was highlighted at many local and international media.
This year just in time for the inauguration weekend, we decided to host Art Soiree’s 3rd annual cartoonist exhibit where we offer a journey back through Obama’s first-term in the office through the eyes of the world’s most respected contemporary editorial cartoonist. in this unique exhibition, which will document the highs and lows of those years during Obama’s presidency and commenting on politics, society, economy, education, human rights, presidential elections, war, republican and democratic political figures, and more.
.
MC: Was the show curated and constructed around a theme?
SK: Yes, all shows by Art Soiree Productions are curated and constructed around a theme. This exclusive exhibition will feature nine of the most renowned editorial and political cartoonists from world’s top newspapers and magazines (including Daryl Cagle, Jimmy Margulies, Christo Komarnitski and Damien Glez).
MC: Given that it’s the inauguration of a Democratic president, just curious: Are there any right-leaning cartoonists in this show?
SK: Actually the showcase is pretty bipartisan. They take shots at people on both sides of the isle, so no matter where you are on the political spectrum there’s an opportunity to relate.
INFORMATION: 3401 Water St. NW. 202-841-6441.. 8 p.m. to midnight. $15 in advance; $20 at the door.405 Eisenbrown St, Reading, PA 19605
2 beds1.5 baths1,414 sqft Edit
A Zestimate® home valuation is Zillow's estimated market value. It is not an appraisal. Use it as a starting point to determine a home's value. Learn more
Facts
- Lot: 9,148 sqft
- Single Family
- Built in 1927
- Views: 54 all time views
- Cooling: Central
- Heating: Other
- Last sold: Nov 2012 for $125,000
- Last sale price/sqft: $88
Features
- Parking: Garage - Detached, 588 sqft
Construction
- Exterior material: Brick
- Room count: 6
- Stories: 2
- Unit count: 1
Other
- Floor size: 1,414 sqft
- Parcel #: 66530815743776
- Zillow Home ID: 89-138K.
Mortgages
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts 19605 home values will rise 0.3% next year, compared to a 0.1% fall for Muhlenberg Township as a whole. Among 19605 homes, this home is valued 17.4% less than the midpoint (median) home, and is valued 3.3% less per square foot.
Foreclosures will be a factor impacting home values in the next several years. In 19605, the number of foreclosures waiting to be sold is 50.5% less
- 501 Madison Ave4 beds, 3.5 baths
-- sqft, 17,424 sqft lot, built in 1930
- 509A Madison AveStudio, -- baths
-- sqft, 38,332 sqft lot, built in 2015
- 432 Eisenbrown St6 beds, 3 baths
1,800 sqft, 12,196 sqft lot, built in 1911
- 434 Fairview St3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,280 sqft, 1,742 sqft lot, built in 1986
- 411 Beltline Ave3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,838 sqft, 23,086 sqft lot, built in 1990
- 439 Raymond St2 beds, 1.5 baths
1,106 sqft, 3,920 sqft lot, built in 1928
- 204 Madison Ave3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,408 sqft, 3,049 sqft lot, built in 1930
- 218 Mayberry Ave3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,424 sqft, 3,484 sqft lot, built in 1931
- 426 Centre St4 beds, 1 baths
1,563 sqft, 8,712 sqft lot, built in 1950
- 2851 Centre AveStudio, 0.5 baths
1,800 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1990
- 524 Vesta Pl3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,158 sqft, 3,920 sqft lot, built in 1960
- 215 Columbia Ave3 beds, 2 baths
1,478 sqft, 3,920 sqft lot, built in 1962
- 110 Bernhart Ave3 beds, 1 baths
1,320 sqft, 2,613 sqft lot, built in 1920
- 119 Park Ave5 beds, 3 baths
1,728 sqft, 2,614 sqft lot, built in 1914
- 2310 Hoffer AveStudio, -- baths
-- sqft, 2,613 sqft lot, built in 1929
- 1052 Alexander Dr3 beds, 2.5 baths
1,456 sqft, 3,920 sqft lot, built in 2007
- 415 Spring St2 beds, 1 baths
3,077 sqft, 3,049 sqft lot, built in 1910
- 551 Spring St1 beds, 1 baths
-- sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 400 Spring Valley Rd1 beds, 1 baths
700 sqft, 148,104 sqft lot, built in 1917
- 900 Centre Ave # 31 beds, 1 baths
-- sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 1208 Marion St3 beds, 1 baths
1,407 sqft, 1,306 sqft lot, built in 1925
- 4425 Pottsville Pike UNIT 3Studio, -- baths
-- sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2002
- 4425 Pottsville Pike UNIT 1Studio, -- baths
-- sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 2002
- 900 Moss St3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,400 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 907 N 10th St # 11 beds, 1 baths
800 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --.3 mi
- Muhlenberg Middle (assigned)7-90.9 mi
- Muhlenberg.Recipe: Chickpea and Grape Tomato Salad ::.
With the days getting longer and warmer, I’m noticing more salad recipes cropping up. I don’t know about you, but I sure am craving more raw foods these days.
This simple salad is one that I’ve been making for years, I got the recipe from a Naturopathic Clinic.
Here are some of the things that I love about this salad…
- only five main ingredients
- the ingredients are naturally gluten free
- really quick and easy to put together
- a great combination of flavors and colors
- tastes even better after a bit of refrigeration
- the leftovers (if there are any) taste great a day or two later
- stable with the dressing on, making it a nice choice to pack up for a BBQ, picnic or potluck
Gluten Free | Grain Free | Egg Fee | Refined Sugar Free | Real Food | Vegetarian
- 2 Cups cooked chickpeas, or one 19 ounce can, drained and rinsed
- small container (about 1 pint) grape tomatoes or cherry tomatoes, halved
- ½ Cup feta cheese, crumbled
- ½ Cup cucumber, chopped
- ¼ Cup red onions, chopped
- 4 Tbsp olive oil
- 1 Tbsp fresh lemon juice
- 1 Tbsp apple cider vinegar
- 1 Tbsp Dijon mustard
- ¼ tsp sea salt
- In a large bowl, combine the chickpeas, grape tomatoes, feta, cucumber and onions.
- In a small bowl, whisk together all the dressing ingredients and pour over the salad.
- Best if allowed to refrigerate, for at least an hour before serving.
~ Although feta cheese tastes great in this salad, you could try it with different types of hard cheese.
Enjoy!
To see a text listing of Laureen’s gluten free recipes, click here
For dairy, egg, nut and gluten free flour substitutions, click here
I make this for my “lunch for the week” all the time! SO GOOD! saw your post on the hearth and soul blog hop!
Doesn’t that make a pretty salad? Makes you want to just dive in. Will have to try this one.
Hi Rogene, it was nice of you to stop in, I hope you enjoy the salad!
This looks fantastic, warming, and perfect for breastfeeding and pregnant women. Would you be willing to post this on my natural food blog, superfood sundays at ……
Thanks!!
Thanks so much for sharing this on Foodie Friday… it really represents Mediterranean food… It’s Med. Diet Month.. So light and healthy.
Love the recipe. I just made a large batch of chick peas. I host a blog hop on Tuesday and would love you to link up. Have a wonderful Monday. Diane @ MamalDiane.com
I wish I had checked this recipe yesterday. We celebrated my daughters birthday and this would have been the perfect side dish! Oh well, I will save it and try it later this week. More for me. hehe
Thanks so much for sharing with Hearth and Soul!
Delicius salat!.
Good day
Thank you for your submission on Nourishing Treasures’ Make Your Own! Monday link-up.
Check back later tonight when the new link-up is running to see if you were one of the top 3 featured posts!
Laureen, I heard somone sing “Easy like a Sunday morning” the other day, and you were the first thing that popped into my head!
Love your easy recipes and this one looks perfect for an easy lunch.
Awww thanks Alea, that is too cute
This sounds like such a delicious salad, and it is so lovely and colourful too. I like the dressing as well. It sounds like the sort of thing I’d want to make lots of so there would be leftovers!
April, this salad is one of our favourites. My daughter made one to bring over for our dinner this evening. It was lovely and I managed to forget to send her bowl home with her…so guess who gets to have the leftovers 😉
What a wonderful combination! I especially love chickpeas and feta
Thanks for sharing this with Summer Salad Sundays, look forward to seeing you again soon!
Thanks Debbie. I will see you Sunday!
Hi Laureen
I love your ingredient choice and “easy” is right up my street!
Vicky
Vicky, I hope you get to try the recipe. It’s one of our go to recipes here in the Fox Household. It holds up well enough to pack in a lunch or on a picnic.Scotland struggled to put a mark on their opening match in the Hong Kong 7s this evening (28 March), losing out to championship chasing New Zealand, 33-0.
However, tomorrow will be a new day, in the seventh leg of the HSBC Sevens World Series, with ties against USA (3.34am) and Samoa (7.14am). Tonight, USA beat Samoa, 26-12, in their Friday evening encounter.
Scotland 7s head coach, Stephen Gemmell, said: “New Zealand are the World Champions. We made too many errors against them and we were punished for it.
“In the first half there were times we played our game and looked like we could possibly create something, but the kick and chase that Mark Robertson wasn’t quite able to collect was a turning point, because we were only 7-0 down with 30 seconds left to play in the half.
We now need to move into tomorrow with our heads up. If we play well and apply our strategy to the match and have some more accuracy then we can achieve something here.”
There times in the match that Scotland looked good, James Johnstone tackled well in the wide channels and Lee Jones looked threatening with ball in hand.
Centre, Robertson was the closest player to a score when he chipped the ball through and was then in space. However he wasn’t quite able to collect it and the ball went loose as he crossed the line.).
Hong Kong 7s day one
Scotland 0-33 New Zealand
Starting team: Scott Riddell, Mark Robertson, Michael Maltman, Lee Jones, Colin Gregor, Mark Bennett and James Johnstone.
Replacements: Chris Dean, James Eddie (both 9mins), Andrew Turnbull (10mins), Finlay Gillies and Scott Wight (both 12mins).The difference is night and day. Last time we did this, Kathryn was admitted into the hospital for three days. Vacation days had to be called in and so did babysitters. Dread and angst filled the air. And then there was the hot dog.
Oh God, the hot dog. It had a plastic bag inside it. Inside the casing. Kathryn took a bite, made a face, then with her forefinger and thumb she reached into the weiner and began pulling out a plastic bag. It could have been billed as the grossest magic trick ever. The bag just kept coming and coming as she tugged. I half expected a string of multicolored handkerchiefs to be tied to its end, red, blue, green, yellow, emerging to ohhs and ahhs from the audience, freeing meat by-product as they came. The nurse on her rounds declared the bag-dog combo the nastiest thing she had ever seen, and you know when a hospital nurse says that, you've got something special.
So this time, when our neurologist told us they had an ambulatory EEG device, something they could hook up to Sparky's noggin then send her home, we said, yes, please, that would be lovely.
And so what, you may wonder, do you do when you are an eight-year-old out of school for three days, hooked up to an ambulatory EEG device? With over two-dozen electrodes glued to your scalp and chest, trailing wires down your back to little black box? Well, you ambulate. And, if you are Kathryn, you mess with people.
"Can I get a cup of coffee?" I asked the waitress.
"Sure," she said, then turned to Kathryn. "And would you like anything, honey?" she asked.
Tap tap clatter clatter tap tap, my fingers flew.
Kathryn cocked her head slightly to the side, opened her mouth, and spoke in a monotone. "bacon-egg-and-cheese-sandwich-please."
Tap clatter tap tap.
"and-a-glass-of-milk."
To be fair, attaching the keyboard to the black box wasn't exactly Kathryn's idea, but she was the one who took the idea and ran with it. And while she ran, she made little whirring sounds under her breath.
Never has a cyborg's father been so proud.
LD, that was exceptional. Does Professor Stephen Hawking know that Kathryn is stealing his material?
I need to know how the waitress reacted. Also, exactly how hard did The Mom slap you when she found out about your jolly jape?
Wonderful stuff and in my considered opinion that award should have had your name on it.
Posted by: Mort's Mom | January 16, 2009 at 08:56 AM
It was only a plastic bag... what's so gross about that? Now I got meself thinking what really WOULD be gross...
Posted by: LW | January 16, 2009 at 09:12 AM
what a double whammy in this post--the hot dog (mentally spewing) and yet another example of Kathryn's awesomeness. Classic Looky, Daddy! material, I must say.
Posted by: R | January 16, 2009 at 11:03 AM
Or, she could've asked for a quart of 10W30 instead of milk....
Hope the results come back good.
(English is optional on Friday)
Posted by: Catizhere | January 16, 2009 at 11:06 AM
I was absolutely certain that the hotdog/plastic bag was some kind of metaphor for something... but I kept on reading and no, huh, it appears that it wasn't. Ergh.
Posted by: Twice Five Miles | January 16, 2009 at 11:23 AM
That is TOO FUNNY! I guess the apple dosen't fall far from the tree, eh?
Posted by: LIB | January 16, 2009 at 11:50 AM
"...you know when a hospital nurse says that, you've got something special."
Especially if you re-post a link to Andy's parents Something Special euphemism.
Dear, sweet Kathryn.
Posted by: CJ | January 16, 2009 at 01:22 PM
Sorry - Andy's parents' Something Special euphemism. I hate it when I make a grammar mistake on an English major's blog.
You were an English major, right?
Posted by: CJ | January 16, 2009 at 01:27 PM
That is the best thing EVER! I would have SO paid to see that.
Posted by: Five Left Feet | January 16, 2009 at 01:53 PM
Okay that...that needs a picture. And dear God, NOT of the hotdog. /runs to hork/
You guys rock.
And fingers crossed for you and the cyborg - hoping for some good answers from this little black box. :)
Posted by: Val | January 16, 2009 at 05:19 PM
I love your writing of these things.
Posted by: Victoria | January 17, 2009 at 12:42 AM
Took me a minute, but MAN that's good stuff. Way to make something positive out of absolute sheer craptastic events.
Posted by: whall | January 17, 2009 at 02:15 AM
I think I love her. You are a lucky lucky dad.
Posted by: Mary Ellen | January 17, 2009 at 01:17 PM
Hilarious, good for Kathryn making fun out of having electrodes on her head!
Re: the hotdog...gross! I would hope my favorite brand, Hebrew National, who answer to a Higher Authority, might be less apt to have an incident of this sort....LOL! But I know in general, the less one knows about how hot dogs are made the better!
Posted by: Mauigirl | January 17, 2009 at 01:57 PM
Fantastic! Looky Daddy and Kathryn are a great team! Next time around I want to be a dad. Kids never go for this kind of stuff coming from moms. No fair.
Posted by: ~annie | January 18, 2009 at 09:45 AM
I just saw your tweet and YOU SUCK!
Posted by: 3-Martini Jennifer | January 18, 2009 at 03:40 PM
Oh my god! How much did you sue the hot dog company for?
Posted by: geminimama | January 20, 2009 at 09:12 AM
That is awesome (the willing cyborg part.) Your kid is so cool!
Posted by: Jess | January 20, 2009 at 10:00 AM
Ha ha ha! One of those "when life gives you lemons, make chocolate milk" moments!
Posted by: Colleen - Mommy Always Wins | January 20, 2009 at 04:39 PM
Hugs and prayers.
You all seem to be coping well! (Man, she's cooler with that junk attached than I was without it....)
Posted by: WhyMommy | January 20, 2009 at 08:46 PM
Hey Brian,
I've not had the pleasure of seeing a pic of The Mom before now. I checked out the pic you linked to twitter.
WOW - the girls look just like her. It's like they're mini- Sharons. Very cool.
On another note - Yay for Obama - goodbye to idiocy!!!
Posted by: Laura | January 20, 2009 at 10:10 PM
I once reached into a horse's mouth and down it's throat to pull out the plastic bag it was choking on. I didn't feel like a magician, I was just scared. But so glad I found it.
Posted by: wondering | January 25, 2009 at 04:26 PM
I love the cyborg kid! Kids with a sense of humor totally rock!
Oh, and the plastic bag in the hotdog? Eewww!!!
Posted by: 'cuz I'm the mommy, that's why | February 25, 2009 at 01:49 AMPolitical Junkie It's Splitsville Between GOP & Hillary Clinton; Fox Breaks Up With Sarah Palin January 28, 2013 The "affection" Republicans have had for Hillary Clinton the past four years — feelings no doubt expressed in order to contrast how they felt about President Obama — seems to have come to an end, now that she may become their opponent in 2016. And it's also splitsville between Fox and Sarah Palin. Listen Loading… Playlist Embed Embed Close embed modal <iframe src="" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no">How-To Geek Forums / Off Topic
blog(61 posts)
You should subscribe to this guys blog:
He doesn't write often but when he does, there are juicy nuggets for bloggers.
You might also find this one interesting, as one of the best sites for blogger related information and news.
Topic Closed
This topic has been closed to new replies.VIEWS: 4 PAGES: 2 CATEGORY: Entertainment POSTED ON: 5/13/2010 Public Domain
NESSI’s Annual Forum Conference will take place on the 8th of June 2006 to welcome new members and partners Welcoming our new members and partners Dario Avallone Steering Committee Chairman Following our widely attended Forum, the NESSI Web site opened its registration pages for candidate members and partners to join NESSI in February 2006. The registration closing date for new partners is st the 21 of April. The process to welcome our new partners is the following: April 15: publication of the NESSI Agreement and Letter of Intent April 21: online registration deadline May 24: individual invitation to selected candidate partners May 31: acceptance deadline by the Upcoming events and activities candidate partners th Our General Assembly – will take place on the 8 of June 8: announcement of the new partners June 2006. Please check out our Web site where full and public signature of the agreement at the details will be available soon. General Assembly. Open Source NESSI – NESSI partner ObjectWeb NESSI will handle the new members registrations announces that ONESSI , the Open Source channel in a similar approach, but as candidates can for contributions to NESSI, is alive. Please check out register continuously, we will review membership the ONESSI Web site for more information and read requests on a monthly basis. overleaf for details. NESSI Office to open – the NESSI Office, based in I would like to thank all of you for your interest in Brussels, will be operational in April 2006. It will be joining NESSI, we will contact each of you located at the Avenue des Pléiades, 1210 Brussels individually to follow up on your registration by the th st and will be inaugurated on the 24 of April 2006. 31 of May 2006. NESSI invited by INFOPOLE and CETIC – NESSI will Dario Avallone be presented to an audience of SMEs in Namur, R&D Department Director - Engineering Belgium at a special event organised by INFOPOLE NESSI Steering Committee Chairman th and CETIC on the 25 of April 2006. Strategic Research Agenda open for public review - the first volume of the SRA is open for public review on our Web site. Please join us in this work by sending in your contributions to Stefano De Panfilis, leader of the SRA working group. NESSI to collaborate with Artemis, NESSI calls for full support of ENIAC, ISI, eMobility and NEM. Software & Services in FP7. NESSI participated in the meeting organized by the In a letter addressed to Commissioners and to the Austrian EU Presidency and the European Commission ISTAG members, NESSI stressed the importance of on "Investing in ICT Research and supporting research on software and all its related Innovation/Shaping Europe of Tomorrow - i 2010", technologies. As written by NESSI’s Board, “in in Vienna on March 22-23, 2006 establishing its vision, NESSI has identified that key challenges need to be addressed through software This was an opportunity to collaborate closely with five research to ensure future seamless and trusted delivery other ETPs, namely Artemis, Eniac, ISI, eMobility and of services to citizens, industries and public bodies.” NEM. The six ETPs issued a common press release, NESSI will continuously work on delivering this highlighting the opportunity for ETPs to play a key role message to the European Commission and Parliament, in the realisation of the Lisbon strategy and the fact that to ensure that software, ICT architectures and building on an unobstructed internal market with infrastructures are well represented in the upcoming leading edge applications is essential to meeting the FP7 programme. challenge of global competitors, themselves building on the strength of their respective home markets. NESSI opens its Office in Brussels NESSI fully endorses this key message and its th NESSI will inaugurate its new Office on the 24 of April Strategic Research Agenda reflects this importance by 2006. Located on the first floor of the 11 avenue des bringing in a holistic view encompassing a NESSI Pléiades in Brussels, the Office is conveniently close to Framework that will ease the deployment of such the Airport and with direct access to the centre of leading edge applications. Brussels through public transport. More information at The NESSI Office Director, Eric Normand, will manage office operations in close collaboration with NESSI 10.html partners. NESSI initiates Open Source channel to contribute to SRA and foster first Open Source implementation. ObjectWeb, one of the NESSI founding partners, opened the ONESSI channel. The purpose of ONESSI is to facilitate the contribution and collaboration of Open Source stakeholders to the NESSI Strategic Research Agenda and, in a second step, to foster one of the reference implementations of the NESSI Framework through Open Source contributors. More information at Contacting NESSI Strategic Research Agenda Stefano De Panfilis. Stefano.depanfilis@eng.it New members Dario Avallone Dario.avallone@eng.it Governance Frédéric Gittler frederic.gittler@hp.com Collaboration with other ETPs Heikki Saikkonen Heikki.saikkonen@nokia.com Relations with EU Member States Jose M. Cavanillas jose-maria.cavanillas@atosorigin.com ONESSI – Open Source channel François Letellier francois.letellier@objectweb.org NESSI Office Director Eric Normand eric.normand@thalesgroup.com NESSI Communication Coordinator Véronique Pevtschin veronique.pevtschin@softwareag.com Press Elisabeth Valensi Elisabeth.valensi@thalesgroup.com NESSI partners
Pages to are hidden for
"NESSI is about transforming the EU economy through Service"Please download to view full documentThe Cover Loft fabricates many large covers for your convenience including camper tops, cockpit/tonneau covers, connectors, convertible tops, dinghy covers, flybridge covers, stern/aft covers, mooring covers, travel covers, and more! Most of the items are custom and we would need to fit them to your boat, if you are located in the Maryland area. For long distance customers, we can duplicate or repair your existing covers if they fit well. Just mail them to us!
We offer many large covers:
Camper tops include several pieces. First there is a second top that extends back from the front top with a zipper. This top will maintain the same height and go all the way to the back of the boat. Then there are panels across the back of the boat and curtains on the sides to enclose the cockpit. Glass and doors are customized.
Cockpit covers also known as a tonneau cover can cover either the cockpit area or over-the-windshield and all the way back angled down to the transom. Glass and doors are customized for you.
Connectors are fabric pieces fastened at both ends with zippers or hardware to connect two tops or a top and the boat.
Convertible tops connect to the top of the windshield and is free standing in the back. They provide shade over the cockpit area and are supported by a frame.
Dinghy covers cover a dinghy and are customized depending on the style and your preferences for easy removal.
Flybridge covers are a cockpit cover for the flybridge. Cutouts and mooring poles are options.
Stern covers or aft covers attaches to the aft edge of a top and angles down to the transom. It is attached with zippers or hardware. Glass and doors are customized for you.
Mooring covers are full covers that cover all the way to the rubrail and is usually fastened with hardware; these can be used when the boat is in the water.
Travel covers are full covers that are attached with tiedowns or bungee cord for trailoring or storage.
To maintain your canvas and glass as well as prolonging its life, see our canvas and glass care information.Concert The Acoustic Project with Lee Dynes and Jacob Jolliff Sunday / July 8, 2012 / 1:00 p.m. Spectacle Island Boston Harbor Islands Quincy MA United States 02171. Admission: Free Buy tickets Read more about The Acoustic Project with Lee Dynes and Jacob Jolliff Ensemble4:30 p.m. - Kudisan Kai, Women in Rock6:30 p.m. - Skip Smith, R&B Funk Recitals run about 45 minutes long. Performance times are subject to change, without notice. Admission: Read more about Ensemble Showcase: Women in Rock and R&B Funk Insigniya Friday / July 6, 2012 / 6:00 p.m. Greenway Boston Milk Street and Atlantic Avenue Boston MA United States 02110 Insign. Admission: Free Read more about Insigniya The Soul of a Man Friday / July 6, 2012 / 7:00 p.m. South Shore Conservatory 1 Conservatory Drive Hingham MA United States 02043 The. Admission: $10 Buy tickets Read more about The Soul of a Man Sarah Walk Wednesday / August 22, 2012 / 12:30 p.m. Harvard Longwood Campus 25 Shattuck Street Boston MA United States 02115 Sarah Walk A Minneapolis Native, Sarah Walk now lives in Boston and attends Berklee, where she is a songwriting major and touring artist. With a distinct voice and a unique rhythmic and chordal piano playing style, her music is aggressive and complex both rhythmically and lyrically. Backed by bassist Lenny Brown and drummer Ale Giuliani, they have a high energy piano rock sound with tight rhythmic changes and a wide range of musical styles. Walk's music has been said to mix "cynically optimistic and in-your-face lyrics with rock music, every bit as raw and passionate as one could hope." She leaves listeners believing they have "just seen one of those rare moments of witnessing a breathtaking new talent about to blossom." She has been performing professionally for over six years in many different cities, including Minneapolis, Eugene, Boston, and New York. She is currently finishing up her debut EP, which will be released during the spring of 2012. Admission: Free Read more about Sarah Walk English Read more about English Tom in the Bookstore The Yesberger Band Thursday / June 21, 2012 / 5:30 p.m. Wakefield Library 345 Main Street Wakefield MA United States 01880 The. Admission: Free Read more about The Yesberger Band Lee Dynes and Amanda Addleman Monday / July 30, 2012 / 6:00 p.m. Regattabar To Jaime Woods, music is storytelling. It connects us all through common experiences, and relatable issues. Music has the power to manipulate our emotions, evoke us to action, it facilitates healing, and causes us to think and see things differently. Woods began music in Chicago at 15, and sang with numerous choirs and local groups. In 2010, she was accepted to Berklee College of Music. She made enough noise in Chicago to raise half of her tuition money through her debut concert, themed "Lifespeak" in November 2010. Now as a student, she's focused on songwriting and production. Since she's been at Berklee, Jaime has performed at the Beantown Jazz Fest, Sculler's, Johnny D's, and other local shows and open mics. She became part of an ensemble that performed with neosoul artist Bilal, and will be performing with Lalah Hathaway in February 2012. She has collaborated with many fellow Berklee students, and is a member of an a cappella group that will tour Europe in the winter. She is also preparing an EP for summer 2012. Admission: Free Read more about Jaime Woods Pages« first ‹ previous … 414 415 416 417 418 419 420 421 422 … next › last »NEWARK --Police in New Jersey are investigating a shooting that happened after a high school basketball game.
Two teenage girls were hit at Essex County College in Newark around 6:30 p.m. Thursday.
East Side and Shabazz high schools were playing in the gym prior to the incident.
Each girl was shot once.
Their injuries are not considered life threatening.
The game was attended by more than 1,000 spectators.
---
Get Eyewitness News Delivered
Facebook | Twitter | Newsletters | Text Alerts6 Spoke St, Danville, NH 03819: 93 all time views
- Heating: Forced air
- Last sold: Sep 2011 for $48,700
Appliances Included
- Microwave
Construction
- Exterior material: Other
- Roof type: Asphalt
Other
- Floor size: 1,173 sqft
- Parcel #: DNVL M:000IW B:000018 L:000000
- Zillow Home ID: 8680401-101K.
Mortgages
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts 03819 home values will rise 0.7% next year, compared to a 0.7% increase for Danville as a whole. Among 03819 homes, this home is valued 68% less than the midpoint (median) home, and is valued 42.6% less per square foot..… More Less
For Sale
- 5 Spoke St2 beds, 2 baths
1,514 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1986
- 10 Wheel Way3 beds, 2 baths
1,504 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1980
- 18 Wheel Way3 beds, 2 baths
2,105 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in 1985
- 6 Shaft St2 beds, 2 baths
1,584 sqft, 10,890 sqft lot, built in 2001
- 5 Brentwood Rd3 beds, 3 baths
1,827 sqft, 88,862 sqft lot, built in 2014
- 3 Brentwood Rd4 beds, 3 baths
1,947 sqft, 87,120 sqft lot, built in 2014
- 6 Brentwood Rd3 beds, 3 baths
1,802 sqft, 87,120 sqft lot, built in 2015
- 13 Michael Dr3 beds, 2 baths
2,193 sqft, 97,138 sqft lot, built in 1995
- 7 Brookside Dr3 beds, 2 baths
2,200 sqft, 91,475 sqft lot, built in 1994
- 19 Sudbury Rd3 beds, 3 baths
4,463 sqft, 871,200 sqft lot, built in 1980
- 23 Deer Run3 beds, 2 baths
2,508 sqft, 52,272 sqft lot, built in 1989
- 85 Riverside Dr2 beds, 1 baths
1,244 sqft, 17,424 sqft lot, built in 1954
- 79 Riverside Dr2 beds, 1 baths
787 sqft, 5,662 sqft lot, built in 1955
- 12 Pigeon Ln3 beds, 2 baths
1,800 sqft, 21,780 sqft lot, built in 1981
- 25 Sunny Ln3 beds, 2 baths
1,236 sqft, 10,890 sqft lot, built in 1986
Rentals
- 83 Riverside Dr2 beds, 1 baths
875 sqft, 6,098 sqft lot, built in 1961-52.4 mi
- Timberlane Regional Middle (assigned)6-87.0 mi
- Timberlane Regional.Corporate affairs minister Sachin Pilot says the perception that India Inc is up in arms against mandatory spend on corporate social responsibility is highly misplaced. Pilot, among the younger lot in the Union council of ministers, steered the Companies Bill in parliament within seven weeks of assuming independent charge of the ministry. In an exclusive interview with Vinay Pandey & Soma Banerjee a day after Lok Sabha passed the bill, Pilot explains why he preferred to take coporates on board instead of wielding a stick and how CSR is a leap of faith for the government. Edited excerpts:Lobster BloatingParis, France, park
T'was a lovely spring day out as romance filled the air. Couples were shown together either kissing, hugging, saying romantic things, or all of the above.
Sniffing a bed of flowers, Penelope Pussycat sat about awaiting for her special someone to arrive. "Mmmm... he sure is running a bit late..." she spoke. Her stomach grumbled a bit in hunger, making her blush. "Eh heh... I knew I shouldn't have eaten a light breakfast."
The couples at the park continued their various romances until they instantly smelt a rather putrid odor, immediately zipping away.
Penelope continued waiting, until she too smelt the odor. In an instant, her eyes were covered up by a pair of furry black hands.
"Guess who?" questioned a certain French skunk before grabbing and lifting Penelope off her feet. "It is me!"
Penelope was startled by the French skunk before giggling. "Pepé!" she replied, hugging him. "What took you so long?!"
"Ahh! Forgive me, I had a petit problem earlier."Returning just a bit short to LSU losing 7-6.
Florida had a chance to tie the game in the bottom of the ninth with the score at 7-6. Daniel Pigott singled and Casey Turgeon got on base due to an error to put runners at first and third with no outs. But Mike Zunino struck out, sending Preston Tucker to the plate.
Tucker hit a long fly ball to right field which at first glance looked like it might have been a game winning homer; instead, the ball was caught near the warning track and Pigott inexplicably did not tag up to score the tying run. Right after, Brian Johnson popped out to end the game.
Florida junior Vickash Ramjit looks for the team to recover and do better tonight.
Florida falls to 24-6 and to 6-4 in the SEC while LSU improves to 24-6 and to 7-3 in the league. The Gators and Tigers meet tonight and you can hear the game live at 7pm on Country 103-7 The Gator.he's a real fungi
I really like drawing fungi (yes, I worry about myself sometimes). You can really take liberties when drawing toadstools and fungi. The thing about fungi is they come in so many weird shapes and colours, that no matter how much you exaggerate the image it still is plausible. In the world of fungi anything goes.
It doesn't just stop at its appearance either, the names are pretty mad too; Fairy Ring Champignon, Wood Hedgehog, Weeping Bolete, Death Cap, Destroying Angel, Satan's Bolete to name but a few. And, I'm betting the guys who named them were partial to a few of the Magic variety.
Ink is one of my favourite mediums and it just seems to work so perfectly with this subject - and I believe that some inks are actually fungi based. I am certainly no expert on fungi, I just like to make up my own. I have named this one Old Jack's Cap.
Labels: colour, fungi, ink
12 Comments:
I could not see the bigger version, there is an error message, but did you draw him with ink? He's beautiful!
Yes Renate I've noticed that there is an error with enlarging this image. Maybe I'll see if anyone in the group can help. And yes this toadstool was drawn and painted with inks. Thank you.
I know what you mean about drawing organic objects....you can really take creative license. I find this very refreshing! What type of ink do you use? The color is beautiful.
Lovely mushroom...love the color too...bytw I would try reposting...sometimes blogger just nuts up?!:>
This is beautiful. I have a friend who loves fungi. He pointed out all sorts of mushrooms when we visited his family's mountain home last month. Fun!
This is lovely! Perhaps I should pay closer attention to the mushrooms sprouting in my backyard.
Some of the ink that I used in this picture is Windsor & Newton - but I think that they are a British company so I don't know whether they are available in the States(??). I get those little pots which I think are 'drawing inks'. But to tell you the truth I use any old products! I also used some really cheap cartridges in this too.
Like your work, quite refreshing and different.
ikdagxudTHis is my first time on your blog, and I just love this fungi which seems to have a personality. What materials do you use for your sketches?
This is gorgeous. I am staring at it, somewhat puzzled by the fact it was made with ink. Goodness.
Definitely a magical mushroom. Just lovely and I can't figure out how you did that in ink--I don't see any cross-hatching. Is it painted with a brush rather than a pen?
Yes, I think I forgot to mention that but it is indeed painted rather than drawn. I used a thick board to paint onto; which means I could add layer after layer and it just seems to soak up the ink. Thanks for all the lovely comments!William Ulrich
New school years are always rough, especially the first day. It's even harder when you have to move at the end of every school year. I hate having to do that. I can't afford to make friends, not lasting ones, anyway. There's no time. At least, now, this pattern can finally end… I hope. It's the first day of my senior year. C.D. Hylton High School Class of 2010, here I come…
William sat in the second floor restroom nearest the science classrooms just before first period. He double-checked his class schedule, matching the room numbers with the little squares on the map he'd gotten from the main office. He checked his watch as a warning bell rang: 7:23 AM, enough time to get to the classroom before the 7:30 tardy bell.
"Ms. Stemmer's probability and statistics class," he muttered to himself. "Room F202." He studied the map one last, quick time and left the restroom.
Walking into the classroom, he immediately noticed his classmates had already settled into their own groups. He chose a seat at the back of the room, close to the door.
The class dragged on until 8:35. Assigning seats, reviewing school rules, and the general "welcome back to school" message from the principal bored even new student William. When the dismissal bell finally rang, he hurried out of the classroom, reminding himself, "Next is Mrs. Herget's sociology class, room E171A."State judge says he'll rule on casino amendment next week (video)
12:52 PM, Oct. 11, 2013
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
A decision on a state lawsuit challenging a statewide ballot proposition on casino gambling is expected by 'the middle of next week,' Acting Supreme Court Justice Richard Platkin said in courtThe Left is furious with the Left! Left-wingers are dividing among themselves—the Left versus “the professional Left.” The “professional Left,” ideological political activists and the left-wing media, are complaining that Obama’s policies are not progressive enough, while the Obama Administration and his steadfast supporters, considered the Left, say he needs to compromise in order to succeed.
Obama simply continues complaining about leftist criticism of him.
The Left divided itself further last week when White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs insulted “professional leftists” for criticizing Obama’s lack of “change” and his back-pedaling on radicalism.
Now Gibbs, and the left-wing media, have upset the enitre left wing by exposing their crabby dispositions.
The Hill’s Sam Youngman reports that The White House is sick and tired of the “anger” and “criticism from liberals who say President Obama is more concerned with deal-making than ideological purity…” White House Press secretary Robert Gibbs smacked “professional leftists” for comparing Obama to George W. Bush, saying leftists who make such remarks “ought to be drug tested.”Hang tight!
Recipe by marthajones
"A delicious beverage to keep adults warm and festive for the winter holiday months. Serve warm and keep warm in a slow cooker for a party. This recipe serves 4 but can easily be multiplied. Add more spices and/or sugar as desired."
Hmm. None of these ingredients are on sale today.
Show ingredients on sale
Sort stores by
Save money at local stores when ingredients are on sale!
Watch video tips and tricks
10
sugar cubes
2 (750 milliliter) bottles
red wine
1 (3 inch)
cinnamon stick
1
whole nutmeg
1
whole star anise pods
1 1/2 cups
sour cherries - drained, juice reserved
1
orange, thinly sliced
3 fluid ounces
kirschwasser
PREP
COOK
READY IN.
8 Ratings.
This is the third year I've made gluhwein and the third recipe I've tried. This one is a keeper. Went over really well at my Christmas potluck.
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Weihnachtsbowle Gluhwein
Serving Size: 1/4 of a recipe
Servings Per Recipe: 4
Amount Per Serving
Calories: 479.Definition:
Synthetic opiate ; painkiller. Obtained by prescription. Prescribed for moderate to severe chronic pain. Sold by people who tell their doctor they need it, but rather have $5000 for a bottle of 100 pills. It makes you feel warm and fuzzy, like you're wrapped in the warmest blanket and safe. Yet when your off it, you get withdrawal and anxiety to the world, because you have been numb/high/ for so long. Most people say they see everything "clearer" when they become sober.
10, 20, 40, 80 mg's. The 160's were pulled from the market.
Not something people do (or should do) on the weekend for "fun" like maybe say, alcohol. More like something you "have" to do to have fun, because you're addicted and if you don't do it, you'll feel like shit.
Example:
"I love oxycontin but then I hate it?"
"yo..., got anything(oxycontin)?"
The old little lady across the street sold me oxycontin.。I was working on a more elaborate post all morning but I can’t sit in front of the keyboard any longer… which means I’m postponing that post till later and will just tell you what I’m excited about this very morning. I’m excited for Adam to get off early from work today. I’m excited to start Thanksgiving preparations. I hope you are too!
Having a blog gives you the fun ability to look back at previous years…
Thanksgiving 2008 was my very first Thanksgiving as Mrs. Holbrook! I made white chocolate cranberry blondies which were delicious. I think I’m going to make them again this winter. They seem very Christmassy, don’t you think? [They are also on the healthier side… comparatively.]
Thanksgiving 2009 was the very first time my mom joined Adam’s family for Thankgiving dinner… and the very first Thanksgiving for my baby nephew Colby. It was also the very first time I tried making pie… and it was the ugliest pie I’ve ever seen (still tasty, though!).
I think I look really happy here. Don’t you? It was also the first Thanksgiving I ate intuitively and did not stuff myself silly. It felt good!
Leftover turkey was turned into fantastic (and healthy!) Chinese dumplings the next day! I should have stocked up on wonton wrappers… it’s definitely a great way to give leftovers a second life!
2010 apparently went undocumented but I know it was a good time. It was the first time my dad also joined the whole family for Thanksgiving dinner. Everyone in one spot – chilling, eating, drinking. LOVE.
Hope this year will be the best one yet! I’m going to make a prettier pie (that’s a promise!) and roasted brussels sprouts with pom seeds and vanilla butter. My sister-in-law as always is going to cook up a storm.
What are you making?
Happy Thanksgiving!! Eat mindfully and enjoy this time with your families and/or friends!
See you soon!
have fun!! if this pie is anything like the one you made on sunday, you’ll be the hit of thanksgiving
Happy Thanksgiving to you too! I’m going to make cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes and stuffed mushrooms for Thanksgiving….and run a 5K Thanksgiving morning!
roasted brussels sprouts with pomegranate seeds and vanilla butter? sounds wonderful! can’t wait to hear how they turn out Have a happy Thanksgiving!
It is nice to be able to look back on previous years! Turkey dumplings sounds like a great post-Thanksgiving meal.
I’m excited for our pies, like I am every Thanksgiving. The stuffings are pretty good because we make the bread for it ourselves.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving! I love the idea of making dumplings with the leftovers.
I’m working on some stuffed mushrooms and a dessert right now.
Mmm those blondies look yummy!
All of the food you’re planning on having sounds so delicious
Have a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Happy Thanksgiving, Elina! I hop e you have a wonderful day.
Can’t wait for that brussels sprout recipe:-)
Happy thanksgiving! eating mindfully is such a great goal… that will be mine today gobble gobble!
Happy Thanksgiving Elina! And thank you so much for the comment you left on my friendsgiving post…so nice!! I’m actually so glad Friendsgiving is over, because I can just relax for THanksgiving! I brought a big salad to my aunts today! Hope you had a great day!!
Happy Thanksgiving! I made stuffing and bought a pumpkin pie at whole foods. Worth every penny.
You look SO happy and so pretty! Can’t wait for the full recap! xo
We made the same brussels sprouts recipe this year!
You definitely look happy in that picture, what a pleasant memory! This Thanksgiving I paid attention to the family members who I know for a fact follow their natural hunger cues. 4 out of 5 overate and were complaining about being full! And then ate dessert! I realized they do not strive for perfection in eating and were just laughing about how full they were. It was interesting.
Pretty amazing what having a good relationship with food does. It’s ok to overeat sometimes (we ALL do it) – it’s just how we handle it when that happens that really shows where we are on that front.Matemo Island: Information from the owner
All the information on this page is supplied to us directly from the lodge owner and reflects their view, not ours.
For Expert Africa's view, see our own report, which contains our own observations and views.
Main description of Matemo Island
Matemo Island: Facilities
Room types at Matemo Island
Beach Chalet
All chalets are within 10 metres of beach, each with en-suite bathroom with indoor and outdoor showers, bathtub with a view along with a large front verandah with Hammock, Chair / Loungers and Beach Towel Drying Rack. All Chalets have air conditioning, mosquito screens, mini bar, satellite tv, tea-/coffee-making facilities, hair dryer and electronic safeI have a Noveske 10" Rail (by memory but I think I got the lenght right) on my Lm4 PTS
I would like to shorten the outer barrel (where it unscrews) and add a barrel extension that would extend just a bit further out of the rail, for an "integral look"
That would be the rail I have
Anyone would have recommendation of length and or models I should get?
I'm at work doing some shopping
Or if somone can tell me the lenght of the outer barrel when "shortened", that would help greatly
Thanks!Ensembles
Jazz Ensembles
Rehearsals and Literature
KU Jazz Studies has three large ensembles: Jazz Ensemble I that rehearses Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays at noon; Jazz Ensemble II that rehearses on the same days at 1 p.m.; and Jazz Ensemble III that rehearses on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 3 p.m. Compositions and arrangements by masters Strayhorn, Elllington and Thad Jones, and modern works by Schneider and McNeely are performed and studied. Students are taught how to play in the appropriate style for the composers they are performing through rehearsal guidance, recordings, and live performances by visiting artists.
Performance and Guests
The Jazz Ensembles have had the opportunity to perform with and receive clinics from many of the greats in jazz performance and education including Tim Hagans, Scott Wendholt, Rachel Z, Bob Mintzer, Michael Philip Mossman, Brent Wallarab, Steve Fidyk, Scott Lee, Allison Miller, Steve Wilson, Mike Davis, Randy Brecker, Fred Sturm, Bob Baca, Tom Walsh, the Vanguard Jazz Orchestra, Steve Houghton, Ray Drummond, Bruce Barth, Cyrus Chestnut, Gary Vercase, Jeff Herschfield, Bill Reichenbach, and many others.
For more information please contact Dr. Kevin Kjos.
Admission
Admission to the large ensembles is through audition. For more information, contact Kevin Kjos at kjos@kutztown.edu.
Visit the Recordings page to hear some tracks from the Kutztown Jazz Ensembles!
Jazz Combos
The KU Jazz Studies Area has several student-led Combos. These Combos range in size from vocal-guitar duets to quartets to septets. These combos meet with KU Jazz Studies Faculty Scott Lee in Master Classes held weekly.
The KU Jazz Combos perform on a formal "Combo Concert" at the end of each term. Selected combos also record selections each year on the KU Jazz Studies CDs, and perform regularly around the area.
After Hours
Vocal Jazz from Kutztown University
, Pa. The group is made up of student singers and musicians majoring in a wide variety of academic disciplines, including Elementary Education, Psychology, Business, Art, Electronic Media, English, related arts and Music. Many of the members study voice, piano, or another instrument, and several take other music courses to enhance and improve their musical skills. Members are chosen through competitive auditions held twice each year.What Is Jailbreaking?
Have you heard of iPad jailbreaking and wondered what it is? When you jailbreak the iPad it is the process by which the firmware (operating system) is modified so you can run apps and perform functions on your iPad that were not initially intended by Apple. It also adds “unofficial” app installers such as the Cydia app store. This means you can access a whole new world of apps and interesting ways to use your iPad.
When you jailbreak your iPad, the risks are minor and the worst thing that can happen is you would have to restore back to factory defaults. And despite what some would tell you, jailbreaking is legal. We have put together some information on what jailbreaking is, how to do it, and we will add helpful articles each week to show you apps and tips for getting the most out of your jailbreaking experience.
Here are some recommended articles for more information on iPad jailbreak:
What is iPad Jailbreaking
Tethered iPad iOS 4.2 Jailbreak
iPad 4.2.1 Jailbreak Walkthrough RedsnOw
Troubleshooting Your iPad 4.2 ResSnOw Jailbreak
Untethered iPad iOS 4.2 Jailbreak (RedSnOw)
XBMC On Jailbroken iPad iOS 4.2 Install
Untethered iOS 4.2.1 iPad Jailbreak With GreenPoisOn
iOS 4.3.1 iPad 1 Jailbreak with Snowbreeze
Followers
SubscribersInstitute for War and Peace Reporting | Giving Voice, Driving Change
Uzbeks Unsure Who to Pick in Kyrgyzstan Election
- Ethnic Uzbeks are trying to figure out which candidate in Kyrgyzstan’s presidential election will look after minorities. (Photo: IWPR)
Ethnic Uzbeks in southern Kyrgyzstan are trying to figure out which – if any – of the 19 presidential candidates might best serve the interests of their community.
The October 30 ballot comes at a time when Kyrgyzstan is still struggling to deal with the legacy of bloodshed left by several days of fighting between ethnic Kyrgyz and Uzbeks in Osh and Jalalabad in June 2010. Over 400 people died, many more were injured, and hundreds of homes and businesses were looted and torched by mobs which attacked their targets according to the owners’ ethnicity.
More than a year later, attempts to rebuild bridges between communities have been accompanied by the detention and prosecution of those accused of participating in or masterminding the violence. Human rights groups have raised concerns about the latter process, pointing out that most of those convicted were Uzbeks. (See: Kyrgyz Unrest Trials Show Bias, Discrimination.)
Official statistics show that the Uzbeks are Kyrgyzstan’s largest minority, accounting for 15 per cent of the population, so they form a significant electoral constituency. But many appear cautious and ambivalent about the vote.
Ravshan Gapirov, head of the Justice and Truth human rights centre in Osh, which monitors violations of Uzbek rights, says the community is interested in the vote but is worried and fearful about the future.
"The situation has calmed down a bit, because of the campaign," he said. "Many Uzbeks ask me whether it’s worth voting at all. What can I say? I haven’t made my own my mind up whether to vote or ignore the election."
Shuhrat Bakirov, from the Uzbek-majority town of Uzgen, says he has been looking at the programmes advanced by the various candidates, looking for one who is not an avowed Kyrgyz nationalist.
An Uzbek activist from Turan, part of Osh, said prospective presidents must demonstrate a strong political will to tackle problems facing ethnic minorities if they wanted to win over Uzbek voters.
The activist, who did not want to be named, indicated that tolerant attitudes were somewhat lacking among the candidates.
"All the candidates only talk about ‘Kyrgyzdar’ [Kyrgyz], and ‘Kyrgyz eli’ [Kyrgyz people] in their speeches,” he said. “No one ever says ‘the people of Kyrgyzstan’ or ‘all the ethnic groups living in Kyrgyzstan’.”
Malik Abdurahmonov, a trader at the Karasuu market on the border with Uzbekistan, called for an improvement in relations with that country. Cross-border trade has fallen drastically since the 2010 violence, which led the Uzbek authorities to virtually seal the border.
"We will vote for a candidate who’s in favour of internationalism and who will be able to establish good relations with neighbouring countries, especially Uzbekistan," Abdurahmonov said.
Saidjalol Karimov from Uzgen said many people there had made up their minds in favour of candidates who seemed to have adopted more inclusive rhetoric.
"Several presidential candidates who used to be prominent nationalists have visited our town, but now they’re telling us that Uzbeks are full citizens like everyone else and that if they are elected they will address key issues facing not only the titular nation [Kyrgyz] but also the Uzbeks,” he said.
More IWPR's Global Voices
intern jobs near Denver, CO
Summer TeacherNEW
Jcc Association- Denver , CO
You are here Home Search for a Job Back To Search ResultsLocation and Job Title Summer TeacherRobert E Loup Jewish Community Center350 South Dahlia StreetDenver CO 80246JCC Info...2 days ago from JCC Association
Engineering Lab Intern Job
Time Warner Cable- Broomfield , CO
Posting Job Title: Engineering Lab Intern Requisition #: 166872BR Posting Location: ... Technology Services Position Type: Intern Posting Job Description The Time...6 days ago from Time Warner Cable
Engineering Lab Intern
Time Warner Cable Enterprises- Broomfield , CO
office currently seeks an Engineering Lab Intern for our System Integration and Test ... Essential Job Functions: The Engineering Lab Intern will have the opportunity to...7 days ago from Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC.
INTERNSHIPS & COLLEGE GRADUATES - Entry Level Marketing
Denver Presents- Denver , CO
INTERNSHIPS & RECENT GRADUATES - Entry Level In-Store Marketing? Denver Presents, Inc. is an event based marketing firm specializing in in-store marketing campaigns. We help large...10 days ago from Internship.com
INTERN - CONSTRUCTION
Jacobs- Aurora , CO
INTERN - CONSTRUCTION General Construction Job Site Internship for summer months supporting our Construction Management Group in the Denver Area. Must have some college and be...19 days ago from Jacobs
HR Admin Assistant - Prior Experience Required
Job Store Staffing- Denver , CO
Job Store is recruiting for an HR Admin to help get our client through their busy summer new-hire time. This is a temporary project through October with the opportunity of turning...7 days ago from Job Store Staffing
Administrative Assistant III - Greenwood VillageNEW
Bank of America- Englewood , CO
Performs diverse, advanced and confidential administrative support functions including composing, signing and releasing routine but somewhat complex correspondence. Usually...2 days ago from Bank of America
Executive Assistant
Randstad- Denver , CO
Description Randstad is seeking an Executive Assistant to support the VP of Operations, Senior IT, and the Facility Manager for a health and human services company in Denver. This...16 days ago from Randstad
Executive Assistant
Randstad Arizona Region- Denver , CO
salary $20.00–$20.00per hour job category administrative & support serviceslocation Denver, CO 80203job type temporary to hireopenings 1hours 33 – 40 hourseducation associate...8 days ago from Jobing.com
Retail Marketing and Advertising
Career Hub- Denver , CO
ENTOURAGE MANAGEMENT is one of the fastest growing marketing firms in the area that specializes in RETAIL EVENT PROMOTIONS and BRAND CONSULTING. Last year, our client portfolio...9 days ago from Career Hub
-
-
- Permanent 51
- Full time 46
- Part time 9
- Internship 3
- Temporary 1
-
-
-
-
-Carol Christine Hilaria Pounder (born December 25, 1952), the three-time Emmy Award-nominated American film and television actress
Anthony Perkins (April 4, 1932 - September 12, 1992), the Academy Award-nominated American stage and screen actor known for his role as Norman Bates in Alfred Hitchcock's Psycho and its three sequels, Psycho II
Olivia Hussey (born 1951), the actor
Henry Jackson Thomas, Jr. (born September 9, 1971), the American actor and musician
Joseph Stefano (5 May 1922 - 25 August 2006), the American screenwriterCategory: Uncategorized
Billionaire..
Take that, Joe Buck.
Thank you, and goodbye
This is my last post on MediaKC.
I started this blog about three years ago when I worked at the Lawrence Journal-World. I thought people in Kansas City should have more information about the media in town, from personnel moves to controversies and awards and important stories. I walked a fine line in reporting these things while working at a newspaper I’d inevitably have to write about.
It’s been almost two years since I moved to Chicago to take a news job, and I think it’s time to hang up the keyboard. 
Burnt Ends: KC Homes & Gardens resurrects, Abby Eden, Kalee Dionne are KC’s favorites
KCTV reporter Nathan Vickers steps on wasp’s nest during report
While reporting on the story of a missing dog earlier this month, KCTV’s Nathan Vickers was forced to flee in dramatic fashion after stepping on a wasp’s nest. 
Feast Magazine comes to KC
Feast Magazine, a foodie and cocktail mag published by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, is set to release its first Kansas City edition Sept. 28.
Why KC?
“It’s the new ‘foodie’ town,” said publisher Cat Neville. “It’s the excellent people in the kitchen, behind the bar and the KC-based products that make this city rich. I want to highlight every part of it.”
The magazine has planned on entering the KC market since it debuted four years ago, a news release said. The inaugural edition will focus on Kansas City’s new hot spots and classic joints, and cover events like the Paris of the Plains Cocktail Festival.
Feast is celebrating its entry to Kansas City with a launch party Sept. 27 at the Knife & Pork event at Knuckleheads in the East Bottoms.
Feast will be available at select newsstands around Kansas City, and via subscriptions.
Feast’s introduction to KC comes on the heels of Edible Kansas City’s attempts to crowdfund its next four issues. But its GoFundMe campaign has disappeared from the Web. I’ve asked the magazine what’s going on and will update if I learn more.
6News Lawrence gets new logo
Wow! Check it out: 6News Lawrence has a new logo, and if there’s any doubt who owns the station, it’s gone.
The station’s logo now shows it as Wow! 6, a nod to its owner, Wide Open West, or Wow! The company purchased Channel 6 and all of Sunflower Broadband from Knology in 2011. Previously it had been owned by the World Company.
Karen Dillon joins LJWorld
Karen Dillon has landed in Lawrence. The veteran investigative reporter has been hired by the Journal-World.
Dillon most recently freelanced for the Pitch, where she wrote several important stories, including how a Kansas City police officer accused of fatally shooting a Kansas City firefighter may have violated department regulations.
Dillon worked at The Star for more than 20 years before being laid off. She did a stint as a producer at KSHB earlier this year.
Dillon starts at the Journal-World Sept. 2.Article Preview
MnDOT says it will be unable to meet pavement preservation needs on some roads
Published 05/11/2012, West Central Tribune
WILLMAR — A growing gap between revenues and road maintenance needs has the Minnesota Department of Transportation looking for public input in identifying where to get the most bang for the buck, and warning the public that rough roads are ahead.Word count: 589
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.2+1 D Yang-Mills at Large-N
A while back, I pointed to an announcement by Leigh, Minic and Yelnikov, proposing a solution to 2+1 D Yang-Mills at large-. Well, the long version of their paper has appeared.
The main previously-missing detail which is filled in here (perhaps making sense of my previous discussion) is how exactly they propose to regularize the Karabali-Nair Hamiltonian (see Appendix A of their paper) where Here and is the ordinary Green’s function, satisfying .
They take as an ansatz that the ground state wave functional takes the form where and , for some kernel . Formally, they then expand and find that the Schrœdinger equation, is equivalent to a Riccati equation, which is solved1 by a ratio of Bessel functions. (There’s a constant of integration that is fixed by demanding that be normalizable. This choice also, as they argue, yields the correct asymptotically-free UV behaviour and IR behaviour corresponding to confinement and a mass-gap.)
In addition to the predictions for the spectrum of spin- glueballs that I discussed previously, they also produce predictions for the spectrum of higher-spin glueball states.
1 The trick is to write with , which converts the (nonlinear) Riccati equation into the (linear) Bessel equation,
Re: 2+1 D Yang-Mills at Large-N
Its certainly an interesting paper. There are certain parts that get a little hazy to me, for instance, its not clear to me why they restrict to quadratic order in solving the Schroedinger eqn (presumably b/c they want to restrict themselves to dealing with simple local ‘probing’ operators like tr(dbar j dbar j).
They feel this is morally equivalent to some sort of expansion alla string theory, where higher order terms end up probing spatial extent. But, I don’t quite see why that has to be the case, and you might worry that theres a lot of physics in there thats getting chopped off.
Still the numbers are eerily close to lattice results. Dodge: Gustavus Adolphus 331 the vagueness arises in part from the very nature of political conditions in Holland; powers were everywhere ill-defined, and thus some officials usurped powers and others neglected duties, but this makes only the more necessary a distinct and careful description of the government. The life of the Prince of Orange is drawn with a firm hand, but the political back- ground is confused and unsatisfactory. The biography as a whole is a valuable contribution to the history of a country too little studied by American scholars. It is unfortunate that a work so charmingly written should be disfigured by the constant use of the cleft infinitive, the invariable misplacement of the word "only," the occasional use of a singular subject with a plural verb, crude phrases such as "different — than," and a sentence like this: "The pistol was picked up and it was discovered that it had blown off Jaureguy's — such proved to be the name of the villain — thumb in the discharge " (II. 339). Han (I. 90, 91) is evidently a misprint for Ham. History has given the honorable title of "The Great Elector " to Frederick William of Brandenburg, not to Maurice of Saxony (II. 428). The genea- logical tables (I. 1; II. 433) are crowded as regards form, and therefore leave much to be desired. The work has but two maps, and both are unsatisfactory; the map of the Netherlands (II. 20) is confused in color- ing, while the map of the United Provinces fails to indicate what the seven provinces were. Other maps are needed, showing the location of Orange and the Nassau estates, as well as the territory affected by the various political unions formed. A copy of the famous painting of Miereveld in the royal museum at Amsterdam would have supplemented well the description of it given in the appendix, and would have been a valuable addition to the many admirable illustrations of the work. Lucy M. Salmon. Gustavus Adolphus : A History of the Art of War from its Revi- val after the Middle Ages to the End of the Spanish Succession War, with a detailed Account of the most famous Campaigns of Turenne, Condi, Eugene, and Marlborough. By Theodore Ayrault Dodge, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel United States Army, retired list. (Boston and New York : Houghton, Mifflin and Company. 1895. Pp. xxiii, 864.) Every one interested in the study of the art of war is beholden to Colonel Dodge for the work that he is doing in setting forth the origin and development of that art in the form of a series of volumes devoted to the lives and achievements of its greatest masters. His work has a value which the separate appreciation of its component volumes would hardly represent. It is the first attempt to produce a convenient means of studying the art of war in the manner recommended by Napoleon, that of reading and rereading the campaigns of the world's great captains. The author takes from among the heroes of military history six epoch- 332 Reviews of Books making representatives, three of whom belong to antiquity and three to modern times: Alexander, Hannibal, Caesar, Gustavus Adolphus, Fred- erick the Great, and Napoleon. Grouping about each one his principal contemporaries and such minor predecessors and successors as connect him with his dead and unborn peers, he devotes a separate volume to setting before the reader the several characters of each group in the light of the principal events of their careers. Like the other volumes of the series, the one before us is dedicated to "The American Soldier," and must be regarded as addressed, and especially suited, to the military reader, by which is meant any one, be he soldier or civilian, who reads for military information. If the object of the reader is political information, he had better look for it in such works as Gindely's and Gardiner's Tliirty Years' War, and the lives of Gustavus Adolphus by Leslie in English, by Parieu in French, and by Droysen in German. If it is romantic or blood- stirring sensation, he will find it in Schiller's brilliant but untrustworthy history of the Thirty Years' War. Colonel Dodge's book is a comprehensive history of the principal military changes and events which took place in Europe in consequence of the invention of printing, the introduction of gunpowder, and the Reformation. It comprises, beside the campaigns of the great Swede, and of his famous opponents Wallenstein and Tilly, those of Cromwell, Turenne, Conde, Marlborough, Prince Eugene, Charles XII., and other great generals. The author's analyses of characters and sum- ming up of records will be read with special interest and will generally, we believe, be approved. In placing Prince Eugene above Marlborough he but confirms the judgment of the most competent critics. The reader will find in the campaigns of Gustavus the earliest military operations conducted from a regular base, and in the counter-offensive of Wallen- stein, culminating in the battle of Llitzen, the first grand attempt against an enemy's communications, one in which the offensive, operating as Hood did in Sherman's rear, independently of a base, compelled the opposing army to fall back and fight its own Nashville. In the campaigns of Turenne he will see the wary feints and thrusts characterizing the earliest contests in which both opponents had communications to guard; and then, if he will turn to the chapter on Charles XII., he may behold a descendant of Gustavus, the originator of methodical warfare, plunging with a feeble army into the heart of an enemy's country, in apparent ignorance or disregard of any such thing as a base or line of communica- tion. The success of every great soldier has been due more or less to his originating some method or implement of war, of which for a time he had a monopoly. This is pre-eminently the case with Gustavus Adolphus. Among the innovations which he is said to have originated or suggested are the paper cartridge, the cartridge-box, the bayonet, light artillery, fixed ammunition for artillery, or the artillery cartridge, the modern tac- tical unit, or the battalion, and the brigade. He laid the foundations of Dodge: Gustavus Adolphus 333 modern military discipline, and was the first to provide an army with surgeons and chaplains. There is no other man whose name is associated with as many military improvements. Perhaps the one which is destined to endure the longest is that of the line of communication. Prior to his time armies had depots and magazines which might have been regarded as bases of operation, but in order to get supplies from them it was neces- sary to go to them, very much as a modern war vessel goes to a coaling station, or at the best to send to them. There was no regular system for forwarding supplies from them. Gustavus first showed the practicability of such a thing, and in so doing illustrated for the first time the impor- tance of what is now known as Military Geography. The author begins by briefly sketching the military history of the Middle Ages, and then describes the armament, organization, and tactics of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries. Here the reader will perhaps be disappointed by the lack of information as to certain details, as to where Gustavus Adolphus devised or invented, and where he simply adopted and introduced, and as to the extent to which his innovations in the Swedish army were copied or anticipated in the armies with which he contended. The reader will learn that about 1626 he introduced the wheel-lock into his army, and may therefrom draw the erroneous conclu- sion that the wheel-lock was in general use in the Swedish army during the subsequent wars of Gustavus. He is left in the dark as to whether the Germans or Poles had wheel-locks, and is given no adequate idea of what a wheel-lock is or in what respects and to what extent it had the advantage over the match-lock. He is not told the range either of the small arms or of the artillery. Most of the book is taken up with military operations. One cannot read them without being impressed with the author's familiarity with his subject and with the soundness of his military judgments and criticisms. But the average reader will find it hard to fix his mind upon them. He will lay the book down at frequent intervals, or read but a little at a time. Colonel Dodge has a style of writing which may be characterized as free and easy, and which, it need hardly be added, lacks the conciseness essen- tial to good military narration. He is not careful to state the military problem and the means available for solving it, before taking up the solu- tion of it, and to give an idea of the purpose or object of a movement as he describes it. He omits political details which are properly a part of the military history of the Thirty Years' War, and essential to the lessons to be learned from it. Gustavus Adolphus entered Germany with a field army numbering about 13,000 men, at a time when the forces under Tilly and Wallenstein num- bered about 100,000. He counted on re-enforcements, which soon came to him, from home and from friendly states, but like Alexander in Asia, and Hannibal in Europe, he relied largely for recruits upon the enemy's country. The main or general idea of his successive campaigns was to arouse the disaffected elements in the German Empire and attach them 334 Reviews of Books to his cause. There were two feelings or passions for him to work upon, the religious and the political; and two means of working upon them, persuasion and force. Much, if not most, of the interest of the Thirty Years' War, and of its value as a military study, lies in the political oper- ations conducted by and with these agencies. As an exposition of the state of the art of war, the book would be more instructive if fewer cam- paigns were discussed, and these gone into more deeply; especially, if more attention were paid to the arrangements on Gustavus' lines of com- munication, which, together with his political power, would seem to be the great secret of his invincibility. The battles are very well described, the numbers, dispositions, movements, and results being clearly, and per- haps without exception correctly, set forth. Colonel Dodge asserts that at the battle of Breitenfeld the Imperialists were drawn up in a single line. "Only the Italian author Gualdo," he says, "speaks of two lines; other accounts mention no second line." On page 52 of the Precis des Campagnes de Gustave Adolphe en Allemagne (Bibliotheque Internationale) we find the following statement: "Most of the plans of the battle of Breitenfeld represent the Imperialists in a single line; according to Colonel Stammfort, this error — which Lossan (Ideale der Kriegsfiihrung) calls an absurdity — results from the fact that these plans were made by the Swedes, who could but imperfectly observe the positions of their adversaries during the action." As one takes up this book for the first time, and observes the numer- ous maps scattered through it, and the large map at the end, one thinks, or ventures to hope, that it is one of those rare gems of military bibli- ography, a history that can be read without the aid of an atlas. But expe- rience soon brings one to a different state of mind. The maps in the text are mostly patches of the large map at the end of the book, and on a smaller scale than the latter. If they were on a larger scale, or showed the positions of troops or lines of march, they would serve a useful pur- pose. As it is, they are worse than useless, for they distract the atten- tion of the reader from the better map. The large map does not, when unfolded, come outside of the book. A part of it cannot be seen with- out turning back the leaves. The reader would do well to cut it out before undertaking to use it. Its general excellence is marred by a few errors and omissions. Freiberg is shown as Freiburg. The points Cas- tellaun, Giessen, Frankenthal, Marbach, Langendenzlingen, referred to in the text, are not shown on it. The map on page 104 shows Naumburg as Naumberg. On page 371 Wittenberg is referred to as Wittenburg; and on page 365, Freiberg as Freiburg. The maps of battles and sieges give the positions of troops in a satisfactory manner, but do not in alt. cases show the scale. That the maps of campaigns do not indicate positions of troops or lines of march is especially to be regretted, as the author, in referring to particular points, many of which the reader will never have heard of, does not give the state or province in which they are located. Hassall: Louis XIV 335 The body of the work numbers 850 pages, forming sixty-five chapters. The apprehension expressed by the author that the volume errs in being bulky will be a conviction in the mind of the reader. This fault might have been palliated in a measure by the subdivision of the work into parts. One of the divisions should in this case have fallen upon the death of Gustavus, who dies about the middle of the book. The reader will wish that the numbers of troops were given in figures instead of in words. At the end will be found a list of notable marches of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries, of battles in the same period, with percentages of losses, a list of dates, and an exhaustive index. This book contains a great deal of military information that cannot be found in any other single one, or perhaps in any number of books short of a fair-sized library. It is a valuable work of reference on the revival of the art of war after the Middle Ages, and as such is heartily commended to all who are interested in that subject. John Bigelow, jr. Louis XIV. and the Zenith of the French Monarchy. By Arthur Hassall, M.A., Student of Christ Church, Oxford. (New York and London: G. P. Putnam's Sons. 1895 Pp. xvi, 444.) Mr. Hassall is right in claiming for Louis XIV. a place among national heroes. Notwithstanding his mediocre intellect, and his overweening van- ity, the narrowness of his religious beliefs and the errors of his policy, the monarch who played so great a part in his day has taken his place among the famous men of history. With all his weaknesses, there was in Louis XIV. much that can rightly be called great ; of no man could it be more truly said that he was every inch a king ; to the duties of his great office he devoted a conscientious and life-long attention ; if he enjoyed the pomp of place he did not shirk the responsibilities ; there was a dignity to his character of which his dignity of manner was the fitting expression ; tenacious of his own position, he was mindful of the rights of inferiors ; amidst a bustling world he bore himself with a certain empyrean calm ; he met adversity with fortitude ; he exerted a great and permanent influence on the age in which he lived and the people over whom he ruled. Of the long reign which filled three-quarters of a century, Mr. Hassall has given an eminently fair and just review. There is little new to be said of the events of that period, but it is easy to fall into excessive laudation of the king, and still more easy to belittle his character. Louis XIV. has suffered alike from undeserved flattery and from indiscriminate abuse. If historians of his own day constantly proclaimed him the greatest of kings and of men, modern writers have gone as far wrong in announcing that the great monarch was in reality only an exceptionally ignorant and stupid man, governed in turn by an unscrupulous minister, a designing priest, and a bigoted old woman. Mr. Hassall has avoided these extremes and has given a just estimate of an extraordinary character.Actress Chloe Sevigny attends the Costume Institute Gala wearing a Proenza Schouler dress. / Stephen Lovekin, FilmMagic
Gwyneth Paltrow caused quite a stir when she dared to complain to USA TODAY about how much fun she didn't have at last week's Met Gala.
The event, nicknamed "The Fashion Oscars," is certainly not for the sartorial faint of heart. But Paltrow is a red-carpet pro, so why all the whining?
Well, according to actress Chloe Sevigny - a Met Gala veteran - Paltrow may have just been uncomfortable, which she can totally relate to.
"Maybe her sleeves were too tight," Sevigny offered during an interview with New York magazine Tuesday. .'"
Good point, Chloe. But what about the non-fashiony stuff that Paltrow took issue with, like how "boiling" and "crowded" it was inside the dinner?
?"
Ultimately, however, it all comes down to the right look, Sevigny reiterates. "But you have to wear comfortable shoes and an outfit you can be OK in."
Got that, Gwyneth?
Read the original story: Sevigny weighs in on Paltrow's Met Gala complaintsArtist description:
No description entered.
Flash Draw Created Oct 11, 2009 470 x 338px Unless noted Copyright 2009 ke cupcake l mello and near i like it!
awww so cute! i luvs mello's expression :D
aww look at near. xD
Award: Emotional idea. Liked: Cute!! L's Cupcake. If I would make this, I probably wouldn't think of that. Also they all share a different emotion. Great Job!!!. Tips: Add Matt. He's a Whammy. And you could think about adding Watari Looking tired at them.
SO Kewl!!! Exellent draw!!5♥
wonderful draw!
AWESOME! But you forgot Matt.
awesome :)
LOL I'm in love with this drawing:). All the details and the colors and the overal drawing mood is just spot on. Really good.
What a brilliant draw..5/5.:O)Good wholesome food. .great service and fantastic views.a real cowboy feel to the decorations and atmosphere. We also had a drink in the bar which had a great ranch feel to it even though it was very quiet.
We ate here while staying on the ranch and can honestly say that the steaks my sister and I had was the best we've ever had. Both steaks were cooked to perfection just how we wanted and they were good sized steaks. Our other menu choices were also very nice and you'll definitely not go hungry with the portion sizes....
More
If you are looking for real Texas meal, you can't do better that the Dinner Bell at the Wildcatter. The restaurant, which is under new management, cooks delicious appetizers, steaks and other entrees), sides and desserts. I especially recommend the eggrolls, the ribeye steaks and the blueberry crisp. Come early and relax with a drink from the well-stocked bar as...
More
The food is ok, but it is way too expensive for what it is. Not worth the price, in my opinion. Dinner Bell has the same type of food at a much better price.
great steak and drinks on a hilltop. relaxing experience rustic yet elegantly appointed. have been here several times. a little slow but you better expect that when eating out in the PK area. Best place on PK lake to eat out aside from your own camp fire!
Excellent service, personable staff and terrific meals. As well as unbelievably breathtaking views of the Texas countryside.
Price is a little high but you get what you pay for. Very nice place to eat beautiful view. Great service. Great drinks. Brought mom here for her birthday. A group of 10 adults had drinks. No ones drink ever ran empty. even the kids loved it.
One of the operators of restaurant is sensitive to Msg so they removed it from seasoning salt-- Great group of ladies run this!
Second time to go in 2 weeks. Yeah its that good! My steak was perfect both in doneness and seasoning. Tge Whiskey bread pudding is nearly worth my 140 mile drive alone. Jack & Cokes were made just right. And you cannot beat the view! After our meal we sat outside on the patio snd enjoyed a few beverages, the...
More
We ate here while staying at the Wildcatter Ranch in September 2014. The food and service were both enjoyable, i enjoyed a very filling and well cooked steak with bourbon glazed carrots and a loaded baked potato. It is enough to keep you going for a few days.
The only criticisms i would have is that the last seating is...
More
Register now for free — and start getting automatic notification of new reviews, responding to traveler feedback, adding new photos to your listing and much more.Back-To-Back WRs: Samulski Then Zueva
Jul 29, 2009 - Craig Lord
Rome 2009, Day 4:
Women's 50m backstroke semi-finals
Daniela Samulski (GER) set the 17th world record of the 13th world championships with a 27.39 blast in her Hydrofoil in the first of the 50m back semis. That mark also set a record for Rome: Belgrade in 1973 had held the biggest tally of world records set at a world championships since FINA launched the global event back in 1973.
A few minutes later, Anastasia Zueva (RUS) and her X-Glide hit back in 27.38, the 18th world record of the meet. Ho hum.
Leila Vaziri (USA) set a world record of 28.16 in the semi-finals of the 50m backstroke at Melbourne 2007. Herasimenia went through in second place in 28.38.
Rome 2009:“ Tim Blair Interview: Tim
FacebookTwitterEmail The Tim Blair Interview: Tim Blair has been one of my favorite political writers on the net for a
Q&A Friday #76
FacebookTwitterEmail Today is Q&A Friday #76 at RWN. So, if there’s a subject you’ve been wanting me to tackle or
Iraqi Elections: “Iraq Will Be O.K. With So Many Brave People, It Will Certainly O.K”
FacebookTwitterEmail To the Bush administration, Tony Blair, John Howard, Aleksander Kwasniewski and the other Coalition governments, American and Coalition troops,Fall is one of the most beautiful seasons of the year to get married. Stunning foliage paired with clear blue skies and mild temperatures create picturesque backdrops. Take full advantage of what the season has to offer by having your fall wedding outdoors.
Outdoor weddings are a popular trend during the fall months. Choosing an outdoor location can offer a bride a variety of options, venues can range from a meadow, field, state park, garden, vineyard, orchard, historic grounds or a barn wedding.
Local Destination Wedding
Can you imagine getting married under bright blue skies surrounded only by your close friends and family? Choosing a field or meadow for your outdoor wedding venue will create an intimate setting for your bridal party and guests. A destination wedding without having to travel a great distance. Investigate around local rural areas to find any farmers or land owners that would be willing to rent to weddings. An added bonus will be the cost. An outdoor wedding will help out any budget bride, renting land will save you money as compared to renting a large reception hall. But do keep in mind additional fees for renting tents, chairs or tables.
By using the same setting for your ceremony and reception budget brides can save on rental fees. An idea featured in last week’s cheap wedding ideas post is to subsitute haybails for chairs. A great fit for outdoor weddings, hay bails can be used for seating at your ceremony and/ or reception.
Local Treasures
Take advantage of local treasures. Consider a state park or community garden as the venue for your wedding day. Let the beauty of mother nature, rich foliage, greenery and wild or landscaped flowers be your backdrop. The added bonus with this location are the beautiful outdoor wedding photos your photographer can capture throughout your wedding day events.
Simple, Fresh Setting
An orchard or vineyard would be a stunning venue for your outdoor wedding. Depending on your location some of the bigger vineyards offer wedding packages. Don’t forget to have local wine available for your reception guests to pair with your delicious food. Consider a wine pairing with several light dinner courses or wine tasting at the bar area. For more ideas check out Mindy’s Vineyard Wedding post.
Orchards host a variety of appeals for a fall bride; a beautiful and intimate setting with mother nature lending a hand with your wedding decor. You wedding decorations can be kept to a minimum, a cheap wedding budget helper, if DIY brides utilize their settings. A simple and easy DIY wedding idea is to hang lighting or ribbons from tree limbs. Paired with white table clothes and a simple arrangemnet for your centerpiece all your wedding decor is taken care of. A simple, fresh wedding setting.
Different Take on Outdoors
Often not the first choice for an outdoor wedding are historical grounds. A different take on a fall outdoor wedding this venue offers both the beauty of a fall day and a sophisticated look. This real wedding photo form theknot.com showcases an outdoor wedding that used the encircling driveway for the reception tables. The historic building in the background adds a bit of sophisticated charm.
Kick Open the Barn Doors
Now you can’t talk about fall, outdoor weddings without including a barn wedding venue. Barn weddings can fit any popular wedding theme, from country, rustic to chic. Take advantage of high rafters and string lighting and fabric drapery. A barn setting can offer you both an outdoor and indoor setting. Kick open those barn doors and dance the night away under the country stars. And don’t forget those hay rides, a fun and memorable experience for your guests.
[hr]
It is easy to see the appeal of outdoor weddings during the fall. With a variety of settings, DIY wedding ideas and cheap wedding idea savers, any outdoor wedding can be customized into your perfect wedding day. Take advantage of everything the season has to offer and plan your fall outdoor wedding today!
One commentAcceptance of 'smart' intravenous infusion pumps is growing among nurses, but challenges remain Research Activities, January 2011, No. 365 Over the years, intravenous (IV) infusion pumps have undergone technological refinement in an attempt to reduce medication administration errors. Today, more and more hospitals are using what are known as "smart" IV pumps. These are designed to double-check the programmed dose of medication and identify other errors before and during medication or fluid infusion. A new study of nurses' experiences with these pumps finds that their acceptance is growing. However, challenges remain with regard to implementing these pumps in the health care setting and dealing with technical performance issues. The researchers surveyed nurses attending training sessions on smart IV pumps prior to their implementation at a large medical center.Nurses were surveyed again via e-mail at 6 weeks after the pumps were actively in use on the floors and then again at 1 year. Nurses expressed positive perceptions of the smart IV pumps on the preimplementation and 6-week postimplementation surveys. These positive perceptions increased significantly after 1 year of use. This was particularly true when it came to the perceived efficiency of these pumps. Such improvements were not observed, however, regarding nurses' experiences with the pump's implementation process and technical performance. Nurses cited problems with the usefulness of information received about the pump's implementation as well as clarity of the training materials. Even after 1 year, perceptions regarding the pump's noise and reliability did not improve.Factors that influenced a nurse's acceptance of the pump included reliability, programming speed, efficiency, error recovery, alarm messages, and interface satisfaction. Technology refinement by smart pump vendors will be needed to overcome problems such as air-in-line alarms and delay-related beeps. Better training materials, particularly ones that can serve as ready references, will also help with the acceptance of these pumps, note the researchers. Their study was supported in part by the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (HS14253).See "Nurses' acceptance of Smart IV pump technology," by Pascale Carayon, Ph.D., Ann Schoofs Hundt, Ph.D., and Tosha B. Wetterneck, M.D., in the International Journal of Medical Informatics 79, pp. 401-411, 2010. Current as of January 2011 Internet Citation: Acceptance of 'smart' intravenous infusion pumps is growing among nurses, but challenges remain: Research Activities, January 2011, No. 365. January 2011. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Rockville, MD.Alphabet adds to cash pile despite higher costs
ReutersNewsPublished: July 25, 2017
Published: July 25, 2017
Despite a massive anti-trust fine, Alphabet reports a 21 percent jump in quarterly revenue, maintaining a growth rate that is rarely seen among companies its size and suggesting the big sales gains enjoyed recently by the other Internet firms are not done yet. Ciara Lee reports.Rich »
Author Archives: News in BriefFeed Subscription
Mathews elected to lead American Bar endowment
Norfolk rail line to cost more, amount unknown
NORFOLK—Norfolk’s starter light rail line will cost more to build than projected, but officials say they can’t yet pinpoint the increases. The rail line will run from Eastern Virginia Medical Center to the Virginia Beach border. It was budgeted at ...Read More »
Fairfax approves one-day furlough around holidays
FAIRFAX—About 9,000 Fairfax County employees will get an extra day off without pay around the holidays. The Board of Supervisors on Monday approved a one-day furlough for all non-essential county employees on Jan. 2. The furloughs are expected to save ...Read More »
Chesterfield cops look into campaign sign theft
CHESTER—Chesterfield County police are investigating the theft of a resident’s campaign sign supporting Barack Obama’s bid for the presidency. The 4-by-8-foot sign in the yard of a black resident was replaced by a Confederate flag. The Obama sign was posted ...Read More »
House panel wants VCU to revoke unearned degree
A legislative committee wants Virginia Commonwealth University’s Board of Visitors to see if it can revoke a degree it granted Richmond’s former police chief that he didn’t earn. House Appropriations Committee members on Monday asked VCU to ask its legal .. ...Read More » »
Tech use during trial is topic of Richmond Bar program
The Richmond Bar Association will present a program Tuesday, Oct. 21, on the use of technology in presenting evidence during trials. The program – “Can They Do That? Use and Abuse of Basic Courtroom Technology” – will be held at ...Read More »On Thu, 2 Apr 2009, Lux, James P wrote: > > On Thu, Apr 02, 2009 at 10:11:07AM -0400, Prentice Bisbal wrote: > > > Or it could be because they make motherboards that convert > > 12 VDC to 5 > > > VDC on the motherboard. > > Greg Lindahl wrote: > > All Itanium and some other x86 boxes take a single 48V input > > to the mobo. I talked to a mobo designer once and he claimed > > that there was no power savings to be had doing this. Beats me, mon. > If I were king of the world and could dictate designs, here's what I would do: > > A big bulk 3 phase rectifier to make the 400V bus, which would be fairly > > The batteries hang off this bus at that voltage. (this is standard stuff > these days, with grid-tie inverters, for instance). That leads to short battery life. If you take this approach you really want the intermediate voltage to be optimized to the battery float voltage. This is a century-old design used with 48V telephone circuits and giant lead-acid cells in the basement, but using it with higher voltages and better batteries doesn't work well. > You distribute the 400VDC (or 350, or whatever it works out to be > convenient) to all the chassis. Here is where you run into problems. If you use telephony-standard 48V, you need really hefty power cables. If you use high voltage, you need better insulation and special precautions. If you run 400VDC to the server boards, you need special precautions for the power connections and everything connected to the board. Anywhere it's possible for the 400VDC to get to needs to be shielded from human contact and isolated from the rest of the system. A FET shorting 400VDC through a heatsink or to a ground plane can fry a whole board, and then the human that goes to replace it. Suddenly running 120V or 240V to isolated metal-boxed power supplies looks like a great engineering solution. > Because you're feeding from an essentially regulated DC bus, the "per > PC" power supply can be designed with higher efficiency over a narrower > input voltage range (2-3% should be easy to achieve, with fairly DC-to-DC converters can be 98% efficient (although 94% is typical), but they lose efficency when they have to convert a high ratio. To drop to 48V to 3.3V you'll want at least one intermediate stage.. say 12V. And if we are close, we might as well regulate it well and use it for the disk drives. Hmmm, aren't we back at pretty much the standard design? -- Donald Becker becker at scyld.com Penguin Computing / Scyld Software Annapolis MD and San Francisco CAAugust 6, 1999
Llewellyn Woolford, Jr.
Office of the General Counsel
U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services
Room 411D, Hubert H. Humphrey Bldg.
200 Independence Avenue SW
Washington, DC 20201-0004
Dear Mr. Woolford:
This responds to your inquiry as to whether Section 604(a)(3)(A) of the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") authorizes a state child support enforcement agency ("CSEA") to procure credit reports on child support debtors in connection with the enforcement of child support orders.
Section 604(a)(3)(A) permits creditors or debt collectors to obtain consumer reports in connection with collection of credit accounts. In its Commentary on the FCRA, the Commission stated its view that a "child support agency may obtain a consumer report in connection with enforcement of the report subject's child support obligation, established by court ... orders, since the agency ... is, in effect, collecting a debt."(1) This interpretation of Section 604(a)(3)(A) is a corollary to the Commission's view, also stated in the Commentary,(2) that the provision allows a judgment creditor the same access to consumer reports as a consensual creditor. Pursuant to that analysis, a CSEA that is acting to enforce payment obligations imposed by child support orders (either in its own right or on behalf of a custodial parent) has a permissible purpose to obtain a consumer report on the parent subject to the order.
One provision of the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (Public Law 104-193, Title III, Subtitle F, Section 352), which was signed into law on August 22, 1996, added two new subsections that provide agencies with additional authority to obtain consumer reports in connection with their duties relating to child support awards. Section 604(a)(4) now grants state and local CSEAs the authority to obtain consumer reports to establish an individual's capacity to make child support payments and to determine the amount of the payments. Section 604(a)(5) allows certain other state agencies to obtain consumer reports in order to set or modify a child support award. In our view, these additional provisions -- permitting child support authorities to obtain consumer reports on parents in connection with the assessment of child support obligations -- in no way detract from the existing right of such authorities under Section 604(a)(3)(A) to obtain reports to assist in enforcement of final orders.
For the reasons set forth above, we believe that Section 604(a)(3)(A) of the FCRA permits a CSEA to obtain consumer reports on child support debtors in connection with the enforcement of child support orders. The opinions set forth in this informal staff letter are not binding on the Commission.
Sincerely yours,
Clarke W. Brinckerhoff
Endnotes:
1. 16 C.F.R. 600 Appendix, 55 Fed. Reg. 18,804, 18,815 (May 4, 1990); comment 604(3)(A)-3. In the original FCRA, this provision was Section 604(3)(A). It was not changed substantively in the 1996 amendments, but was re-designated Section 604(a)(3)(A) at that time when Subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g) were added to Section 604.
2. Id., comment 604(3)(A)-2.Directions to WE Hostel Design
- Info
- |
- Rates
- |
- Map & Directions
- |
- Reviews
- |
- Facilities
Map & Directions
From Guarulhos Intl. Airport (GRU)
By Bus
1. Catch local Bus 257 to Metro Tatuape. It stops at the island outside Terminal 1.
2. Get off at Tatuape station. Take Line 3 (Red) towards Palmeiras-Barra Funda.
3. Get off at Se station and transfer to Line 1 (Blue) headed towards Jabaquara.
4. Get off at Ana Rosa station. Walk down Av. Conselheiro Rodrigues Alves towards it for about 900m
5. Turn left on R. Aurea and walk 1 block.
6. Turn right on R. Morgado de Mateus and walk 1 block until you get to We Hostel Design on your left.
By Taxi- Please include Taxi fare
1. Outside Terminals 1 and 2, are taxi ticket booths labelled 'Guarucoop'. Show them the address, and they'll arrange a taxi for the fixed price of R$130.Once a test is recorded, there are a number of ways the generated test can be specialized.
Selecting a Custom Base Test Class
It often makes sense to create reusable base test classes that define reusable fixture setup logic. These base tests can be specified in the New UI Test wizard.
Specifying Setup Handlers
Robust tests are independent in that they depend very little on
pre-established application state. Test independence can be
promoted by capturing all of the test’s expectations about
the application under state in setup condition handlers
defined in the test’s
setUp method. Common
conditions can be selected in the New UI Test wizard.
Dr. Michael Mullan is the CEO of Roskamp institute of Florida and this institute holds clinical trials under his supervision which help doctors and victims to learn a lot on the concerned disorders.
March 20, 2014 (Newswire) - Brain and neuropsychiatric disorders are becoming more and more common and there are several people who look here and there to know them deeply. This in facts helps them to get the best possible therapy and one of the well know personalities across the globe who have researched on them and have carried out effective results is Dr Michael Mullan. He is known as a great researcher who has made brain and similar disorders more clearly to the people. His contribution in this matter is explained in coming paragraphs.
If you need to boost your knowledge on this topic, nothing can help you better than the research papers of Michael Mullan. As a primary author of more than 200 research papers covering a lot of information of genetic disorders, Neuropsychiatric disorders and other similar issues, he has uncovered a lot of information through which it has now become possible to cure them more quickly and without compromising with the health of victims. The research papers can simply be located on the World Wide Web.
Clinical trials at Roskamp institute
At presently Mullan is the CEO of Roskamp institute of Florida and this institute holds clinical trials under his supervision which help doctors and victims to learn a lot on the concerned disorders. If you are the one who need to be a part of it, you can do so very simply. Basically these trails help people to learn what they should care of and this is exactly what is contributing a lot in making these disorders more visible. These trials are conducted free of cost and you can be a part of them without worrying about the cost.
Carrier as a professor
In his carrier, Mullan is not just a President of different research institutes but he also worked as a professor after completing his PhD from London University. During his teaching days he carried out a lot of information that has skyrocket research on these disorders in London University and other organizations.
A good leader
As a good leader at Roskamp institute, he always motivate is fellow researcher to keep up the pace. Many of the scientists under his supervision have unveiled a lot of information related with genetic disorders and other health issues.
At Roskamp he is responsible for all moral decisions. With his interest in researching on genetic disorders, he is continuously putting efforts to find effective therapies that can help victims to improve quality of life they live. With his award winning efforts, he is committed to work in different environments.
In addition to all these, he has also focused on Alzheimer disease and has contributed a lot in making a lot of aspects related with it more clearly to the people. If you need are looking to know more about this topic, you can visit his website or can read various blogs on the internet.
More about Mullan
Roskamp is a nonprofit institute and where a team of scientists, professors as well as students put sincere efforts to bring the results that can be dedicated to needy people for maintaining good health at
Contact Information: --
Roskamp Institute
2040 Whitfield Avenue
Sarasota, fl 34243
Phone: 941-752-2949Manny De Los Santos
Biography
De Los Santos was born in the Dominican Republic and grew up in the Washington Heights community of New York City. He earned his B.A. in psychology and his master's degree in social work from the University of Albany.[1]
Professionally, De Los Santos has held a variety of positions aimed at serving the community. He served as a board member for the Department of Youth and Community Development, as a member of the Manhattan-Community Board 12 and as the male district leader for the 72nd Assembly District-Part B; Inwood/Marble Hills..[2][3][4]
Recent news
This section displays the most recent stories in a Google news search for the term "Manny + De + Los + Santos + New + York + Assembly"
- All stories may not be relevant to this page due to the nature of the search engine.
Manny De Los Santos News Feed
See also
- New York State Assembly
- New York State Assembly District 72
- New York State Assembly elections, 2014
- New York State Legislature
External links
- Official campaign website
- Manny De Los Santos on Facebook
- Manny De Los Santos on Twitter
- New York State Assembly
References
- ↑ 1.0 1.1 Manny De Los Santos, "Meet Manny," accessed August 17,June 12, 1996 in Nation/World
Southern Baptists Elect Hard-Liner
Torn by years of internal conflict between theological moderates and conservatives, the Southern Baptist Convention chose a new president Tuesday in an uncontested race that marked the control hard-liners have won over the denomination.
Tom Elliff, pastor of the First Southern Baptist Church of Del City, Okla., was elected to a one-year term on a show of hands from more than 13,000 delegates at the afternoon session.
It was the first time in decades that the presidency of the 16-million-member denomination has been uncontested. Although largely an honorary position, the president has influential appointive powers.
The vote was a landslide unseen since long before the convention erupted in internal conflict in 1979 and theological conservatives surprised the denomination’s leadership by winning the presidency.
They have won every election since.
Conservative Southern Baptists hold that the Bible is literally true - “inerrant” in its science and history as well as its theology.
Moderates believe that Scripture is divinely inspired truth, while trusting the judgment of modern scholarship that some passages may be read non-literally, as the literature of their time.
Asked what he would say to the moderate faction of the Southern Baptists, Elliff summed it up quickly.
“The word would be ‘Repent and understand the scriptural content of the Bible is the word of God,”’ Elliff said.
© Copyright 1996 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.SGI, yesterday, announced the first in the Rackable x86 scale-out series of servers to support both on-board quad data rate [QDR] Infiniband and 10Gb Ethernet connections. Available across the Rackable server product line, the new servers feature dual quad small form factor pluggable [QSFP] ports running at 40Gbps QDR Infiniband or 10Gb Ethernet.
Diverse industries, including oil and gas, financial services, engineering, and research and education, are eagerly deploying HPC solutions to increase operational performance,”.”
The new servers are based upon the latest Intel 5500 series Nehalem and support top-bin silicon at 3.2Ghz with up to 96GB of memory. For more info on the new servers, read the full release here.Giant Sparks To Thrill Visitors At Exposition (Nov, 1936)
While not quite to this scale, Greg Leyh had an amazing pair of 9-foot tall Tesla Coils this weekend at Maker Faire.
Maker Faire was unbelievably cool and wonderful. All of the exhibits were great and the everybody was incredibly warm and generous. It was a very heartening experience. If you can, I highly recommend you go when they do it all again in Austin this October.
Giant Sparks To Thrill Visitors At Exposition
PEERING into a cylindrical cage eighty feet in diameter and equally tall, visitors to the international exposition at Paris, France, next summer, will see one of the world’s most powerful high-voltage electric generators in action. Ten-foot-long sparks will snap between huge brass spheres mounted on insulating pillars, with a sound like the cracking of a giant whip. Should any of the sparks go astray, they will be harmlessly grounded by the metal cage, which safeguards the spectators from their terrific power. Operators will control the spectacular display from within the hollow spheres, where, strangely enough, they will be equally safe.
In principle, the Paris machine will resemble a monster high-voltage generator already in operation in a dirigible hangar at Round Hill, Mass. (P.S.M., Jan., ’32, p. 19). Endless belts of rubberized cotton, whirling within the pillars at mile-a-minute speed, will pile up charges of static electricity upon the metal spheres. When a 5,000,000-volt potential is reached, the discharge will occur.
Behind the unusual exhibit lies a romantic story. The super-generator has long been the dream of Mme. Irene Curie Joliot, daughter of the discoverers of radium, and her husband and scientific collaborator, Prof. Jean Frederic Joliot, who startled physicists two years ago by announcing the artificial production of radioactivity. Just such a machine was needed to pursue their experiments in making artificial radium, but funds to build it were lacking. Then the idea occurred to them of exhibiting it at the fair in order to pay for it. After the exposition, the powerful generator will be moved to their laboratory for the important research work.
Cool! Now they need to make the cage spherical, and have three motorcycles racing around inside!
Heh, that would rock.
THE COUNTY VIEW
27th December 2002 11:43
Following County is never dull, it's fair to say. After the pre-Christmas stuffing of Northampton, we travelled across to Stag country to face a Mansfield side who'd turned things around a bit recently, with a 4-0 thumping of their own, versus Blackpool. So we could probably expect a few goals then, and we were not to be disappointed on that front. Just saw a few too many in the wrong net, sadly.
For once, you'll be shocked to learn, myself and Andy aka Traffic King had an uneventful journey to the ground. We had a set of directions that we not only followed correctly, but were very helpful. This mean that we rolled up into the Mansfield club car park at around 12pm. Had received a call from TR saying to call Chris when we got their, so after parking up, we waited for Chris. His timing was spot on as we were stood by the gate just as he drove up. A quick trip to KFC - photo included purely for Mr Maguire's benefit - still not been yet? and we were fed and watered and ready for the game. Met Lucy and Hitchin Hatter as well. Familar faces were out in force as we spotted Prodigy and Mozzer queuing to get in, and just inside the turnstiles I managed to walk right past Steve and Magua by accident (sorry!), as I'd spotted Prodigy tucking into a couple of pies.
Headed to find a seat about ten minutes before kick off. First glance at the pitch and it looked extremely boggy in a few places - the stadium announcer was busy congratulating the staff on getting the game playable. It had been extremely wet in the last few days. There was no surface water, just the area round the goalmouth nearest to us looked a little treacherous. I made a joke about Jones getting stuck like quicksand - little knowing how the patch of mud was to betray us later on. Spotted Sammy the Stag, the Mansfield mascot, which quickly turned into "Smithills the Moose" given their similarity. Said Moose man was probably checking his bags again as he's due on a flight over to the UK shortly.
The teams ran out, and we noticed we were in our change shirt of white with black shorts. Bugger. How many points has that strip seen us win this season? Withdraw it now! The team lined up in a 3-5-2 formation, which was good to see. Lee Jones in goal, back three of Tonkin, Clare and Challinor. Midfield of Briggs, Pemberton, Gibb, Lambert, Lescott. Beckett and Burgess up front, as usual. Not entirely sure what Luke has done to his hair, it's got a blonde streak down the top of it now, his new nickname will have to be "Badger Beckett". Not sure who won the toss, but County changed ends and we were to be attacking the goal that housed us in the first half. Always slightly disappointing when that happens, I prefer to see the team attacking us in the second half so we can pick them up if needed.
Straight from the kick off, it was clear that the players would have to watch the pitch fairly carefully. A whole portion in front of the dugouts to our right was extremely muddy, and balls that you would have bet your house on going straight out of play were sticking and remaining near the touchline. Play immediately headed to that side of the pitch, and a few industrial clearances saw some balls exit the ground early on.
Before we'd had a chance to really get a gist of what was going on, County won a corner after some good work down the left wing. Burgess (I think?) went over to take it, and sent a looping corner over. Not entirely sure what happened here, but the next thing we knew was that the ball was heading into the back of the net, without a County player near it! DAY had made a fantastic connection with the ball from some distance out and the keeper had no chance. County fans and players celebrated this early goal. The best start we could make. It quitened a somewhat noisy Mansfield crowd down.
Mansfield were a bit stung by this, and pushed forward to try and get an equaliser. It appeared to me that they were getting far too much space down both our left and right flanks - there were often two attackers on one defender, and a series of robust challenges kept them at bay. But not for long. They won a corner, and tried an interesting method to get the ball into the box. A short corner was played, and then one-two'd past the covering County defenders. The ball was crossed in from the edge of the 18 yard box and CHRISTIE was there to head it firmly past Lee Jones to make it 1-1. The Mansfield fans erupted, and we were back on level terms far too quickly for my liking. We were caught cold at the corner, and Town tried variations of it all day. Only once of twice County figured it out though, despite fans screaming at them to cover as it was obvious to us what was going to happen. County were defending corners deep as usual, but leaving four Mansfield Midfielders unmarked on the edge of the box. It was easy for their corner taking duo to pick them out, and let them pepper the County goal with shots. All thankfully wide.
However, the game was fairly open, and it was a "County have a chance, Mansfield have a chance" end to end type of game. When coming forward and not getting stuck in the mud we didn't look too bad. Gibb was managing to get past his marker a few times, although the crossing was slightly wayward. The referee and linesmen were turning out to be extremely poor though, with many sliding tackles going unpunished, and some extremely dubious offside decisions to say the least. They were just as bad for both sides though. What was worrying to see was the amount of space they were still getting down our wings, particulary down our right side, where Gibb was being shouted at by Clare to cover properly. Poor Gibb was often left with two men to mark though, which made his life somewhat tricky.
County broke from a Mansfield attack but it was rudely stopped by a Mansfield tackle. The ref gave the free kick, and Burgess tried to take it quickly a la Northampton. It was a fine effort as well, just whistling past the keeper's right hand post by a foot at most. He would never have got near it if was on target - as the photo shows, with Burgess just about to strike the ball, he was leaning on the left hand post trying to sort the wall out. More quick thinking from Burgess. Now, I'm not too much of a Burgess fan but I thought in this first half he had a good game today. He was jumping for everything and winning about 90% of the aerial balls. Also he was tracking back and making challenges to disposess and break up Mansfield attacks. A good disply from the lad. Aaron Lescott was looking as dependable as ever as well. Pemberton was getting a lot of stick from the Mansfield fans, and although I didn't think he was that bad in the first half he faded badly in the second.
It wasn't just our defence having problems though, Mansfield appeared half asleep too. Beckett could have had a penalty as he was being chased (the free kick above). He was, as usual, causing chaos, and not long afterwards got the ball deep in the Mansfield area. Keith Curle was marking him, and got too close before putting an arm over Luke's shoulder and hauling him down. The County support were laughing it was that blatent a penalty, and the ref pointed to the spot. Given Luke's somewhat erractic shooting from 12 yards, Burgess went to take the kick. He fooled the keeper and struck it low to the keeper's right, with the keeper diving to his left. A good penalty, and County back in front. Ben rushed to the stand with County players jumping on him in celebration. Again, I'm not the world's biggest Ben fan, but more performances like this and I will be converted.
Would going back in front settle us down though? Sadly not. We looked all over the place at the back, despite being in our 3-5-2 formation, and time and time again Mansfield were causing us problems. It looked a bit like defending at all costs, and any Mansfield corners were still causing us problems. We never figured out their routines all day. It was somewhat tense in the away end as we willed the team on, hoping for a third goal on the break.
With about 35 minutes gone, we nearly got it. Gibb rode two challenges on the right wing, and set off towards the touchline. He sent a great low cross over, about level with the 6 yard line but curling away so the keeper could not reach it. Burgess and Beckett were steaming in but it eluded them by a foot or two at most, and headed out on the far side. A good move, shame that it didn't get the finish it deserved - maybe just a bit too much pace on the ball.
After that, we were back in the defensive, as Mansfield pushed for an equaliser before half time. They appeared to be mightly close with a couple of attempts, one shot skidding just wide of Jone's left hand post, and another great chance right at the end of the half from about 12 yards out sent just over the bar. Prodigy pointed out that maybe Mansfield were one of the few teams unluckier than us, as they did seem to be managing to fail just at the crucial moment, thankfully for us. Challinor was injured after a late challenge, and someone shouted in jest "Don't worry, it won't affect his mobility" which raised a few laughs. It didn't - he was back to normal a few minutes later.
With the usual injury time County panic defending, we just about got through to half time 2-1 up and without and more incidents. I don't know what it is about us but we do seem to enter some sort of Bermuda Triangle in any injury time of a half - the defence simply disappears. However, the ref blew and we relaxed.
Wished various people Happy Christmas at half time, and Andy went off in search of a hot drink. Despite the scares, quite pleased with a 2-1 lead given Mansfield had turned over Blackpool 4-0 and beaten Barnsley at their place. The "unlucky" white kit was more of a brown kit now given the amount of sliding around in the mud. Jones won the "Slide of the half" Competition I think, with a slide of around 10 yards after collecting a ball.
I was on the verge of allowing myself to think about how good it would be to get back to back wins. However, I was to be rudely shaken out of this dream all too soon. Mansfield attacked us from the kickoff and we had trouble defending our left wing, not for the first time in this game. After a County attack the ball was played through to Christie on their right wing. He looked miles offside to us, and we were all up shouting for the offside. However it wasn't given and he raced towards goal. Clare ran back, and just outside the 6 yard box, caught him up. He then tackled him from the side, but missed the ball and brought the man down. A clear penalty, and given that he was last man about 5 yards from goal we feared the worst. However the ref gave only a yellow. I'm not sure why as it looked a red to me, but was relieved. Cordon (Vale reject, as I kept reminding him in the hope he'd miss) stepped up and sent Jones the wrong way despite 800 County fans jumping around behind the goal to try and put him off. The Mansfield players then helpfully decided to gesture and celebrate at us, which provoked a hostile reaction from the County fans. Maybe Corden heard me. In Curle's programme notes he implied they'd taken the defeat at Edgeley Park quite badly, and were out for revenge. I don't know why they'd think that, unless they thought they should have had something from it. I remember that they played well against us, but we scored and they didn't - it happens. Either way they were certainly up for this.
County looked a bit stunned from being back on level terms so early. We'd switched to a 4-4-2 formation - I presume to try and stop Mansfield from getting down our flanks, but, as so often this season, it merely seemed to stop us as an attacking side. Briggs went to right back. Gibb seemed to come in a bit, which made him anonymous. Remember Chesterfield? It was like that all over again. Rob Clare had gone to pieces after giving away the penalty and seemed to have lost his composure. Pemberton was on the left wing now and getting a great deal of stick from the Town fans, and this seemed to affect his game too.
Mansfield now had the upper hand and poured forwards. They abandoned the wing play though and this time came straight down the middle of the park. DISLEY picked the ball up a long way from goal and ran forward. He let a shot go about 25 yards out. It was pretty pathetic as it trickled slowly towards Jones, who went to pick it up. I was off my seat along with a lot of other County fans to tease him about it, but suddenly, we noticed the ball had somehow got past Jones and was in the back of the net! I have absoutely no idea what happened, I can only assume Jones either tried to flick it up with his foot and missed it, or it was bobbling along and hit a patch of that treacherous mud and skidded under him rather than bouncing up. To be honest, I'm surprised it even made it to the goal, it didn't even appear to hit the back of the net. Either way, we were not 3-2 down. A terrible goal to give away. I'm not looking forward to seeing it on the TV, and Jones even less so I would imagine.
This goal knocked the stuffing out of County, and we simply fell to pieces. Heads were down, balls were being kicked away aimlessly, and the Town fans were taunting us with "Can we play you every week?" etc. This was a desperate point in the game for us, we looked a beaten side, and were resorting to long hoofs up the park rather than playing our way out of trouble. It was not pleasant viewing for us, as we were pushed back. Mansfield were suddenly full of confidence and looked the more likely to score. I think we had one header that Burgess put over the bar in the second half and that was it. We were very, very poor.
The pitch was a bit of a bog. It was interesting to note that Mansfield were pumping the balls to the corners, and chasing what seemed to be lost causes. However, the ball would stick when it looked certain to go out of play. Mansfield players figured this out, we did not, which led to a lot of panic "GET BACK" moments. Usually ending up in another corner where they do the one-two routine and we fail to stop it. Again. Our defend in numbers tactic is a bit flawed when we're all on the 6 yard box, and they have 3 players on the 18 yard box waiting to hammer it in. Luckily, although they're improving fast, they're not that good. Certainly from what we've seen though, there are a lot worse teams than Mansfield in this Division, and they should not be bottom of the table.
We were still not offering anything in attack and it was getting worrying. Challinor and Lambert were taken off for Fradin and Hardiker. Fradin was pushed into emergency defense a few times, but played his way out of trouble. Sadly we just then hoofed it and the ball came back at us.
With just about ten minutes to go, still no spark from county. Mansfield grew in confidence, and it was no suprise when they scored again. CORDEN got the ball on the left wing, cut in, and sent a low shot past Jones from just inside the box. 4-2, game over. County were now a shambles, with the defence all over the place, and midfield having to get back in an "all hands to the pump" exercise. There was, sadly, only one side looking likely to score again. Jokes abounded on the away end that we could win 5-4 like Bristol City.
The board went up for 2 minutes of injury time, and we had our best chance of the half. Luke's bloody mindedness saw him get through in the center of goal. With the goal beckoning, he tried to put it past the keeper, but he clawed it away and the chance was gone. If it had gone in, maybe some panic would have ensued, but with that, our last chance was gone, and it was a relief that the final whistle went shortly afterwards. Mansfield = very happy, County = depressed.
Let's not take anything away from Mansfield though, they looked pretty good to me. They'll stay up easily if they keep this type of perforamnce up. Sadly they've seen the "worst" of County, we know we can play better than today. Stags fans, we're not always as bad as today.
So. All in all, not a good day at the office, especially in the second half. We must get the defence sorted before Bristol City come to EP on Saturday, or we could have more than a few problems. It was a quiet car ride home, how can we play so badly after doing so well last week? The story of our season so far, in this one game - a few good signs, but more than evened out by some worrying ones.
Get the Mansfield view at the excellent
Martin
Martin@
----------
HattersMatters.com
Mansfield 4 - 2 Stockport
County's players extended their Christmas festivities for an extra day after handing Mansfield victory on Boxing Day. County twice took the lead but failed to hold on to it after losing 4-2 to the Stags on a very muddy pitch at Field Mill.
County only made one change to the squad that trounced Northampton 4-0 by recalling midfielder Karim Fradin into the squad at the expense of Jim Goodwin.
The Hatters got off to a fantastic start after they took the lead after 3 minutes following a Rickie Lambert corner kick. Lambert's corner from the right hand side was met by Mansfield defender Rhys Day and he could only watch as his header looped over Stags keeper Kevin Pilkington and into the goal to make it 1-0 to the visitors.
Mansfield didn't have to wait long to be back on level terms though after a short corner routine mesmerised County's defence in the 6th minute. With Aaron Lescott and another County player dumfounded by the tactical corner, a cross was swung in which Iyseden Christie met with a powerful header to make it 1-1.
County regained the lead in the 17th minute after Mansfield player manager Keith Curle wrestled Luke Beckett to the floor in the area whilst Beckett had the ball with his back to goal. Ben Burgess was entrusted with the spot kick and he gave County a 2-1 lead after beating Kevin Pilkington from 12 yards.
County survived a few scares before half time as the Stags cut County's defence open looking for an equaliser before half time but fortunately Lee Jones came to the rescue a few times as well as poor finishing on Mansfield's behalf.
County changed to a 4-4-2 formation in the second half in a bid to shut up shop but it seemed to help Mansfield as County's back four lacked pace and the long ball over the top caught County out many times during the second half.
The home side were back on level terms in the 48th minute after Rob Clare bought Christie down in the box from behind and the England under 20 international was lucky to stay on the pitch after fouling Town's striker when clean through. Wayne Corden beat Lee Jones with the spot kick and then incited County's travelling fans by taking his celebrations a little too far in front of the away end at Field Mill.
Lee Jones will never forget the third goal that Mansfield scored after allowing a tame Craig Disley shot from outside the area to beat him in the 54th minute. Disley was played through for a one on one but looked to have wasted his chance after shooting early from outside the area but Lee Jones could only look on in horror after he allowed Disley's weak effort to squirm under his body and over the line.
County's misery was complete in the 79th minute after Wayne Corden grabbed his second goal of the game with a shot from inside the area. Corden received a square pass across the area and he then turned right back Keith Briggs before beating Lee Jones with a powerful shot to make it 4-2 to the Stags.
Luke Beckett had a good chance in the last minute to make it 4-3 after he had two shots which Kevin Pilkington did very well to save but in the end a 4-3 score line would have flattered County after Mansfield had battered the Hatters on the day. County must now pick themselves up before Saturday when second placed Bristol City visit Edgeley Park in the league.
Latest
|
December 2002home > learning center > glossary > v, w, x, y & z
glossary
_____________________
A vehicle history report contains records associated with an automobile's Vehicle Identification Number (VIN). This information can include past owners, accidents, total loss declarations, repairs, and other facts.
See also: CARFAX, depreciation, salvage title, Vehicle Identification Number
Where can I get my car inspected for damage?
See car insurance.
See registration.
Vehicular coverage refers to the part of an insurance policy that covers damages to the policyholder's vehicle. This generally includes collision and comprehensive coverages.
See also: collision coverage, comprehensive coverage, liability coverage
Myth: comprehensive insurance covers everything
The Vehicle Identification Number (also know as the VIN) is the unique 17-digit number found on each car. The VIN contains the vehicle's serial number, as well as abbreviations for the make, model, and year.
Your VIN appears on your vehicle registration card. It's also engraved on your car, near the base of the windshield on the driver's side dashboard and/or on the edge of the driver's side door.
Though you don't need to enter your VIN when you get a car insurance quote from Esurance, you will need to provide your car's VIN when you buy your car insurance policy.
A Vespa is a brand of scooter manufactured in Italy.
See also: scooter insurance
See Vehicle Identification Number.
The Classic Car Club of America defines vintage cars as vehicles made between 1919 and 1930.
See also: collector cars, brass era, antique cars, classic cars
Collector and classic car insurance
Classic car insurance coverage options.
See also: personal watercraft insurance, boat insurance
Personal watercraft insurance quotes
See commercial vehicle.)
Click to see the full definition.
Contact us | Privacy & security | Insurance rating & licenses | Terms of use | Site map.
Monthly Archives: November 2013
Innovation House pulls up limp
[update:.
Vacuum Forming — Does it Really Suck?
It’s time to play with vacuum forming. Below is a poll. Pick your favorite date/time and I will get back to everyone with the final choice. All you need to bring with you is some roughly mound shaped object smaller than 12″x12″ that you want to pull a mold from. We will be draping melting plastic on it so no (live) body parts or highly perishable items. Or just show up and look for found items. Some ideas can be found in my earlier post .
Also it’s a good chance to get your lab safety check-off and basic tool briefing if you have not done that yet.
[update: workshop scheduled for Wednesday, November 20 at 4 pm]
If I can find my can of Instamorph we will play with that as a bonus.Product:
Average rating from 2 reviews.
More Products By Companion Road:
Average rating from 1 reviews.
Average rating from 9 reviews.
Average rating from 10 reviews.
Similar Products:
Average rating from 1 reviews.
Average rating from 1 reviews.
Products We Are Testing:
Readers' Reviews add review
2 reviews
Awesome
posted 7 years ago
These are great! They come in all sizes. I have one for a Golden Retriever, and a toy poodle. I was able to use it in Fall, Winter, and Rainy days. Water rolls of coat. Very easy to clean.
Pros: Functional andA new study by Professor Jonah Rockoff and colleagues Raj Chetty and John N. Friedman of Harvard indicates that good elementary school teachers have a positive effect on students in the long-term. The study, which tracked 2.5 million students over 20 years, shows that teachers who raise standardized test scores impact their students beyond the classroom — their students are more likelly to go to college and less likely to be teenage mothers.
Find the complete study online.[ Cool Job Listings in the Tri-Cities By KarinaViveros August 26, 2013 We know a lot of people looking for jobs right now so we decided to share some of the coolest we've seen on the web: Read More Category: Tri-Cities News Tags: Job Search, local Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!New! You can now keep track of new articles from Strategic HR Review on your personalized homepage!
2015
Volume 14
2014
Volume 13
2013
Volume 13
Volume 12
2012
Volume 12
Volume 11
2011
Volume 11
Volume 10
2010
Volume 10
Volume 9
2009
Volume 9
Volume 8
2008
Volume 8
Volume 7
2007
Volume 7
Purpose – This paper aims to argue that action learning can contribute to organizational learning and increased organizational performance. The author seeks to propose that an action learning approach can enable organizations to shift their mindsets to turn problems into opportunities and find...
Purpose – The purpose of this article is to discuss creative HR solutions that can support broader business strategy in a challenging economic climate. It also highlights the need to adopt a proactive and creative approach to avoid simply reducing the level of service delivery when budgets are...
Purpose – HR leaders face a range of challenges on assuming responsibility for the function in their organizations. This paper aims to argue that if managed well, the actions of HR leaders over the first 90 days offer a significant opportunity to put the fundamentals for success in place; in...
Purpose – The purpose of this paper is to explore practical and sustainable ways of implementing small to large scale integrated organizational talent development programs in the form of a learning plan. Design/methodology/approach – The paper uses the work of psychology‐based consultancy,...
Purpose – This paper aims to deliver a psychological perspective on the theme of leading in turbulent times. Design/methodology/approach – Drawing on 20 years' experience of consulting, coaching and teaching in the field of leadership development, the author outlines the dynamics that...Media: For contact information on any of the following news releases, email Marina Geronazzo, marina.geronazzo@ucalgary.ca or phone 403-220-7722.
For past news release, visit Archives in the left-hand menu.
news RSS feed.
April 16, 2014
University of Calgary mourns loss of bright and talented students
President Cannon expresses condolences on behalf of university community
April 15, 2014
University of Calgary in mourning after shocking tragedy
Community gathering to be held this afternoon and flag half-masted
Feb. 28, 2013
A statement from Elizabeth Cannon, President of the University of Calgary, concerning remarks made by Tom Flanagan
Sept. 6, 2012
New Government of Alberta policy on expense disclosure
Sept. 4, 2012
Release of information in response to FOIP request
Aug. 24, 2012
In response to concerns regarding catch-and-release coyote studyMoney
Electricity retailers are looking at ways to cut demand for power in bid to stop excessive costs for households
- From: The Courier-Mail
- January 17, 2013
Electricity retailers are looking at ways to reduce demand from households and business during peak times. Source: The Daily Telegraph.
"The construction industry is still off work, as well as education, so if we're already exceeding base load demand in January, it will be worse in February," Mr Simpson said.
The ETU has written to the Federal Government calling for an inquiry into the matter.
To minimise the price spikes, the retailers are trialling cash incentives for businesses and homeowners to minimise their electricity demand during peak periods.
Brisbane-based ERM Power - which sells electricity to businesses across Australia - has developed a "demand response program".
When base-load capacity is expected to be breached, ERM contacts customers via phone, SMS and email, requesting they reduce demand.
ERM Power's executive general manager of energy solutions Matthew Forrest said the programs, which have been running since 2009, reduced pressure on the grid and increases the networks efficacy.
Financial returns for customers include up to 15 per cent saving on electricity if they participant and Mr Forrest said one customer saved $450,000 since 2009.
He said incentives and improved and reliable power supply is a dual draw card for customers, he said.
During recent hot weather Mr Forrest said customers reduced their load every day from Wednesday until Sunday and he expected that to continue this season.
He acknowledged that ERM also benefits financially from the changes but he said it was shared with participating customers.
A spokesman for Ergon Energy said a combination of education programs, incentive payments and direct communication with big business were all used to reduced demand in peak times.
If residential customers take up using off-peak power they stand to gain up to $250 for the Pool Pump Incentive Scheme and up to $100 for using hot-water in off peak times.
Energex encourages its commercial customers to run stand-alone generators at peak times to offset peak loads.
Originally published as Push to reduce power demand, pricesOriginally published as Push to reduce power demand, prices
Have your say 2014
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- Study Results
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study RecordThe Machinery by The Sweet Disorder published on 2013/08/13 11:33:20 +0000 Recently, I've not been able to get near to doing music because, as always, real life tends to get in the way. A few adjustments to the house as meant that most of my instruments have been in storage and I've been champing at the bit to record a backlog of stuff I've now accrued. In the meantime, I've posted this one where the main riff has come from a cut up sample I put together. A real departure for me and a real inspiring way of working. One of the things that tends to get in the way of music is that dreaded work/life balance. Unfortunately I've been stuck in the same office job for more years than I care to remember with the same commute and the same sense of unfulfillment. I generally tend not to get too frustrated about this as I've always had the opportunity to make the change but have never really found the courage. However, the claustrophobic, industrial mood of the music fitted this frustration I feel on occasion. As usual the lyrics are not really fully formed as I tend to write them a few minutes before recording (Another frustration!!) but they'll have to do. As always your feedback (both positive and negative) is gratefully accepted. The Machinery Early a.m, wake up in a daze, hear the sound of machinery With a headache, on the motorways, office block scenery In the traffic, clicking vital sign, heart attack hysteria Just like cattle, in the firing line, squealing herd mania Blood turns to oil Blood turns to oil Blood turns to oil Blood turns to oil Cog and chain gang, pinch in to the code, of the corporate system In the office, brian starts to fold, memory distant Every hour, merges into one, tired eye depression Till your beaten, dreaming of the gun, life sourse depression Automate the line - The Machinery Motorise the grind - The Machinery Automate the line - The Machinery Motorise the grind - The MachineryBy RODNEY D. BOAM
Citizen editor
Jennifer Stewart Griffith returned to Weston last week to visit her mother and get some relief from the blazing Safford, Ariz. summer.
The Citizen had a chance to visit with her about her latest book, “Big in Japan.”
Griffith will be at The Preston Citizen bookstore for a book signing on July 27, from 2-4 p.m.
Drawing from her experience and knowledge as an LDS missionary who served in Japan, Griffith tells the story of a big Texan named Buck Cooper who ends up going to Japan with his parents.
Cooper is obese and invisible to his colleagues and to the girl of his dreams, he is way below parr. Buck’s entire life is about fitting in, a feat he is always trying to overcome.
His life takes a turn when attends a sumo match and gets called out of the audience to battle a veteran of the sumo sport. He wins and gets recruited to train for a sumo organization. The book chronicles his journey to find love and acceptance.
Griffith said the book is not based on anyone in particular, but is about a nobody wanting to become a somebody.
“I tried to take people on trip to Japan in their mind, writing fiction is not going to change anyone’s life, but I can give them an escape. I can take people to another place away from their day-to-day life,” she said.
The USU English graduate said, “It was so much fun to write and the plot is different enough readers will hopefully enjoy. A sumo wrestler and romance, it’s not like any book you’ve read.”
Preston will get the first peek at the book. It will be at The Preston Citizen bookstore even before the publishers launch their campaign promoting, “Big in Japan.”
Griffith found a new publisher for her fourth and newest work, Jolly Fish Press in Provo, Utah.
This story is sponsored by LaMont Automotive.
For the full story subscribe to The Preston Citizen: in print or online.
validation lead jobs
VLSI Validation Engineer
Hewlett Packard- Plano , TX
hardware development within SDL. The validation team is responsible for ensuring that ... have a desire to create leading design validation methodologies. EXPECTED...30+ days ago from Hewlett Packard
Payroll Team Lead
Autodesk- San Rafael , CA
Description Payroll Team Lead Leads, performs and reviews all activities necessary to ... reporting. *Perform ad hoc reporting and validation, as needed. *Responsible for the...30+ days ago from Autodesk
Validation EngineerNEW
Kelly Services- Indianapolis , IN
Description: Author and execute validation protocols relating to medical device and ... with FDA regulated medical device validation protocols required. Excellent teamwork...12 hours ago from ZipRecruiter
Project Hardware Support Lead
Hewlett Packard- Colorado Springs , CO
fabrication. Responsibilities Supervise and lead local staff of contingent technicians ... multiple programs/projects simultaneously. Lead all bring-up and lab related activities.30+ days ago from Hewlett Packard
Vice President - Enterprise Model Validation Group
American Express- New York , NY
models according to American Express model validation policy; * Communicate validation ... with model development and regulatory validation requirements * Experience of...8 days ago from A Mighty River
4201037 - Quality Assurance Auditor - Validation
Kelly Services- South San Francisco , CA
Description: Quality Assurance Auditor - Validation Tech IILocation: South San ... Our connections can lead you to innovative scientific pursuits you'll be proud to help adv...17 days ago from ZipRecruiter
Test Release Lead - NMG 2.0NEW
Nordstrom- Seattle , WA
*Test Release Lead - NMG 2.0* Are you an experienced test lead who enjoys leading testing ... **Technology* **Title:** *Test Release Lead - NMG 2.0* **Location:**...9 hours ago from IHispano
CLS III / Group LeadNEW
Quest Diagnostics- Valencia , CA
Currently, we seek a CLS III / Group Lead - Valencia, CA. Work Schedule: Mon-Fri, 10am-6:30pm. Evening Shift Pay: $28.52+/hr salary depending upon experience Responsibilities JOB...1 day ago from IHispano
Mechanical Engineering Lead - REMOTENEW
Kelly Services- Cambridge , MA
scale-up from development through validation and transfer into commercial scale ... Strong understanding and application of validation processes (IQ/OQ/PQ) in combination pro...2 hours ago from ZipRecruiter
Senior Ongoing Monitoring Lead, Vice President
State Street- Boston , MA
Lead ongoing monitoring validation team and manage on/off shore resources. ... Experience in creation/standardization of model validation processes...15 days ago from Disabled Persons
-
- Johnson & Johnson 538
- Kelly Services 354
- Baxter International 268
- Oracle 178
- Medtronic 161
- State Street 146
- Dell 145
- HP 109
- Hewlett Packard 107
- Wells Fargo 96
- See more >
- Full time 3,075
- Permanent 2,915
- Part time 73
- Temporary 73
- Internship 49
- Contract 45
- See more >
- Some High School 4
- High School 133
- Some College 2
- Associate's Degree 115
- Bachelor's Degree 2,503
- Master's Degree 181
- Doctorate 66
- Professional 253
- See more >
- 0 - 2 years 220
- 2 - 5 years 788
- 5 - 7 years 631
- 7 - 10 years 438
- 10 - 15 years 166
- 15+ years 10
- See more >
- Socially Responsible [X]
- Fortune 500 2,836
- Fortune Most Admired Companies 2,245
- Veteran Friendly 1,499
- GLBT Friendly 1,405
- Mom Friendly 1,081
- Diversity Friendly 738
- Fortune Best Companies to Work For 132
- New Graduate 80
- See more >
- Exclude Job Boards 2,305
- Job Boards Only 777
- Exclude Recruiters 2,717
- Recruiters Only 365Limelight Networks(R) Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Financial Results
TEMYou Are Here:
Articles Detail
Aug
22
YCCC Welcomes
8/22/2014 11:11:09 AM by
Stacy Chilicki
YCCC Welcomes Three New Faculty
For Immediate Release: August 18, 2014
Wells, ME – York County Community College (YCCC) is pleased to announce that it has hired three new faculty who will start teaching this fall when the semester kicks off on September 2nd.
“The college is growing in student enrollments and is developing and implementing new programs! One of the most important parts of this growth is bringing on new faculty to teach in our programs.” said YCCC Vice President/Academic Dean Paula Gagnon. “The college conducted national searches for all three of these new faculty positions and received many highly qualified applications. We are especially thrilled because the three faculty joining us this fall were all the unanimous first choice of their respective search committees. It is an honor to welcome them to our college to be a part of our faculty.”
James Owens, faculty Computer Technology*-
holds a BA in Business and Management from University of Maryland University College, a ME with a concentration in Technology in Education from St. Michael's College, and a MS in Computer Science from Clarkson University. Following a career in the US Air Force Owens began a second career in technical education. Owens has previously taught at the Community College of Vermont, Clinton Community College, Plattsburgh State College in New York and the American University of Iraq, Sulaimani.
*This position is paid for by a grant from the U.S. Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration.
Krista Cochran, faculty Culinary Arts
- Cochran has been an adjunct pastry chef at YCCC since 2012 and holds both an AS in Patisserie & Baking and a BA in Culinary Management from the prestigious Le Cordon Bleu. Cochran brings with her a diverse and varied work experience. She has worked in a mass production bakery, owned and managed her own café/bakery and held the position of executive pastry chef at two hotels.
“It is a joy to come to school each day and to help each student reach their full potential.” said Cochran “I am looking forward to further developing the baking and pastry program, strengthening our ties with the community and providing more professional opportunities for our culinary students.”
Jennifer Mallett, faculty Math
-. -
Not so great
Quite good
Good
Great!
Excellent!
{UserName}
↑
↓
{Rating}
{Content}
|
Privacy
|
Terms
|Tickets & Appeals
Parking is enforced Monday through Friday from 7 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. The meters in lot A1 are enforced from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Other lots, such as B1 and F3, have unique hours which are posted on the signs at the entrance to each lot. If you do not have a parking permit and are parked in an enforced lot for students, staff, or other faculty, you may receive a ticket.
Students who receive parking tickets may pay the fee via their myKU account or in person in the Bursar's office (second floor of the administration building). Non-KU students may pay parking fines in the Bursar's Office or by mailing a check to the address listed on the ticket.
Students who wish to appeal a parking violation may do so via their myKU account. Appeals must be made within seven days of receiving the violation. The student will receive a verdict by email at their KU email address following the next regularly scheduled Traffic Bureau Meeting.
Any person with three (3) or more outstanding tickets is subject to having their vehicle immobilized. Students may also have a hold placed upon his/her records. Anyone who receives 20 or more tickets will have their parking privileges revoked.
While online appeals are required for students, campus visitors may print, fill in, and mail the following form to Public Safety:
Appeal FormTDPCMinisterial2013 › Cyril Svoboda
Cyril Svoboda was Born in Prague on November 24, 1956. He attended the Law Faculty of Charles University in Prague between 1976 – 1980 and became senior official in the Transgas state enterprise following his studies. In 1990 he took his first position within the Government of the Czechoslovak Republic Over the past years he has held numerous ministerial positions within the government of the Czech Republic.
He was Minister of the Government of the Czech Republic, Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Czech Republic, Chairman of the Legislative Council of the Government of the Czech Republic until he was recently nominated Minister for Regional Development. To date, Mr Svoboda has published a number of specialised studies on the subjects of legislation and foreign policy.Psion WaveFinder saved by software that works?
Yes, we know it's too late as well, but still....
The Register's WaveFinder was unplugged many months ago, and given Psion's apparent inability to produce lean, mean, reliable software for the device (granted, the company has other more pressing problems these days), it looks like it's missed the digital audio boat. At time of launch the WaveFinder could have been established as a component of PC bundling deals (in the same way as printers, digital cameras and scanners are), but it hasn't happened. Psion had enthusiastic reps from UK electronics chain Dixons (enthusiastic by the standards of reps from Dixons, anyway) at the launch, but today Dixons lists only one machine with a WaveFinder bundled, and it's out of stock.
But why are we going over this ancient history? Well, a few weeks back I was mailed by Steve Todd, who said he'd been sufficiently annoyed by the general uselessness of the WaveFinder software to impell him to write something better himself. He aimed for simplicity, modest CPU, RAM and resource requirements, an interface that could be tucked out of the way, a recording timer, and fewer glitches and crashes.
Naturally I said I'd take a look at it, and a series of "remember me?" emails from Steve later, I have. Steve's WaveLite is currently in production at version 1.0, and he's currently in beta on future versions. The software uses the same RadioScape VIADAB API as Psion's WaveFinder software, with licensed or freeware compiler, components and development tools, and an MPEG playback library licensed from XAudio.
It's been developed under Psion's nose, with beta group discussions taking place in Psion's own WaveFinder forums, but Steve says he hasn't heard a word from Psion officially. You couldn't exactly call this a green light, but it's not red or even amber either, and it'd be a lot smarter for Psion to adopt Steve and his software than to give him grief.
One obvious advantage of adoption would be that the Psion drivers and WaveLite could be distributed together, whereas at the moment you'll need Psion's WaveFinder drivers installed first before WaveLite's any use to you. And if you've any sense you deinstalled them months ago when you chucked the WaveFinder into the back of the cupboard.
Never mind, find the CD, install, and then install WaveLite. As promised, it is indeed a lot slimmer than the Psion software; Steve says a third as much CPU and memory, and that seems plausible enough. At the moment it doesn't do data stations and station lessage text, but it does do timed playback/recording with repeating events, unlike Psion's software.
It also, for reasons I can't altogether fathom, seems able to find more DAB channels than Psion's software does. Signal strength in my part of London seems to have gone seriously off since the WaveFinder went into the cupboard last, and now the Psion software can only apparently find four, whereas WaveLite gets what looks pretty much like a full set.
Right now, WaveLite is probably only of interest to people who've already got a WaveFinder. You can still get them in some stores, but there are clear signs that you'd be better off looking in the bargain bins. It would be nice to think Psion might make a consumer comeback with a version 2, but it looks highly unlikely.
If you've got one, or can pick one up cheaply, then you really ought to ditch the Psion software and go for WaveLite instead (for starters, it's still being developed and supported). It's available for free as a 30 day trial, after which it operates with reduced functionality. Registering for £25 gets you back up to full functionality. ®
Related Stories from happier days:
Psion mounts £299 digital radio land grab
Broadband for free: radio kills the digital stars
Sponsored: A modern data architecture with Apache HadoopDifference between revisions of "Tom Rust"
Revision as of 06:32, 16 August 2013.Chris Brown - With You Lyrics
16 views/hour
Il Volo - E' La Mia Vita Lyrics (Spanish language)
E' La Mia Vita Lyrics by Il Volo from Il Volo Album has 144:
- 1136
- 476
- 474
- 418
- 384
- 311
- 205
- 165
- 143E' La Mia Vita Lyrics
- 128
Top Songs
based on popularity!
Get another 5 popular lyrics
based on popularity!
BioWare has been teasing the gaming world for the past few months. At E3, BioWare casually mentioned that the Edmonton-based gaming studio was working on a new IP (i.e. not a sequel). Since BioWare has a rich history of success with Baldur’s Gate, Mass Effect, Knights of the Old Republic, and Dragon Age, the world was undeniably excited. Today, BioWare finally revealed its new IP to theResearch Tips for UFO Footage
Expand Messages
- Hi All,
Am a new member. Find Research Tips for UFO Footage beginning at-
Research_Station-1.html.
We're still monitoring, documenting and videotaping the UFO activity
at Midway, nine miles southeast of Roswell, New Mexico, since March
5, 1994. To-date, the UFO sightings continue.
Enjoy!
Becky
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.rsUser Submitted Recipe
Patricia McCormack
“ Spinach - Fruit Salad"
Ingredients
Dressing
1/4 cup orange juice
1/4 cup honey
2 tbsp. vegetable oil
1 tbsp. Dijon mustard
Salad
2 bags spinach washed and cut into bite sized pieces
1 pint cut in half strawberries or diced apples
2 11 oz cans drained mandarin orange
1/2 cup sliced green onions
1/4 cup pine nuts
Instructions
Mix dressing ingredients together. Set aside.
Mix salad ingredients and put in a large serving bowl.
I serve the dressing on the side to prevent the salad from going limp.
Servingsno serving information available
Nutritional Information
no nutrition information available
Per Serving
Version 3.5 now available for iOS, Android, and Kindle Fire!
Learn More
Things you've learned:
Have instructors look over you papers, because then you can see firsthand what is expected of you
When you don't understand something, ask the source, not your friends
Study is small doses, so you won't have to cram (especially before or after class)
Sleep well the night before a test. On the day of the tests, eat all your meals (especially breakfast) and stay hydrated
Even if you have been studying regularly, step it up a week or 3 days before the test, depending on how hard you have to work to do well in the particular subject
Find out what works for you, in terms of studying and stick to it
Be open to changing your study habits, because you may just find something that works better for you
Don't compare your high school standards, in terms of grades to college standards, which aren't always the same
When you like whatever you are studying, it makes things 20X easier
Stick to first impressions when it comes to deciding if you like the instructor, or if you should change instructors
Never do a once over of your answers, unless it's to see if you've skipped any questionsHave a Question? We Are Here to Help!
Home / Promotional Products and Promotional Items / Computer & Office / Computer Items / Mouse Pads / Rectangle Fabric Surface Mouse Pad (6"x8"x1/16")
Rectangle Fabric Surface Mouse Pad (6"x8"x1/16")
View More Images
Cart Status
Price Details:
Product Description
Pricing Information
- Price includes a one color imprint.
- Setup charge is $0
- 1 imprint colors maxWriters are particularly observing, analytical, and creative when it comes to their approach to perfecting their craft. But for some reason they seem to be at a loss when it comes to their understanding of why their writing career hasn’t soared. The truth is they need to embrace the kind of common sense advice that they likely would dole out to others. If only they can observe themselves from a distance and then sharpen their tools to repair their writing lives.
Here are 14 areas all writers should focus on – if they are serious about becoming successful authors and book marketers:
1. Learning more about book publicity and marketing. Whether you read blogs like this one or read books, attend conferences, download instructional videos, subscribe to industry magazines, listen to helpful podcasts or consult with other writers, build up a body of working knowledge in the very area that will help you grow the most.
2. Utilize strong time management skills to help you balance your commitments and desires. You’ll need time for writing and for promoting. Time for strategizing, researching and learning, and time for taking action. You’ll need time for work, chores, rest, family, friends, health, fun and everything else life demands from us. Budgeting your time, setting priorities, staying committed and focused, and acting out of a sense of urgency are a must.
3. Raising funds or borrowing resources will be the key to your writing freedom. It takes money to make money, so have a plan on how to pay for marketing campaigns. You may need funds to give you time off from work so you can have time to write and market your book. Who or what will be your bank?
4. Networking will always be helpful in life, but especially for your writing career. It is true that who you know is more important than what you know. Those who have access to the things and people that could help you are worth a lot. They help you take shortcuts and eliminate lost time and failed efforts. Get to know the kind of people who can help you, from other writers to publishers, editors, literary agents, members of the media, writer groups, and trade associations.
5. Be organized. It may seem like obvious advice – and it’s applicable to every career – but I can’t highlight its importance enough. You need to have your act together in order to be a really successful writer. You can have a messy desk, work under chaotic circumstances, and deal with many challengers, but you do need to be organized and self-disciplined.
6. Choose to write and promote -- not either or. One must invest a heart and soul to write well and often. The same is true for book marketing. Leave energy, time, and brain power every day to do both.
7. Find support. Writers are loners and we pride ourselves as being independent thinkers, even leaders. But we need help too – whether from a professional coach, mentor, friend, colleague, family, or therapist.
8. Set goals or set yourself up for failure. Create a plan to address all of the smaller steps to meeting specific goals. Set priorities and deadlines for yourself. Fitter all activity through the prism of fulfilling your goals. Anything else puts you off track and on the road to nowhere.
9. Participate in social media. Yes, don’t cringe. Set up your Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or YouTube – or all of them -- and post, share, connect, and click until you see your members go up, up, up. No matter how many books you sell from it, social media is important.
10. Always further your branding and marketing. It’s a 24-7 experience. You need to work at in order to get good at it – and to get a pay-off. If you need assistance, hire a marketer or branding expert.
11. Get better at procuring and doing news media. There’s so much media out there – local and national – even international. There’s radio, television, newspapers, magazines, newsletters, trade publications, blogs, podcasts, video sites, and so much more. Become an expert by declaring yourself one via media appearances, byline articles, book reviews, and guest posts. Again, hire a publicist to help fill in the gaps or to simply take over the process for you.
12. Speak and then speak some more. Every opportunity to speak can lead to book sales, book deals for a new book, more speaking opportunities, media exposure, a chance to influence others, and a great time to build your marketing portfolio.
13. Develop spin-off products, services, and books. Also, sell off or pursue other rights formats (such as audiobooks, e-books, paperback editions, foreign rights, film and TV, etc. Will you create a series? Can you repackage content into something else like a paid webinar or seminar?
14. Acquire technology devices/programs and the skills to use them to your advantage. This is a battle everyone in the 21st century must take up. We need to be aware of the myriad of devices out there that can help us be more efficient and successful. Plan on taking refresher courses, online tutorials, or experimenting in order to find the right technology that becomes an asset to you and not a burden.
This list could have been of 114 things – not just 14 – that writers should address in order to advance their careers. But these 14 shall serve as a great starting point, and if mastered, will really position writers to become profitable and successful artists.
In Praise of Books“The books we read help to shape who we are. Reading offers us, as children, our first independence- allowing us to travel far beyond the confines of our immediate world. Books introduce us to great figures in history, narratives that stir our spirit, fictions that tug us out of ourselves and into the lives of a thousand others, and visions of every era through which human beings have lived. And in the process of stretching who we are, books also connect us to all others- of our own or previous times- who have read what we've read. In the community of readers, we instantly become linked to those who share our love for specific characters or passages.” --
Thank you for this article it gave me insight of what to expect on my journey to becoming a published author. This information was very helpful to me Amber PhillipsGot myself up with he sun, I said Self let's have some fun.
Got the bowl the spoons the pan.
To the kitchen cupboard I ran (well I didn't really run, it was more like a leisurely stroll).
Got me some flour, salt and some Pam.
I pondered, should I have sausage, bacon or ham?
From the frig came the eggs, the milk and the sweet potater, I would need that for my pancake batter later.
After browning the sausage I just couldn't wait.
I arranged the Hot Cakes on the Plate.
Buttered and syruped them good.
At the kitchen counter to eat I stood.
Saturday Morning Breakfasts, its Globally understood, that no matter how you slice it or dice it, it's always HMMMMMMM HMMMMMMM GOOOOD,
Coffee anyone?
All I had was a bowl of Raisin Bran Extra:>( I'm comin' to your house next time! ROFLMKO
The difference between "involvement" and "commitment" is like an egg and ham breakfast. The chicken was involved, the pig was totally committed. Enjoy your breakfast!!
Dang, I had a bran muffin and two buttered sourdough slices of toast, which was good. After reading your post, I may have to change my mind about lunch. LOL
Saturdays and Sundays are my 2 favorite days for Breakfast.
I always splurge.
I save the muffins and cereal for the work week. When you get up at 5 in the morning for work you can hardly see much less cook. Its got to be quick and easy.
Can't Dance and Too Fat to Fly
Did I miss something? I must have slept right through the sun... darn it!
Breakfast is one of my favorite meals, too.
I especially like homemade pancakes with berries the color of blue.
Eggs Benedict, Huevoes Rancheros and Smoked Trout Hash on the days when I have the time;
I'd include something with an orange, but that word is not very conducive for a rhyme.
I even spent many years cooking breakfast for customers and members in my own restaurant and at clubs;
we'd serve so many that we would scramble the eggs in very large tubs.
But still, as much as I like some eggs and a steak cut from a Kansas City steer;
there are those mornings which require a slice of hearty toast and Clamato juice mixed with beer.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues. - Abraham Lincoln
Clamatojuice mixed with beer??? Never heard of it Americansouth. Sounds sickening. Is that a poor guy's concoction for a mock bloody Mary? lol Upon Heinz-sight don't you think adding your beer to a mix of clam and prune juice would have provided a more effective
awakening?
Speaking of hindsight [which you aren't but I am],beer and obnoxious mixes; and also it being memorial day reminds me of a drinking phase I experienced in the service. I still silently chuckle a bit conjuring up the mental reenactment.
I was eighteen and in boot camp. In the evening we could go to the camp recreation hall where both food and beer was available. We had this old regular army cadre sergeant assigned to headquarters and he was always boasting that he could outdrink any of us. Beer wasn't my favorite drink but I was acquainted with it from my steel mill days. We used to stop at a nearby beerjoint for a sociable 'cool one' after our shift
One evening I took him up on the challenge if he'd accept my condition that for each glass of beer we drank we would have to drink a glass of chocolate milk (my favorite drink).I don't know why I thought that one up, I just did and he accepted. We didn't get past four beers before he left suddenly without a word but looking very pale. He did stop his bragging after that but he was to have revenge.
Dad and mom had decided to visit me and drove down to the post. The three of us were standing outside my barracks planning what we would do that evening when the sergeant noticed us.I saw him heading rapidly towards us and wondered why? He reached out for my father's hand and began shaking it vigorously. Then these fateful words came out loud, clear and enthusiastic, "Hey, I just wanted to meet and shake the hand of the father of the only man in this army who can drink me under the table."
My dad and mom, both strict teetotalers who wouldn't even allow us to have a deck of Old Maid cards in the house stared speechless as the smiling sergeant walked away with a wave of his hand. They weren't the only ones speechless. My face was red and my tongue useless.
Thanks for that more than half century ago memory and... 'How 'bout those Penquins?'
I never was one for alcohol and still am not. But, like you, I was an officer in the army during the'50s which was a time when everyone was expected to drink. Many suffered liver problems from that social requirement.
But I had a plan. While everyone was ordering from the bar at functions, I would ask loudly for a rum and coke. After that one and everyone going back for refills, I quietly asked for plain coke. As long as you had a glass in your hand you were accepted.
Needless to say, I became the designated driver on many occasions.
Great stories, both Tev and heron.
What'dya think of my poetry skills?
Actually, the mixture of beer, clam juice and tomato juice is rather common. Take a look in most any wall-lined beverage cooler at the nearest convenient store near you.
And how 'bout those Pens? I'll be in the 'burgh in three weeks; one week shy of Stanley Cup seats, but I'll be sitting behind home plate for a Pirate game on the 14th when the Bucs will be playing the Tigers. hmmmm....Detroit... We'll see.
It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues. - Abraham LincolnFacePalm Monday: Reece’s Rainbow Russia Announcement
Sometimes, a FacePalm moment just can’t wait until Friday. This announcement by Reece’s Rainbow was made today. See here and pasted below. Remember that their grants are supposed go to those children who are legally available NOW. Isn’t that supposed to be their point… get ‘languishing’ kids with DS and other severe disabilities out ASAP?
“This weekend, we at Reece’s Rainbow have made a very painful decision to putting waiting Russian children on hold. The situation in Russia continues to drag out, and it is not looking good for Russia re-opening to foreign adoptions any time in the near future. We just can’t continue to accept grant donations and inquiries for these waiting children.
The children who have grant funds raised will have their donation links removed, but remain on the site with a note in their profile. We are NOT reallocating existing grant funds at this time. No children are being deleted, only removed from the Waiting Children categories. Existing grant funds are clearly marked on the profiles for children who have grants.
PLEASE CONTINUE TO PRAY FOR THESE CHILDREN AND ALL OF OUR FAMILIES WHO ARE STUCK.
Reece’s Rainbow will be here when and if these children need us again.
Andrea Roberts”
So, let’s get this straight…they will continue to share private information about Russian orphans even though they admit it is CLOSED AND they will “hold” the money for these children. They won’t reallocate the money to kids desperately needing adoption who are available? Is that what Jesus
would do?
What is even worse is that RR and its alcolytes are STILL begging for cash from strangers online AND donations are still being ACCEPTED for unadoptable Russian orphans.
You can see for yourself on Julia Nalles’ blog:
“It is a legal battle they are waging. One that requires attorneys and documents and extra trips and a whole lot of unknowns.
It is unprecedented what they are doing.
Nothing can compare.
It is HUGE and CUTTING-EDGE and SCARY and I have been watching the quiet, behind-the-scenes story unfolding behind closed doors with held breath and fervent prayers.”
The legal battle Julia references is one that five RR PAPs are bringing forward in the European Court of Human Rights. It is described as follows on PAP Whitney Stephens blog:
“We joined the European Court of Human Rights case, so we’re basically suing Russia on behalf of Dasha Meg. The claim is that she has a basic human right to a family. We met her, we love her, we bonded with her, and we promised her we’d be back to be her mama and papa. Now Russia isn’t allowing her the chance to be in a family. It’s yet to be seen how Russia will respond to the lawsuit. Please continue to pray that something will allow us to continue our adoption. Our sweet girl. I just can’t even think about what will happen if we’re not allowed to proceed. She deserves a family!!”
Whitney’s RR family support page is still accepting donations (& includes a presumably illegal photograph of an adorable Russian girl who is now their ex-referral):
Although I’ve no way to prove it, I suspect that RR will be using these funds to cover the costs associated with this lawsuit in the European Court.
If this is the case, I wonder how the IRS feels about it? RR is a registered 501(c)3 charity but its mandate is to raise awareness and assist families in adopting LEGALLY adoptable kids with special needs… not launch tilting-at-windows lawsuits.
Carlee,
I’m not sure if this is a Russian child or not, but the very title of the blog is worthy of a FacePalm in itself:
I note that fundraising seems to be very, very slow for this adoption. They announced their campaign on Christmas Day, and they’ve raised less that 4% of their goal so far. Well, they DID impress enough people with their altruism that three Sunday School classes at their church provided “abundant” Christmas gifts for their children.
But for the most part, people aren’t biting. Perhaps the market has dried up due to donor fatigue, or maybe the fact that this is a direct, non-tax-deductible gift to the PAPs PayPal account is making people think twice.
All kinds of illegal/unethical actions on the part of RR and their alcolytes:
RR APs merrily brag about their successful (albeit illegal) efforts to photograph Ukrainian orphans and provide the photos so that RR can “advocate” for them on their website. This AP took photos during one of her many visits with little Sara, the Ukrainian baby girl with DS who is now her daughter:
“I needed to help. I was curious to know which other little faces listed on Reece’s Rainbow were there? After that meeting I asked Yulia, our facilitator, to find out which boys he was talking about. I also asked if it would be possible to meet them and take new photos, because I knew that I could help by getting new pics…”
…. In the meantime as she was being fed, Mark and I quietly walked around the nursery. We peeked at the other little babies as they laid in the play pens/cribs. Each one looked at us with curiosity. Some smiled, some were sad. Then all of the sudden my eyes met another little boy who I had recognized. I even called him by name. I quickly summoned Mark over and told him to quickly grab the camera and start filming . “This is baby D. This is baby D from Reece’s Rainbow.” Lucky for this little guy, Mark was able to record a brief video of him and take a few pics. He was adorable and I have to say that his Reece’s Rainbow pic did not do him justice. He was much cuter and soooo sweet! I immediately looked at Mark and said, “Are you sure you don’t want twins?” I was ecstatic that I finally got to meet one of the boys. I was so excited to get back to the apartment so I could send RR these new pics. Again, I just knew that if I could get new pics, I could help these boys find families. Sometimes that’s all it takes is for someone to see updated ones and to know that someone has met this child. I said earlier that baby D was lucky that were able to take new pics and video because after RR did receive them, they knew immediately who to show them too. It was a family who otherwise would have never considered baby D but after they had seen these new pics and videos, they were interested. I told them to give this family my info. and email and I was happy to answer any questions they had for me. That same day I did get an email from them and I quickly responded. Their next response was that they were going to pray about this little boy to know if he was the one. The next morning I awoke to find an email stating that they are indeed going to commit to this little boy. So I am happy to report that baby D has a family coming for him and soon (hopefully this month or April) he will be home. What a lucky little boy or was it fate!? Whatever it may be he was 1 down, 3 more to go! ”
It appears the RR facilitator Yulia is in on this illegal little scheme. Perhaps she took lessons from the allegedly corrupt/bullying RR facilitator Serge??
Carlee,
From reading the blog post you linked to, it seems plain that many Ukrainian orphanage staff workers are perfectly aware of what’s going on when APs take photos of children who aren’t their own. Not only do they turn a blind eye to the illegal picturetaking, uttering not a single rebuke, but they remove children’s hats and hold them up so the APs can get a better shot!
It’s not hard to imagine that at least SOME Russian orphanage caregivers are equally accommodating of this illicit photography, rationalizing that it helps the children in their charge get a better life. And I suppose it does for some.
Unfortunately, it also leads to unprepared PAPs falling in love with a cute photograph and adopting a child whose needs they’re completely unable to meet– which results in abuse, disruption, and occasionally death.
‘Spose we should share a link to ‘The Stormy Side of the Rainbow’ with this AP? She has enough sense to recognize pursuing another adoption right now would be a bad idea; she might be open to considering the warning and passing it on to the PAPs of “D”. That way, if they decide to pursue this adoption, they’ll at least be forewarned against “photo fantasizing”, and may have more realistic expectations.
Sadly, I don’t think it would help – you really can’t save these people from themselves.
To me, the MOST disturbing aspect of this (obviously well-intentioned) do-it-yourself advocacy is that so many of the kids listed on RR are NOT legally available for adoption. This leads to RR PAPs getting their heart set on a particular unadoptable kid… and praying the bioparents relinquish their rights to their beloved biokid so that the PAP can get their greedy little hands on THAT specific child.
It is illegal and immoral to want to take a WANTED kid away from their family – but it doesn’t stop RR PAPs. Once again, my bible seems to be missing the page where Jesus directs us to coerce parents into giving up their children. I fail to see how the bible verse directing folks to care for *orphans* applies to a child with a family, i.e. NOT an orphan.
“There is apparently going to be a trial to decide if the [biological] aunt [of the Ukrainian boys they want to adopt] gets custody. [RR PAPs Pattersons]?!?! ”
Fortunately, the Pattersons saw the light and ended up adopting 2 different kids, i.e. ones were legally adoptable.
This RR PAP also ended up adopting a different kid, but blogged about how totally unfair and cruel it is that they were not permitted to adopt the Ukrainian kid they had their heart set on because “Nathanael’s case[RR PAPs] were told that it was his mother who refuses to allow him to be adopted”
This RR PAP/AP did the same thing, but ended up adopting the little boy whose family hadn’t yet relinquished their rights:
“[PAPs] leave here in the evening of the October 22nd. We will get to see our wonderful little man on the 25th and the court is on the 26th. Although I am extremely excited, I am also terrified. The family still has not signed the consent forms waiving their rights therefore giving us no worries. So, the plan is to go ahead with things as normal, pray the judge grants us custody of him, and spend the longest 10 days after that waiting and worrying the family is going to pick him up”
The two boys the Pattersons wanted to adopt weren’t on Reece’s Rainbow. They were hosted and they wanted to adopt them. They went back to their biological family. They did adopt 2 boys from Eastern Europe through Reece’s Rainbow around the same time.
Let’s Fill the Van is NOT adopting from Russia. For as much as your pride yourselves on being “right”, get your facts straight.
Name,
And I clearly stated that I didn’t know what country they were adopting from. I shared the link to show that internet fundraising wasn’t a reliable source of income.
Reece’s Rainbow is now reallocating all the money from the grants of children in Russia to children in other countries.
Are illegally-preselected Ukrainian orphans, allegedly corrupt Reece’s Rainbow facilitator Serge & one too many disruptions about to catch up with RR?
The Adoption Spotlight seems to think so!
Wow! Losing Ukraine is REALLY going to put a crimp in child collectors’ operations. Not to mention RR’s– isn’t Ukraine their last “source” for Caucasion children?
I would love to see countries stop working RR, rather than shutting down all adoptions. Mainly, because that will make it very clear that RR is a problem.
Curious. What about the success stories? What about the families who have adopted and the children are thriving? I am all for adoption reform but throw the baby out with the bathwater?
Namely,
You DO realize that it’s possible to have international adoption of Special Needs children WITHOUT Reece’s Rainbow, don’t you?
Yes, absolutely! We are one such family. I was not referring to Reece’s Rainbow itself, rather, International, special needs adoption. Do you recognize that there are successful adoptions?
Name, nothing here says “shut down adoptions, because they’re never successful.” Everything here says “The system needs to be reformed so all adoptions can be successful.” Remember, several of the people here are adoptive parents.
Name,
Er… I never questioned that there were successful international special needs adoptions. I follow some of their blogs.
What I oppose is the corruption, exploitation, and the flouting of child-centered placement guidelines.
Noted. I was merely asking.
*shrugs*
I’m pretty sure the SDA in Ukraine had a RR poster in their waiting room, but that was quite a long time ago… And I don’t think the point of this site is to talk about success stories. They get a lot of attention by agencies and on their own blogs.
More words, words, words from Reece’s Rainbow’s very own Colleen Novit — on why her Uber-high-risk adoption of 2 SN kids out of birth order with other people’s money was a good idea:
It isn’t and it’s not. She and her hubby are spectacularly irrespobsible — to the point of posting nearly-nude photos of her 11 yo adopted kid on her public blog, going on and on about the intimate medical/personal details of her new kids lives because she doesn’t give a damn about their privacy/dignity.
And my personal fave: colleen allegedly STOLE from her rr mommy friends — she held a t-shirt fundraiser, took the $$ but NEVER SENT THE SHIRTS!
Update: She did post it, and asked– reasonably enough– for URLs to valid, objective sites proving that out-of-birth-order multi-child adoptions were associated with disruptions. I replied thusly:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I’m in the process of re-organizing my links, so I decided to Google. What I discovered was that the phenomenon of going to other countries and scooping up two-or-more-unrelated kids at one out-of-birth-order is new enough (and feel-good enough) that it hasn’t been seriously scientifically studied. Also, unlike adoptions from foster care, most disruptions from international adoption take place on the down low, without ever coming to official attention.
However, the inferential case against such placements is strong. Older child adoptions are more likely to be successful if the child is the youngest in the family, so why not require this for all such adoptions?
I agree that development disabilities change the dynamics somewhat, but that “lack of sound research evidence” thing cuts both ways– you don’t know that it makes ENOUGH difference to change risk factors. And all else being equal, having TWO high needs kids to try to integrate into the family doubles the stress on you and your husband, while halving the individual adult attention that both emotionally-fragile children receive.
Now that you have them both, I hope that both placements work out for the sake of all concerned. However trying to entice other parents to follow in your footsteps by singing a siren song of how “blessed” it is to ignore rationality and traditional best practices in adoptions, I have to question your ethics. After all, it’s still early days to know if your experiment is going to succeed or not.
BTW, if you think I’M a troll, you know nothing of internet trolls. “Troll” doesn’t mean “someone who disagrees with what I’m posting and says so”.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
If anyone has any such links, I’d appreciate them passing them on to me.
Carlee,
I posted this on her site:
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
*headdesk*
I don’t think it’s being a troll to warn you that out-of-birth-order, two-at-once-unrelated adoptions have a high risk of disruption, which is highly traumatic to the children you’re trying to “rescue”.
If it is, then it’s also “being a troll” to warn you that texting and driving is a bad idea.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We’ll see if she posts it.
She allowed it, apparently for the sole purpose of telling everyone how wrong you are.
Yet another Reeces Rainbow kid is DEAD — RIP little Timmy Kroll.
He was adopted from Ukraine in Fall 2013, died in January 2015, his godly RR parents are, of course, BEGGING FOR MORE MONEY. Funeral expenses, allegedly.
How many more deaths til someone, somewhere does something?!?Thread: Automation software for hosting
Automation software for hosting
What qualities should I look for in hosting automation software?
I would like to know your experience, for example what you thought you'll need before buying it and what you really needed after. Please don't post publicity of billing software you are using, just describe functionality you like in then/don't like in them.
Thank you in advance.Will you eat your pets? Discuss it on my vegan forum
-Matt Fisher has been named the new girls basketball coach at Hartley High School.
Fisher led Dublin Scioto to a 45-23 record from 2011-13 and has 17 years of coaching experience at the prep and college levels, according to Hartley athletics director Pat Murphy.
He takes over for Mike Lanza, who coached the program the last seven seasons before stepping down in March to give more attention to the Grove City football coaching position he took Jan. 13.
“Everyone we talked to about coach Fisher mentioned the same things: passion for working with young people, tireless work ethic (and) his ability to get his players to enjoy working hard,” Murphy said. “We are excited to have coach Fisher and his family as members of the Bishop Hartley family.”
During the 2012-13 season, the Hawks won their first district championship since 2001.
They were 12-10 this season.List all words ending with ineffectual
Only the word ineffectual was found, nothing longer.
Some random words: ithyphallic oersted eel trial udder scincoid ceanothus
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2015 Morewords.com - 64.513mSReview of the Office of International Affairs' Role
in the International Extradition of Fugitives
Report Number I-2002-008
March 2002
CRIMINAL DIVISION MANAGEMENT'S RESPONSE
MEMORANDUM
This memorandum responds to your request for comments on draft Report A-2000-21, concerning the Office of the Inspector General's Review of the Office of International Affairs' Role in the International Extradition of Fugitives. In addition to the general comments set out in this memorandum, I have attached detailed comments and proposed revisions to the draft report prepared by the Office of International Affairs.
At the outset, it should be emphasized that we have no significant disagreement with the recommendations of the Office of Inspector General set forth on page 34 of the report. To the contrary, the Office of International Affairs has already undertaken a number of changes in its management procedures, some resulting from an internal review of the overall responsibilities and operations of the office, and others based upon some very practical recommendations made by the Office of the Inspector General in this report.
However, we disagree with a number of the report's findings. Our concerns regarding this report are rooted in three basic areas. First, and most importantly, the report fails to address the context in which OIA's responsibilities relating to extradition matters must be reconciled with other critical duties and responsibilities of the office. The demands of extradition cases are a priority for the Office of International Affairs, but they are not the only priority. To accurately assess OIA's role in the extradition process, the report must at least consider the overall responsibilities of the office, including the mounting demands of mutual legal assistance requests, the negotiation and implementation of bilateral and multilateral treaties and agreements and other areas (all of which occupy the majority of resources and time of the office). While these areas of responsibility are not the focus of this report, failure to consider their impact on the office as a whole can lead to a flawed analysis of how the extradition process is being addressed. Over the last ten years, the strain on OIA's resources has steadily increased, and until the end of this year, has gone unaddressed. While resource considerations do not excuse many of the case management deficiencies cited in the report, they cannot be ignored as a factor exacerbating the office's mounting backlog of pending cases. Proposed text that would provide some context for the main body of the report is attached.
Second, a significant component of the report contains conclusions of the inspection team that action taken by OIA staff in six extradition cases was deficient. While we do not argue that action in some of the cases reviewed may have been deficient - the most common deficiency being the failure to close moribund cases - some very negative conclusions reached in at least three of the examples set out in the report seem to reflect some fundamental misconceptions about the nature of the international extradition process on the part of the inspection team.
Third, we believe some of the figures in the report are incorrect and need to be reconciled before the report is finalized. In addition, we suggest a few technical changes.
Finally, we request that you redact the names of foreign countries cited in the specific case examples in the report. Correspondence with foreign countries on extradition cases is generally treated confidentially, and in instances where the foreign country appears to have been unresponsive, we would not want to embarrass that country, particularly since the identity of the country is not important to the issues raised in the report. Moreover, some of these may be open cases and it would be prudent to delete the reference to the specific country involved so that details of the specific cases are not inadvertently disclosed.
I am available to meet at any time with representatives of the Office of the Inspector General in order to further discuss the matters described in the annex to this letter.
Attachments
While the Office of International Affairs disagrees with a number of the draft reports findings (see Tab B), OIA concurs in the general recommendations set out on page 34 of the draft report. OIA is currently in the process of reviewing its policies and procedures with regard to extradition requests and will focus on some of the very practical recommendations made by the Office of the Inspector General in this report.
As a first step in this review process, a complete file review has begun of the thousands of pending cases and matters in OIA. This is an enormous undertaking, and will take a considerable amount of time, particularly in light of the current strain on OIA resources. As noted in our comments on the report's proposed findings, requesting and responding to requests for the international extradition of fugitives constitute only a part of the overall responsibilities and duties of the OIA. The office-wide file review will include not only extradition requests but also incoming and outgoing mutual legal assistance requests, which now represent the majority of OIA's files.
In the file review process, OIA supervisors will work with the line attorneys in reviewing each case and determining status and needed action. In addition to addressing the need for review and action with respect to individual cases, the file review process will inform our effort to develop and update policies and procedures with respect to extraditions and extradition case management.
Recommendation 1:
OIA concurs. Office-wide review of all cases and matters has begun and includes the four points cited in the recommendation. Supervisors will review each case file with the responsible line attorney (this includes all files, not just extradition files). OIA has developed a new protocol to guide attorneys in case closing procedures. This protocol will be implemented within the next few weeks.
Recommendation 2:
OIA concurs. Inasmuch as OIA has in the past been denied direct access to law enforcement data bases, OIA is developing a protocol with INTERPOL whereby INTERPOL will assist OIA in checking law enforcement indices as part of regular review and closing of extradition cases. OIA will explore with FBI, USMS, and INS the possibility of entering information regarding extradition requests which have not yet resulted in issuance of an arrest warrant in law enforcement databases, although in the past this concept has been rejected because of practical problems.
Recommendation 3:
OIA concurs. In the course of the office-wide file review, OIA will review and develop standards and procedures to address maintenance of case files.
Recommendation 4:
OIA concurs. New computer hardware is being installed office- wide beginning in February. This new equipment should facilitate attorney's use of the automated case tracking system. Previous equipment did not have the speed or capacity to allow access by all line attorneys without constant system failures. As soon as all computers are installed, MIS will begin training of all OIA personnel in the use of the automated case tracking. As the office-wide file review is completed, OIA will reconcile the results with the automated case tracking system. A contract employee has been retained to assist the docketing unit in dealing with the increase of cases to be closed.
Recommendation 5:
OIA concurs. OIA has been working with the Office of Administration of the Criminal Division to revise overall performance measures. OIA has asked the Office of Policy and Legislation to assist it in assessing the extent to which the automated case tracking system can produce information relevant to performance measures regarding case management.
PART I: The Report's findings incorrectly exclude increased workload as a potential factor in the ever-growing backlog of pending extradition cases.
Pages 5 through 10 of the report are devoted to an analysis of OIA's workload and resources during the period 1990 to 2001. In several passages, the draft report -- referring to the fact that staff levels and the number of new extradition cases remained essentially the same during the period - either explicitly or implicitly asserts that therefore increased workload could not have been a factor contributing to OIA's mounting backlog of pending extradition cases. 1 Such a conclusion, with which OIA has repeatedly taken issue with IG staff, ignores the very significant increase in OIA's caseload of mutual assistance requests between 1990 and 2001, as well as the negotiation of more than 60 extradition and mutual assistance treaties during the same period.
The figures for mutual assistance requests are striking and were previously provided to the OIG; they are attached once again. They show that from 1990 to 2000, the yearly number of incoming mutual assistance requests increased nearly fourfold, from 439 to 1655. During the same period, the number of outgoing requests more than doubled from 286 to 608. In part, this increase in cases is due to the expansion in the number of MLATs (as noted in the report) from 4 to 38. The figures also reflect the same sort of pending case backlog seen with respect to extradition cases.
While we do not suggest that increased caseload excuses all case management problems cited in the report, it is unfair and misleading not to acknowledge that there was a very significant caseload increase during the period, in which the numbers of pending cases steadily increased, with no corresponding increase in resources. The mutual assistance workload of the office now approaches, if not surpasses, our extradition workload, and cannot simply be ignored. Similarly, the substantial demands of treaty negotiations - including multilateral negotiations -also cannot be ignored.
The specific textual changes to address these problems would include:
Our assessment did not address OIA's caseload of mutual assistance requests (requests for evidence), or its impact on the extradition case management deficiencies cited in the report. However, it is noted that while OIA's extradition caseload has remained relatively stable over the past decade, its mutual assistance caseload has more than tripled, and during this period there has not been any significant increase in staff. Also, during the 1990's OIA, working with the State Deparment, negotiated more than sixty new treaties in the areas of extradition and mutual legal assistance. While we did not undertake an analysis of the impact of OIA's increased workload of treaty negotiations and mutual legal assistance cases on the steadily increasing numbers of pending extradition requests, it cannot be excluded as factor which exacerbated the pending case problem.
Although extraditions are OIA's highest priority a high priority, OIA also handles a large number of requests for evidence, both under mutual legal assistance treaties (MLATs)[insert fn 4] and through letters rogator7 or request, and provides information and advice on international criminal matters to the Attorney General and other senior Department officials. It also negotiates agreements on international criminal matters with the U.S. Department of State and other government agencies. OIA's principal concentration is bilateral extradition treaties and mutual legal assistance treaties (MLAT) MLATs, but it also negotiates executive and general multilateral law enforcement agreements in a host of fora including the U.N., the OAS and the Council of Europe. In addition ... [text moved to beginning].... officials.
"Although the number of new extradition cases per year generally remained in the range of 700 to 900 through the period studied, the number of new mutual assistance cases (requests for evidence) grew significantly. New incoming mutual assistance cases grew from 439 in 1990 to 1655 in 2000; new outgoing mutual assistance requests grew from 286 in 1990 to 608 in 2000. Unfortunately, as illustrated in the Table below [Please insert attached table of mutual assistance case statistics], the problem of ever increasing numbers of pending cases also applies to OIA's mutual assistance caseload."
PART II. Overly negative findings in some case studies
As an initial matter, we request that the names of the foreign countries involved in the case examples be redacted. Our communications with foreign governments regarding extradition cases are generally confidential. Moreover, the underlying criminal cases in some of the examples may still well be open and the report should not disclose details of pending cases. Redacting the country names will make it unlikely that the specific cases can be identified.
OIG selected six of the sixty cases reviewed to demonstrate OIA's case management deficiencies. With respect to the six case examples, some "deficiencies" - including failure to close the case in a timely fashion - are legitimate. However, in three cases the report draws overly negative conclusions which are based on a misunderstanding of the extradition process or on assumptions not supported by the record of the case.
This case study involves a defendant wanted for sexual abuse of minors. The report reflects that between 1991 and 1997, OIA three times returned the case to the requesting country [Country Name Redacted] because of deficiencies. Despite these efforts (and our review indicates yet a fourth inquiry from OIA), the foreign country could not cure the problems with its case. What is disturbing about report's characterization of this case is that it leaves the impression that the "deficiencies" were minor or necessarily curable through further effort by OIA. What is omitted, despite this having been brought repeatedly to the attention of OIG, is the fact that the central flaw (diplomatically referred to as a "deficiency") was and remained inadequate evidence to support the standard of probable cause required for an extradition. Lack of evidence is not a problem that can be resolved, as the report suggests, by OIA "more actively communicating," and it is not an unusual problem with foreign extradition requests. Also, the fact that foreign country undertook twice to revise its documents, even if unsuccessfully so, clearly indicated that it remained interested in the case. In sum, over a period of years, OIA and the foreign country tried to cure the problems with the case; they did not succeed. Contrary to the conclusions in the report, more "active" communication by OIA - even if merited as a general aspect of case management - would not have cured the problems in the case, nor was it necessary to ascertain the foreign country's interest.
In this instance, the OIG inspection team seems to assume that the role of OIA is primarily one of "processing" an incoming request for extradition, and forwarding the request to the appropriate judicial district for court action. A great deal of time and a high degree of discretion must be exercised by OIA at this stage of the process to ensure that a threshold showing of probable cause can be demonstrated to the U.S. court. These are often complicated cases about which there is not uniformity of opinion. However, if OIA determines that this threshold is not met with the information provided by the requesting country, the case can not and should not be forwarded to a U.S. court.
Accordingly, we request that OIG revise the report to remove any suggestions that lack of "active communication" by OIA was the cause of delay.
In the case sample discussed here, a provisional arrest warrant had been issued for a fugitive but not placed on applicable U.S. lookout systems. Five months later the fugitive was arrested on state charges, convicted and three years later deported, events about which OIA was apparently unaware. The report cites several problems with this case.
First, the provisional arrest warrant was not entered into NCIC. Had it been entered, it is likely OIA would have learned through the Marshals Service of the fugitive's arrest and could have notified the requesting country [Country Name Redacted] and preserved its opportunity to extradite the fugitive, even if after his state sentence had been served. However this problem should not be attributed to OIA. OIA does not have authority to enter warrants into NCIC; it is the responsibility of the law enforcement agencies.
Second, the report criticizes OIA for not "following up" with the USAO to determine whether the fugitive had been arrested on the provisional arrest warrant. OIA need not "follow up" in this manner. If the fugitive is arrested, the USAO of necessity informs OIA, in order to obtain the formal documents supporting extradition from the requesting country, which if not produced in the time required under the treaty will result in the release of the fugitive. The U.S. Attorney's Office in this case is the Southern District of New York, which has successfully handled many extradition requests and upon which OIA has every reason to rely in fulfilling routine requirements regarding notice of the arrest of a fugitive.
Third, the report criticizes OIA for not following up with the requesting country [Country Name Redacted] to determine whether it had further leads on the location of the fugitive. The law enforcement authorities of that country are well versed in international practice and will communicate new fugitive location leads through law enforcement channels without prompting from OIA. There is no indication any new leads were developed in the five months between the issuance of the provisional arrest warrant in New York and the defendant's arrest in Florida on State charges. Thereafter, it would have been difficult for the country to develop further leads since the defendant was in fact incarcerated in the U.S. (which was, of course, a critical fact which may never have been communicated to that country).
This case study points out how two very practical steps - routine review of cases and an ability for OIA to easily check law enforcement indices - would have, at a minimum, enabled OIA to ascertain that the fugitive had been arrested on State charges and to then notify the requesting country and preserve its opportunity to seek the fugitive's extradition. However, we find highly objectionable the report's tacit suggestion that OIA's handling of the case made it possible for defendant to go "on to commit a violent crime in this country." There is absolutely no indication there was information available to U.S. or foreign law enforcement which would have permitted the fugitive's arrest for extradition purposes prior to his commission of another crime in United States. Conjecture on the part of OIG staff should not serve as the basis for such a damning characterization of OIA.
For these reasons, if the case study is to be retained at all, it would be more appropriately placed alongside the discussion on pp. 25-26 (pertaining to factors in the extradition process that limit OIA's ability to carry out its functions), and not in a section addressing deficiencies in OIA procedures. Moreover, the key portion of the findings - recognizing an error committed by another agency - should be in the text, not footnotes. Initially, we would request revision to the text of the draft report in last paragraph on p. 21 along the following lines:
"The following incoming extradition case demonstrates the need to fully utilize law enforcement information systems to improve the ability to locate fugitives sought by foreign countries and the need for OIA to to be able to incorporate checks of those systems in regular reviews of its pending cases. In this case, the USAO had an arrest warrant issued but the fugitive was not located and the warrant was not entered into NCIC. We found through an NCIC check that the fugitive thereafter commited a violent crime while in the United States, was arrested, sentenced and released from prison deported.
In addition, we request the following revisions to the first and second paragraphs on p. 23 and to footnote 16:
"Given current arrangements, OIA cannot 2 match information pertaining to United States and foreign extradition requests with other law enforcement information systems, as it does not have access to relevant law enforcement systems, such as NCIC. [fn 16] Unless a Red Notice or extradition warrant [fn 17] is issued, U.S. law enforcement authorities that come in contact with the fugitive separate from extradition would not be aware of the extradition. Although we were told that OIA might query the INS regarding a fugitive's immigration status .... practice.
"At the time of our review, there had been no activity on this case since 1993 and the case remains open at OIA. The USMS should have entered the provisional arrest warrant onto NCIC once it was determined that the fugitive was not at the location originally provided by the foreign country. Had this been done, the arrest of the fugitive in Florida likely would have come to the attention of the USMS and, in turn, OIA. OIA could then have followed up with the foreign country? to effect the fugitive's extradition, even if his surrender had to be delayed pending the service of his sentence on state charges.. OIA did not follow up with the [Country Name Redacted] to determine whether it had another location for this fugitive who went on to commit a violent crime in this country.
Revision to footnote 16: One OIA attorney, formerly with INS, is permitted direct access to some INS databases; otherwise, however, OIA does not have direct access to any law enforcement systems such as NCIC.
Prosecutors may differ in their judgment about whether probable cause is met in a particular case; indeed, courts often have. Moreover, given the United States' obligations under extradition treaties it is not unreasonable for the OIA to send forward a case which is arguably sufficient under the treaty, with the possibility that the AUSA may disagree. This is exactly what happened in the case example set forth on page 24, and it should not be cited as an OIA "deficiency." Instances could be cited where an AUSA believed probable cause did not exist, but where the case was handled by OIA and the court found probable cause. In addition, it must be noted where a person has been provisionally arrested, the remedy for non-presentation of documents is the release of the fugitive, so it is not improper to send forward documents which may present weaknesses, provided OIA and the AUSA believe they are at least sufficient grounds to make a credible argument for extradition in court.
The conclusion that an adverse decision by a foreign court must be the result of poor legal advice from OIA is particularly disturbing. Success in a foreign court is never assured. Aside from the constant difficulties of extradition courts having to understand and interpret very different laws and legal systems, OIA does not and should not shy away from pursuing difficult cases which may present to foreign courts novel issues or new types of offenses. Moreover, many adverse decisions by foreign courts are in our view simply wrong. It is unfounded and unfair to suggest that anything less than a 100% success rate in foreign courts is due to failure by OIA in its legal analysis and advocacy.
In sum we ask that the above described analysis and case example either be deleted of substantially revised. They do not support the harsh criticism levied against OIA in this section.
PART III: Findings regarding OIA's inability to produce files for OIG review
Accordingly, we request that the final three sentences of the fourth paragraph on page i, and continuing onto page ii be revised as follows:
" ... We selected a sample of 70 extradition case files from the total pending cases and cases closed during fiscal year 2000. Of the 70 cases, OIA's records indicated 39 were closed and 31 were open. Of the 70 cases, OIA did not produce 12 cases."
"We selected a sample of 70 extradition case files from the total pending cases as of November 2000 and cases closed during fiscal year 2000, Of the 70 cases, OIA records indicated that 39 were closed and 31 were open. Of the 70 cases, OIA did not produce 12 cases, 9 closed and 3 open,. [Note: With this addition, footnote 13 can be deleted.] Of the 58 60 cases reviewed, 30 32 were closed cases and 28 were open cases. Of the 30 32 closed cases reviewed .... "
PART IV: Revision in Table 2 and accompanying discussion, regarding new treaties
Table 2, on page 6, summarizes by year the new extradition and mutual assistance treaties which entered into force between 1990 and the beginning of 2001. The only problem with the table is that it indicates that there were 58 extradition treaties in force in 1990. We assume this figure was arrived at by taking the total number of current treaties (91, and applicable to 110 countries) and subtracting the number of new treaties negotiated in the past decade (33), to come up with a 1990 total of 58. While this approach works for MLATs, it does not work for extradition treaties.
By our calculations, the extradition treaty situation evolved over the past decade as follows: In 1990 we had extradition treaty relationships with 105 countries, and as of February 2001, we had extradition relationships with 109 countries. (The report reflects an earlier OIA-provided figure of 110, but for the purposes of the report the difference is not significant.) In the years 1990 through February 2001, we count 32 new extradition treaty instruments entering into force. (Again, the report cites an earlier OIA-provided figure of 33, but we don't find this significant.) However, of those 32/33 new instruments, only 4 represent entirely new treaty relationships, i.e., with Jordan, the Philippines, South Korea and Zimbabwe. The remaining instruments are either new treaties which replace old treaty instruments, or are amendments to existing treaties (called "protocols" or "supplemental" treaties). In light of this background, then, it is inaccurate to state, as does the text following the Table, that "the number of extradition treaties increased by 33."
To better portray this rather complicated information regarding extradition treaties, we would suggest simply deleting the first line of the table ("Prior to 1990") and the final line ("Grand Total") thus avoiding the problem of "total" numbers of extradition treaties. This problem might then be resolved by revising the introductory paragraph on page 5 to read as follows (for this purpose, we assume OIG wishes to keep the totals previously provided):
"The numbers of new extradition treaties and MLATs have grown significantly over the last ten years (see Table 2 on page 6). Since 1990, 32 new extradition treaty instruments have entered into force. The majority are new treaties which updated or entirely replaced outmoded extradition treaties, but four represent the establishment of extradition relations with new countries. The United States currently has 91 extradition treaties with 110 countries. Before 1990, there were four MLATs .... "
PART V: Suggested technical corrections
p. i, 2nd paragraph, last line: in diplomatic practice, "communique" means a particular type of statement (generally meant for the public or press), and not communications generally; thus we suggest the reference be to "diplomatic communications."
p. i, 3rd paragraph, 8th line: suggest "believed to be in the United States" be revised to read "believed at one time to be in the United States." As the report notes, cases are opened when there is a location lead for a fugitive, but may remain open long thereafter, even though there is no subsequent information that the fugitive was in the U.S.
p. ii, 1st paragraph, line 4: suggest "We found that OIA was most effective during the initial review first phase of an extradition .... " The actions described constitute more than an initial review. Extradition cases are based in most cases entirely on the documents submitted. Thus, advice regarding and review of the documents is often the most critical phase of the case.
p.2, 2nd paragraph, 7'h line: suggest reference to Red Notice read: "issuing a Red Notice to facilitate apprehension of a fugitive." Red Notices do not necessarily serve as a basis for apprehension (it will depend on the country). However, it is certainly fair to say that as international "wanted posters," Red Notices generally "facilitate" apprehension.
p. 3, 1st paragraph: please amend the reference to Team I's area of responsibility to read: "Ireland, Africa, the U.K. and its dependencies, and the English-speaking Caribbean." Many Caribbean nations have long been independent of the U.K. and may find it insulting to be referred to merely as "former possessions." Moreover, it is primarily the fact that they are English-speaking that places them in Team I's area.
p. 4, paragraph 2: the description of the fugitive unit is not correct. In the vast majority of cases, when a fugitive is located abroad, the regional team is notified directly by foreign or U.S. law enforcement agencies or through diplomatic or Interpol channels, and the fugitive unit (comprised of a single attorney and now disbanded) is not involved. The second sentence should therefore be deleted.
p. 5, footnote 7: the reference to an OIA attorney "stationed" in Switzerland is not entirely accurate. A former OIA attorney, now living in Switzerland, is retained on an "as needed" basis pursuant to a contractual arrangement with the Division. Also, the attorneys in France and the U.K. are part of an "exchange" or "liaison magistrate" program initiated by Attorney General Reno, as opposed to the full-fledged overseas positions filled by OIA attorneys at our Embassies in Rome, Mexico City, and Brussels. We ask that clarification along these lines be included in the footnote.
p. 23, footnote 16: in fact, OIA has access to no law enforcement databases, other than one attorney who is permitted access to the INS database because she is a former INS employee; we suggest a more accurate description would be: "One OIA attorney, formerly with the INS, has access to INS databases; otherwise, OIA does not have direct access to any law enforcement databases."
p. 26, paragraph 1, line 2: it is more accurate to say: "fugitives believed at one time to be in the United States." While footnote 19 is helpful, without reference to the footnote, the statement is misleading. As the report notes, many cases appear to remain open even when an initial lead on a location in the United States has long grown stale.Vote for YOUR most memorable play in Bucs' history:— Pat Yasinskas (@PatYazESPN) July 8, 2014
Tampa Bay Times’ Greg Auman –Tampa Bay Times’ Greg Auman –
Looks like Brooks' INT is winning easily. Vote for Ronde's INT if you disagree:— Pat Yasinskas (@PatYazESPN) July 8, 2014
Bleacher Report's Luke Easterling –Bleacher Report's Luke Easterling –
Former coach Butch Davis, who spent last 2 years as Bucs assistant, will work for ESPN as studio analyst this fall.— Greg Auman (@gregauman) July 8, 2014
Bucs Nation –Bucs Nation –
Butch Davis: #Bucs drafted— Luke Easterling (@LukeEasterling) July 8, 2014
Mark Barron"simply because of Jimmy Graham."
Breaking Down the Leslie Frazier Defense: A Safer Approach to the Cover 2— Sander Philipse (@Bucs_Nation) July 9, 2014
Joe Bucs Fan –Joe Bucs Fan –
— Sander Philipse (@Bucs_Nation) July 8, 2014— Sander Philipse (@Bucs_Nation) July 8, 2014
Mike Evansfor Offensive Rookie of the Year
Bucs Picked Mark Barron To Stop Jimmy Graham— JoeBucsFan (@JoeBucsFan) July 9, 2014We. Usually!) mention the blog so I can persuade her to be a sponsor!!
Enjoy this post? See more like it at my blog "Rub Some Dirt On It" at
Views: 2
Comment
You need to be a member of Mom Bloggers Club to add comments!
Join Mom Bloggers ClubGilberto relishing challenge
By Alex Livie
Last Updated: 01/01/70 1:00am
Brazilian star Gilberto is looking forward to Arsenal's final few games of the season.
Brazilian star Gilberto is looking forward to Arsenal's final few games of the season.
The Gunners are battling on two fronts, as they seek to overhaul Tottenham in the race for fourth in The Premiership and are also vying for UEFA Champions League glory.
Arsenal have a fine chance of reaching the European final, having beaten Villarreal 1-0 in the first leg of their semi-final, and they face North London rivals Tottenham on Saturday in a mouth-watering Premiership showdown.
Gilberto feels such games are good for the players, as it ensures Arsene Wenger will need to do little by way of motivating his squad.
"We have a good opportunity to win the Champions League this year," Gilberto told Sky Sports News.
"We are also playing for the fourth place in the Premier League, to guarantee our future in the Champions League next year.
"I think everyone is looking forward to these opportunities, as sometimes it is hard to keep everyone focused all at the same time."You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
Apr 26
Come party outside with us at Station 1! It'll be a perfect warm night for some Rock n' Roll!
Apr 26
Aug 24
Their debut release was issued in 2011 and MODERN SUPERSTAR toured the U.S. playing 300+ shows to date and have shared the stage with many rock and roll icons such as Queensryche, Whitesnake, Tesla, KIX, Bret Michaels, Kip Winger, L.A. Guns and so many more. Now they are coming to Versailles, OH! Opening is special guest Epistone! Date: August 24, 2013 Show Time: 8:00 PM Tickets:$5.00 (will be mailed prior to show) All tickets are for a General Admission to the concert (see below) About Modern Superstar: Cape Coral, FL rock band MODERN SUPERSTAR was formed in 2010 and is comprised of various musicians that were kicking around the same music and touring circuit. It was only by chance that these 5 musicians having crossed paths several times over the years would connect up and form their own project together.. ALL TICKET SALES ARE FINAL. Please note that there can be no ticket refunds or exchanges. LOST, STOLEN OR TICKET PROBLEMS If your tickets have been lost or stolen or your tickets were never received in the mail, please contact us for assistance.
Aug 22
Jul 13
Sounds Like: Nirvana, Seether
Bio: Epistone began life as a garage band in Springfield, Ohio in 2006. After several personnel changes band leader, Mark Bryant felt he finally found the perfect combination with himself on lead guitar and vocals, Edward Crislip on bass and Tony "King Fuzzo" Garcia on drums. Shortly after beginning t...See Full Bio
Epistone has a show on 06/28/2014 at 12:00 PM @ Jackass Flats in Dayton, OH #concert
Cool tracks guys!Not all is well in the land of Bethenny Ever After.
On Tuesday morning, Bethenny Frankel Tweeted that her beloved pooch Cookie was not feeling well, after a fan noted that the dog seemed upset in the previous night's installment of the Bravo reality show.
"Odd you say that. Cookie has been vomiting and has blood u know where. At doggie hospital now," she wrote, marking the Tweet with the hashtag #devastated.
Shortly afterward, Frankel followed up with another Twitter message, writing that Cookie's condition requires additional care.
"Leaving my doggie at a hospital rips my heart out," she Tweeted. "So upset"
While it is unclear what Cookie's ailment may be, Frankel isn't taking her constant companion's sickness lightly.
"All I want to do is stay in pajamas, eat junk food and feel sorry for myself," she wrote almost 2 hours after dropping Cookie off. "I'm so tired and my [Cookie] isn't well."
Bethenny Frankel's Dog Is in the Hospital
Bethenny Frankel and dog Cookie
Splash News Online
04/03/2012 AT 06:30 PM EDT
The Latest
advertisementRadiohead Tribute Poster by Cesar Moreno
Mexican artist César Moreno, the man behind 1978.com.mx, just released this insane new Radiohead tribute poster. This one is a 35.5″ x 23.5″ offset printed with matte varnish. It can be purchased for a mere $12 by shooting Cesar an email, or for more info visit 1978.com.mx.
This is REALLY cool.
Yeah it is. Great deal too.
What’s the guys email? The link doesn’t work for me.
elmoreno@1978.com.mx
Anyone hear back from him?
Sweet! $12 is a STEAL!
You know I have emailed twice with no response love this print price is right I should buy three at this price—- I wonder what shipping will cost
nopes no response. dang it!
Got an e-mail back from the artist…with shipping from Mexico, the print is close to $50. I still like it.
Wow shipping to US is $35 can ship up to 5 anyone want me pu
is this a limited run?
It would run me $48 shipping up to New England. But he can ship up to like 6 of them in one pack. Are there any New Englanders around here who’d want to pack up?
He’s really really nice. =)
I want one but can I really pay 48 for shipping? I can’t buy 5 of em, unless there are people in NYC that want them.
Anyone know yet whether this is a limited or open edition?
Purchased 3 so if anyone wants one let me know
^ tim: hit me up i’ll take one off your hands
matte_medium@yahoo.com
Tim, if you’ve still got one left I’ll snag it from ya
timesplitter24@comcast.net
Wow, I just received this poster and it is BEAUTIFUL!! It is my easily my favorite piece I’ve ever had.
[…] old postings and found him. I really like his work but the only print he has for sale is this one, OMG Posters! Archive Radiohead Tribute Poster by Cesar Moreno. His personal website is here, el moreno :: Posters pa’ la banda. The print sure is a steal for […]By Ben Levisohn
Stocks fell today despite the lack of anything significant that would drive down the prices of Netflix (NFLX), Alexion Pharmaceuticals (ALXN) and Facebook (FB), among other high fliers.
- Reuters
The S&P 500 fell 0.5% to 1,857.44 as Netflix plunged, 6.7% to $378.90, Facebook declined 4.7% to $64.10 and Alexion Pharmaceuticals dropped 6.3% to $149.76 as biotech stocks continued to sell off. The Dow Jones Industrial Average, however, dropped just 0.2% to 16,276.69 thanks to its lack of stocks like Netflix, Facebook and Alexion Pharmaceuticals. The Dow was also helped by the strong performance of International Business Machines (IBM), which rose 0.9% to $188.25 and Procter & Gamble (PG), which advanced 1.8% to $79.30.
Don’t blame global economic activity, says JPMorgan’s David Hensley, which is looking OK despite disappointment in China:
Taken in sum, the flash PMIs suggest some underlying slowing is occurring in the global factory sector, though perhaps not to the degree that we’d anticipated. Based on today’s flash releases, the global PMI is expected to decline 0.8pts to 52.5 in March. Output is prospectively down 0.5pts on a preliminary basis to 54.1. After holding at roughly the same level for four months, this would mark a low back to October. That said, the output PMI would still be consistent with 4.7% annualized global IP growth, nearly 1%-pt above the rate observed in January (3m saar) and 1.5%-pts higher than where we expect for February.
There’s even the possibility that the U.S. job market might be stronger than it looks, notes Citigroup’s Steven Englander, who points to an academic paper making the rounds. He writes:
Far from arguing that the unemployment rate understates the degree of slack in the labor market, the authors are arguing that the aggregate unemployment rate may overstate the degree of slack. The unemployment rate of those unemployed 26 weeks and less is almost back to where it was in 2008, and suggests a much quicker tightening in effective labor market conditions than Fed comments on the painfully slow recovery in the job market would suggest. Indeed both Krueger et al’s inflation equation in column 2 of their Table 1 and our re-estimation of it suggest that the current unemployment rate for those unemployed 26 weeks or less is almost certainly below the implied NAIRU for that measure. Estimating NAIRUs is a slippery matter, so you do not want to exaggerate the implications, but again it implies a need to re-examine the reserve army of the unemployed theme, and suggests considerable intellectual pushback against this view.
Can we blame today’s the weakness on Monday? Why not, as Bespoke Investment Group notes that markets have been, on average, down on the first day of the week:
Let’s hope tomorrow’s just another, typical Tuesday.
Add a CommentiPhone 5 exclusives with Virgin Mobile
By Jack Preston
Content Manager
In case you didnt know, the iPhone 5 is out today! If youre still looking for somewhere to lay your hands on one then your search may just be over, as Virgin Mobile Canada reveals their exclusive iPhone 5 offers.
As the only carrier offering exclusive member benefits and discounts with partners such as H & M, The Body Shop and Disney, Virgin Mobile Canada has managed to make the worlds most desirable phone even more appealing.
Just in case you needed some more convincing:
The iPhone 5 is the thinnest, lightest iPhone ever
Featuring the most vibrant 4-inch display to date, with 326 pixels per inch
Ultrafast wireless, connecting to more networks all over the world
The power-efficient A6 chip delivers twice the CPU performance
A custom lens and 8-megapixel sensor camera means high quality photos, even in panorama
To get your hands on one, head over to Virgin Mobile Canada.✔
data-original="" width=200 height=200 />
Free Home Phone Service
Ooma is a revolutionary device that allows you to call anywhere in Canada for free and make international calls for next to nothing. You pay only applicable taxes and fees. Simply connect the Ooma Telo to your high-speed Internet and your existing home phone, and that's it. Ooma comes with everything you would expect including voicemail, call-waiting, caller-ID, 911 service and much more. If your calling needs are more advanced, sign up for Ooma Premier, a suite of advanced calling features and get free U.S. calling too.
Set up is easy:
Here's what you get with Ooma:
1 year Warranty
:
Phone:In honour of World Cat Day, I did a quick search on the fabulous Early English Books Online to see if cats were ever described as agents of conversion, in the same way as were their enemies (or at least their sometime prey) fish. 
Helen Smith
An Interview with Jan Garside
Jan Garside, a textile artist, recently completed a set of three responses to our research and to the ‘Virtue and Vice’ exhibition at Hardwick Hall. A couple of weeks ago, I sat down with Jan to talk through her inspiration and the challenges of her work, and to learn more about the ‘Drawing Room’ installation. 
Weaving histories: contemporary textiles at Hardwick Hall
Yesterday, I made another trip to Hardwick Hall to help (well, mainly watch) textile artist Jan Garside and her collaborators install a set of three responses to our research, and to the themes of the ‘Virtue and Vice’ exhibition.
‘Go your ways for an Apostata': the converting Courtesan
I.
Picture of a reading table?
A couple of days ago, I wrote a post about Bess of Hardwick’s reading. What I didn’t mention there was the description of the table on which Bess kept her books. According to the 1601 inventory of Hardwick, Bess’s books sat in her bedchamber, next to an hourglass and a mirror. Whilst it’s tempting to imagine these as the early modern version of an alarm clock and a looking-glass, for Bess they almost certainly had a more serious purpose. 
A book that converted…
As part of the work of putting together the ‘Virtue and Vice’ exhibition, I got to return to a question that has fascinated me for a long time: women’s reading in the early modern period. Though moralists fulminated against the perils of women’s reading, and warned that it was likely to lead to all sorts of venereal vices, there is good evidence to show that women read widely, and that they enjoyed devotional and religious literature alongside a wide range of fictions, poetry, and other writings. 
An inlaid table, as you’ve never heard it before…. Nearly There - Studio Photos!
As we enter the final stages of recording and mixing we wanted to share some images from our time at Swingfingers. We'll be getting surveys out to each of you in the coming weeks to gather the info we'll need to fulfill your rewards, but for now enjoy these photos!
Creator deb wall on February 25, 2013
Love all the photo's... can hardly wait to hear the CDWe]
• "Magic Mike" director Steven Soderbergh has a great anecdote about Matthew McConaughey's butt. [VH1]
• You know (and love) Autobahn's "Nagelbett." Check out the other records in Maude Lebowski's collection in "The Big Lebowski." [Death and Taxes]
• Activate the Infinite Improbability Drive! Blast off with 5 fictional ways to go really, really fast in outer space. [Mental Floss]
• "Star Trek" Into a Touchdown! The "Star Trek" universe gets reimagined as a series of sports teams. [GeekSugar]
• The 2013 BAFTA nominations prove that British people can have bad taste, too. [FilmDrunk]
• Activision Don't Need Hollywood: Why "Call of Duty" will never get turned into a movie. [Movieline]Hello,When I smile I have a droopy tip. There are other things about my nose that I am unsatisfied with but do not want a rhinoplasty because I am afraid I will not like the result. I was wondering if it is possible to release the depressor septi nasi under local anesthesia thru an incesion inside the mouth or nose and if it would be risky. Level of difficulty for a surgeon. Thank you!
Release the Depressor Septi Nasi Under Local Anesthesia Thru Mouth or Inside Nose?
Doctor Answers 4
Transoral dissection and transposition of the depressor septi nasi muscle
Have a question? Ask a doctor
Release the Depressor Septi Nasi Under Local Anesthesia Thru Mouth or Inside Nose?
Dear Roze,
Thank you for your question. Yes, this is possible. I release the muscle from inside the mouth as I feel this is less painful and no external scars. The worst part is the injection.
Best Wishes,
Pablo Prichard, MD
Release the Depressor Septi Nasi Under Local Anesthesia Thru Mouth or Inside Nose?
It can be done either way under local anesthesia and is not very challenging.
Kenneth Hughes, MD Los Angeles, CA
Web reference:
You might also like...
Release of the depressor septi ligament under local anesthesia
It is possible to perform a release of the depressor septi ligament Under local anesthesia. The procedure is performed through the nose where a small incision is made at the base of the columella and the release is performed. The local anesthetic injections in the nose will be somewhat uncomfortable due to lots of nerve endings.- Overview
- Specs
- Reviews
Information
DannyShane Nelson Black Nelson Black Cycling Jersey features euro-style simplicity, paired with stunning contrast, leaving a clean, crisp appearance.
- Nelson BlackThursday, April 24, 2014
A Day of Golf, Cards or Spa at Beautiful Turnberry Isle Resort
- 10:30 AM Registration
- 11:00 AM Brunch
- 12:30 PM Tee Off, Cards or Spa
Forecaddie Provided for Each Foursome
- 5:30 PM Cocktail Awards Dinner
Golf Foursome - Includes Brunch, Cocktails & Awards Dinner – $1,200 ($1,100 before April 11, 2014)
Golf, Brunch, Cocktails & Awards Dinner – $300 per person
Spa, including full use of Spa and one treatment, Brunch, Cocktails & Awards Dinner – $300 per personse call for a list of available spa treatments)
Card Party, Brunch, Cocktails & Awards Dinner – $225 per person
Card Party & Brunch – $125 per person
Cocktails & Awards Dinner – $125 per person
For more information, call 786.866.8621 or to purchase tickets/register, visit
In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
Share 2014 Miami Jewish Health Systems Golf ClassicShare TweetNews: Task Force Gunfighters practices medevac hoist
Story by Capt. Andrew Cochran
KANDAHAR AIRFIELD, Afghanistan – Aviators and medics with Company C, 2nd Battalion, 1st Aviation Regiment (General Support Aviation) practiced medical evacuation hoist training with UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters Friday at Multi-National Base Tarin Kot.
“Hoist training is the use of the jungle penetrator to extract patients from the battlefield,” said Chief Warrant Officer 4 Osbourne Ferguson, the aviation mission survivability officer for the 1st Combat Aviation Brigade.
The aviators and medics, assigned to Task Force Gunfighters, 1st Combat Aviation Brigade, 1st Infantry Division, are responsible for the medevac mission throughout Regional Command South, Southwest and West, an area approximately the size of the state of Montana with 10,000-foot mountains and open deserts.
“In mountainous terrain, like Afghanistan, the possibility of needing the hoist is real,” Fergusson continued. “Medical evacuation missions could take us anywhere at any time, and we need to be ready.”
The company’s aviators and medics routinely practice using the hoist throughout Afghanistan.
Sgt. Joshua Steveson, a Black Hawk crew chief with more than 1,700 flight hours and three previous combat deployments, understands the importance of practice makes perfect.
“Hoisting is an inherently dangerous operation,” Steveson said. “The cable will spool out at 250 feet per minute, and without good depth perception, you could pancake the medic into the ground. It is a very learned skill.”
The use of the jungle penetrator, a heavy piece of metal designed with fold out seats and straps, dates back to Vietnam. Its use for tough medical evacuation situations is standard throughout Army aviation.
Despite the danger, Staff Sgt. Michael Longhenry, a veteran combat flight medic with C Company, believes the hoist as the true “feel-good, superman” mission for medevac.
“Terrain may not always dictate that the aircraft can land where the patient is,” said Lonhenry. “We need to be able to put the medic on the ground to continue treatment, package the patient and get the patient into the aircraft regardless of the terrain.”
Soldiers with 2-244th Airfield Operations Battalion, Louisiana National Guard, were the practice “patients” and rode the hoist up and down. For them, the hoist was both a fun break from their daily routine and a learning experience.
“This is fun training for us as air traffic controllers,” said Chief Warrant Officer 2 Daniel Solis, the senior airfield manager for MNB Tarin Kot. “Cross training with the pilots and crew members of the aircraft we guide into the airfield helps us better understand the information they need for the job they do.”
Solis, a former Black Hawk crew chief from New Orleans and veteran of disaster relief for hurricane Katrina in 2005, knows hoist operations are key for rescue missions.
“Units who don’t work with aviation don’t understand aviation,” Solis said. “Using the hoist was the only way to reach the people needing transportation via helicopter following Katrina.”
Injured or stranded soldiers and civilians can take heart in the knowledge C Company will come to their aid.
“No matter the terrain, the weather, no matter anything, we are always going to be able get the patient into the back of the aircraft. That is what medevac is and what it's always been about,” said Longhenry.
Connected Media
A soldier with 2-244th Airfield Operations Battalion,...
A soldier with the 2-244th Airfield Operations...
This work, Task Force Gunfighters practices medevac hoist, by CPT Andrew Cochran, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Date Taken:09.25.2013
Date Posted:09.25.2013 12:34
Location:TARIN KOWT, AF
Hometown:NEW ORLEANS, LA, US
Options
Wikileaks is experiencing some butthurt. According to their Twitter account that have been “Digi-Raped”. Oh well. They tried out for the big leagues and were cocky enough to give themselves the motto “We open Governments”. They do nothing of the kind. Instead they use their State Department cables to control information in the same way that governments do.
During the height of their fame Wikileaks dun goofed a few times. Now it is time for them to go the way of all failed wannabe intel operations. Rather than be a central force in a new world of open information the world is finally starting to see them for what they are. Two bit crooks who know nothing about how to handle intelligence.
I just want to welcome Wikileaks to the real world and remind them they did not purchase a ticket for this ride; nor do they meet the height requirement. It wont be long now until they are forced to leave the park. No cotton candy, no souvenirs.
The first big goof came when they republished a cable and claimed it was newly released. Unfortunately we had covered that cable inside and out. Wikileaks lied (as they do frequently). And their staff members who sign a voluntary $12 million pound gag order does not respect them anymore. One of their staff has leaked info to me while shrugging his shoulders and saying “fuck it” in regards to their gag order. For reference, these posts are of importance and will start to tell the story of Wikileaks falling apart.
Wikileaks republishes cables, claims they are new, then lies while changing the publishing date (note the last paragraph-a special note to Wikileaks staff)
Black Market Nukes in Bulgaria (the predecessor to the story above)
Wikileaks leaks names of innocents and endangers them
It is only a matter of time now. Wikileaks will slowly implode and fall apart. They are already at the point where they realize that the remaining cables they have are not as precious as the hype has portrayed them to be. Ciao baby! See you in hell; I have reserved a room next to the ice machine and water fountain. And you may not loiter in front of my room. Enjoy the heat
Developing
Over the next few days I will be releasing the intel regarding Surface to Air (SAM) missiles stolen from Libya by Al Qaeda Islamic Meghrab (AQIM). Friends of Wikileaks had leaked the name of a key operative tracking these missiles in real time. I will outline this whole ordeal within 24 hours. Stay tuned…A capacity crowd had already taken their seats inside the Ninth Street school's gymnasium, where top-ranked St. Anthony would put its 82-game winning streak on the line against New Jersey's No. 3 ranked team, East Brunswick.
Senior guard Hallice Cooke treated those who arrived early enough to score seats -- or standing room -- with a brilliant 3-point shooting performance in St. Anthony's 46-37 victory. The Oregon State recruit scored a game-high 18 points on six 3-pointers, as St. Anthony (18-0) capped a grueling five-day stretch by running its win streak to 83 consecutive games.
Ranked No. 4 in USA Today, the Friars now turn their attention to a looming encounter with St. Benedict's Prep (19-0), No. 5 in USA Today, at the Prudential Center on Friday. Tip-off is set for 8:15 p.m.
But before that could happen, Cooke took aim at East Brunswick's 1-3-1 zone defense. The Bears (15-1), who entered the game with two marquee victories this season against state-ranked No. 7 St. Joseph (Metuchen), used the 1-3-1 alignment early last night. That served as Cooke's green light from the outside.
"We prepared for 1-3-1 first and then man (defense). The way it was going to go early here, this is Hallice Cooke night against the zone at home," said St. Anthony coach Bob Hurley. "People were expecting to see him take a lot of deep shots against the zone and really make the zone run a lot of guys at him. And we saw it."
Cooke sparked St. Anthony's most productive offensive stretch with four 3-pointers in the second quarter alone. After East Brunswick's Jake Krantz hit a 19-foot jump shot to tie the game at 9-9 in the final seconds of the first quarter, Cooke helped his team outscore the Middlesex County squad 17-6 in the second frame with three-straight trifectas over a 1:20 span.
"It attracts a lot of attention, which opens up my teammates," Cooke said of his 3-point exploits. "After I hit the first one and got my confidence going, the basket felt like the ocean."
The home team's lead ballooned to 14 points with 4:49 to play in the fourth quarter when Cooke drilled his final 3-pointer of the game. But showing poise, East Brunswick scrapped back to within nine points (44-35) in the last minute of play on a 3-pointer from NJIT-bound Rob Ukawuba, who was limited to just five points.
From there, Josh Brown (nine points) and Kentrell Brooks (six points) sunk one free throw each to put the finishing touches on the Friars' fourth victory in five days. St. Anthony, which is holding opponents to just 34.3 points a game this season, won the SNY Invitational over the weekend, followed by a Monday night tilt against Newark Tech.
"Traditionally, two days before a game you go hard (in practice) and then light the day before. Tomorrow, we're going to come in and practice for one hour. No disrespect to St. Benedict's, we should not do it for more than an hour," said Hurley.
"The coaches are tired, the managers are tired, Mrs. Hurley is tired, the bus driver's tired, we're all tired.
"We weren't going to allow (fatigue) to be (an excuse)," Hurley added. "Was it in there? Obviously, but if we lost this game it was because they played better today."
But for the 83rd game in a row, Hurley and the Friars didn't have to ponder such thoughts.
East Brunswick 37: Ukawuba 1-1-0-5, Leung 1-0-2-4, Krantz 2-0-1-5, Bell 2-0-2-6, Taylor 1-0-0-2, Baumer 2-3-2-15. Totals: 9-4-7-37.
St. Anthony 46: Cooke 0-6-0-18, Brown 3-0-3-9, Coleman 2-0-0-4, Brooks 2-0-2-6, Compas 0-0-0-0, Smith 1-0-0-2, Mosely 0-0-0-0, Jenkins 2-0-1-5, Ariri 1-0-0-2. Totals: 11-6-6-46.
East Brunswick (15-1) 9 6 13 9 -- 37
St. Anthony (18-0) 9 17 9 11 -- 46Guggenheim Publication Wins Prestigious Award
.
The catalogue was published on the occasion of a comprehensive exhibition of work by the Chinese-born artist Cai Guo-Qiang, organized by Thomas Krens, former Director of the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, and Alexandra Munroe, Senior Curator of Asian Art at the Guggenheim Museum. Designed by Miko McGinty and Rita Jules, the book features over 230 illustrations, and offers a detailed analysis and interpretation of Cai’s art, including his innovative use of gunpowder in drawings and explosion events, as well as an extensive chronology, exhibition history, and bibliography. It includes essays by David Joselit, Chair, Department of Art History, Yale University; Miwon Kwon, Associate Professor of Art History, University of California, Los Angeles; and Wang Hui, Research Professor, Modern Chinese Intellectual History, Tsinghua University, Beijing.."
Available online
Learn more about Guggenheim publications“Judge not, lest ye be judged,”
says Jesus Christ. “Who am I to judge?” says his Vicar on earth, Pope Francis.
And the World, standing as it does under Satan’s domination, as the New
Testament affirms, tends to twist any words of goodness, beauty, or truth
offered it. And so when Pope Francis uttered “Who am I to judge?” in an
informal interview on an airplane last summer when asked about a “gay lobby” in
the Vatican, the World denuded his words, stripping them of context and finding
there (if not outright affirmation of homosexual relations) real
daylight between Pope Francis and his predecessor.
It’s clear that Pope Francis was speaking of
those with a homosexual orientation, and not approbating any behavior:
A gay person who
is seeking God, who is of good willwell, who am I to judge him? The Catechism
of the Catholic Church explains this very well. It says one must not
marginalize these persons, they must be integrated into society. The problem
isn't this (homosexual) orientationwe must be like brothers and sisters. The
problem is something else, the problem is lobbying either for this orientation
or a political lobby or a Masonic lobby.
Now, Pope Francis has done it again,
deliberately, in
his fervorino on Monday, St. Patrick’s Day, uttering “Who am I
to judge?” And the World, once again, is tempted to take these words and twist
them, as if Jesus’ wordsand Pope Francis’ wordswere license for license. For
the World does not want to be challenged and converted; it wants to be
affirmed. And so it would rather twist the words of Christ and pope than be
saved.
If one reads the excerpts
of the fervorino provided, Pope Francis’ words are clear enough
both for those who are searching or for those of the faithful who would receive
them: “Jesus’
invitation to mercy is intended to draw us into a deeper imitation of God our
Father: be merciful, as your Father is merciful.” But receiving mercy involves
the recognition of the reality of sin, not its dismissal or reinterpretation,
and so Pope Francis then teaches that cultivating an attitude of mercy requires
the self-knowledge to own and confess our own sin, unlike Adam, who blamed Eve,
and Eve, who blamed the serpent: “to become merciful, we must first acknowledge
that we have done many things wrong: we are sinners! We need to know how to say:
Lord, I am ashamed of what I have done in life.”
Pope Francis, the vicar of
Christ, is channeling Christ here perfectly, and so goes on to quote Christ’s
words from Matthew 7: “The Lord says it in the Gospel: ‘Judge not, and you will
not be judged; condemn not and you will not be condemned; forgive and you will
be forgiven. Give and it will be given to you; good measure, pressed down,
shaken together, running over, will be put into your lap.’”
Many in the modern world find an out in
Jesus’and thus Pope Francis’words about judgment, a way to get off the hook
about sin, wielding them wrongly as a shield to deflect moral claims, as if
Jesus were speaking about moral judgments. And the reason for that is
modernity’s peculiar preoccupation with ethics and epistemology in its attempts
to fill the felt void left by the collapse of the medieval worldview, wherein a
robust metaphysics bred confidence that one could know the nature of reality
and the nature of humanity and thus what human beings were for and what they
were to do. The failure of the modern projectthe attempt to root knowledge and
ethics in some sort of pure reasonmeans that most people nowadays don’t think
much can be known about anything, especially morals. And thus Jesus’ and Pope
Francis’ words are heard as affirmation that “I’m OK, and you’re OK, and
everything is OK.”
But no one is “OK.” Neither the Jesus
of the Gospels nor the Pope who proclaims Jesus and the gospel under the name
of Francis suffers from the skepticism that drives our easygoing relativism. In
the Sermon on the Mount, in the Gospel of Matthew, the context in which Jesus
gives his famous teaching forbidding judging, Jesus knows precisely what sin
is, names it, and calls people from it to righteousness. He does this so that
having received mercy instead of the condemnation their sins deserve, they may
also turn round and have mercy upon other sinners“forgive us our sins, as we
forgive those who sin against us”while also guarding themselves against swine
and dogs, who trample holy pearls while on the attack.
Here too we might mention hypocrisy, as
many men and women nowadays find moral claims inherently hypocritical, since no
one seems capable of living up to his or her own standards. As La Rochefoucauld
once said, “Hypocrisy is the homage vice rends to virtue.”
As it happens, the Matthean Jesus had
much to say about hypocrisy and hypocrites, railing frequently against them.
Those people who harbor the modern disdain for the supposed externals of ritual
understand Jesus to be saying that religion is not religion at all, but an
internal affair of the heart. And certainly Jesus does stress the importance of
internal purity and righteousness, but what moderns miss is that he doesn’t
denigrate externals thereby and reduce faith and morals to a private internal
matter. For the Jesus of Matthew, “Thou shalt not kill” concerns much more than
refraining from literal murder; it concerns anger and harsh words as well. But
it still very much concerns literal murder. In a similar way Jesus teaches that
the prohibition of adultery also concerns lust, but literal adultery is still
forbidden.
For the Jesus of Matthew, then,
hypocrisy isn’t a concern for ritualistic externals when faith concerns
internal matters of the heart. Rather, hypocrisy is the failure of the internal
and external to align. If one’s heart is right, then external thingsspeech,
action, ritualwill align. “For out
of the abundance of the heart the mouth
speaks…what comes out of the mouth proceeds from the
heart…. For out of the heart come evil thoughts, murder,
adultery, sexual immorality, theft,
false witness, slander.” Indeed, Jesus
affirms the importance of externals in his severe woes against the scribes and
Pharisees. He accuses them of tithing herbs while neglecting the weightier
matters of the law, justice, mercy, and faithfulness, and then affirms both: “These
you ought to have done, without
neglecting the others.”
And similarly, “You
blind Pharisee! First clean the inside of the cup and the plate, that the outside also may be clean.”
In all of this, Jesus isn’t rejecting
moral judgments but making them. And he expects his followers to make them as
well. Motes and beams are real, and must be removed, not accommodated. If
anything, Jesus is turning up the dial on sin so that God’s mercy might really
rain down in torrents, as he teaches his hearers that sin isn’t merely a matter
of avoiding the big thingskilling, stealing, fornicatingbut rather is a
cancer constricting the heart. Receiving God’s mercy means healing, a cure then
to be extended also to others. But the modern world cannot comprehend mercy
because it cannot comprehend sin, and so it often chooses to trample the pearl
of mercy. In its endless quest for affirmation, it misses out onNot Within Top #500
Keep Your Head Up
Tupac
Send "Keep Your Head Up" Ringtone to Your Cell (ad)
Visit Artist's Official Website
Popular ringtone start times for this song... (mouse over to see times)
Recent ringtone creations using this song...
Keep Your Head Up 00:34 → 00:59
3 years ago by Kate Smith
Keep Your Head Up 01:26 → 01:28
3 years ago by Stephanie Archer
Keep Your Head Up 01:23 → 02:00
3 years ago by Ronald Jenkees
Keep Your Head Up 01:22 → 01:47
4 years ago by Nicole Medai
Keep Your Head Up 01:16 → 01:54
4 years ago by Danielle W.
Recent app creations...
00:01→00:311 year ago
00:00→00:301 year ago
00:00→00:301 year ago
01:20→01:502 years ago
01:23→01:532 years ago
Lyrics For "Keep Your Head Up"
Little somethin' for my godson Elijah and a little girl named Corinne
Some say the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
I say the darker the f...
View more...Garden Room Oasis Walk to StanfordUnited States, California, Palo Alto
About This Listing
Spacious room in beautiful home with single bed and a second futon bed that can accommodate one. Very large closet space, desk and shelves. Ideal for one person who is staying for several weeks, visiting Stan single bed and a single futon bed with large walk in closet and lots of deep shelves. Ideal for extended stay by a single person, OR for a small family coming visit Stanford.
The weather is unbelievably wonderful - sunny skies most of the year, allowing you to sit outside and enjoy the birds in the garden or read a book on the back porch.
While we do welcome children, your stay is subject to your understanding that our home is not child proof'd.
Please note that the bathroom on the same floor as this room, is shared with 3 other rooms. There is a second bathroom with walk-in shower on the upper floor if the one on the same floor is occupied.
Guest Access
FREE FAST Wifi
Large single room with window looking out to private garden with a Japanese Garden with Tea Pavilion and water falling into a gold fish pond. Enjoy an oasis of calm in the heart of Silicon Valley, walking distance to downtown Palo Alto and Stanford.
There is a shared bathroom (toilet and shower over tub) on the same floor as the room and a second guest bathroom on the upper level - with toilet and shower.
Interaction with Guests
Welcome and orientation.
We share the kitchen, laundry and family/TV room with our guests.
Ross and Mei Lin work full time and so we do not offer shuttle or concierge services.
The Neighborhood
Live in the heart of the heart of Silicon Valley. Downtown Palo Alto is a 5 minute stroll away starting with the Whole Foods Market, Peets coffee, the best brunch place St Michaels Alley and more. The neighborhood is ranked as a Walker's Paradise, earning a 97% ranking. There are 3 drug stores within 10 minutes walk, with a dry cleaner, sewing shop, shoe repair shop, casual diner and hardware shop even closer.
Getting Around
This room is in an ultra convenient location in the Professorville section of Palo Alto 6 blocks south of University Avenue, where you are 30 minutes walking distance to the Main Quad in Stanford.
The main Palo Alto train station is 10 minutes walk where you can ride Caltrain to San Francisco and San Jose. Located there is the main bus terminal in Palo Alto and the Marguerite Shuttle takes you all over Stanford free of charge.
Within 2 blocks you have the wonderfully convenient Whole Foods Market (hot and cold food bars, bakery and organic produce), Shoe Repair, Mexican restaurant, Peet's Coffee, St. Michael's Alley which is the top brunch location in Palo Alto. You will live in a single family home in one of the oldest parts of Palo Alto with the historic HP "Garage" a national historic monument is just 3 blocks away. There are two parks - within 3 blocks and the downtown Library is 1 block further. There are about 5 gyms within 4 blocks. Or you can run around Campus drive 3 miles, or walk 30 minutes to the Hoover Tower to get a birds eye view of the beautiful Stanford Campus - with free aromatherapy while stepping on the leaves of the the Eucalyptus Gum trees.
The Stanford Shopping Center is 15 minutes walk as is every part of University Avenue including great coffee places like Cafe Venetia, Coupa Cafe, Il Fornaio, La Boulange, University Cafe, La Baguette, Prolific Oven....
Other Things to Note
Shared bathroom, separate entrance, guest fridge, laundry facilities and access to kitchen by arrangement. All linens provided. Housecleaning and sheets changed weekly. Special rates for weekly and monthly stays.
You are welcome to borrow our bikes, you must bring your own bike lock. You are responsible for replacing the bike if the bike is stolen. If taking the train to SF, walk to the station, don't leave the bike at the station, it can be stolen. Parking the bike around Stanford requires a good bike lock, as bike theft is rampant.
This is a single person room, which can accommodate an additional person on a futon bed.
No smoking in house or garden.
Please take off your shoes within the house.
The family room has a flat panel TV and desk and dining table for guest use - it is a shared space and all the house may use it - please be considerate of others.
Towels and sheets changed weekly but you must leave your door open on Monday to indicate you wish them changed by our housekeeper Angela and her sisters.
Shared bath with a drawer for each guest to store personal toiletries, please leave common space clean and clear for others to use after you.
This house is not Child Proof.
This is not a hotel, it is our home. Both Ross and Mei Lin work full time and we appreciate guests who understand that while we strive to be helpful, we are not able provide a shuttle or concierge service for our guests. We do enjoy hearing about where you come from in the US or internationally. We are from Australia and Singapore and have lived in Palo Alto for many years and are a good resource for our guests.
47 Reviews
The room was a bit smaller than I expected. The bed is a twin and the mattress is an innerspring and could benefit from a foam mattress topper.
Overall the accommodations were suitable for me and fair for the price. The house and grounds are excellent and the location is unbeatable. I would not hesitate to stay at this location again.
This was my first AirBnb experience and I must say that I'm very happy after my week at Mei Lin's and her husband's home. Everything worked perfectly from the beginning to the very end. I got many useful advice from Mei-Lin (for example not to take high heels..) by e-mail, and Ross helped me how to use gas lit in the kitchen. Mei-Lin's house is in a beautiful and peaceful neighbourhood, I enjoyed walking there a lot!
My room was as good as it was described: clean, nice and big enough. Bathroom is very nice and convenient as well.
Food store was was in three minutes walk: wonderful store where I bought my meals every day and even some of my souveniers. Caltrain station was also near.
The garden was amazing! I saw fish in the fountain!
Thank you for your great feedback Raini - it helps us to know how we can better make our guests experience as easy and restful as possible. Really appreciate you taking the time to clean up in the bathroom - yes, with multiple people sharing the bathroom, we need to do more to give our guests a good experience.
I will write a recycling guide for our guests so we'll have one starting in the month of May - this is a GREAT suggestion, thank you.
Mei Lin agreed to host my friend JoAnne while she was visiting me. Here's what JoAnne had to say about her experience:
Mei Lin and Ross are lovely, gracious hosts and very helpful with both excellent recommendations and a SuperShuttle booking (which was greatly appreciated, as I had no computer access on this trip!). Their home is six short blocks from a number of fine restaurants and shopping, two blocks from a Whole Foods, and a 17-minute walk from the Caltrain station. Stanford Student Union is a 50-minute to one-hour walk away, but great exercise--and one can hardly go wrong out in the gorgeous California weather.
I was in a downstairs single room (the Garden Room Oasis) which was not large, but basic and clean, and totally adequate for my purposes. A window opens from the inside to allow fresh air both during the day and at night, and the room has a nice, sizable clothes closet with hangers, as well as a few chairs and small tables. A small refrigerator and microwave are a few steps down the hall, as is a clean, moderately-sized bathroom with a place for everyone's toiletries, as well as clean towels, lots of hot water, and a roll of paper towels. There is also a TV room nearby for watching favorite programs. I truly enjoyed my mid-April 2015 three-day/night stay and would stay with them again if returning to Palo Alto.
A perfect location, very close to Stanford campus and downtown Palo Alto, with the caltrain station (to San Francisco), cafés/restaurants and food markets within walking distance. Mei Lin and her husband made me feel very welcome. The room is clean and quiet, and the common areas are very roomy. The whole neighborhood is very beautiful. I particularly enjoyed biking every morning to Stanford campus. (The possibility to borrow one of the family's bikes is a big plus!) Thank you again for hosting me, Mei Lin!
Dear Sophie
I am so glad you enjoyed biking to Stanford - it is truly one of the great pleasures - especially in the morning, when you can smell the gum tree leaves and scrunch over the gum leaves and gum nuts. You are so welcome Sophie and we hope you come back to stay.
Great location, beautiful, convenient, and peaceful place in Palo Alto. The room was clean and quiet, and I enjoyed comfortable staying. The host family was friendly. I would like to stay again when I come back next time!
I had a pleasant stay. The house is well located, pretty close to the main street where the bars are and the train station. Also the area is safe during the night etc. They have a very nice garden and the family as well as the other guests make you feel as at home. The room is small and located in the basement, but it is great if you only want to come back home only during the night to sleep, as it was my case. Thanks for hosting me Mei Lin! :)
This host has 106 reviews for other properties.View Other Reviews
About the Host, Mei Lin and plays the piano, Ross like Jazz,.
Reach FitnessClosest Gym - 2 blocks away. $15 per day in 2011 for walk ins.High Street Palo Alto CA 94301
Calafia restaurantRestaurant started by Googles first Executive Chef - great food, reasonable prices, 10 minutes walk from home
Historic HP Garage - Birthplace of Silicon ValleyTwo houses down from the intersection of Scott and Addison Street is the Historic HP garage where Packard and Hewlett developed the first products of the company that became HP. 2 minutes walkScott St Palo Alto CA 94301
Whole Foods Market Palo AltoHot meals available from 9 am to 10 pm within 5 minutes walk. Many of our guests eat there at the cafe tables or bring back their take out containers and eat in the garden or at the dining table.Palo Alto CA 94301
Peet's Coffee & TeaClosest place for Lattes and CapuchinosHomer Avenue Palo Alto CA 94301
Gamble Gardens - showcase of Master Gardener's ClubFor garden lovers - stroll among flower beds, topiary and fountains that surround the former home of Elizabeth, the grandaughter of Proctor and Gamble who donated her home to the city of Palo Alto.Palo Alto California
Fraiche YogurtReally good yoghurt and killer hot chocolate. 5 minutes walk away.emerson Palo Alto CA 94301
Bon Vivant Cafegood food nice surroundings beautifully presentedBryant St Palo Alto CA 94301
SteamDim sum - cooked to order and served piping hot - signature Taiwanese Noodle dish is unusual and tastyUniversity Ave Palo Alto CA 94301
The Madame Tam BistroWhen you feel like a bowl of Pho or other Vietnamese delightsUniversity Avenue Palo Alto CA 94301
Cafe VenetiaEvery Friday from 5-7 pm is a wine social where you can practice Italian. We come here for coffee on the weekendsUniversity Avenue Palo Alto CA 94301
Stanford Shopping CenterAn open air Destination Mall that feels like strolling through a Garden. Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus, Macys, Pottery Barn, Godiva Chocolate, are just a few of the top name retailers here.Stanford Shopping Center Palo Alto CA 94304
Stanford UniversityThe premier university on the west coast, Stanford Industrial Park was the fore-runner of Silicon Valley when Engineering Prof Fred Terman encouraged his students to be entrepreneurial.CA
Stanford University BookstoreOne of those rarities on the west coast - a REALLY LARGE bookstore. if you love books, you must visit this in the heart of Stanford. Check out White Plaza, Student Union and Quadrangle nearby.Stanford CA 94305-3003Illustration by Julia Rothman
Today’s Cincinnati city guide update comes from original guide writer and local, Maya Drozdz of the Cincinnati-based design studio VisuaLingual, along with valuable assistance from Alli of the artsy, craftsy, eye candy-filled blog, One Pearl Button, and Sean of BuyCincy, a site devoted to Cincinnati’s local shopping, local people and local flavor. Thanks, Maya, Alli and Sean, for this marvelous update! at its core and has more recently embraced & Art
A frame shop and gallery, Fab Frames is the biggest dealer worldwide in the works of beloved Cincinnati artists and illustrators, Charley and Edie Harper, as well as their son, Brett. Fab Frames has four other area locations.
17 West 4th St. 513.579.9998
Ingalls Building
This distinguished-looking building is the first reinforced concrete skyscraper and a National Historic Civil Engineering Landmark.
6 East 4th St.
Carew Tower and Netherland Plaza
Don’t let the lack of opulence on the exterior fool you (construction started just before the Great Depression). The (until recently) tallest building in Cincinnati has killer Art Deco touches on the inside. Dinner in the hotel’s restaurant is an expensive but oh-so-worthwhile affair, but a drink at the bar gets you into the same grand space for a lot less. For $1, you can check out the view from the rooftop.
441 Vine St.
Mercantile Library
Founded in 1835, the Mercantile Library is a membership-only free concerts, movies, and other events, Fountain Square features the glorious goods and prints, mostly sleek, high-end objects, plus some locally designed items.
An extensive bookstore that carries a vast range of new, used and rare books of local interest and beyond, including rare first editions and small-run books.
726 Main St. 513.621.7941
Cincinnati Public Library, Main Branch
Designed by noted local modern
Algin Office Furniture and Algin Retro
Two adjacent storefronts offering new furniture and accessories with a retro vibe and quality used office furniture.
800-810 Main St. 513.621.1616
Food + Drink
Tonic on Fourth
Super-swank upscale bar with gourmet “petite bites” and artisanal cocktails, featuring house-made bitters, liquors, tinctures and tonic. A good place to relax on the couches and take in the scene.
125 West 4th St. 513.721.1345
Local 127
A recently opened restaurant that emphasizes farm-to-table New American cuisine in a comfortable environment.
127 West 4th St. 513.721.1345
Sung Korean Bistro
Upscale bistro featuring clean, modern decor and subtle twists on traditional Korean recipes.
700 Elm St. 513.721.SUNG
JeanRo Bistro
Reasonably priced French country cuisine in a casual but classy environment.
413 Vine St. 513.621.1465
Via Vite Restaurant
Located right on Fountain Square, Via Vite offers a reinterpretation of Italian cuisine, including a delicious late-night menu of small dishes.
520 Vine St. 513.721.8483
Mynt Martini
Also on Fountain Square, Mynt Martini serves up tapas and drinks in a swank atmosphere.
Nada
This upscale Latin American restaurant is considered one of the best places to eat in the city (and serves up some of the tastiest margaritas). The men’s restroom shows Mexican wrestling movies and the women’s shows telenovellas.
600 Walnut St. 513.721.6232
Mayberry
Locally focused farm-to-table menu features reasonably priced reinterpretations of American comfort food like burgers and pot roasts.
915 Vine St. 513.381.5999
It’s Just Crepes
Two locations offer sweet and savory crepes that range from the typical (Nutella) to the unexpected (Hawaiian).
39 E Court St. or 151 W. Fourth St. 513.632.7373
Shanghai Mama’s
The most popular late-night joint downtown serves humongous bowls of rice and noodle dishes until 3am on the weekends. No dish costs more than $10. There is a full bar, businesses.
Shopping + Sightseeing
Memorial Hall A glorious Beaux Arts structure, Memorial Hall hosts live
performances, including the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra Players and the annual MusicNow Festival.
1225 Elm St. 513.632.8280
Music Hall
Judged to be among the acoustically best and most beautiful concert theaters in the world, Music Hall is home to the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and Pops, Cincinnati Opera and the annual May Festival.
1241 Elm St. 513.744.3344
The Wooden Nickel
With an extensive selection of antique furniture and varied architectural salvage pieces, The Wooden Nickel spans several store fronts, with even more inventory in the basement.
1400-1414 Central Pkwy. 513.241.2985
Park+Vine
A “green general store” with an ever-changing selection of apparel, home and personal accessories, cleaners, books and gift items that are eco-friendly and/or fair-trade. A great source for cleaning products and paints, the inventory also includes local apparel purveyors Nati Evolvement and Wire & Twine, and regular exhibits by Cincinnati-area artists and designers.
1109 Vine St. 513.721.7275 (moving soon to 1202 Main St.)
4U
Urban fashion boutique showcasing “a fresh and unique alternative for fashion and clothing expression in Cincinnati.”
16 East 12th St. 513.407.8059
MiCA 12/v
Boutique focusing on high-end home decor, accessories and apparel with a wide range of brands including Third Drawer Down, Lotta Jansdotter, Jonathan Adler, Angela Adams, and Cincinnati-area design studios VisuaLingual and 3 Sheets to the Wind.
1201 Vine St. 513.421.3500
Little Mahatma
Folk art and jewelry with an ethnic twist, collected by Little Mahatma’s well-traveled owner Gloria.
1205 Vine St. 513.723.1287
Metronation
Metronation is a boutique focused on furniture, home accessories and unique apparel for men and women. Also has a great selection of gifts — gourmet packaged foods, candles, glassware, baby items and toys.
1213 Vine St. 513.564.0095
Joseph Williams Home
Offers a selection of reasonably priced and apartment-scaled contemporary and retro-inspired home furnishing and accessories.
1232 Vine St. 513.721.3600
1305 Gallery
Always thought-provoking and engaging art exhibits.
1305 Main St. 513.374.5618
Original Thought Required
Street wear boutique and center of street wear culture in Cincinnati — think self expression through personal style, individuality and hip music.
1307 Main St. 513.246.4362
Atomic Number 10
Cute and quirky vintage and used clothing, accessories and furniture from the 1950s to 1990s.
1306 Main St. 513.226.0252 boxes, antique fencing, arbors, trellises and gazebos. Add in the occasional chandelier, stained glass panel or mantel, and you can lose yourself in here for hours (call ahead, as the hours are a bit sporadic).
1404 Main St. 513.241.5487
CS13
An eclectic gallery and performance venue that hosts everything from local and national bands to a weekly book club.
1219 Sycamore.
Food + Drink
Coffee Emporium
Skip the Starbucks — here you can choose from a huge selection of locally roasted artisanal coffees from all over the world.
110 East Central Parkway 513.651.5483
Enzo’s
A cozy and comfortable spot to grab weekday lunch (and enjoy free WiFi!).
1106 Race St. 513.579.1106 Saturdays to check out the farmers’ market, craft vendors, live music and, of course, the diverse crowds. Martha Stewart even visited and fell in love with the BBQ from Ms. Helen’s Grill!
Elder St. between Race St. and Elm St. 513.665.4839
Senate
Street food taken up a notch or two with a menu that features a lobster BLT, truffle fries and a hot dog of the day. They also have a great beer list.
1212 Vine St. 513.421.2020
Lavomatic Cafe
Lavomatic bills itself as an “urban wine bar.” But the food is pretty damn good, too. Locally raised and organic rabbit, chicken and buffalo highlight the menu.
1211 Vine St. 513.621.1999
Below Zero Lounge
A fabulous martini lounge with a great selection of hard-to-find vodkas. Straight out of Sex and the City right in Over-the-Rhine. Fierce!
1122 Walnut St. 513.421.9376
Iris Book Cafe
A gem of a coffee shop and used bookstore in one (also offers CDs and video rentals) featuring rotating photography exhibits on its walls and an incredible little courtyard in the back.
1331 Main St. 513.381.2665
The Famous Neon’s Unplugged
A neighborhood bar with an expansive patio, live music and bocce.
208 East 12th St. 513.827.9361
Tucker’s Restaurant
If you look up “greasy spoon” in the dictionary, you just might find Tucker’s, which was highlighted in an issue of Gourmet magazine. This is a small no-nonsense breakfast-and-lunch spot with diner booths and a counter and prices that are not of this century. A lot of the ingredients come from nearby Findlay Market, and the Tuckers themselves a take-out place to visit for fried fish and little else. It’s tiny, cheap, always crowded and the fried where high-end footwear is as easy to find as vintage records!
Shopping + Sightseeing
Red Polly Space Outfitters
A stylish collection of vintage furniture and home accessories for very reasonable prices.
4016 Hamilton Ave. 513.541.6856
Fabricate
Handmade boutique, indie craft supply shop and gallery space all in one: a haven for local artists, designers and crafters. Located inside Red Polly.
4012 Hamilton Ave. 513.541.2394
Shake It! Records
This
Prairie Gallery
Showcases the work of local and non-local artists in all media.
4035 Hamilton Ave. 513.557.3819
Northside House
An alternative art gallery that recently opened in a historic federal home, the Northside House is already proving itself to be a force in Cincinnati’s vibrant arts scene.
4034 Colerain Ave.
Visionaries & Voices
Non-profit gallery devoted to art created by individuals with disabilities; also provides support for artists, including job-coaching and portfolio-building.
3841 Spring Grove Ave. 513.861.4333
Happen Inc.
Arts organization that aims to bring adults and kids together through creative experiences. You can participate in many open studio times throughout the week, or come for a special art session. Most events are free, and supplies are provided.
4201 Hamilton Ave. 513.751.2345
Thunder-Sky Inc.
Gallery showcasing unconventional art and unconventional artists. A public art-making workshop is hosted here every Saturday.
4573 Hamilton Ave. 513.823.8914
Nvision
Eclectic boutique offering vintage clothing, furniture, and accessories, affordable arts and craft and gallery space featuring a regular rotation of works primarily by local artists.
4577 Hamilton Avenue 513.542.4577
Food + Drink
Honey
Fine dining in a casual atmosphere with a regularly updated, seasonal menu that includes everything from bay scallops to meatloaf. If you go, be sure to try their Honey fries.
4034 Hamilton Ave. 513.541.4300
Take the Cake
Cute bakery and cafe with communal tables — stop in for a light lunch and follow it up with a decadent dessert.
4035 Hamilton Ave. 513.241.2772 and live music, with the Comet Bluegrass Allstars playing.
Shopping + Sightseeing
Bellevue Hill Park
Enjoy lovely panoramic views of the city from this small park. The park also features a gorgeous mid-century stone pavilion.
2191 Ohio Ave.
Kilimanjaro
Features a variety of African art and crafts, toward Hollywood in recent years, this is still
Food + Drinkritos are just as big but more inventive (and you can get a tasty draft beer as well).
358 Ludlow Ave 513.961.6800
Maki Express
Small space (only five!
Shopping + Sightseeing
Food + Drink
Blind Lemon
Unique, cozy pub featuring a patio with a bonfire (weather permitting) and live music nightly.
936 Hatch St. 513.241.3885
The Rookwood Bar and Restaurant
Upscale dining in the former studio and manufacturing facility of the Rookwood Pottery Co. Trust us, it’s worth calling ahead to reserve a kiln table (large table set within your own private kiln).
1077 Celstial St. 513.421.5555
Teak Thai Cuisine & Bar
Delicious and reasonably priced Thai and Japanese food, including an extensive sushi bar. If the weather’s nice, request to sit on the extensive.
403 Oregon St. 513.241.8439
Andy’s Mediterranean Grille
Fantastic Mediterranean food served in a cozy space with a large outdoor patio for the warmer months. Belly dancers add to the atmosphere on Friday and Saturday nights.
906 Nassau Street, 513.281.9791
O’Bryonville
This is a charming and very walkable shopping district, and we’ve merely highlighted some of our favorites from the eclectic selection of boutiques. There’s truly something for everyone in O’Bryonville.
Shopping + Sightseeing
Morrison & Me
Women’s boutique offering shoes, bags, hats and jewelry.
1979 Madison Rd. 513.232.7463
Indigenous
Gallery dedicated to the work of local craft artisans.
2010 Madison Rd. 513.321.3750
Food + Drink
Bonbonerie
Offers delicious cakes, pastries, cookies and tortes — some of the best in Cincinnati. Enjoy a light lunch in their charming tearoom.
2030 Madison Rd. 513.321.3399
Balboa’s Pizza
Comfortable restaurant specializing in pizza and pasta dishes.
2038 Madison Rd. 513.321.4711
Oakley + Hyde Park
Seven miles from downtown are these two leafy neighborhoods, which have seen an influx of new families and young professionals. Don’t get sucked in by the big-box shopping, as both neighborhoods have great community squares and walkable shopping districts.
Shopping + Sightseeing
Trend Boutique
A women’s clothing and accessories boutique.
2946 Markbreit Ave. 513.351.5574
King Arthur’s Toys
Amazing toy store that carries an extensive selection of classic and contemporary toys, including brands like Lego, Radio Flyer, Playmobil, Webkinz and Thomas the Tank Engine.
3040 Madison Rd. 513.531.4600
Aglamesis Brothers
“Made the Sincere Way Since 1908,” Aglamesis makes some of the best ice cream and chocolates in town. Some argue that it even beats local favorite Graeter’s — we’ll leave it up to you to decide.
3046 Madison Rd. 513.531.5196
Blue Manatee Children’s Bookstore & Decafe
A first-of-its-kind, child-focused, adult-friendly cafe offering out-of-the-mainstream books for kids of all ages, plus toys, organic all-fruit smoothies and fair-trade coffee. This is one the most fun stores in all of Cincinnati.
3054 Madison Rd. 513.731.2665
Country Club Gallery
Country Club presents high-profile exhibits by artists such as SIMPARCH and Charley Harper.
3209 Madison Rd.. 513.792.9744
Food + Drink
Habits Cafe
Neighborhood bar and grill with excellent pub food. Don’t miss the sweet potato fries, served with a side of apple butter for dipping.
3036 Madison Rd. 513.631.8367.
Terry’s Turf Club
It’s worth leaving the main drag to experience the kitschy atmosphere and out-of-this-world burgers served up here; they’ve been voted the best in Ohio by Food Network Magazine.
4618 Eastern Ave. 513.533.4222
Covington
Covington is just across the river from downtown Cincinnati. On a nice day, the bridge makes for a lovely stroll. Mainstrasse has most of the cute restaurants and shops, although they are more scattered about within walking distance.
Shopping + Sightseeing to check out the space or the lauded art collection,
This bistro is located in an old rowhouse and features a very low-key, bohemian atmosphere. This is one of the top spots for Sunday brunch, with excellent vegan goetta on the menu. Also, make sure to try the delicious pastries!
308 Greenup St. 859.261.3663
Chalk Food+Wine
Union Terminal is still an Amtrak station and also home to the Children’s Museum, History Museum, Omnimax Theater and the Museum of Natural History & Science. The Art Deco building is a Streamline
Bova Contemporary Furniture
Located way up North, Bova is a Denmark-based company specializing in contemporary furniture, and this is one of only seven US locations.
11349 Montgomery Rd. 513.247.9100
Vintage Poster Bank
A lot more than just vintage posters, this store is a treasure trove of funky furniture and accessories, as well as oddities like vintage commercial signs and cigar labels.
825 Delta Ave., Mount Lookout, 513.421.6659 from Covington to nearby Newport, we hope they will continue with their exhibit space.
33 East 9th St., Newport, KY, 859.491.0444
Tonic and Chalk are both closed.
Definitely recommend ForkHeartKnife on the corner of Main and Liberty in OTR. Owner Sierra has done such an amazing job cleaning that little corner store up and the food is so, soooooo good!
What about chicken lays an egg in northside? And Emanu?
Yes!!! So happy to see fabricate on here! They are simply awesome!
Thanks for this post! Covington is my home and it’s lovely to see this area get the attention it deserves. I was delighted to see this guide today.
The list looks great! I love all that Cincy has to offer.
However, you forgot about THE SPOTTED GOOSE in Oakley! The cutest,
children’s boutique in the city!
Thank you for reminding all of us locals just how thriving
our neighborhoods are. Equally as inspiring is how much many of
these neighborhoods have grown and changed since this was
originally posted in 2008. Definitely worth exploring these areas
for all of the new treasures available! Continue to shop
local!
Add to the list –> Brush Factory, since 2009 . Fashion and Furniture. Designed and produced in Cincinnati. Retail store is in Oakley!
Down the street from thespottedgoose!!
Wow! Awesome list. I moved to Cinci about a year ago and have yet to visit at least half of these spots. Anyone with any good interior design recommendations aside from Highstreet on this list???
Beluga is closed. Quite disappointed to not see embers, trios, and boca on the list. Boca is generally known as the best restaurant in Cincinnati. Why leave out skyline chili and graeters ice cream, which was once one of oprah’s “favorite things”?
Hannah, thanks so much for your comment! I really wanted the list to focus on design-type places and also on specific neighborhoods, so that you could use the guide to give yourself a tour of one or two neighborhoods in one afternoon, say. There are plenty of “best of” guides to Cincinnati that don’t mention all the design-related stores or architectural gems that this list mentions.
Both Graeter’s and Skyline are mentioned in the very beginning, since you can find them all over the Cincinnati area. We also tried to include every other Cincinnati-based branded food that we could think of.
Is there a google map for this guide?"<<
$8.95
Feed and Care for a Rescued Horse
From $1.00
From $11.00
Special Value!
Twilight Embroidered Sleeveless Tunic
$22.95
One of our favorites!
I Love You More Sterling Paw Print Heart Necklace
From $24.95
One of our favorites!
From $5.00
In memory of Catherine Violet Hubbard
From $10.00
From $19.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
From $16.95
From $14.99
On Sale!
Purple Paw Angelic Ornament
$12.95
Walk With a Friend Hooded Sweatshirt
From $39.95
From $6.00
Special Value!
Clinging Kitty Outdoor Thermometer
From $11.99
On Sale!
All Paws Welcome Indoor/Outdoor Mat
From $11.00
Special Value!
From $9.95
All My Children Have Paws T-Shirt
From $16.95
Guatemalan Worry No More Doll
From $1.99
On Sale!
Women's Paw Print Fleece Vest
From $23.95
Paw Print Birthstone Sterling Necklace
From $34.95
Elephant in the Garden Grande Mug
$12.95
One of our favorites!
To The Moon & Back Dog T-Shirt
From $12.00
On Sale!
Festival Dogs Kitchen Towels - Set of 2
From $9.99
On Sale!
Care for Two Rescued Rabbits
From $1.00
$6.95<<
Sequined Rattan Jewelry Pouch
From $4.95
From $12.99
On Sale!
Purple Paw & Rhinestones Hooded Top
$34.95
One of our favorites!
Only Speaking To My Dog Tank Top
From $12.99
On Sale!
Winged Bling Paw Print Military Hat
From $12.99
On Sale!
Cattitude Patchwork Hobo Bag
$24.95
$26.95
One of our favorites!
$14.95
Paw Print Bright Key Covers - Set of 4
From $4.99
On Sale!
Paw Print Silicone Muffin Pan
From $6.00
Special Value!
$28.95
$19.95
From $14.95
Kitten in Flowers Solar Garden Stake
From $19.95
Tie Dye Spirit Crocheted Top
$28.95
From $19.99
On Sale!
Tie Dye Purple Paw Lightweight Pullover Hoodie
From $39.95
Always By My Side Paw Sterling Ring
$34.95
One of our favorites!
Dog About Town Fold-up Tote Bag
From $9.99
On Sale!
Purple Paw Quick-Dry Sport Tank Top
From $13.99
On Sale!
$29.95
From $9.99
On Sale!
$14.95
One of our favorites!
Pallets of Pet Food for American Shelters
From $9.00Open iTunes to preview, buy and download music.
Top Albums and Songs by Hawkboy
Listeners Also Bought
View In iTunes
- 4,95 €
- Genres: Alternative, Music, Rock
- Released: 15 November 2011
- ℗ 2011 Regenerate Music Co.
We are unable to find iTunes on your computer. To preview and buy music from King Folly - EP by Hawkboy, download iTunes now.iTunes for Mac + PC
Open iTunes to preview, buy and download music.Video
U.S.
World
Politics
Entertainment
Tech
Health
Lifestyle
Money
More
Investigative
Sports
Good News
Photos
Job Search
Fusion
Live
This Week in Pictures: June 14 - June 20, 2014
+
− South Korean army recruit pours water on his fellow recruit to cool off during their training at an Army training Center in Nonsan, South Korea, June 20, 2014.
Yonhap/Yang Yong-suck/Getty Images
Toro Rosso's Russian driver Daniil Kvyat drives at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg, June 20, 2014, during the first practice session of the Austrian Formula One Grand Prix.
Joe Klamar/AFP/Getty Images
Jockey Andrea Atzeni riding Cursory Glance wins the Albany Stakes during day four of Royal Ascot at Ascot Racecourse, June 20, 2014, in Ascot, England.
Alan Crowhurst/Getty Images
Kashmiri Shia Muslims shout anti-America and anti-Israel slogans during a protest on the outskirts of Srinagar, India, June 20, 2014. Dozens of Shia Muslims in Indian portion of Kashmir protested against the al-Qaida breakaway group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant after June 20, 2014 prayers.
Dar Yasin/AP Photo
A young Palestinian crawls under an obstacle during a military-style graduation ceremony at Fajer Al-Entesar (dawn of victory) summer camp, organized by the Hamas movement, in Gaza City, June 19, 2014. Hamas stages dozens of military-style summer camps for young Palestinians in the Gaza Strip to prepare them to "confront any possible Israeli attack", organizers said.
Mohammed Salem/Reuters
An environmental activist takes part in a rally outside the parliament building in Kiev, June 19, 2014, demanding deputies of parliament to pass laws protecting ecology.
Valentyn Ogirenko/Reuters
Members of the Islamist movement Hamas stand behind a barrier erected to seal off the site of an Israeli air strike in Gaza City,
People duck and hide themselves under umbrellas as a giant figure of Optimus Prime from the movie "Transformers 4: Age of Extinction" stands in the heavy rain for its world premiere in Hong Kong, June 19, 2014. The latest installment in the blockbuster series of "Transformers" films is making its world premier not in the usual entertainment hubs of Los Angeles or New York but in the wealthy Chinese metropolis of Hong Kong, the latest sign of Hollywood's increasing focus on China's booming film market.
Kin Cheung/AP Photo
Girls dressed in traditional clothes of the Sorbs prepare for the Corpus Christi procession in Crostwitz, Germany, June 19, 2014. The Catholic Sorbs are a Slavic minority located near the German-Polish border.
Matthias Hiekel/DPA/AP Photo
A newborn elephant, the third child of mother Indi explores the compound for the first time at the Zoo in Zurich, Switzerland, June 18, 2014.
Keystone/Steffen Schmidt/AP Photo
An Israeli soldier conducts a mission during the sixth day into the search of three missing teenagers, June 18, 2014, in Hebron, West Bank. Israeli soldiers have so far detained more than 210 suspects in the search for the teenagers, who went missing in Jewish settlements in the West Bank late last week.
Ilia Yefimovich/Getty Images
A rider in ethnic group costume competing in a traditional horseback riding event in Hongyuan county of Aba town, or Ngawa town, southwest China's Sichuan province, June 17, 2014. According to local media reported, some 300 riders from 15 teams around the country took part in the traditional horseback riding event.
AFP/Getty Images
South African soldiers from the guard of honor march ahead of the State of the Nation address in parliament in Cape Town, South Africa, June 17, 2014. President Jacob Zuma is under pressure to deliver in his second term in office as the new parliament gathers following the April general elections.
NIc Bothma/AFP/Getty Images
An Indian youth jumps into the Arabian Sea near the Haji Ali mosque in Mumbai, June 17, 2014. The India Meteorological Department has declared the start of the monsoon season, which runs from June to September, accounts for about 80 percent of India's annual rainfall.
Punit Paranjpe/AFP/Getty Images
British fashion designer Nasir Mazhar takes the applause following London Men's spring summer fashion collections 2015, at Victoria House, central London, June 17, 2014.
Joel Ryan/Invision/AP Photo
An Iraqi boy holds a weapon as he takes part in a gathering by Shiite tribesman to show their willingness to join Iraqi security forces in the fight against militants who have taken over several northern Iraqi cities, June 17 2014, in the southern Shiite Muslim shrine city of Najaf.
Haidar Hamdani/AFP/Getty Images
Two tornados approach Pilger, Neb., June 16, 2014. The National Weather Service said at least two twisters touched down within roughly a mile of each other June 16, 2014, in northeast Nebraska.
Eric Anderson/AP Photo
AT-3 jets fly in formation with colored smoke during a ceremony marking the 90th anniversary of Taiwan's military academy in Kaohsiung, Taiwan, June 16, 2014.
Wally Santana/AP Photo man observes the remains of destroyed vehicles and buildings in the town of Mpeketoni, Kenya, following an attack, June 16, 2014.
AP Photo
A man riding a public bicycle through a bicycle-sharing station in Beijing, June 14,.
AFP/Getty Images
A girl from the African Hebrew Israelite community, popularly known as "the Black Hebrews", hides behind an adult during a celebration for the holiday of Shavuot in Dimona, June 15, 2014.
Finbarr O'Reilly/Reuters
A participant runs in high-heels as she competes in the Stiletto Run in Bucharest, June 14, 2014. The annual race requires participants to wear high-heels that are at least 7cm tall.
Bogdan Cristel/Reuters
Related
All the Best Moments from the World Cup
See the Craziest World Cup Fans
Momma Giraffe Bonds With Her Newborn Son
REPLAY
YOU JUST SAW:
This Week in Pictures: June 14 - June 20, 2014
All ABC News Photos
>
International
>
Photos
>
This Week in Pictures: June 14 - June 20, 2014Avenged Sevenfold’s Tribute To “The Rev”
The new A7X song, ‘So Far Away” is dedicated to their late drummer Jimmy ‘The Rev” Sullivan who passed away in 2009. In this video, which is kind of a scrapbook of The Rev’s life, you’ll really get a feel for just what an everyday kinda guy he was. Looks like he would have been very cool to hang out<<OSHA currently regulates fall protection for construction under Part 1926, Subpart M. The standards for regulating fall protection systems and procedures are intended to prevent employees from falling off, onto or through working levels and to protect employees from falling objects. Fall protection requirements under the OSHA Construction regulations require considerable planning and preparation. [Note: These regulations do not address the issue of whether employers should compile a written fall protection plan, except to provide for the use of a written plan as justification for less conventional fall protection measures during leading edge work, pre-cast concrete erection work, or residential construction.]
Written fall protection procedures establish guidelines to be followed whenever an employee works above dangerous equipment on ramps or runways, or at heights with fall protection at the job site. The regulations:
Written procedures for fall protection establish uniform requirements for fall protection training, operation, and practices. The effectiveness of the written fall protection procedures depends on the active support and involvement of all employees who perform the jobs requiring it. This plan is intended to document procedures that ensure all work requiring fall protection is carried out safely.
Purpose
Principia is dedicated to the protection of its employees from on-the-job injuries. All employees of Principia have the responsibility to work safely on the job. The purpose of this plan is to:
This program informs interested persons, including employees, that Principia is complying with OSHA's Fall Protection requirements, (29 CFR 1926.500 to.503).
This program applies to all employees who might be exposed to fall hazards, except when designated employees are inspecting, investigating, or assessing workplace conditions before the actual start of construction work or after all construction work has been completed.
The Workplace Safety Director is responsible for its implementation and is the competent person for our company. Copies of the written program may be obtained from Principia's written Safety and Health plan. Certain employees are authorized to inspect, investigate, or assess workplace conditions before construction work begins or after all construction work has been completed. These employees are exempt from the fall protection rule during the performance of these duties.
These authorized employees determine if all walking/working surfaces on which our employees work have the strength and structural integrity to support the employees. Our employees will not be allowed to work on these surfaces until they have the requisite strength and structural integrity.
All employees, or their designated representatives, can obtain further information about this written program, and/or the fall protection standard from the Safety Director/Competent Person.
Our Duty to Provide Fall Protection
To prevent falls Principia has a duty to anticipate the need to work at heights and to plan our work activities accordingly. Careful planning and preparation lay the necessary groundwork for an accident-free jobsite.
Worksite Assessment and Fall Protection System Selection
This written plan is for our various construction sites. There are situations at these worksites that will require fall protection.
All fall protection systems selected for each application will be installed before an employee is allowed to go to work in an area that necessitates the protection. When selecting and purchasing fall protection equipment and supplies, they shall be approved for the purpose for which they are intended. Such fall protection equipment shall bear appropriate labels clearly indicating that the equipment meets or exceeds applicable ANSI and ASTM requirements.
This fall protection plan is intended to anticipate the particular fall hazards to which our employees may be exposed. Specifically, we:
Providing fall protection requires an assessment of each fall situation at a given jobsite. Our criteria for selecting a given fall protection system follow those established at 29 CFR 1926.502, fall protection systems criteria and practices. Each employee exposed to these situations must be trained as outlined later in this plan.
Unprotected Sides and Edges
Our employees must be protected when they are exposed to falls from unprotected sides and edges of walking/working surfaces (horizontal and vertical surfaces) which are 6 feet or more above lower levels.
We know that OSHA has determined that there is no "safe" distance from an unprotected side or edge that would render fall protection unnecessary.
At Principia we utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
We maintain the system(s) chosen until all work has been completed or until the permanent elements of the structure which will eliminate the exposure to falling hazards are in place.
Leading Edge Work
Some construction sites requires leading edge work. Leading edges are defined as the edge of a floor, roof, or formwork that changes location as additional floor, roof, or formwork sections are placed, formed, or constructed. If work stops on a leading edge it will be considered to be an "unprotected side or edge" and will be covered by the section of this plan on unprotected sides and edges.
We presume that it is feasible and will not create a greater hazard to implement at least one of the conventional fall protection systems for our leading edge work.
At Principia we utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
Employees who are not constructing the leading edge, but who are on walking/working surfaces where leading edges are under construction, will also protected from falls by the use of standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS).
Hoist Areas
In all situations where equipment and material hoisting operations take place, we protect our employees from fall hazards. When we are involved in hoisting operations we utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
When operations require the materials to be lifted by crane to a landing zone (and do not require an employee to lean through the access opening or out over the edge to receive or guide materials), we can select either personal fall arrest equipment or a guardrail system.
When guardrails (or chains or gates) are removed to facilitate hoisting operations, and one of our employees must lean through the access opening or out over the edge to receive or guide materials they will be protected by a personal fall arrest system.
Holes
Principia protects employees from:
At Principia we utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
At our worksites employees can trip or step into or through a hole (including skylights) or an object could fall through a hole and strike a worker. In these instances we use covers to prevent accidents.
We understand that OSHA does not intend that a guardrail be erected around holes while employees are working at the hole, passing materials, and so on. Therefore, if the cover is removed while work is in progress, guardrails are not required because they would interfere with the performance of work. When the work has been completed, we will be required to either replace the cover or erect guardrails around the hole.
Formwork and Reinforcing Steel
We are involved in work where different systems fit different applications. If our jobsites requires formwork or reinforcing steel work 6 feet or more above lower levels, we will chose a fall protection systems at each location to protect our employees:
At Principia we utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
Ramps, Runways, and Other Walkways
We equip all ramps, runways, and other walkways with guardrails when employees are subject to falling 6 feet or more to lower levels.
Excavations
At our jobsites we may have excavation edges that will not be readily seen (i. e., concealed from view by plant growth, etc.). In addition, walls, pits, shafts, and similar excavations 6 feet or more deep will be guarded to prevent employees from falling into them. When it is necessary, and when the excavation is 6 feet or more deep we will protect our employees and subcontractors.
At Principia we utilize and require the use of standard guardrails, fences, barricades, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from fall hazards.
Dangerous Equipment
Principia is committed to protecting our employees from falling onto dangerous equipment. Because of the inherent danger an employee or subcontractor will be exposed to, Principia will utilize and require the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS) to protect our employees and subcontractors from these fall hazards.
Overhand Bricklaying and Related Work
Each employee performing overhand bricklaying and related work 6 feet or more above lower levels must be protected from falls. Related work means mason tending as well as electrical work that must be incorporated into the brick wall during the bricklaying process.
When a job requires overhand bricklaying and related work, our employees will be protected by the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, controlled access zone, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS).
When workers must reach more than 10 inches below the level of their working surface, a controlled access zone may not be used as the fall protection measure.
We realize that there cannot be any exposure to our workers to fall hazards such as holes, or hoist areas, within a controlled access zone. If there is, the workers must be protected by a fall protection means addressing the specific hazard.
Roofing Work on Low-Slope Roofs
Each of our employees engaged in roofing activities on low-slope roofs (4 in 12 or less, vertical to horizontal pitch) with unprotected sides and edges six-feet or more above lower levels will be protected from falling by requiring the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, safety monitoring systems, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS).
We follow the guidelines in Appendix A of Subpart M to determine how to correctly measure a roof that is not a rectangle.
Steep Roofs
We will protect our workers on roofs with slopes greater than 4 in 12 vertical to horizontal pitch (steep roofs) from falling when the roof has unprotected sides or edges more than 6 feet above lower levels by the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS).
Pre-cast Concrete ErectionOur company may be involved with pre-cast concrete erection work. We presume that it is feasible and will not create a greater hazard to implement at least one of the conventional fall protection systems for any pre-cast concrete erection work. When our employees are erecting pre-cast concrete members 6 feet or more above a lower level they must be protected from falling by the use of standard guardrail, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS).
Wall Openings
Employees who are exposed to the hazard of falling out or through wall openings (including those with chutes attached) where the outside bottom edge of the wall opening is 6 feet or more above lower levels and the inside bottom edge of the wall opening is less than 39 inches above the walking/working surface must be protected from falling. We protect our employees from falls out or through wall openings by the use of covers, standard guardrails, safety nets, or personal fall arrest systems (PFAS). Walking/Working Surfaces Not Otherwise Addressed We realize there will be situations that are not covered by our written safety plan, for which we have the duty to provide fall protection. All employees exposed to falls of 6 feet or more to lower levels must be protected by a guardrail system, safety net system, or personal fall arrest system except where specified otherwise in Part 1926. In addition to these measures, Safety Monitoring systems and controlled access zones may be utilized as alternative protection in accordance with the requirements of 29 CFR 1926.502(g) & (h). When Safety Monitoring Systems are utilized, the Safety Director will serve as the safety monitor or he shall designate an individual adequately trained under this program to serve as the safety monitor. The safety monitor is designated the competent person and has the authority to take prompt corrective action should he/she identify or predict any fall hazards that our employees may be exposed to. Duties of the safety monitor shall be : 1. To recognize fall hazards. 2. Warn employees if they are unaware of a fall hazard or is acting in an unsafe manner. 3. Be on the same working surface and in visual sight of employees. 4. Stay within a distance that verbal communication can be heard and understood. 5. Shall not assume any other duties or assignments which may interfere with performing the duties of the safety monitor. Protection From Falling Objects When employees are exposed to falling objects, we ensure they wear hard hats and also implement one of the following measures: Erect toe boards, screens, or guardrail systems to prevent objects from falling from higher levels. Erect a canopy structure and keep potential fall objects far enough from the edge of the higher level so that those objects would not go over the edge if they were accidentally moved. Barricade the area to which objects could fall, prohibit employees from entering the barricaded area, and keep objects that may fall far enough away from the edge of a higher level so that those objects would not go over the edge if they were accidentally moved. Cover or guard holes 6 feet or more above a lower level. General Worksite Policy 1. If any one of the conditions described in the Workplace Assessment is not met for the area or piece of equipment posing a potential fall hazard, then do not perform that work until the condition is met. If you cannot remedy the condition immediately, notify a supervisor of the problem and utilize a different piece of equipment or work in a different area, according to the situation.. 3. Only employees trained in such work are expected to perform it. 4. All places of employment, job sites shall be kept clean and orderly and in a sanitary condition. 5. All walking/working surfaces must be kept in a clean and, so far as possible, dry condition. Where wet processes are used, drainage shall be maintained, and false floors, platforms, mats, or other dry standing places should be provided where practicable. Training Program Under no circumstances shall employees work in areas where they might be exposed to fall hazards, do work requiring fall protection devices, or use fall protection devices until they have successfully completed this company's fall protection training program. The training program includes classroom instruction and operational training on recognition and avoidance of unsafe conditions and the regulations applicable to their work environment for each specific fall hazard the employee may encounter. The training program is given by a "competent person" qualified in each aspect of the program, and must cover the following areas: The nature of fall hazards in the work area. Selection and use of personal fall arrest systems, including application limits, proper anchoring and tie-off techniques, estimation of free fall distance (including determination of deceleration distance and total fall distance to prevent striking a lower level), methods of use, and inspection and storage of the system. of the construction regulations. The Safety Director will identify all current and new employees who require training and schedule the classroom instruction for those employees. Training on the above components will occur both in the classroom and on the job site, as appropriate. Classroom training will cover written policy/procedures on fall protection and include a training video on the subject. Job site instruction will include demonstration of and practice in wearing fall protection equipment and any instruction necessary for a specific job. The Safety Director has overall responsibility for the safety of employees and will verify compliance with 1926.503(a), training program, for each employee required to be trained. The Safety Director has the responsibility of determining when an employee who has already been trained, does not have the understanding and skill required by the training program (1926.503(a)). A written certificate of training is required which must include: The name or other identity of the employee trained. The date(s) of training. The signature of the competent person who conducted the training or the signature of the employer. Retraining is required when an employee cannot demonstrate the ability to recognize the hazards of falling and the procedures to be followed to minimize fall hazards. Enforcement Constant awareness of and respect for fall hazards, and compliance with all safety rules are considered conditions of employment. The Safety Director reserves the right to issue disciplinary warnings to employees, up to and including termination, for failure to follow the guidelines of this program. Incident Investigation All accidents that result in injury to workers, regardless of their nature, (e.g., a near miss) occurs, this plan will be reviewed to determine if additional practices, procedures, or training need to be implemented to prevent similar types of falls or incidents from occurring. Changes to Plan Any changes to the plan must be approved by the Safety Director. This plan is reviewed by a qualified person as the job progresses to determine if additional practices, procedures or training needs to be implemented by the competent person to improve or provide additional fall protection. Workers are notified and trained, if necessary, in the new procedures. A copy of this plan and all approved changes is maintained at the jobsite.American Drama
Ten typescripts, posters, advertisements, archival collections, letters and photoplay editions related to Eugene O'Neill and the movies.
October 14, 2013
"The title for the next play is Death of a Salesman. Isn't that a beaut?"
August 12, 2013
Student performances directed by James Dieffenbach Y'13, Davenport-Pierson Theater, April 26-27, 7pm.
April 22, 2013
Ten fascinating books, letters, photos, objects, collections, archives, documents...related to Thornton Wilder and Film.
April 2, 2013
The Yale Collection of American Literature is renowned for its outstanding Modernist-era literary archives and manuscript collections offering scholars access to writers’ creative practices, often within the context of their personal lives.
February 24, 2013
Highlights from the Yale Collection of American Literature's strong holdings in American drama
February 22,Here's the place to share your totals for the Harris Teeter triple coupon promotion! How much did you save, were the shelves stocked, how did it go?
Here are my totals:
Subtotal before sales and coupons: $77.42
Amount saved: $73.82
Amount paid: $3.60
% saved: 96%!
Plus, I will also get back $1.35 in SavingStar.com credit!
You can see the items I bought in the picture above. I used a coupon for everything and a competitor's coupon as well.
Please sign in to add a comment.
scoutmomof2 Sep 17, 2013
Final triples shop, OOP 14.15,savings 44.89 (76.03%). 3 lol butter, 3 boxes state fair corn dogs, 3 sargento sliced cheese, 1 ghiredelli bar, 3 Bertolli al dente frozen dinners, 3 smithfield ham steaks and 1 box garlic knots.
scoutmomof2 Sep 17, 2013
DianeNC, I had the ravioli one today at lunch, it was pretty good. Definately picking uo more tonight. They are on sale for 3.49 and it was a 0.75 coupon. They are on sale through the 24th it looks like, so starting tomorrow they would be $2 with the coupon, still not bad for a lunch.
DianeNC Sep 17, 2013
Ooops! The Tetley Tea coupon I just posted about in the current issue of All You magazine, is actually a $0.75 coupon (not $0.55).
DianeNC Sep 17, 2013
In the October issue of All You magazine that I just got, there's a $0.55 coupon for any box of Tetley Tea. The Tetley Iced Tea Bags - Family Size (24 Count) are currently on sale for $1.29, makeing them free with this coupon during Triple Coupons.
Thanks, scoutmomof2 - I actually just got the coupons I ordered from Klip2Save, but didn't know about the Bertolli ones. Will have to pick up some for next time!
scoutmomof2 Sep 17, 2013
The only other time you can use multiple coupons is when you have two complementary coupons. For instance I had one during super doubles for $1/2 Ken's dressing plus I have another for B2G1 free. So I used both coupons on 3 bottles. Or if something is B1G1 (or for that matter B2G3) you can use multiples for single (or off two) as long as you don't exceed the total number of items purchased.
scoutmomof2 Sep 17, 2013
DianeNC, yes those. I am having one for lunch today. I got coupons from klip2save. It brought them down to 1.25!
DianeNC Sep 17, 2013
Bman1560 - You can't use two manufacturer coupons on one product at any store (not just HT.) As ilovelucy31 mentioned, it will usually state that in the fine print on the coupon. With Harris Teeter, though, you can use a Harris Teeter eVIC/ZVR electronic coupon along with a manufacturer coupon on one product. (You'll sometimes hear that referring to as "stacking" which I believe Harris Teeter is the only grocery store left that allows customers to do that. Target, Rite-Aid, CVS, Walgreens, and other retail stores also allow customers to use store coupons & manufacturer coupons on products.)
If you haven't signed up to get Harris Teeter's eVIC electronic "coupons", you should most definitely do so! In addition to the ones you select yourself to download to your card, you'll also get weekly specials that HT puts on your card as well - these all can be used with manufacturer's coupons.
Example: This week's eVIC special is Honey Nut Cheerios (12.25 oz.) for just $1.97. You can "stack" th
DianeNC Sep 17, 2013
scoutmomof2 - did you mean Bertolli Al Dente frozen dinners? It doesn't look like they're on sale on Express Lane, is there a coupon for these? Would love to try them!
Bman1560 Sep 17, 2013
Thank you ilovelucy31. Can you ever use 2 coupons on one item? If so, can you give an example.
ilovelucy31 Sep 17, 2013
Bman- no they will not take both. You will only be able to use 1 coupon off of the 3. The coupon most likely indicates one coupon per item purchased or something of that nature, which means 1 coupon for described item, in this case it would be the 3 boxes. What you could do though, is you can buy 6 boxes (2 sets of the 3 steam fresh) and use both coupons so you are using 1 per set, but you able to use both coupons. That does make them .40 cents a box which is a great deal!>
Tips
90% of 309 customers recommend
“Best massage ever with Rodney <3”
“I purchased this for my Neice and she was very pleased with the experience and said she would definetly go again. :-)”
“Lavender Fields Day Spa and Wellness Center is a quiet and tranquil massage parlor with a knowledgeable and friendly staff who go above and beyond what you've paid for. ”
- A
600 S Yonge St.
Suite 11A and 12B
Ormond Beach, FL 32174
+13866716500Get DirectionsFeel the leaves crunching, watch the changing colours and dig out your wooly jumper. Our parks look particularly beautiful in the low light of autumn. Plus, in October, you can enjoy a spooky Halloween themed break with a whole host of extra ghoulishly fun activities planned. From Halloween shows to fancy dress parades and pumpkin competitions, Haven can guarantee you a frightfully good October half term break whatever the weather.... (03:56)
Watch video
Travel back in time and see what The Orchards looked like in 1992!
View post
From bird box building to sand sculptures, fire building to bug hunting you can do it all with Nature Rockz!
We love Dads here at Haven so to celebrate Father’s Day this year Dads go free on any family activity including archery,...
Full articleSportsJustice
A sports blog with Richard Justice
Monthly Archive for September, 2007
The Mets had a worse Sunday than the Texans.
Just […] [Read More]
Saying goodbye to Biggio. UT didn’t have a plan.
Craig Biggio once said he was fortunate to be able to play his entire major league career with one team. Truth be told, we were the lucky ones. • • • Texas typically gets taken apart by OU before Mack Brown announces a return to two basics: protecting the quarterback and running the ball. This […] [Read More]
Cecil Cooper deserves a chance. Meet the Mets.
Cecil Cooper may not strike you as the next Bobby Cox, but it’s way too early to write him off as the next Lee Mazzilli. That’s why he’ll be managing the Astros on Opening Day next season. Nothing wrong with that. Give him every opportunity. Once Cooper has had a spring training to set up […] [Read More]
The Longhorns are afraid to play UH. Coach Fran sold secrets.
I […] [Read More]
Huge test for the Texans. AggieCoach.com is up and running.
This is the latest most interesting game of the season for the Texans. Kansas City, Carolina and Indianapolis were all tests, all different. Kansas City was about respectability. Carolina was winning on the road against a decent opponent. Finally, Indianapolis was the challenge of not getting blown out by a great team. The Texans passed […] [Read More]
I. […] [Read More]
Vince Young wins on Monday Night Football. Not surprised, are you?
Some of you still aren’t convinced. You’ll point to his passer rating and arm angle and other stupidity. You’ll say Vince Young still has never showed you all that much. You agree with Charley Casserly that it’s footwork and completion percentage that really matter. If you’re not about winning, Vince Young isn’t for you. That […] [Read More]
Tears and pain and disappointment. Welcome to the NFL, Texans.
Gary Kubiak choked back tears while discussing his team’s effort and spirit and resilience. The Texans lost player after player, made mistake after mistake, and yet they kept going, kept pushing. Until the final seconds, they believed they were going to win. As you know by now, it was never like this before. This was […] [Read More]
Show MoreCompany:
More Products By Drinkwell:
Average rating from 5 reviews.
Average rating from 33 reviews.
Average rating from 21 reviews.
Similar Products:
Average rating from 3 reviews.
Average rating from 2 reviews.
Average rating from 1 reviews.
Editor's Best Lists:
Products We Are Testing:
Drinkwell Pet Fountain Reservoir "limited Edition"
Rating:
Average rating from 14 reviews.
(4.8 out of 5, based on 14 reviews)
Photosadd photo
Reader's Reviews (14)
The fantastic Drinkwell!
posted 7 years ago
The Drinkwell pet fountain is very good for a person who is never really there to change their pet's water!
I would recomend it to most peaople with dogs or cats. I incourage you to buy a Drinkwell pet fountain for yourself and see how well it works!
-- additional:
[updated on 2008-03-07 15:25:01 GMT]:
I will recomend this to people everywhere!
Pros: Wonderful
Cons:You are always welcome here at ringtone download service Audiko.net, where you can easily search for free ringtones for your ringer. Today we have a ringtone of “If It Makes You Happy” by Sheryl Crow as well as 264 other ringtones by Sheryl Crow. “If It Makes You Happy” is a real hit from the “The Very Best Of Sheryl Crow” album that was made by Sheryl Crow at their studios together with other 17 tracks. You can listen to all 4 Sheryl Crow – “If It Makes You Happy” ringtone variations available here and download it for free right now. You can also get other 12 albums produced by Sheryl Crow for all time. “If It Makes You Happy”!
Sheryl Crow - If It Makes You Happy
Similar Ringtones
Browse Genres
Alternative American Country Female Folk Pop Pop Rock Rock
Albums by Sheryl Crow
Sheryl Crow
10 Sep 2013
Sheryl Crow
19 Jul 2010
View All Albums by this Artist
Top ringtones by Sheryl Crow
- Sheryl Crow - If It Makes You Happy
- Sheryl Crow - All I Wanna Do
- Sheryl Crow - Sweet Child Of Mine
- Sheryl Crow - Here Comes the Sun
- Sheryl Crow - The First Cut Is the Deepest
- Sheryl Crow - My Favorite Mistake
- Sheryl Crow - Tomorrow Never Dies
- Sheryl Crow - Soak Up the Sun
- Sheryl Crow - Easy
- Sheryl Crow - Dyer-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA1 Gerald Pfeifer <address@hidden> writes: > On Mon, 5 Jan 2004, Gerald Pfeifer wrote: > > However, there seems one (hopefully) minor issue left: > > > > Date: Sun, 4 Jan 2004 22:47:41 +0100 > > From: Erik Schnetter <address@hidden> > > To: address@hidden > > Subject: tree-ssa branch on savannah > > > > I am unable to check out the tree-ssa branch from savannah, while the > > main branch works fine. I receive the error message > > > > $ cvs -z9 -d :ext:address@hidden:/cvsroot/gcc checkout -P > > - -rtree-ssa-20020619-branch gcc > > cvs [server aborted]: cannot write /cvsroot/gcc/CVSROOT/val-tags: > > Permission denied > > > > Would you mind having a look? > > Actually, there is another one, which others reported previously, but > which may not have been clear for someone not closely familiar with GCC. > > The GCC CVS repository contains more than one module, at least gcc (the > compiler proper) and wwwdocs (the web pages and scripts) are relevant. > > The latter is completely missing from savannah, and of the former, only > a single directory is present (name the directory called gcc) where there > should be many further directories and files in the top level. > > > My guess is that in your invocation of rsync, somewhere you have one > "/gcc" too much, for example "/cvs/gcc/gcc" instead of "/cvs/gcc" -- > or something along these lines. > > Hope this helps, > Gerald These are the commands used to do the rsync, I don't see any "/cvs/gcc", so could you please point out what could be wrong as I am not familiar with the setup. rsync -z -rltgoD --delete --exclude '#cvs\.*' --exclude '/CVSROOT/*' rsync://gcc.gnu.org/gcc-cvs/ /savannah/cvsroot/gcc/cvsroot/gcc/ rsync --archive --exclude '#cvs\.*' --include '/val-tags' --include '/history' --exclude '/*' rsync://gcc.gnu.org/gcc-cvs/CVSROOT/ /home/gccrsync/cvsroot/ cp /home/gccrsync/cvsroot/history /savannah/cvsroot/gcc/cvsroot/gcc/CVSROOT/history cp /home/gccrsync/cvsroot/val-tags /savannah/cvsroot/gcc/cvsroot/gcc/CVSROOT/val-tags - -- Hugo Gayosso GNU Savannah Support -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1.2.3 (GNU/Linux) iD8DBQE//kcFMNObVRBZveYRAgYNAJ0ZQkwGRm6ZGJ551Lexhex7OwjghwCfZhwP PeXL+Y64q3EtvzvemNQkX5U= =pqNN -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----Arithmetic Teacher (1967) Vol. 14, No. 7
THE ARITHMETIC TEACHER Volume 14, number 7 Physical representations for signed-number operations A number pencil Manipulating points and figures in space A comparison of three stratagems for teaching mathematical concepts and generalizations by guided discovery NOVEMBER 1967 Robert B. Ashlock and Tommie A. West David M
This is available to members of NCTM. Please log in now to view this article. If you are interested in a NCTM membership join now.WELCOME to our new website! We are glad you have stopped by. Please show yourself around our website and familiarize yourself with us. If there are questions you have that we do not answer on this site, please do not hesitate to contact us and we will be sure to get back to you with an answer.
In 2006 the Franciscan Missionaries of the Holy Cross began to take form. In 2008 we merged our ministry and resources with another Order, but re-established our separate identity in Spring of 2012. With St. Paul, in Galatians 6:14, we proclaim: “But far be it from me to glory except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, by which the world has been crucified to me, and I to the world.” So it is that our Order continues to keep its eyes on the Lord Jesus Christ and His Cross, for it is there we find strength and hope for a wounded, lost, and dying world. Our aim is to minister the transforming love to Jesus Christ to everyone!
Headquartered at the Franciscan Monastery of St. Louis the King, Shiloh, Illinois, the Franciscan Missionaries of the Holy Cross is an Anglican religious order with various ministries in the United States and Canada. We plan to expand our ministry into Central America and the Caribbean in the near future.
Copyright ©2005-2012 Franciscan Missionaries of the Holy Cross. All rights reserved.
The information and images contained in this site may not be copied, reproduced, or used in any form without the express written permission of the Franciscan Missionaries of the Holy Cross.
One response
Hi, this is a comment.
To delete a comment, just log in, and view the posts’ comments, there you will have the option to edit or delete them.The Virginia Community College System uses a company by the name of Vangent to produce and distribute all 1098’s. Virginia Western Community College’s student 1098’s were prepared and mailed on January 27, 2014.
Students can obtain a copy of their 1098 before it arrives in the mail or obtain additional copies at the Vangent website at tra.vangent.com There is no additional charge for the web copies. Students should click the “First Time Students” button and follow the directions.
Students can also receive assistance by using the “Student Help” link on the website. There are many useful help topics to assist students as well as an 800 number that can be used to get technical assistance with logging in and retrieving records. However, this number cannot be used for general 1098-T questions or information on the existence of a form for any particular student. Only students who have a published 1098 will be able to retrieve their 1098 from the website.
Be advised that Box 1 of the 1098-T includes all payments (student payments, student payments made through tuition payment plans, loans, 3rd party, scholarships, and financial aid and waivers) that satisfied qualified tuition and fee charges net of student revenue refunds. Box 4 data reports any adjustments made in calendar year 2013 for qualified tuition and related expenses reported for a prior year on Form 1098-T. Box 5 of the 1098-T reports the net sum of 3rd party payments, scholarships, financial aid and waivers that satisfied qualified tuition and fee charges. Box 6 data reports adjustments made in calendar year 2013 to scholarships or grants reported for a prior year on Form 1098-T. Qualified charges satisfied by loan payments are considered paid by the student and will be reported in Box 1. Qualified tuition charges are credit course charges, technology fees, capital fees, course and class specific fees and all mandatory non-E&G fees. No other charges qualify for 1098-T reporting including bookstore charges, fines, non-credit course charges, and miscellaneous fees. The difference between Box 1 and Box 5 represents student payments.
Students whose eligible tuition and fees charges were totally refunded or were entirely satisfied by financial aid, third party or waivers will not receive a 1098-T. Students whose calendar year 2013 transactions resulted in Box 1 and Box 5 and Box 4 and Box 6 being equal will not receive a 1098-T. Also, please note for purposes of 1098-T reporting; only calendar year 2013 cash basis activity is reflected. Payments made in December 2013 for the spring 2014 term are therefore included on the 1098-T. Payments made in December 2012 for the spring 2013 term are not included. Credit hours taken in the spring term 2014 and paid for by December 31, 2013 do not count toward half-time eligibility for 2013 because the academic term did not start in calendar year 2013.
Students who receive 1098 statements and have questions or concerns should contact the cashier’s office at 540-857-6315 or by email to pcunningham@virginiawestern.eduSelect a different country:
Abhaipur To Athmal Gola Trains
More About - Abhaipur To Athmal Gola Trains
If you’re planning to travel from Abhaipur to Athmal Gola , here’s a list of trains that you can choose from! Trains that run on this route are Sealdah Varanasi Express, Sahibganj intercity Express and etc. There are various stations from where you can catch these trains. These are Abhaipur. Time taken by different trains is approximately 2 hrs 50 mins to 2 hours 48 mins. You can plan your trip according to your choice. Choose train that run on daily basis like Sealdah Varanasi Express or train that run weekly like Sahibganj intercity Express etc. There are different pick up points in Mumbai. These include Abhaipur( like Sealdah Varanasi Express, Sahibganj intercity Express ).Surgery Reference
S-pouch
Saccular aneurysm repair
Sagittal craniectomy
Saphenectomy
Scar repair
Scar revision
Scleral buckling
Sclerotherapy
Scoliosis surgery - child
Segmental breast excision
Segmental mastectomy: Breast conservation therapy or surgery
Septoplasty
Shock wave lithotripsy
Shoulder arthroscopy
Shoulder repair
Shoulder replacement
Shoulder surgery
Shunt - portacaval
Shunt - ventriculoperitoneal
Shunt revision
Sigmoid colectomy
Simple mastectomy
Simple nephrectomy
Simple prostatectomy
Skin autografting
Skin graft
Skin transplant
SLAP repair
Small bowel resection
Small intestine surgery
Solid organ transplant - lung
Spina bifida repair
Spinal and epidural anesthesia
Spinal curvature surgery - child
Spinal dysraphism repair
Spinal fusion
Spinal microdiskectomy
Spine surgery - diskectomy
Spine surgery - foraminotomy
Spine surgery - laminectomy
Spine surgery - spinal fusion
Spleen removal
Spleen removal - laparoscopic
Splenectomy
Split thickness skin graft
Stem cell transplant
Stent
Stereotactic brain biopsy
Stereotactic craniotomy
Stereotactic radiosurgery
Stereotactic radiotherapy
Sterilization surgery - female
Sterilization surgery – male
Stomach tube insertion
Strabismus repair
Strip craniectomy
STSG
Subarachnoid anesthesia
Subcutaneous mastectomy
Subtotal colectomy
Subtotal thyroidectomy
Subtrochanteric fracture repair
Suction curettage
Sunken chest repair
Supracervical hysterectomy
Suprapubic prostatectomy
Surgery - brain
Surgery using a laser
Surgical abortion
Sympathectomy - endoscopic thoracic
Syndactyly repair
Synostectomy
Synovectomy<<Home > Get Involved > Volunteer Groups > Laboratory Health and Safety Committee > Azobisisobutyronitrile Fire Azobisisobutyronitrile Fire Page ContentExplosion and fire occurred in a lab in X Hall. A graduate student was thrown four feet and cracked a rib. Her hair was singed from the fire ball. She was heating dioxane, a flammable solvent, and azobisisobutyronitrile on a hot plate in a glove box when a leak was suspected to have developed in the box. The hot plate’s thermostat probably served as the ignition source. She did not have the SDS for azobisisobutyronitrile and she was unaware that upon heating this chemical produces an acutely toxic chemical, tetramethylsuccinonitrile (TMSN). TMSN is immediately dangerous to life and health (IDLH) at 5 ppm. For comparison, cyanide gas has a IDLH at 25 ppm. Personnel from the Health and Safety Office entered the room to retrieve coats and open the windows not knowing the presence of this chemical. Their selection of personal protective clothing was insufficient to protect them from the TMSN. Both became ill from exposures. Description of Incident The experiment involved heating 300 mL of dioxane, 30 grams of N-isopropylacrylamide, and 6.24 grams of azobisiosobutyronitrile ("VAZO" 64) in an inert atmosphere, on a hot plate. Early in the experiment the student suspected there might be an air leak because the gloves which normally were inflated were sagging. The graduate student spilled approximately ten mL. Working within the gloves, she wiped up the spill with some paper toweling. Suddenly, with no warning, the reaction exploded and threw her three to four feet into the bench behind her. Another student phoned Security and the Environmental Health & Safety office. He evacuated the hallway and all the adjacent labs, grabbing the book of MSDSs before leaving. She informed the Health and Safety Office of only three of the four chemicals that were involved in the incident. The company had never sent her a MSDS for "VAZO". She was visibly shaken and her eyelashes and hair was singed. The Health and Safety Office recommended that she shower, change clothes, and get a medical examination. The weather was freezing and students were requesting their coats, laptop computers and other belongings from the affected area. An employee from The Health and Safety Office entered the lab with a half face respirator with organic vapor cartridges to shut down the experiment, retrieve personal items, and open windows. The Health and Safety Office found that many of the windows which had been designed to open were sealed shut. After about 20 minutes, a pane of glass was broken for ventilation. An emergency response team from X was called after several hours to appraise the situation because of the persistent smell. The emergency response team wore Self Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA). Neither student experienced any chemical exposure symptoms, although both were examined by physicians. The student involved in the explosion did crack a rib as a result of her impact with the counter. The next day the student was interviewed again. She informed the Health and Safety Office of the chemical she neglected to mention the day before. The missing chemical was the azobisiosobutyronitrile or "VAZO" 64. She thought it was causing the residual smell in the room. Researching the chemical, The Health and Safety Office discovered that upon heating the "VAZO" readily converts to Tetramethylsuccinonitrile, an odorless chemical that is highly toxic and can be fatal in very small doses. Concentrations of Tetramethylsuccinonitrile are Immediately Dangerous to Life and Health (IDLH) at five ppm. [For reference NIOSH lists Sodium Cyanide, gas, at 25 ppm, both by inhalation.] Both health and safety office personnel who had entered the room experienced temporary symptoms from exposure to the Tetramethylsuccinonitrile that had penetrated their cartridges. Conclusions The heating of flammable solvents should be done so as to avoid any contact with ignition sources. An explosion proof hot plate is recommended for future experiments. The glove box is unsuitable for the use of flammable liquids due to the factory installed electrical outlets. Due to the air leak, all the elements were present for the fire ball that resulted. Students should have researched each of the reactants and had a thorough understanding of their properties and decomposition products. The Health and Safety Office should not have entered an area that has an unknown atmosphere. Students possession should never have been taken from the room without being decontaminated. These items were collected for cleaning. Recommendations In the future, an explosion proof hot-plate and a non-electric balance should be used. The glove box manufacturer should be contacted and asked if the box is acceptable for use with flammable solvents. A written standard operating procedure (SOP), that includes safety procedures, should be developed. The SOP should demonstrate a thorough understanding of all chemicals involved. SOPs should be reviewed by students and supervisors. Provide closer supervision of graduate students. After incidents similar to this one the contents of the room should stay undisturbed until a thorough evaluation is completed. No chemical should be used until the MSDS is obtained and reviewed.Feb 15, 2013
On Assignment for WSJ
New York Photos of the Week, February 9th – February 15th
In this week’s photos from around New York, dogs take the spotlight at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show, designers show their collections at New York Fashion Week and unpredictable weather patterns blow into the city.
A women grooms her dog at the 2013 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in Manhattan. Photographer Philip Montgomery went behind-the-scenes at the show for a unique take on the annual parade of pedigree pooches. (Philip Montgomery for The Wall Street Journal)
Peter J. Ganci lll shares a moment with his son Peter J. Ganci IV after receiving his promotion to Lieutenant at a ceremony in Long Island City on Thursday. (Joel Cairo for the Wall Street Journal)
Designer Elie Tahari’s staff act as stand-ins for models on Sunday at an installation for his Urban Winter collection. The presentation took place in a Manhattan building vault, turned into a winter sculpture garden by architect Gisela Stromeyer. (Natalie Keyssar for The Wall Street Journal)
Filmmaker and actor Alex Karpovsky poses for a portrait on the roof of the Tribeca Film offices. Two films that he co-wrote, directed and stars in are making their debuts at the Elinor Bunin Munroe Theater. (Daniella Zalcman for The Wall Street Journal)
An SUV jumped the curb and struck Saks Fifth Avenue Tuesday morning, leaving an 89-year old fighting for his life. Related story. (Matthew Craig for The Wall Street Journal)
Members of the Afghan youth orchestra are pictured during a rehearsal in Scarsdale, in preparation for an appearance at Carnegie Hall. (PJ Smith for The Wall Street Journal)
Winter storm Nemo brought heavy winds and snow into Manhattan last weekend. Recent weather patterns have made it difficult for forecasters to map out upcoming weather. (Kevin Hagen for The Wall Street Journal).’ (Kevin Hagen for The Wall Street Journal)
The Black Forest float available at the Skylight Shoppe in Manhattan. The Skylight Shoppe evokes a 1950s-era diner with an affordable menu of comfort foods. (Byron Smith for The Wall Street Journal)
The chilled Lobster Salad with avocado, greens and a shallot vinaigrette at the Sea Fire Grill in Manhattan. The upscale Midtown restaurant, with its fireplace and dark wood wine racks, has a particularly vast salad menu. (Stephen Yang for The Wall Street Journal)
Valerie Steele, curator, and director of the Museum at the Fashion Institute of Technology, is pictured. At the museum, Ms. Steele has assembled shows based on straightforward aesthetics and learned themes. (Daniella Zalcman for The Wall Street Journal)
Officers gathered behind the turnstiles after a woman fell onto the tracks and was struck by a New Lots-bound 3 train at the Utica Avenue station in Brooklyn on Tuesday. (Kevin Hagen for The Wall Street Journal)
Musician William Parker is photographed at his East Village apartment on Monday. The multi-faceted Bronx-born bassist has recorded 38 albums as a leader in settings ranging from solo bass to big bands and has published books of poetry about music. (Philip Montgomery for The Wall Street Journal). (Andrew David White for The Wall Street Journal)
Two competing dogs rub noses on Monday, shortly before stepping out onto the main arena at Madison Square Garden during the first day of competitions for the 2013 Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show. (Philip Montgomery for The Wall Street Journal)
A small boy walks with his Valentines Day balloon in Sunnyside, Queens, on Thursday. Valentines Day brings brisk business to the Manhattan City Clerk’s office each year and its shop CityStore, which sells flowers, emergency bowties and fascinators. (Joel Cairo for the Wall Street Journal)
Nicole Scherzinger Goes Without Underwear in Skintight, Sheer Catsuit: Picture
Going commando! Nicole Scherzinger is the latest celeb to go without underwear -- hitting London eatery Sushi Samba on Tuesday, Nov. 12 in a lacy, metallic catsuit that left little to the imagination.
PHOTOS: Stars without underwear
The singer's sexy Julien Macdonald jumpsuit featured a fishnet, cutout side panel that fell from her ribcage down to her ankles. Paired with black pumps, the former Pussycat Doll's daring one-piece exposed her incredibly toned figure and lean legs.
PHOTOS: Best girl groups of all time
Partying with fashion designer MacDonald (the creator behind the catsuit) and Nick Grimshaw, Scherzinger, 35, looked happy as she danced and mingle -- with on-an-off love Lewis Hamilton nowhere in sight. In a new interview, Scherzinger insisted to British paper The Sun that she and the Formula One driver are now "just friends."
PHOTOS: Most controversial dresses of all time
As previously reported by Us Weekly, the former flames ended their rocky, on-and-off again relationship in July after five years together. Rumors of reconciliation started swirling in October after Scherzinger, and Hamilton were spotted together at a London hotel. "We just, um, met up to speak that night. That's all," Scherzinger explained in her Tuesday chat with The Sun.
PHOTOS: Biggest splits of the year so far
Currently single or not, the "I Hate This Part" singer admitted to the paper that a reconciliation is still on the table. "I hope so. I would love that," she said. "But whatever the future holds, I don't rule anything out," she said. "I also don't have any regrets."Finland Makes 1Mbps Internet Connection A Legal Right - So What?
Fin.
Is this English version the same as the Finnish one?
Yes, that's the one.
So why not link to it?
It wasn't online yesterday. It was put up a little over 2 hours ago and the blog post was put online yesterday. We'll probably update the post though.
Oh? I had no idea. Sorry for my trollish behaviour.
The easiest way is to build your own internet connection like we did here in Finland. If we wait what The Finnish Ministry of Transport and Communication will do in Finland then we will wait........for a long time.
Better to have an open net like
During the weekend I have been reading many comments regarding this, this issue really created a huge buzz (most of it misunderstood, though) around the world... one of the best comments so far:
"...Finland isn't the first country to establish Internet access as a legal right (it was Switzerland in 2006) they just have done the best marketing campaign to say it..."
From Wikipedia:
"EDGE can carry a bandwidth up to 236.8 kbit/s (with end-to-end latency of less than 150 ms) for 4 timeslots (theoretical maximum is 473.6 kbit/s for 8 timeslots) in packet mode. -- Evolved EDGE is a bolt-on extension to the GSM mobile telephony standard, which extends the previous EDGE upgrade to achieve potential speeds of up to 1 Mbit/s. As of 2009, there are no commercial networks or mobile phones which support Evolved EDGE standard."
Jaakko, that's an interesting point. I read it from the Finnish version of the press release that while they aim for 1Mbps connections, the operators must be able to guarantee a 75% speed during a 24h time period. Seems that according to your findings, this isn't possible with mobile internet connections.
Looking at the history of telecoms this is hardly revolutionary. Universal service funds have been around for long in traditional wired voice and telcos have been mandated to contribute to such funds. The funds then have been used for cross subsidies to providing services to areas that it wouldn't otherwise be economical to serve. In many ways these broadband initiatives are just a rehash tried and true practices to achieve universal service.
[...] Originally Posted by Vignesh Iyers I have heard that in Finland 1Mbps connection is a legal right! Here even for half of that we have to pay through our noses. ya, i too have heard this........ Finland Makes 1Mbps Internet Connection A Legal Right – So What? [...]IPL 2015
Knock, knock! Never got there
May 18, 2015 The most IPL matches without making it to the playoffs
IPL 2015
May 18, 2015 The most IPL matches without making it to the playoffs
IPL 2015
Apr 14, 2015
IPL 2013
May 23, 2013 An analysis of how the teams performed in the league phase of IPL 2013, and the players who shaped those performances
Pune Warriors 2013 review
May 20, 2013 For the third year in a row, Warriors were nowhere in the running for a place in the playoffs
Pune v Delhi, IPL 2013, Pune
May 19, 2013 Plays of the day from the IPL game between Pune Warriors and Delhi Daredevils in Pune
Kolkata v Pune, IPL 2013, Ranchi
May 15, 2013 He was given out obstructing the field, but there was much more the umpire would have had to consider while making the decision than Yusuf kicking the ball
Kolkata v Pune, IPL 2013, Ranchi
May 15, 2013 Plays of the day from the match between Kolkata Knight Riders and Pune Warriors in Ranchi
Pune v Mumbai, IPL 2013, Pune
May 11, 2013 Pune Warriors have been listless with the bat and on the field, but where does the franchise go from here?
Pune v Mumbai, IPL 2013, Pune
May 11, 2013 Plays of the day from the IPL match between Pune Warriors and Mumbai Indians in Pune
May 10, 2013 Stats confirm that the last overs of IPL 2013 have been more productive than in previous seasons, and batsmen have finally come into their own after a sluggish start“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.”– Mark Twain
Being a solo backpacker is always challenging. Without friends, without families, who always taking care of you if something wrong happen to you. But it could be a lifetime experience that you always can remember. This is my first time experience traveling alone. I give it a try from Lombok to Gili Trawangan island by myself. My host family who live in Praya, Central Lombok (where most of I time I do my research there) always worry about me and they offer me someone to come with me. But, I refused. This map below will explain my start point (Praya, Central Lombok) until my destination to Gili Trawangan island. And you should notice that I’m from West Java, not from Lombok. I only did a little bit research before I decided to go to Gili Trawangan.
So, I leave in February 6 at 9 o’ clock from Praya Terminal (A). There is absolutely no transportation from here to Bangsal Harbor (D), so I have to take a mini-bus to Mataram first (B). The mini-bus to Mataram is in white color and it’s so lame and takes time. If by motorcycle you would spent 45 minutes, by mini-bus, it could take 75 minutes because the driver always waiting for passengers until the car is in full capacity. Most people use this transportation to go to the market, so don’t be surprise if the car will full of stuff (boxes, sacks, chickens, eggs, etc.). I was fine with it as long I sit near window. Oh by the way, from Praya to Mataram cost you Rp10,000 (US$1 = Rp9,000)
After I arrived in Mandalika Terminal in Mataram (B), I took green mini-bus to go to Bangsal Port (D). There is no direct transport to Bangsal Port (D), so you have to stop in Pemenang (C). It cost me Rp15,000. Same with the white one, it’s lame and it took me 90 minutes to get to Pemenang. One more thing, the mini-bus pass trough mountainous roads and I saw a lot of breathtaking view from my window. There also a lot of monkeys along the road!
I took off in front of Bangsal Port gate, and I took a walk to the port. It was 15 minutes walk, but you can get by a horse-cart or motorcycle taxi (“ojek”) if you want. And here is the view from the port:
Okay, so people in the port can be very annoying, they will offering you a lot of stuffs: hat, sunglasses, fast boat to Gili, food, etc. Well I think it happen in most touristic area. But, the most annoying part is: they thought me I’m a foreigner! So all price is over-rated than normal! That’s not cool! Before I got in to the counter, someone offer me a public boat ticket to Gili Trawangan and he said Rp20,000 in english. I know the public boat to Gili Trawangan only cost Rp10,000 rupiahs, I read it on the price list on the counter. I told her that I’m local, I’m not foreigner, and I’m not stupid. So I move to the counter and buy the official ticket from a nice lady there. The government officially put the ticket price list for public boat like this:
Bangsal – Gili Air Rp6,000 | Bangsal – Gili Meno Rp8,000 | Bangsal – Gili Trawangan Rp10,000
But, if you traveling in group (more than 20), you can charter a boat and it’s cheaper than buying individual ticket. I paid Rp10,000 to go to Gili Trawangan and wait for a boat, I thought it’s a nice boat but then…
You might want to protect your electronic device and everything that not waterproof. The waves could gone really crazy and it was crazy when I got onboard! Salt water splashed to almost everyone. But it was a fun!! I enjoyed it. When the boat goes fast, I feel great, but when the boat goes slower, I feel sick. Sea sick. Ugh and I hate it! Anyway, I really enjoy stunning view from the boat!
It took me 45 minutes to get to Gili Trawangan island. When I got off from the boat, I feel so sick. But then, wait what?! ATM! Right on my face! Yes, after you got off from the boat, you will see two different ATMs not far from the port. Then, I off to get some lunch. Every step I took, most of people offer me lodging, food, diving service, bike service. I don’t want to make quick decision especially for lodging. I need lunch first because it was already past 12. Food prices in Gili Trawangan are vary. You should always check the other places before you buy something. I eat mixed rice (Nasi Campur) for Rp15,000 but not far from there (about 50 meters), the mixed rice is only Rp10,000. Mineral water price also may vary. For 600 ml, the cheapest one I found is Rp3,000, for 1.5 litre, the cheapest one is Rp5,000.
After lunch, I took a walk around the island by foot. If you’re too lazy, you could rent a bike or get on horse-cart. But I would recommend walking or rent a bike. I don’t think you can stop by to take photos or enjoy the beach if you’re on a horse-cart. Here are some photos I took when I walk around the island:
This is the first part of my story, the next part I would like to tell you about my experience walking around this island, how I can get a cheap place for stay, how I bumped my knee on coral reef when I snorkeling, how I interact with locals and visitors, accidentally got involved in a drama at Beach Combers, avoiding drugs offer, and how I deal with some foreigners who got drunk really badly because “magic mushroom”, etc.
Pingback: Lost in Gili Trawangan: A solo backpacking experience [Part 2] « Whatever-I-Said
Pingback: Lost in Gili Trawangan: A solo backpacking experience [Part 3] « Whatever-I-Said
i read all of the Gili trawangan story, and it is good, very good story. reading yours make me want to go there again haha
Pingback: Lost in Gili Trawangan: A solo backpacking experience [Part 4: Final] « Whatever-I-Said
Wow those pictures look awesome! Thanks for writing about Gili Trawangan. This is such a great article :) Anyway, if you need more reference about Indonesia maybe you can also visit, I also read some informative articles there. I hope it could be useful for you too.Corel snaps up Jasc
Digging deeper into digital imaging
Corel has acquired Jasc software, the company responsible for the Paint Shop software range, for an undisclosed sum. The company indicated the deal was the start of a new growth strategy, saying that other acquisition deals are "on the horizon".
Corel will add the Paint Shop Pro, Paint Shop Pro Studio and Paint Shop Photo Album products to its portfolio, and says it will invest in the R&D needed to create the next generation of the Paint Shop software. Amish Mehta will stay on as CEO, and several members of the Jasc senior management team will join Corel. He commented: "The Paint Shop family gives us strong entry level graphics and imaging software products that will help Corel capture millions of new customers."
The acquisition, which will officially close at the end of this month (October) means the company now has around 60m customers. It takes Corel further into the consumer imaging space, a market for which analysts predict a very rosy future. Globally, sales of consumer digital cameras are expected to grow at an annual rate of 20 per cent, and over half (55 per cent) of those sales will be accompanied by the sale of digital imaging software, according to InfoTrends research.
Corel was taken back into private ownership in 2003, when it was bought out by San Francisco-based venture capitalists, Vector Capital Group. ®
Related stories
Kodak blames digital cameras for jobs cull
Hewlett-Packard: a wannabe Kodak?
Adobe proposes universal digicam 'raw' image format
Sponsored: Transform Your IT InfrastructureFirst quarter GDP report disappoints
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. GDP grew at an annual pace of 2.5 percent in the first quarter, falling short of the 2.8 percent that economists predicted and disappointing investors. But should we be feeling so pessimistic about the report?
"We set up a lot of false expectations for ourselves before an announcement like GDP," said the Guardian's Heidi Moore. "Two-point-five percent is significantly better than what we had at the end of last year, which was a meager 0.4 percent -- we really thought we were on the edge of recession."
"However, there are other measures that we should be looking at. For instance, one of the reasons GDP grew so much was because more consumers are spending. That sounds great, but what we know is, right now consumers are spending by borrowing, so they're just adding to their credit card debt."
"It's better than we had before," said the Wall Street Journal's Sudeep Reddy. "But the thing is, there's so many technical factors that lead to the choppiness between every quarter."
Reddy broke it down even further.
"If you look at where we are over the course of a year, we've been basically growing 2 percent, which is what we've done in 2010, 2011, 2012...If you look back at it, we're at this depressingly slow pace of growth and we're probably going to remain there for a little while longer before we have much of a chance of an upturn into the 3 to 4 percent growth that will actually signal a clear, strong recovery."
Listen to the full audio above for more analysis.
#Longreads
The Weekly Wrappers offers their #longreads suggestions for the weekend.
Heidi Moore writes:
- A week after the Boston attacks, we're still combing through what we know, and there's been a lot of self-punishment by the media on getting things wrong in the heat of reporting. This New York Times story makes a good point that even authorities get things wrong, and feed that information to reporters. It's a good reminder that we should be slowing down the news cycle for no other reason that often, in a crisis, breaking "news" is not actually news -- it's junk information we'll have to correct later. Journalism is about presenting the world as it is, so we should be asking not just what the experts know, but how they know what they know. Very often, they're guessing.
- One of my longreads is actually embedded in a tweet: an Atlantic article about the case for intervening in Syria. What makes it interesting is that it was retweeted by a division of the State Department, indicating a pretty high-level diplomatic machinery is paying attention. As journalists, we get wrapped up in news that moves fast and forget about news that moves slowly, like the Syrian conflict. This week, I attended the Overseas Press Club awards, which rewards reporters and organizations that do brilliant reporting from war zones; Syria was one of the big themes, and many who had survived the conflict there said it was the worst armed conflict they had seen in decades. Yet, most of us barely even read one story on it a week. It deserves more attention.
- The last read is a great story, also from the Atlantic, about the future of oil. It's well-written and very, very bracing.
Sudeep Reddy suggests:
- Don't try this at home or anywhere else: the science of smuggling cocaine inside a body (as part of the drug trade).
- How Ethiopian farmers ended up with their first trading floor in 2008, shifting the balance of power in commodities trading.
- A Massachusetts doctor is making short films to counter unwanted treatment, "American medicine’s dark continent," and change end-of-life care.
Please log in to post comments.Family Business Programs
The centers listed below represent family business programs that offer either courses, forums, peer groups or family business related programs.
If your family business program is not listed here and you would like it to be, please send your program name and contact information to vfbi@uvm.edu.
Last modified October 22 2013 12:29 PMTreatment Works...People Recover
Local 24/7 Crisis Hotline
Seneca, Sandusky and Wyandot Counties
1-800-826-1306
Programs & Upcoming Trainings
2015 Annual Ohio Promoting Wellness and Recovery Conference: Building Resiliency & Hope through Collective Impact. June 29 - July 2, 2015 Athens, Ohio
Family Matters Program. Every Thursday evening at 6:00pm at 65 St. Francis Avenue, Tiffin, Ohio. Fore more information please contact Rigel Recovery Services at 567-220-7018.
Survivors of Suicide Support Group: 2nd Tuesday of each month, 6-8pm at Community Hospice Care, 181 E. Perry Street, Tiffin, Ohio. Call 419-447-4040 for more info.
Family & Friends Support Group: Firelands Counseling and Recovery Services, 76 Ashwood Road, Tiffin, Ohio. Every Thursday from 6:00pm- 7:30pm. For more information please call Janet Leffler at 419-448-0640
QPR Suicide Prevention Training: one-hour free suicide prevention training for area businesses, schools, organizations and agencies. The course will help people detect suicide warnings signs early and understand how to correctly respond to crisis. For more information call Firelands Counseling and Recovery Services at 419-448-9440
Like us on Facebook!
WHO WE ARE...
The Mental Health and Recovery Services Board of Seneca, Sandusky and Wyandot Counties was created in the early 1970’s.September 23, 2010
Rick Kimbrel
BruinSportsReport.com
UCLA man for all seasons, Nate Chandler showed his grit and character when the Bruins were trailing 35-0 to Stanford. Most of the Bruin faithful had already headed for exits to take on L.A. freeways, but for Chandler he was still playing hard. There is no quit in this young man.The Cardinal had just scored their fifth touchdown of the night and there was Chandler pancaking two Cardinal players on the kickoff return team. You can't help but admire a player who gives his all, no matter the score, no matter the circumstance.One thing you can count on is, Chandler is going to play hard every game. BruinBlitz.com had a chance to talk to Chandler recently after a practice.BruinBlitz.com: I have wanted to talk to you since the Stanford game because even though the score was 35-0, you were fighting. On the kickoff return team, you pancaked two Stanford players. You were still fighting. What is it about you that makes you want to fight to then end even in a blowout? Not everyone does.Chandler: "I feel like you are weak if you give up. I was taught never to give up and even though it was kickoff return and we were down 35-0, I feel like I might as well go out smash somebody, because they were trying to smash us. For the rest of the story, please log onto BruinBlitz.com... ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inOverview
Property Details
4 Bedrooms, 3 Baths, Sleeps 10
Overlooking the red tile roofs of Santa Barbara, Grande Vista offers spectacular 270 degree city and ocean views from 'The American Riviera'. Located on a private lane near the site of the historical and world picturesque Brooks Photographic Institute, magnificent coastal views can be captured from this hilltop location among shady oak canyons.
An air of openness and tranquility is felt from the dramatic stairways of this split level home with soaring ceilings and an abundance of windows capturing the coastal sunlight. The beautiful views encompass not only the city and ocean beyond but also the lovely canyon in which the home is set.
The Living Room on the upper level invites relaxed entertaining with a cozy fireplace and baby grand piano. Sliding doors open to a charming balcony.
The Great Room on the lower level will be a favorite gathering spot, with a wood burning fireplace, dining table for 8 and a full kitchen with seating at a butcher block central island. A Sonos music system adds to the list of amenities. Step out to the terrace with a seating area, barbecue and stairs leading down to the enclosed pool patio below.
The spacious Master Suite with fireplace is located on a private third level. French doors lead to yet another private patio and sunlight streams in from more floor to ceiling windows. A sunny side room has a queen-size futon for added sleeping options. French doors lead to a balcony overlooking the private wooded canyon below. The Master Suite patio is conveniently connected to the Living Room terrace by external stairs.
The spa-like Master Bathroom provides numerous amenities including Thermasol sauna and steam shower, double sinks, Jacuzzi tub, and heated towel racks.
The two bedrooms on the middle level have queen size beds and share a 'Jack and Jill' style bathroom with rain shower head over soaking tub. This side of the home overlooks the seasonal creek under large shady oaks.
The 4th room, with a queen size bed faces the front of the home. French doors in this room open to the entry patio with its tranquil fountain and seating just outside. A convenient hall bathroom with walk-in shower is nearby.
The central hub of the property, with more mesmerizing views, is the enclosed pool terrace. A built-in hot tub connected to the sparkling salt water pool will be a favorite relaxing spot after a long day of shopping along State Street or hiking one of the many local trails nearby.
The hidden treasure of this unique hillside property is the proximity to a seasonal creek canyon full of native flora and delightful aromas. Under shady oaks, several terraced stone patios have been carved out of the hillside overlooking the creek bed. The main patio with seating area and built-in railing is great for sunset cocktails or after-dinner star gazing. The lower circular terrace is encircled by pine trees and is an especially peaceful place for morning meditations or yoga at dawn.
Any trip to Santa Barbara should include taking the rim drive along Alameda Padre Serra (or APS as locals call it); you can make this home your wonderful little bit of paradise along this world class scenic drive. Get ready to relax and enjoy, because Grande Vista makes it easy to do both! Please note that there is a strict three car maximum at this property..
Recent Review
Amazing Property Inside and Out
The views are like nothing we have seen in Santa Barbara - no obstructions and almost 270 degrees. The whole family loved the salt water heater pool.
Really special property and experience.
Sincerely,
Linda and Robert DiGregio
About the Owner
Guestbook comments from the manager
(Transcribed from the guestbook at the property)
Thanks so much for renting our your lovely home! We had a beautiful week- Thanksgiving included! The Sunsets are the best! You have quite the spot here!
16 Reviews
4.1 based on 16 traveler reviews
Amazing Property Inside and Out
The views are like nothing we have seen in Santa Barbara - no obstructions and almost 270 degrees. The whole family loved the salt water heater pool.
Really special property and experience.
Sincerely,
Linda and Robert DiGregio
Amazing
The views are like nothing we have seen in Santa Barbara - no obstructions and almost 270 degrees. The whole family loved the salt water heater pool.
Really special property and experience.
Sincerely,
Linda and Robert DiGregio
-The TurnKey VR Team
Great family retreat
Great Family Retreat
The property manager was very helpful.
The vacation rental was spotless.
I was very happy with the location.
I was more than satisfied with the condition of the vacation rental.
Overall, I recommend this vacation rental.
Reviewer Comments:
First, the views throughout the home are gorgeous. You can see sunsets and sunrises. With the pool table, games, and outdoor fire pit, pool and jacuzzi, we could have stayed in the house all week and had a great time. The location is great and the decor is lovely. The telescope did not work and the kitchen equipment could use some updating, but overall this house is a gem.
Nice Location- a little worn
AWESOME HOUSE!
The property manager was very helpful.
The vacation rental was spotless.
I was very happy with the location.
I was very satisfied with the condition of the vacation rental.
Overall, I recommend this vacation rental.
Reviewer Comments:
We had a group stay for a wedding in Santa Barbara and it was a terrific experience. The house was beautiful, clean and all instructions for checking in and working everything was spot on. Check in and check out was a breeze. Did I mention this home is wonderful? Amazing views, good privacy, very well kept.
Location
Activity and Interests
Mission, Courthouse, Beach, Zoo, Art Museums, Galleries, Natural History Museum, Botanical Garden, Parks, Wharf, Harbor, Biking (road and mountain), Beach Volleyball, Walking, Golf, Sailing, Surfing, Stand-Up Paddleboarding, Snorkeling, Scuba Diving, Hiking, Hunting, Fishing (lake and ocean), Swimming, Tennis, Horseback riding, Windsurfing, Paragliding, Rollerblading,Wine Tasting, Shopping, Sight Seeing, Channel Island Tours, Whale watching, Antiquing, Bird Watching.
Availability.
- 12
- Available arrival
- 12
- Available stay (no check-in)
- 12
- Unavailable
Amenities
Property Type
- house
General
- Clothes Dryer
- Fireplace
- Internet
- Iron & Board
- Washing Machine
Kitchen
- Coffee Maker
- Dishes & Utensils
- Dishwasher
- Kitchen
- Microwave
- Refrigerator
- Toaster
Entertainment
- DVD Player
- Satellite / Cable
Pool / Spa
- Hot Tub
- Private Pool
Suitability
- non smoking only
- pets not allowed
Attractions
- arboretum
- botanical garden
- cinemas
- live theater
- recreation center
- zoo
Local Services & Businesses
- ATM/bank
- fitness center
- groceries
- medical services
Sports & Adventure Activities
- golf
Floor Area
- 3000 sq. ft.
Bathrooms
-
- 3 Bathrooms
- Master Bathroom w/Walk-in steam shower,spa tub, sauna; #2 Jack and Jill Bathroom w/Shower-tub combination w/rain head and hand-held sprayer; #3 Hall Bath w/walk-in shower, sink, toilet,
Bedrooms
- 4 Bedrooms, Sleeps 10
- 1 King bed, 3 Queen beds, 1 Other bed
Outside
- Balcony
- Deck / Patio
- Outdoor Grill
Notes:
- 4 burner Stove; Refrigerator/Freezer/Ice maker; Oven; Dishwasher; Prep sink; Microwave; Toaster, Convection Toaster Oven; Blender; Coffee maker, coffee grinder; Spices, cooking utensils fully equipped, Dining Room seats 8; Upper terrace seats 4; Side patio seats 2; Kitchen seats 3,Living Room w/fireplace, baby grand piano, wet bar, telescope, views; Family Room w/fireplace, views, Sonos Music System ; 56' flat screen TV w/DVR/DVD/CD/Ipod dock (Family Room); 45' flat sscreen TV w/DVR/DVVD (Master ); 30'TV w/VHS (Bedroom #3); Puzzles, Games, DVD's, Books.Spray paint a cheap white fan. DIY cute vintage look. Also perfect for a stuffy dorm! Sprays Painting, Cheap Fans, Dorm Room, Diy Crafts, Girls Room, White Fans, Cheap White, Spray Painting, Painting Fans
Genius Colorful Fan Makeover
Related Pins
Spray paint a plain white fan to match your dorm decor. This looks like a Pottery Barn fan, but it could be any color.
Decorating Your Apartment With Pinterest
Such an adorable DIY makeover for old jars! They would be great for tucking gifts inside of too!
spray all of those leftover shells with silver spray paint and you have an expensive looking decorative item
Spray paint cheap wicker baskets to match any decor..I ussed black on baskets and chrome...looks great!
sparkle spray painted branches and put in a vase- cheap and beautiful. great for the winter season
DIY Fan Makeover via Starr Family Blog Love what a can of spray paint can accomplish!! Spray Paint = Rustoleum – Oil Rubbed Bronze
ooh, ooh, oooh!!! (but the spray painted baby doll in the next pic in the article gives me the creeps!) you'll have to follow the link to see what i mean! from craftzine blog.craftzine.co...
10 Spray Paint Tips: what you never knew about spray paint. So good to know! Read before your next project!
Everything you've ever wanted to know about spray paint all in one place! This is a MUST-PIN!..
Newly Elected Members of the Academy
American Honorary Member
Foreign Honorary Members
Writer Ward Just was born in Waukegan, Illinois, in 1935, and educated at Trinity College, Hartford, CT. He has published the following novels: A Soldier of the Revolution, 1970; Stringer, 1974; Nicholson at Large, 1975; A Family Trust, 1978; In the City of Fear, 1982; The American Blues, 1984; The American Ambassador, 1987; Jack Gance, 1989; The Translator, 1991; Ambition & Love, 1994; Echo House, 1997; A Dangerous Friend, 1999; The Weather in Berlin, 2002; An Unfinished Season, 2004; Forgetfulness, 2006; Exiles In The Garden, 2009; and Rodin’s Debutante, 2011.
Artist Richard Tuttle was born in Rahway, New Jersey, in 1941, and educated at Trinity College, Hartford, CT. He has had recent solo exhibitions at The Drawing Center, New York, NY, 2004; San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, 2005; Des Moines Art Center, 2005; Dallas Museum of Art, 2006; Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, 2007; Museum of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles, 2007; Anthony Meier Fine Arts, San Francisco, 2005; Brooke Alexander, New York, NY, 2005; Nyehaus, New York, NY, 2006; FRAC, Auvergne, France, 2006; Domaine de Kerguehennec, Bignan, France, 2006; FRAC, Haute Normandie, Sotteville les Rouen, France, 2006; Jurgen Becker, Hamburg, 2006; Tomio Koyama Gallery, Tokyo, 2007; Galleri Nicolai Wallner, Copenhagen, Denmark, 2007; and Annemarie Verna Gallery, Zurich, Switzerland, 2008.
Artist Terry Winters was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1949, and educated at Pratt Institute. He has had recent solo exhibitions at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, NY, 2001; White Cube 2, London, UK, 2002; Addison Gallery of American Art, Andover, MA, 2004; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, TX, 2004; Schick Art Gallery, Skidmore College, Saratoga Springs, NY, 2007; Irish Museum of Modern Art, Dublin, 2009; Jablonka Galerie Böhm Chapel, Hürth, Germany, 2010; and Patrick De Brock Gallery, Knokke-Zoute, Belgium, 2008, 2012.
Press Contact: Jane E. Bolster, jbolster AT artsandletters.org, (212) 368-5900Someone said: I can recharge rs44 3g net 120 mins simply dail *150*44# its really works ... please like this comment my frnds
Someone said: hello sir,,,i recharged my no. with net pack 98 rupees...but i get only 2000mb,,,while it should be 20000mb...my mobile no.9418836030 nd ref. no.961772958...plss do something for my convinence..i shall be thankful, from....Rupesh
tonysharma171072 said: you must be having 3g sim purchase 2g sim and then recharge
Someone said: sir i have recharge with this message bt i did nt get any confirmation message what should i do
Someone said: *123*amount#
Q'S & A'S
ASKMEFAST ON FACEBOOK
AskMeFast.com
Like us to stay up to date
with the AskMeFast community and
connect with other members.
LATEST ACTIVITY
April 21, 2006 at 3:28 am 3 comments
Moved.
This site has moved to
I like worpress.com, but it's just not customizable enough for my needs.
April 20, 2006 at 11:36 am Leave a comment
Feedburner Outage
Apparently Feedburner is experiencing Technical Difficulties: Forum Topic
technorati tags: feedburner, feeds, technology, outage,
April 19, 2006 at 9:43 pm Leave a comment
Feed-to-Email
Today, I posted a couple comments on TechCrunch (1, 2) on "FeedBurner Will Dominate Blog-to-Email". I found myself surprisingly opinionated about the topic. That's because I used Netvibes, Gmail, Rssfwd and iTunes to manage feeds – that's right, 4 different apps/services – and that's pretty ridiculous. You'd think with so many great services that if I clicked on a feed like this one, it would automatically do something cool like, say ask me what I want to do with it. Something like, "Would you like to subscribe to this site?" would be nice.
Instead, I get something like this:
I know, I know… If I had a desktop feed reader installed, it would know what to do with it (maybe).
My point is in 3 parts:
- I don't want a desktop feed reader.
- My Mom doesn't know what a "feed" is.
- The feed icon/button (
) is probably the most useless and ineffective thing on the Internet you can click. You click it and then you get a bunch of garbage.
How can we fix this? I proposed in my first comment that perhaps an extension or application would be an effective in helping more people use feeds. I think it would be especially nice if a browser like Flock could build this functionality into it's interface. I click the feed icon, the browser asks me "Do you want a subscription to this site?", I say "Yes", it asks me "Would you like the entries from this site sent to you via email?" or offers to add it to my preferred online/desktop/Outlook feed reader (which can be pre-set).
If something like this exists, please email me.
April 19, 2006 at 8:27 pm 8 comments
Recent CommentsWelcome The Rain
0 (0 Likes / 0 Dislikes)
Ominous charcoal clouds roll in from the east. Blackness envelops the sky. What begins as a single drop develops into a steady, rhythmic pat pat pat Welcome the Rain Suddenly, the skies open up and a downpour of rain saturates the thirsty earth... A businessman lets out an angry sigh, knowing that traffic will be slow he thinks. Why me? Why today? Just tell me why? Outside of town, a farmer scans the horizon as the storm begings to roll in. With joy and celebration he calls out, We are blessed! At last, this drought will end! Life is what you choose to make of it. When your rain comes... Will you choose to be the businessman or the farmer? Welcome the Rain Welcome Adversity Erik Weihenmayer... has climbed the highest peaks on each of the seven continents. runs marathons. paraglides. cycles. Welcome Adversity One last note: Erik is blind. Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen and make strong. Problems are to the mind what exercise is to the muscles, they toughen and make strong. --Norman Vincent Peale Welcome Challenges. In 1914, Thomas Edison's laboratory caught on fire. As his life's work went up in flames, instead of being heartbroken, he called out. Welcome Challenges. "We'll build bigger and better on the ruins." Accept the challenges so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory. --General George S. Patton Welcome Controversy On December 1st 1955, Rosa Parks refused to give up her bus seat. Her decision led to the end of legal segregation in America... The greatest power a person possesses is the power to choose. --J. Martin Kohe When you choose to see beyond life's storms, A new perspective you will gain. Since you will only find your rainbow After you... Welcome the Rain
Video Details
Duration: 3 minutes and 6 seconds
Country: United States
Genre: Video Podcast
Views: 191
Posted by: ivanacroxcatto on Sep 14, 2011
Short inspiration film --Life is what we make of it.Currency Converter
Enter amount in full numerical value, without currency symbol or commas (ex: 3000000).
Upcoming Conferences and Events
SBD Global/June 27, 2012/People and Pop Culture
Golf Agent Chandler Talks About McIlroy, Agents And Being 'An Honest Bloke'
Published June 27, 2012
STYLE POINTS: Chandler said the “one thing I try to implore on a player is it’s all about us trying to help them reach their goal” and because he played, that is a “comfort to a player when he knows at the other end he’s got somebody that understands what he’s going through.” Feherty added, “Somebody that cares about him, not just a number on spreadsheet which is what you become with some of the larger management firms.” Chandler: “And it’s not all about cash. The cash can come later. You explain to a guy, ‘This deal’s bigger than that deal, but if we take this deal it’s better for your game and in three years time you might have won a couple of majors.’ That’s the way I try and play it, rather than say it’s all about trying to make some dollars now.” Feherty noted, “The common thread here is there’s a personable aspect to everything that you’ve done that’s come from not so much word-of-mouth, but actions. People have seen who you are.”
TOUR INFLUENCE: Chandler was asked how much influence he has on his clients' schedule, and he said, “The idea that I don’t like the PGA Tour is just ridiculous because the guys are trying to play here as much as they can. What they’re trying to do is be able to play everywhere and play the best tournaments if they can.” Feherty said also “make money if you’re being paid an appearance fee somewhere.” But Chandler asserted “it’s never my decision that, ‘You won’t play here and you must play there.’ It’s always the player’s decision.” Chandler said of his legacy, “If people remember me, he was an honest bloke who did his best and his players seemed to sort of react to that” (“Feherty,” Golf Channel, 6/25).I’m Ansuya and welcome to my space in the inter-verse. This is where you will find things about me, made by me and done by me.
I act. I write. I act in things I write. Sometimes I direct too. But I have yet to do all three at once. I podcast weekly for Australians in Film. I make a mean cup of tea. Oh, and I can sing like Elvis.
I live in Los Angeles – I know, riiiiiiight!?! I get restless if I don’t use my passport every six months. I love words. I think in images. The sea air calms my soul. Great stories excite it.
My Dear Americans, a short film I am in, which premiered at the LA Film Festival last year, won the audience award for the PBS Online Film Festival. Check it out! If you are not in the US, you can see it here on You Tube, instead.
And here’s a short teaser trailer thingy on Funny or Die I made. It’s for a tv show idea I’m developing for Australia and includes cameos from my more famous friends.
Enough about me… Tell me about YOU!This month’s security bulletins underscore the need for multiple layers of protection or “in-depth” security. In all four of the bulletins released today, a firewall can mitigate or be used as a workaround for the vulnerability.
In MS11-083 for example the recommendation is to block unneeded UDP packets at the firewall. Do not rely on just the OS. If you have an intrusion detection system, it could watch for streams of UDP packets to a closed port.
Block SMB traffic to mitigate the vulnerability described in MS11-084 to help prevent a DoS attack on workstations and Terminal Servers.
As Microsoft indicates, "Best practices recommend that systems that are connected to the Internet have a minimal number of ports exposed" Don’t rely only on the last point of entry, the Windows Operating System, but include a perimeter firewall.
MS11-086 is interesting to all using AD Services. A vulnerability exists where users with a previously revoked certificate can still authenticate to the Active Directory domain. To prevent this, remove or disable the user account on the domain that was subject to the revoked certificate.
For all of these we recommend patching after appropriate testing.
.Five camera, fully edited video documenting the outdoor concert on Tompkins Square Park 2001, marking the 13th anniversary of the shameful police riot. (1 hr)
More Team Spider CD's and Specials - Click here.
You can use
to purchase our merch using a credit card or checking account. Email
us if you have problems or questions about purchasing stuff.
Click here to find out what the newspapers say happened at Cracktoberfest 2004.
You can donate to Team SpiderMasud Rana
Link Builder, SEO , Off page Optimization, Keyword research facebook
SEO Professional (Search Engine Optimizer) with 5+ years of experience. I will fulfill your search engine optimization goals using best proven SEO white hat methods and link building tactics, combined with innovative white hat SEO strategy to help your site rank higher in all the major search engines. As a Virtual Assistant (VA).
I can also assist in various tasks like internet research, typing, ecommerce product additions, data entry. As an SEO Manager I will manage and maintain keyword rankin…
Masud Rana has added 6 portfolio pieces. Create an account to review them.
Work History & Feedback
Advertising and promotion“Great work done highly reccomanded”
on site seoNo feedback given
SkuFlix social mediaNo feedback given
–Date of Stay: July, 2013
Beautiful campgrounds and stunning scenery. Excellent views of the mountains. Just minutes from town. Quiet and very well maintained. More than helpful staff. Would stay here anytime.
Date of Stay: June, 2013
What a community oriented place! Lot's to do and see in Colorado Springs but you could also just hang out at the RV Park and have a really good time. BBQ dinner for purchase was over priced for what we got and it smelled better than it tasted. The ribs were tough. Great staff serving the pancake breakfast. Would definitely stay here again.
Date of Stay: June, 2013
We chose this resort based upon the many positive reviews on this site. We were not disappointed. Beautiful, clean, friendly, and fun! The staff was professional and treated us like family. We definitely recommend this resort and hope to visit again.Linda Cooper
22504 people in the U.S. have this name.
Find Linda Cooper’s Address, Phone Number, and Email
Select a state or city to narrow your search.
Top States with Linda Cooper
California
2055
North Carolina
855
Top Cities with Linda Cooper
Chicago, IL
81
Houston, TX
50
Brooklyn, NY
40
Detroit, MI
38
Fun Fact
Did you know...
Facts about Linda Cooper
- A recent poll documented that 22504 Linda Coopers are living within the 50 American states.
- FL contains the biggest number of Linda Coopers coming in at a total of 2065.
- In America Linda Cooper is the 3764 highest ranking name.
- 59 Linda Coopers are regularly encountered for every 10,000 square miles.
- The name Linda Cooper has a total of 11544 email addresses and 72665 phone numbers.
- Lynda, Lynn, Lynna, Lynne, and Lynnette are aliases for Linda.We're 1,123 Wednesday Movers and Shakers
We're 181 Sweat-Workers
We're 39 Primies
We're 6,233 Professionals
We're 1,954 PROFESSIONALS
We're 3,279 Boredom Crashers
We're 1,030 Couples
We're 2,406 Yuppies
We're 847 OTP enthusiasts
We're 1,356 Atlanta Singles
We're 293 Members
We're 259 ProWIN Professional Women
We're 17 Urban Educators
We're 1,384 Professional Singles
We're 58 Young Adults
We're 43 Young Professional & Single
We're 1,797 Young Professionals
We're 41 Members
We're 165 Young Suwanee Area Fun Lovers
We're 29 Members
We're 439 OTPartiers
We're 452 EliteProfessionalsMingling
We're 8,153 Singles!
We're 321 Soulsters
We're 4,340 Atlanta Singles
We're 410 Socialites
We're 160 Fun ladies
We're 1,598 Members
We're 761 Asians
We're 2,091 Members
We're 195 Young Professionals
We're 939 Atlanta Singles
We're 414 Young Professionals
We're 174 YBOAs
We're 243 ladies
We're 679 Future Billionaires
We're 507 Members
We're 1,211 Elite Professional
We're 11 Luxe
We're 210 Social Singles
We're 94 Tastemakers
We're 270 Professional Love seekers
We're 29 Council Members
We're 22 Christian Believers
We're 15 members
We're 256 Foodies
We're 59 Members
We're 107 VIP Party People
We're 6 Members
We're 77 Young Professional Investors
We're 10 Style-seeking Men
We're 14 Kings
We're 34 Members
Members wanted
We're 5,416 Fun Friends!
We're 946 Members
We're 584 20-something's
We're 7,618 Singles
We're 1,638 Atlanta Nights
We're 953 Trippers
We're 102 Henry's distinguished singles.
We're 82 Meditators
We're 111 Lovers
We're 181 Members
We're 104 Lovely Atlanta Ladies
We're 903 Members of Natural Hair Freedom
We're 774 Family Members
We're 67 Pop-Tarts
We're 171 Lovely's
We're 39 Love Birds
We're 87 Newcomers
We're 29 Mixers
We're 45 Ladies
We're 64 Players
We're 898 Zoggers
We're 64 Real Estate Investors
We're 50 Northside Singles
We're 61 BoLINGOS
We're 292 Single Catholics
We're 160 World Class Entrepreneurs
We're 752 Atlanta Singles RSVP!
We're 24 Outliving Cancer Stat-Busters
We're 251 Soldiers
We're 2,595 New Friends
We're 223 Singles
We're 1,219 women
We're 20 Ambassadolls®
We're 40 Members
We're 110 Ageless Singles
We're 97 GameOn! Atlantans
We're 108 Fun Lovers
We're 11 rotaracts
We're 186 Perfect-Pacers
We're 59 The Collective
We're 92 Friends
We're 8 Entrepreneurs
We're 30 Sophisticated Singles
We're 92 FlyGirls
We're 418 Ladies
We're 38 Extraordinary LeaguersBuckeyes: Leaders of the pack
Miller, Hyde help OSU clinch division with 42-14 win over Indiana
BLADE/JEREMY WADSWORTH Enlarge
COLUMBUS —.
OHIO STATE NOTEBOOK: Emotional afternoon for Mewhort
On second-and-goal at the Hoosiers’ 5-yard line, Miller took the handoff and raced toward the right sideline to see his two options — a pass to tight end Jeff Heuerman or running in himself — cut off. Yet in his first game without a brace since spraining his knee in September, the junior vowed he would "have a little fun." What better time than now.
He leaped over a waiting defender just before the goal line, Miller soaring heels over head and coach Urban Meyer’s heart on the turf.
"I’d rather he not do that," Meyer said. "But he’s got to do what he’s got to do."
It was the story of Ohio State’s afternoon. Miller's front flips earned varying style points but both resulted in first-half touchdowns.
If a day that transformed Ohio Stadium into an oversized snow globe was not always pretty, it was plenty sweet for fourth-ranked Ohio State and its senior class.
Miller accounted for four touchdowns — two passing, two running — running back Carlos Hyde became the first 1,000-yard back in Urban Meyer's head coaching career, and OSU sent off its 18 seniors with a record finale.
The Buckeyes (11-0, 7-0 Big Ten) won their school-record 23rd straight game — the longest streak in the conference in 64 years — and clinched the Leaders Division title, which sends them to the Big Ten championship game. The Buckeyes will play No. 13 Michigan State, which iced the Legends Division with a 30-6 win over Northwestern, on Dec. 7 at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis.
"We’re forever in history now," Guiton said. "People will be chasing us, and that’s pretty cool."
The end, though, featured little celebration. By the final minutes, as the band sang, "We don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan," only a few thousand bone-chilled fans remained from the crowd of 104,990.
BLADE/JEREMY WADSWORTH Enlarge
Afterward, OSU athletic director Gene Smith presented the team with a game ball honoring the winning streak and Meyer said he appreciated the "nut job students who stayed to the end." Then, in his opening statement to the media, he said his focus was officially shifting to Buckeyes’ trip to the Big House next weekend
That meant no talk about Ohio State’s place in the national title chase. The Buckeyes are third in the BCS standings, behind Alabama and Florida State.
"We have enough to work on and this week you’re going to hear some very generic answers about everything," Meyer said with a smile. "I’m not trying to be a jerk, but our focus is on beating that rival team, and that’s it."
The Buckeyes put Saturday’s game away early. With temperatures in the 20s and flurries whipping through the stadium, Miller sprinted for 41 yards on the third play of the game, foreshadowing what Meyer later called the best running day of the quarterback’s career.
In a matchup between one of the most prolific offenses in Big Ten history against an Indiana defense on pace to be the worst, Hyde punched in a 16-yard touchdown run on the fifth play of the game and Miller and OSU kept adding on.
Miller ran for the 37-yard score on the Buckeyes’ next possession, added the 5-yard TD in the second quarter, and threw for a pair of touchdowns — a 24-yard pass to freshman Dontre Wilson and a 39-yard throw to Devin Smith — in the second half. He ran for 144 yards on 13 carries while completing 11 of 17 passes for 160 yards.
Hyde ran for 117 yards and two touchdowns on 18 carries, becoming the first 1,000-yard rusher at OSU since Beanie Wells in 2008.
Linebacker Ryan Shazier, meanwhile, had 20 tackles to lead a Buckeyes defense that held IU (4-7, 2-5) scoreless into the fourth quarter.
The day was not perfect for OSU, with Miller throwing an interception and losing one of the team’s three fumbles. But in the end, the Buckeyes still were.
"We’re just striving for the best," Miller said. "We ended last season 12-0 and we weren’t able to go to the bowl or the Big Ten championship. That’s what we want to accomplish."
Contact David Briggs at: dbriggs@theblade.com, 419-724-6084 or on Twitter @DBriggsBlade.Every California voter who wishes to vote on a paper ballot in this year's general election may do so, The BRAD BLOG has learned, according to an October 3rd, 2006 memo issued by the California Secretary of State's office!
The terse, single-page internal memo, sent to "All County Clerks/Registrars of Voters/Vendors" on CA SoS stationery (download complete memo here [PDF]) instructs elections officials across the state that they should "have an adequate supply of paper ballots" if electronic voting machines should break down or "if a voter chooses not to vote on electronic equipment."
Written by CA's Asst. SoS, Susan Lapsley, the memo was issued in apparent response to our recent call for Congress to introduce and pass immediate "Emergency Paper Ballot" legislation. While bills were subsequently introduced in both the House and Senate, neither chamber succeeded in voting on the legislation before adjourning for the election recess. Eagle-eyed BRAD BLOG readers may remember Lapsley as the one behind the Busby/Bilbray fax to Congress, declaring the Republican Bilbray the winner of the recent CA50 U.S. House Special Election to replace "Duke" Cunningham weeks before it was certified, while thousands of votes remained to be counted --- and well after we had already exposed that the tainted election included voting machine "sleepovers" with poll workers in the days and weeks prior, in contravention of both state and federal law.
Lapsley's memo was written just after Congress adjourned and prior to the letter [PDF] we sent last week, along with more than 50 other Election Integrity organizations and leaders, to all 50 Secretaries of State and Governors calling on them to institute immediate plans and procedures for Emergency Paper Ballots.
The good news here, as we see it, is that all California voters across what Diebold refers to as "the country's largest voting market" may now demand paper ballots when they go to the polling place this year. This will be crucial in counties such as San Diego and San Joaquin, where the Registrars of Voters have chosen to side with the voting machine companies instead of the voters by supplying only hackable touch-screen Diebold voting machines for their citizens this year.
In enormous Los Angeles County, which includes some 8 million voters, such dangerously unreliable touch-screen systems are used only for early voting. It seems clear, however, from Lapsley's memo, that even early voters in LA County may now choose to vote on paper ballots instead!
From the CA SoS' memo...
This back-up supply can be absentee ballots or other option as determined to be reasonable by the elections official. If absentee ballots are used at the polls the voter need NOT apply for an absentee ballot in order to be able to use it to vote at the polls. You may also use paper provisional ballots to satisfy voters wishing to vote on paper in the event that DRE counties do not have a sufficient supply of absentee ballots to satisy the needs of the precinct voters. In such instances, the ballots of verified eligible voters who wish to vote on paper and are provided a provisional ballot to do so should not be treated as a provisional ballot cast but, rather, as a regular ballot.
Seems clear enough to us. And, we believe, it's very good news for the voters of California in general.
With that in mind, however, some Election Integrity Advocates have expressed concern about the vagaries and other dangers of the Lapsley memo, including the Democratic Secretary of State candidate Debra Bowen and election attorney Paul Lehto, both of whom we have immense respect for...
In a quick exchange with Bowen's office over the weekend, concern was expressed that the SoS' directive leaves a number of important details unspecified. In particular, it leaves it up to local Elections Officialsthe to determine what is an "adequate supply" of such ballots. As was revealed in hearings held by Bowen in Kern County after a number of problems during the June 6th primary, the Registrar of that county determined that "zero" would be an adequate supply of such ballots. As a result, many voters were turned away without being allowed to cast a ballot during the primary election, when voting machines failed to start up, or even show up, in some cases.
As well, Bowen's office responds, the SoS has failed to specify, as required by the proposed federal legislation, that election officials are to post information "in a conspicuous manner" informing voters of their right to vote by paper at each polling place.
Lehto expressed another, certainly more nuanced and legalistic, concern in a recent posting at DemocraticUnderground.com. Essentially, his worry (and he states from the outset that he is a strong proponent of paper ballots in general) is that Democrats may be more likely to opt for paper over plastic than Republicans under Lapsley's declaration. In the bargain, he says, such paper ballots may not be counted as quickly as those cast on electronic touch-screen systems, which are able to turn out vote totals (accurately or otherwise) almost immediately on Election Night.
The concern, then, is that the Election Night totals may be disproportionately weighted in favor of Republican voters, which might cause such elections to be called, at least by the media, for Republican candidates before all of the paper ballots have yet to be counted. As we've learned of late, the first one to be declared the victor by the media in American elections has an inordinate advantage during any post-election challenges. Further, Lehto argues, it may be easier to challenge and/or disqualify paper ballots for any number of reasons, whereas electronic votes, by their very uncountable lack of actual existence, are nearly impossible to challenge. That, suggests Lehto, would lead to more Democratic votes than Republican votes being discarded, invalidated or disqualified in a close election.
Lehto's points are well taken. As are Bowen's, and we certainly agree with her that Lapsley's memo is woefully short on the sort of details one would expect from a responsible state election administrator about the specifics of how such ballots are to be supplied, stored, counted and publicized. You'll note, for example, the Riverside County Registrar who deceived voters that had used paper ballots during the recent primary. After the voters left, poll workers were told to punch those ballots into DRE touch-screens anyway! Violating both the point of voting by paper, and the voters privacy rights to boot!
But then again, SoS Bruce McPherson has fallen woefully short of everything for the voters of California since being named to the post by Arnold Schwarzenegger. Little wonder he doesn't give a damn about details on Emergency Paper Ballots either.
In an emailed reply to Lehto's concerns from another Election Integrity advocate, Jonathon Simon of Election Defense Alliance over the weekend, it was argued, essentially, that "we're damned if we do, and damned if we don't." Our elections, at this point, Simon argued (and we agree) are so entirely screwed up, gamed, secretive, and lacking in either transparency or integrity that it's a matter of choosing one's train wreck and hoping that the one chosen is the most mitigable.
Ultimately, the arguments expressed by both Lehto and Simon come from the viewpoint of Democratic Activists. Our concerns come more from a small "d" democracy advocate. And from where we sit, we simply cannot brook the idea of legally registered voters, from any party, being sent away from the polls without being able to cast a vote. That's something that we believe should be a felony and look forward to a moment in the future when we might be able to call on Congress to institute such a law.
For the moment though, we agree with everyone's expressed concerns that "the devil is in the details" on these matters, and election officials have the responsibility to spell out those details to the letter prior to election. It is then incumbent on them to ensure that every vote is counted --- and accurately so --- before any winners are ever announced.
That last is a point in which Ms. Lapsley, in particular, has shown herself to be appallingly uninterested. But now that she's declared all voters in California may vote by paper ballot, we believe it's time to spread that good news nonetheless!
UPDATE 1:23pm PT: Debra Bowen has now sent us a press release, just issued, excoriating McPherson for not including specific details on procedures for the use of paper ballots as we alluded to above. She has some very specific, and sharp thoughts on the matter. The full press release is here [WORD]...FAMILIES across Mid Devon will get a warmer home this winter and beyond thanks to an energy saving scheme launched this week by Devon local authorities.
The scheme, entitled ‘CosyDevon’ will see up to £9 million invested in improving homes across the county.
Delivered in association with with E.ON, one of the UK’s leading energy companies, CosyDevon is offering up to 7,000 free or subsidised insulation and heating measures for Devon’s homes, as well as supporting local jobs.
Hedley Steele, Private Sector Housing Lead Officer at Mid Devon District Council said: “The CosyDevon ‘bus’ will be at the Mid Devon Show this Saturday July 26, next to our own marquee at pitch H87.
“We are encouraging all those who could qualify for these free energy savings home improvements to make contact with the team either at the Show or on the contact details provided.”
Don Leiper, Director of Energy Efficiency at E.ON, said: “I’m immensely proud that E.ON has been part of CosyDevon since its launch and that we have worked with our colleagues in local authorities across Devon to provide energy saving help to thousands of families in that time.
”This scheme will bring significant benefits in making our homes more energy efficient, helping people to reduce their energy consumption and cut their bills.
“I hope that many more will get in touch to see what help is on offer.”
Homeowners, private landlords and their tenants who meet the qualifying criteria1 can receive loft and cavity wall insulation for FREE through CosyDevon.
Homeowners who do not meet the qualifying criteria and want to top up their existing loft insulation only can do so for £149.
Free replacement boilers are also available to households receiving qualifying benefits whose boiler meets certain criteria2.- Introduction
- Control Flow
- Modularization (Blocks)
- Configuration & Initialization
- Project Reports
Creating a Serializer
Creating a Serializer
For most problems, Cocoon has a serializer ready for you. However, you may have to deal with some new unique binary format which is fed by your XML. The SVG to PNG serializer works in this way as does the FOP to PDF serializer. Given that there are only so many ways to present data on the web, it is very difficult to come up with an example serializer that is new and useful. Nevertheless we will present the YAML serializer. There is no real direct mapping of concepts, but the only thing that you can't map directly in YAML to XML is the attributes.Vital Areas
As previously mentioned, a bolt harvests an animal by cutting through blood vessels and organs, causing major blood loss (exsanguination). For this reason, it is important for all crossbow hunters to know the proper shot placement on the animal they are hunting. They must also be confident that they will be able to hit that target from their hunting position.
The vital area on big game is the heart and lung area. A properly placed shot in this area will result in a quick, clean harvest of the animal. Crossbow hunters must keep in mind that their broadhead will go through these organs; however they must be mindful of the animal's anatomy. A broadhead will not travel through large bones such as the sternum or shoulder blades.
For crossbow hunters, there are two acceptable shots to take - broadside and quartering away shots.
Broadside shot placement
The broadside shot is without a doubt the best shot to take by a crossbow hunter. The vital area is a large target at this angle, and the bolt will easily pass through the rib cage, to potentially go through both lungs.
Quartering away shot placement
In the quartering away shot, the vital areas are also well exposed, and the liver is presented as an added target. The liver contains about 1/3 of the animal's blood at any given time, so a shot through the liver will result in a quick harvest as well.
Ethical Shot Placement
NEVER take this shot
When hunting from an elevated stand, keep in mind that the vital areas are less vulnerable from this angle. Be sure you are at an angle that will allow the bolt to penetrate the thick skin on the back, and pass through the vital area. Never shoot at an animal that is directly underneath your stand.
IMPORTANT! Hunters should practice shot placement using the same equipment they will when in the field!PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla.— In the dead of winter, the Mets could allow themselves to imagine the return of a healthy Carlos Beltran. They could hope that the knee injuries that had dogged him for almost two years would no longer be an issue. But with spring has come a harsher reality.
The star right fielder remains limited in his physical activity because of what the team is calling tendinitis in his left knee. And it is clear now that, whether because of his arthritic right knee or his suddenly balky left one, Beltran will remain in a fragile state for the foreseeable future.
For the moment, the Mets still expect him to be ready for Opening Day. But would anyone be stunned if he weren't? He has played in only one spring training game, as a designated hitter, and figures to have no more than a couple of weeks to make the transition from center to right field.
Even if Beltran's left knee responds well to anti-inflammatory medication and several days of light activity, his latest setback underscores the challenge the Mets will face in keeping him on the field.
"I think right now we have to recognize that his knees need to be managed to maximize his performance and availability," Mets general manager Sandy Alderson said. "This is obviously some indication of that need, and we'll deal with it."
Unfortunately for the Mets, managing Beltran's knees essentially means playing him less often. Manager Terry Collins said he has already looked at the schedule and mapped out a plan to give Beltran regular days off.
Those days off will likely include day games after night games, at the very least. And given the way Beltran's spring training has gone, there will likely be days off that Collins didn't plan for.
"I've already anticipated trying to make sure he has enough time, so when we get to midsummer, he's still out there," Collins said. "I've also thought that on a daily basis, to have a conversation and have him make sure that sometime early enough in the day, he's telling me he's ready to go or, 'Hey, look, I could use a day.'"
At best, that approach will preserve Beltran's knees for the long haul, but it will also leave the Mets without their cleanup hitter on a regular basis. That will create somewhat of a dilemma for Collins when he fills out his lineup card.
If he moves Jason Bay from the No. 5 spot into the cleanup spot and moves other hitters up accordingly, he'll lose the consistency in the batting order, which he values. But if he pencils in Beltran's backup in right field in the cleanup spot, it would be laughable.
The two outfielders below Beltran on the Mets' depth chart are Scott Hairston, who hit just .210 last season, and Willie Harris, who hit just .183.
And that's the best-case scenario. Given how Beltran injured his left knee by simply running at the start of spring training, it's reasonable to wonder whether both knees will hold up enough for him to play even on the reduced schedule Collins had in mind.
"When I started running here in the first couple days of spring training," Beltran said, "I felt like I was compensating, and it got worse and worse and worse, to the point where now I have to make sure it doesn't get worse than that."
When asked if this is simply how it's going to be for him from now on, Beltran said, "Maybe, but what can I do about it? There's nothing I can do about it. I have to deal with the situation."
2013 Disability Rights scholarship program
Deadline: Monday, 10 December 2012
The Disability Rights Scholarship Program will offer up to 20 awards to individuals from Nepal and select countries in Africa and Latin America for LLM study beginning in fall 2013. United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (CRPD). The CRPD, which entered into force in May 2008, presents a paradigm shift in the field of disability rights and provides a framework for developing innovative legal arguments.
With the knowledge and networks gained interested in forming a consortium of schools dedicated to developing this field and improving their own capacity with an international perspective. In nurturing such a network, the Program strives to encourage law faculties to incorporate disability rights into existing human rights curricula, and participate in collaboratively-designed workshops and research efforts in the field.
This material is cross-posted from the Peace and Collaborative Development Network,slomo007 wrote:davidmarver wrote:If you had the exact same team, but the difference was chemistry, I think the team with the better chemistry would win.
I think that's what it comes down to. Of course pitching wins championships....but the point of this poll was IF chemistry matters. It obviously does, I don't even see how that's disputable.
Not to put words in Hootie's mouth, but it sounds to me like he would actually argue this point.Welcome to the last Fresh Five before we take a little break over the summer holidays. As we’ve got at least six weeks of the kids being off school we thought we’d make this week’s Fresh Five a special crafty edition.
Bringing us her choice of five brilliant craft blogs we’ve got Jemma from List of Lovely Things. There you’ll find Jemma blogging about life with her family of five. Jemma is a real crafting queen, with a business selling handmade craft and messy play boxes for children at Thimble and Twig. So who better to bring us her pick of the top five craft blogs, packed with ideas to help keep the kids busy this summer?!
Five Blogs to Make You Craft:
Anyone else a little daunted by the summer holidays? Like me, are you longing for quality time with your little ones but nervous about the potential of melt-downs, boredom and hair loss?! Never fear! There is a whole Pinterest and blog-filled world of magical ideas to keep your little people spellbound!
This is a blog by mum of 4 Claire all about living creatively, family life and craft. It’s an interestingly styled blog featuring some lovely photos. They cook together, make together and have lovely adventures. Her crafts focus on upcycling and there are a range of easy crafts for the beginner too.
This is perfect for a good rummage for older children – you’ll need to set aside a cup of tea and some time as it’s jam-packed! It’s full of helpful tutorials like ‘How to make fabric bangles’ and ‘No sew bunting’. This a great blog to find ideas for things children can make for friends and relatives.
The Imagination Tree is one of the most inspiring and beautifully organised blogs for children of all ages. This blog is jam packed with original ideas that are also cheap and easy to source. It’s the brain child of mum of three Anna, who is an early years educator. This really shines through as her ideas focus on the development of young children. It’s a completely fantabulous find and my favourite little idea is her gorgeous ocean in an egg box!
Carin is a mixed media artist and a mum of two. I am inspired by her innovative memory making ideas and regularly follow her blog to drool over her beautiful gratitude journal. I have been inspired to create my own monthly highlights and more recently my older children have been using her mixed media techniques to make their own.
OK, so I might get in trouble for including this one, but Seeds and Stitches is one of my favourite UK craft blogs so I’m sneaking it in! It’s a blog by writer Hannah Bullivant and maker Davina Drummond about living creatively within the seasons, adventures, family life and craft. It’s a beautifully styled blog featuring some gorgeous photos. They cook together, make together and have lovely adventures. Their crafts are a little more original such as their memory slides, but they create some beautiful pieces you’d be proud to display!
Have you read any great new craft blogs recently? Tell us about them in the comments!Posted on Wednesday, April 11th, 2012
Toilet training your cat is not difficult to do. It only requires some time, patience, and the right tools. We’ve outlined how to toilet train your cat in 7 easy steps. This toilet training process will mold your cat’s behavior and transition them into using the toilet gently (and hopefully cleanly!) for you.
Step One
Move your cat’s litter box to a spot right next to the toilet. Make sure your cat is comfortable using this litter box and keep it there for as long as you feel it is needed for your cat to get used to the new spot.
Pro Tip: Go slow. If your cat gets confused he or she may find a place in your home to “go” where they feel more secure. A couple of these accidents and it may be hard to break this bad habit so let the behavior of your pet dictate when to advance to the next step
Step Two
Raise the height of the litter box gradually. Every time you raise the height of the litter box, remove a little.
Pro Tip: Secure the litter box to the phone books or a stack of newspapers so that it doesn’t move when your cat jumps onto it.
Step Three
Gradually move the litter box 1 inch closer to the toilet each day until the box is directly over the seat. Continue removing the litter from the box until there is only a thin layer, no more than 1inch deep.
Step Four
Replace your litter box with a “training box”. Make sure the training box can hold your cat’s weight. There are a few options for you here. You can either make your own or buy one of the numerous commercial training devises available.
Here is how to create your own training box:
Pro Tip: Clean out the litter after each use and add some catnip to the clean litter.
Step Five
Transition to your car using only the toilet each time. Cut a hole in the wax paper or aluminum pan about one inch in the center and gradually increase the size of the hole until the cover is almost gone. As you are reducing the size of the cover, also reduce the amount of litter so that there is no litter when the paper or bowl is removed.
Step Six
Flush the toilet after each use by your cat.
Pro Tip: Do not teach your cat to flush the toilet. Although cats are able to learn to flush, they sometimes enjoy it a little too much – wasting water.
Step Seven
Give your pet a treat! Rewarding your cat for a job well done is essential to their success.
Pro Tip: If your cat is a little apprehensive about the water in the bowl add some litter to the water and your cat will associate the smell with his litter box.
Does your cat know how to use the toilet? If not, do you plan to train them how?Why Liverpool’s Champions League defeat to Fiorentina should be celebrated Rafa Benítez’s side.
Liverpool were as generous in their defending as their hosts had been in unfurling banners to proclaim their admiration for ‘the legend’ of their opponents.
The latter may have had as much to do with Liverpool’s incredible second-half slaying of AC Milan in the 2005 final and, less palatably, their history with Juventus, as it did with Liverpool’s standing as representative of the all conquering Premier League, but hinted that all of Europe holds English – as they do Spanish – football in the highest of regard these days.
The halo slipped a little during the 90 minutes that followed the home fans’ serenading of their opposite numbers before kick off. And that can only be a good thing.
There was a time when the European Cup contained the exotic and unknown. A meeting of footballing cultures and styles that pitted the best each nation had to offer against each other. Faraway places and unfamiliar faces drenched the competition in intrigue and fascination.
Lately, with regular meetings between teams from these shores in the latter stages, the competition has been robbed of much of that charm.
The 2008 final between Manchester United and Chelsea and the extraordinary quarter-final clash between Liverpool and Chelsea last season were epic, enthralling contests between great teams. But those Titans meet in the league every year and contest domestic honours often enough for our appetite to be sated.
One defeat does not make an autumn, of course, and Liverpool will in all likelihood bounce back to again qualify for the knockout stages.
But if they don’t, or if any of the English teams fall to worthy opposition early on in the tournament, would it detract from or enhance the spectacle?
Every competition holds the attention if great teams are left standing when the medals are up for grabs, and currently England boast four sides who fit that description.
However (if you are not aligned to any one of those teams of course), would the absence of one or more after the turn of the year be a price worth paying for a dash more romance, drama and excitement? The answer, surely, has to be yes.Press Releases, 19 December 2012
Geneva, 19 December 2012
The UN Refugee Agency, UNHCR, lifesaving needs of civilians who flee Syria every hour of the day – many in a truly desperate condition."
The new US$1 billion appeal is based on planning estimates that up to 1 million Syrian refugees will need help during the first half of 2013.
Currently in the countries immediately surrounding Syria 525,000 Syrians have either registered as refugeesr. Moumtzis. "Their lives are in turmoil. They have lost their homes and family members. By the time they reach the borders, they are exhausted, traumatised and with little or no resources to rely on."
The 2013 plan aims at redoubling efforts to protect vulnerable refugees, with a big emphasis on community outreach to refugees living in urban environments. Much of this work is conducted by the 43 national and international NGOs included in the appeal.
Specific activities focusing on children, women, the elderly and survivors of sexual and gender based violence are planned for.
"Children make up roughly half of the refugees crowded into camps and host communities across five countries, and their numbers rise inexorably," said Maria Calivis,.
This plan includes Egypt for the first time. To date 10,474 Syrians are registered by UNHCR. According to government figures tens of thousands more are in the country. Another new development in the plan is support for the UN Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) activities for Palestinians who have fled Syria for Lebanon.
This appeal is the fourth update of the Syria Regional Response Plan, first launched in March 2012. The 2012 Regional Response Plan for Syrian refugees received 70% of the US$487 million appealed for.
Statistics:
LEBANON (17 December)
Number of Syrians registered and pending registration with UNHCR: 159,277
JORDAN (17 December)
Number of Syrians registered and pending registration with UNHCR: 148,592
TURKEY (Government of Turkey figures dated 16 December)
Number of Syrians registered in camps: 141,240
IRAQ (16 December)
Number of Syrians registered with UNHCR: 66,048
EGYPT (16 December)
Number of Syrians registered with UNHCR: 10,474
Total number of Syrians registered and pending registration: 525,631
For further information:
LinksClippers' interim CEO says coach will quit if Sterling stays
Updated 11:19 pm, Tuesday, July 22, 2014
The interim CEO of the Los Angeles Clippers testified Tuesday that coach Doc Rivers told him he will quit if Donald Sterling remains the owner of the team.
CEO Richard Parsons made the statement at the trial to determine whether Sterling's wife, Shelly Sterling, can sell the team for $2 billion to former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer.
The NBA has been trying to force out Donald Sterling after racist statements emerged on recordings in April.
"Doc is troubled by this maybe more so than anybody else," Parsons said on the witness stand about Rivers, who is black.
Parsons said he fears there would also be an exodus of key players, including team captain Chris Paul.
-- Sterling also filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles County Superior Court that states his estranged wife, Shelly Sterling, the NBA and Commissioner Adam Silver committed fraud and violated corporate law in their attempt to sell the team to Ballmer and inflicted emotional distress by tricking him into being evaluated by psychiatrists to determine his competency.
Rush deal: The Warriors completed their deal with swingman Brandon Rush on Tuesday. The contract is for two years and about $2.5 million. Rush will hold an option in the second year.
Briefly: The Cavaliers have sent guard Carrick Felix, their 2015 second-round pick and cash to Utah for three players with non-guaranteed contracts, potentially opening up $3.3 million in cap space in their attempts to trade for Kevin Love, according to a person familiar with the deal. ... Blazers forward Thomas Robinson has undergone surgery to repair a torn ligament in his right thumb but is expected to return for training camp. ... The Bulls signed Doug McDermott, their first-round draft pick.Canberra
Australia
22 Mar 2017
This changes everything
Travel bloggers, your life just changed.
The States of America, via the TSA, and presumably with the full-throated endorsement of President 45, has changed the rules.
Not just America, but also the United Kingdom, and several other Western nations are expected to follow suit.
Effective within four days from 22 March 2017, airline passengers from a number of Middle-Eastern hubs such as Dubai, Istanbul, Doha and others are prohibited from carrying aboard electronic devices larger than a smartphone. These must be packed in checked luggage.
The SA announcement (in the form of a Q&A sheet) is here. The BBC announcement of the UK ban is here. This includes six UK-based airlines including the British Airways
But why?
Supposedly, this is in response to terrorist plans involving packing laptops with explosives and detonating them midflight. The airports identified are all located within Muslin-majority nations in the Middle East and Africa.
The Washington Post has another view: this ban is aimed at driving traffic from heavily-subsidised foreign airlines such as Emirates onto American carriers.
This is stupid
Criticism amongst frequent travellers has been immediate and savage.
• This moves lithium batteries from the cabin, where battery fires may be easily dealt with, to the baggage hold, where access is impossible.
• What is to stop a terrorist using his phone to set off explosives stored in a laptop or tablet in checked baggage? Simply move along the plane until within Bluetooth range, connect, and press the martyr button.
• If direct flights to the US and UK are affected, why not transfer in (say) Paris or Frankfurt?
• Expensive items in checked baggage will be subject to theft during baggage handling while the bags and contents are out of the immediate sight and control of the owners.
• Likewise, they may be damaged. Baggage handlers are not generally noted for gentle custodianship of items in their care, and the automated equipment operates forcefully, especially when transferring a bag from one conveyor to another.
But I’m a travel blogger, I can do everything on my phone, yeah?
Sure. You’ll have to. In the cabin and during transits, that’s all you’ll have. Most bloggers I know take photographs and write blog entries during those long hours in the air and awaiting the next flight, uploading when they can grab a bit of wifi.
Not only will you not have in-flight and transit access to your devices, there’s a chance you might lose them entirely due to theft or damage. Or through confiscation at security if you try to carry them aboard.
Yeah, they might be insured, but according to the Sydney Morning Herald, “Generally checked in electronics are not covered by travel insurance.“
Even if they are, it’s going to be a hassle replacing them while travelling, and what happens to all your software, date, content, and settings? Do you have time between connections to reproduce your working configuration and download stuff from the cloud?
This is only for flights between dodgy airports on dodgy airlines to the SA and the UK?
Nope. Among others, it covers British Airways flying from Dubai, a modern airport with multiple layers of security. There’s nothing to say this won’t be extended to connecting flights and carriers. That could be pretty much any plane, anywhere.
Get used to this sort of thing. President Trump is setting out to make the whole world of Islam his enemy, and my guess is that this is going to snowball fast.
Pete
1 Comment
It’s complete idiocy. Fingers crossed Australia has the good sense not to follow suit (I’m not entirely hopeful).OpenMigrate
Solution Name:
OpenMigrate
Category:
TSG’s OpenMigrate is a unique migration utility developed for our Alfresco customers that addresses typical one-time and ongoing migration challenges such as applying unique business rules and migrating from different data sources. The framework of this migration utility is what differentiates it from other migration products for Alfresco. OpenMigrate’s architecture reduces code and improves application quality, testability, and scalability. OpenMigrate consists of four major components:
- Migration engine — Serving as the core of our product, it controls the flow of data from the source to the target.
- Source/target interface — Allows the migration engine to communicate with the source/target without understanding the specifics of the source/target implementation. It enables the solution to easily connect to many different source/target databases including different software versions.
- Source/target adapter — Communicates directly with the source/target that is being implemented. Each adapter is written to interact with a specific piece of software (e.g., Documentum, file system).
- Migration queue and log — Acting as the application’s “to do” list, it’s responsible for informing the source/target adapter what to extract/populate. It’s also responsible for recording each object’s status (success for failure) in the migration log.
Requirements:
Java 1.5
Licensing Model:
Free
Version History:
Alfresco integration has been available in OM since 1.3
Support Option:
Supported by Partner
Support Contact(s):
Ray Wijangco
rayw@tsgrp.com
+1 312 372 7777 x269Therapies for Orphan Diseases: Public-Private Partnership in Drug Development
This paper is a final project from the NIH Foundation for Advanced Education in the Sciences TECH 366, a course in Biotechnology Management
Therapies for Orphan Diseases: Public-Private Partnership in Drug Development
Research and development (R&D) of new drugs and therapies is both technologically and financially challenging. As return on investment (ROI) in R&D is largely driven by market demands and incentives, rare and neglected diseases (collectively known as orphan diseases), by their very nature, have limited commercial attraction to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology (Pharma/Biotech) industry (Nwaka and Ridley, 2003).
What are rare diseases?
In the US, a disease is classified as a rare disease when the prevalence of a particular disease in the US is less than 200,000 individuals. According to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Office of Rare Disease Research (ORDR), there are ~6,800 rare diseases. About 25 million Americans are afflicted with these rare diseases. To date, only ~300 of the rare diseases have effective pharmacologic treatments. No effective treatments have been developed for ~6,500 of the rare diseases and this translates to ~20 million Americans (i.e., roughly 6-7% of the US population).
What are neglected diseases?
Diseases that are especially endemic to low-income populations in developing regions of Africa, Asia, and the Americas are called neglected diseases. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), worldwide, these groups of tropical diseases affect about 1 billion people (i.e., roughly15% of the world’s population). Even though there have been significant and rapid advances in deducing the pathogenesis of these neglected diseases, the drug ‘pipeline’ for these neglected diseases is almost dry (O’Connell, 2007). Therefore, there is a tremendous need to develop and deliver effective therapies for these neglected diseases.
Developing drugs for orphan diseases
For the millions of individuals afflicted with orphan diseases, new drugs are not likely to reach them in their lifetime. This is primarily because: (i) about 80-90% of the proposed drug candidates never even make it through clinical trials (high failure rate), (ii) the time required to bring a drug to the market is ~15 years (long development cycle), and (iii) on an average, the cost of bringing a new drug to market is about $850 million (high investment).
Historically, there had been limited interest from the Pharma/Biotech industry in developing novel therapies for orphan diseases. This has largely been due to the following factors: (i) low prevalence, and/or (ii) low commercial potential (i.e., low ROI). Consequently, there is a huge need for developing treatment for orphan diseases.
In order to encourage Pharma/Biotech companies to develop drugs for diseases that have a small market, the US Government, in 1983, passed the Orphan Drug Act (ODA; Public Law No. 97–414). This law provides the Pharma/Biotech companies attractive incentives to develop new treatments for orphan diseases including, tax breaks, market exclusivity for 7 years, tax incentives for clinical trials, etc. To further increase public investment in diagnostic tools and treatments for patients with orphan diseases, the US Government, in 2002, passed the Rare Diseases Act and the Rare Diseases Orphan Product Development Act (Public Law No. 107-280). Similar legislations to promote drug development for orphan diseases have been passed by the European Union (EU; 1999), Australia (1998), Singapore and Japan (1993; Braun et al., 2010).
These favorable legislations have made the orphan products market lucrative and have spurred the Pharma/Biotech industry to develop drugs for orphan diseases (Coté et al., 2010). Since passing the ODA in 1983 and until the end of March 2011, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has granted 2,348 orphan designations. Of these, 369 have been approved for orphan indications. A majority of these drugs have been developed by big Pharma/Biotech – companies like Novartis, Genentech, Genzyme, etc. are leading the way (Figure 1).
Figure 1: Companies with 5 or more approved orphan drugs
Source: Data from FDA:. Note: this does not reflect the recent mergers and acquisitions.
Although these favorable legislations have raised awareness and increased the effort to study orphan diseases, effective treatments for the vast majority of these diseases have not yet been developed. One of the major reasons is the high failure rate in the preclinical stages of drug development. A vast majority of the target drug candidates never make it past the ‘Valley of Death’ (Figure 2). This alone poses sufficient risk for the Pharma/Biotech industry to pursue development of orphan drugs. A good solution to this conundrum is ‘public-private partnerships’ (PPP) – collaborative partnerships that can help reduce the risks and costs for both the public and the private sector entities.
Figure 2: The long pathway to drug development
Note: IND – investigational new drug; NDA – new drug application.
What is a public-private partnership?
A public-private partnership (PPP) is a formal or an informal contractual arrangement between public sector(s) and private sector(s) that is created in order to achieve a public health objective or to produce a health-related product or service (Farrugia et al., 2008). In this case, to develop therapies for orphan diseases, public funds are utilized to engage both the public and the private sector researchers. These partners share certain risks and may exchange intellectual property, financial, in-kind, and/or human resources in any mutually agreed upon proportion (Lazdins-Helds, 2008). The ultimate goal of creating PPPs is to ensure that the products reach the patients who need them.
TRND: bridging the gap between drug discovery and drug development for orphan diseases
One of the initiatives that helps to leverage public investment and resources towards developing therapies for orphan diseases is the US Government supported initiative through the National Institutes of Health (NIH), called the Therapeutics for Rare and Neglected Diseases (TRND) program. This initiative is meant to jumpstart the development of drugs that may otherwise be ignored by the Pharma/Biotech industry.
The congressionally allocated budget for the TRND program was $24 million in both 2009 and 2010, and the President’s recommended budget for 2011is $50 million. The governance and oversight is provided by the NIH ORDR, while the laboratory operations are administered by the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI). Depending on the nature of the particular project, other NIH centers also participate in the initiative. The TRND program is scheduled to become a part of the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS) in the future.
The main aim of the TRND program is to help move candidate drugs that have the potential to treat orphan diseases forward in the drug development pipeline until they meet FDA’s requirements for an investigational new drug (IND) application. TRND is a drug discovery and development program that provides support for specific aspects of preclinical research and drug development. Once a candidate drug is sufficiently ‘de-risked’, TRND hands it over to the external partners (e.g. pharmaceutical companies, disease-oriented foundations, etc.) to take the drug further in the drug development process.
Unlike the previous public initiatives (incentives, grants, etc.) for development of drugs for orphan diseases, TRND is a unique PPP program because it seeks to provide the drug development expertise, the technological know-how, as well as resources and services required for developing orphan drugs. Some of the expertise/services/resources provided includes medicinal chemistry optimization (production of dosage forms, stability testing), evaluation of functional activity, potency, pharmacokinetics (PK), pharmacodynamics (PD), efficacy, development of pharmacology assays and biomarkers, planning of clinical trials, IND filing advice, etc.
The TRND program is not a grant application, but rather an application to collaborate with experts and gain access to resources related to drug development for orphan diseases. This program stimulates research collaborations/partnerships between the industry and the academic scientists working on orphan diseases.
An example of PPP
A good example of PPP is the collaboration of TRND with AesRx, a company that is developing therapy for an orphan indication, sickle-cell disease (SCD; or sickle-cell anemia (SCA)). SCD is an autosomal recessive genetic blood disorder that is characterized by abnormal, rigid, sickle shaped red blood cells that block blood flow in the blood vessels and leads to various life threatening complications. Blood and marrow transplants offer a cure for small number of patients; however, there is no widely available cure for SCD. Majority of the therapy for SCD is targeted towards pain prophylaxis to help manage the symptoms and complications of the disease. Even with the best supportive care, the average lifespan is only about 40 years. Even though a number of potential drugs have been studied, the only drug approved for the treatment of SCD is the anti-cancer agent hydroxyurea which is associated with a number of side effects. Hence, there is a significant unmet medical need for developing a novel treatment for SCD.
Aes-103 is a potential therapy for sickle cell disease
AesRx is a biopharmaceutical company that is focused on the development of two novel drugs that targets two different orphan diseases. Of these two drugs, the lead program is a drug called Aes-103 (5-hydroxymethyl-2-furfuraldehyde (5HMF)) which has the potential to treat SCD. The prevalence of SCD is less than 200,000 in the US and it is highly prevalent in Asian and African countries (Table 1). Because of the low US prevalence of SCD, Aes-103 received the orphan designation from the FDA in 2006, which in turn qualifies it for an accelerated FDA review.
Table 1: Prevalence of SCD in the US and rest of the world.
5HMF increases the affinity of sickled hemoglobin for oxygen (Abdulmalik et al., 2005). 5HMF and other related hydroxymethylfurfurals (HMFs) have been identified in a wide variety of heat-processed foods. Consequently, a large volume of safety data (estimated to be worth about $3.5 million) is available from a number of toxicological studies have already been performed by the scientific community. Hence, Aes-103 has been sufficiently ‘de-risked’ as human and animal safety data was already available. However, for IND submission, other additional pharmacological and toxicological preclinical data are required.
Aes-103 has also benefitted from 2 NIH grants: (i) a Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) grant to further the preclinical development process, and (ii) Rapid Access to Invention Development (RAID) grant for cGMP manufacture. In spite of these grants, Aes-103 was pushed to the brink in the ‘Valley of Death’ (Usdin, 2010). AesRx was unable to raise the several million dollars required to complete the preclinical studies required to file an IND. This is because the current model of financial investment in drug discovery and development is changing. In these economically trying times, venture capitalists (VCs) and big pharmaceutical companies are not willing to make an investment until some human proof-of-concept data is available. These investors are moving away from investing in preclinical studies and are more willing to invest later in the drug development cycle – late Phase II or III, i.e., well past the ‘Valley of Death’. As a result, there is a funding gap at the preclinical stage and consequently, a number of compounds are left to languish in the ‘Valley of Death’.
TRND-AesRx partnership to develop Aes-103
Aes-103 was teetering at the rim of the ‘Valley of Death’ when TRND stepped in to rescue it. Aes-103 is one of the first molecules to enter the TRND program. For TRND, Aes-103 was attractive because: (i) it fits the goals, i.e., huge need for therapy in an unaddressed market, (ii) the proposed mechanism of action had already been validated, (iii) it is orally bioavailable, (iv) the compound was sufficiently ‘de-risked’ as human and animal safety data was already available, and (v) patents had already been issued. These factors led to a reduction in the lead optimization that is required for further development of Aes-103. However, IND application requires a number of other toxicological and preclinical studies as well.
Apart from saving Aes-103 from the ‘Valley of Death’, TRND fits the other needs of AesRx. As a small, ‘virtual’ company, AesRx outsources most of its R&D. Hence, a partnership with TRND, with all its drug development resources helps to move the preclinical and a part of the clinical studies forward.
Upon finalizing the TRND-AesRx collaboration, a project team was formed between the two entities to discuss and develop a project plan. This project plan included details such as development plan, timeline, milestones and deliverables, and Go/No-Go decision points. If these criteria are not met, the project can be terminated. As far as the intellectual property (IP) is concerned, the IP owned by AesRx (the ‘institution’s IP’) will be used in the project. Any new IP created from the TRND-AesRx partnership will be determined according to the patent laws.
AesRx expects to file for an IND for Aes-103 in the fourth quarter of 2011, provided that all of the preclinical hurdles can be crossed. The AesRx-NIH collaboration will continue even after the IND has been approved. AesRx will work with National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) for Phase I and IIa clinical trials, expected to begin sometime during late 2011 or early 2012. This clinical trial is expected to provide mechanistic proof-of-principle, identify biomarkers of clinical activity, determine dosage, etc. Aes-103 is expected to meet the objectives of TRND in 2013-2014. Once the proof-of-concept is established, AesRx anticipates on working with external partners (e.g. pharmaceutical companies) to move the compound forward. A pharmaceutical partner has not been identified yet. However, as Africa is expected to be AesRx’s largest market by size, albeit, a tertiary market, drug distribution expertise in Africa will be desirable. In terms of financial measures, AesRx expects to make its ROI through its primary markets – US and EU. In addition to the primary market, the secondary markets are the Middle East and India, while the tertiary market is sub-Saharan Africa. If the drug is approved, Aes-103 will enjoy 7 years of exclusivity. The annual market potential is expected to be over $1 billion (Source:).
PPPs do not solve all the problems
For AesRx, artnership with TRND is not the panacea for all problems. While, TRND provides resources and services for orphan drug development, it does not provide any direct monetary support. Even though AesRx is a small, ‘virtual’ company, it still needs funds to cover its overhead costs. Consequently, the company has to look beyond the TRND program to support itself monetarily. One such source of financial support has been through the Accelerator Program loan from the Massachusetts Life Science Center – AesRx was recently awarded a loan of $750,000.
Summary
In summary, there is a huge need for developing drugs for orphan diseases. Public-private partnerships (PPP) can help develop drugs for these diseases. Such partnerships reduce risks and costs for both public and private sector partners. These PPPs encourage the development of new safe and effective medical products for orphan diseases and in the process help to achieve a critical public health objective. However, PPPs are not an end-all solution for the woes associated with drug development. The current model of drug development requires significant further change to encourage and sustain the ‘pipeline’ over a long run, while still delivering safe and effective drugs to meet the growing challenges related to human health.
Acknowledgements
I am thankful to Christopher P. Austin, M.D., Director, NIH Center for Translational Therapeutics and Stephen R. Seiler, Founder and Chief Executive Officer, AesRx for providing some of the details pertaining to TRND-AesRx partnership.
References
- Abdulmalik, O., Safo, M.K., Chen, Q., Yang, J., Brugnara, C., Ohene-Frempong, K., Abraham, D.J., and Asakura, T. 5-hydroxymethyl-2-furfural modifies intracellular sickle haemoglobin and inhibits sickling of red blood cells. British Journal of Haematology, 128 (4): 552–61 (2005).
- Braun, M.M., Farag-El-Massah, S., Xu, K., and Coté, T.R. Emergence of orphan drugs in the United States: a quantitative assessment of the first 25 years. Nature Reviews Drug Discovery, 9(7): 519-22 (2010).
- Coté, T.R., Xu, K., and Pariser, A.R. Accelerating orphan drug development. Nature Reviews Drug Discovery, 9(12):901-2 (2010).
- Farrugia, C., Reynolds, T., Orr, R. J. Public-Private Partnership Agencies: A Global Perspective. Collaboratory for Research on Global Projects. Working Paper #39 (2008).
- Lazdins-Helds, J.K. Drug development through public private partnerships (PPP). Presented at the Symposium on Public Sector IP Management in the Life Sciences on December 15, 2008.
- Nwaka, S., and Ridley, R. ‘Virtual’ drug discovery and development for neglected diseases through public-private partnerships. Nature Reviews Drug Discovery, 2: 919−928 (2003):
- O’Connell, D. Neglected Diseases. Nature, 449: 157 (2007).
- Orphan Drug Act, H.R. 5238, Public Law No. 97–414, 97th Congress (1983).
- Rare Diseases Act and Diseases Orphan Product Development Act. Public Law No. 107-280, 116 Stat 1988 (2002).
- Usdin, S. Translation under one roof. Science–Business eXchange (2010).
Web links
- Food and Drug Administration – orphan drug designations and approvals –
- National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) – Sickle cell anemia (SCA):
- National Institutes of Health (NIH) – Office of Rare Disease Research (ORDR):
- Therapeutics for Rare and Neglected Diseases (TRND):
- World Health Organization (WHO) – neglected tropical diseases::
- 1900 circa 15 years
- Original Format:
- Photographic Print
- Item#:
- MES03021
- Height:
- 1080.At Domino's at 2068 Cedar St, we offer you the best in pizza delivery and beyond! We're the restaurant to beat, offering you millions of ways to create your pizza and delivering them right to your door!? Pick from our dipping, place an order, it's all about you here at Domino's.
Looking for a job at your local 2068 Cedar St Domino's? Your local Domino's provides a variety of job opportunities for Holt residents like you, Holt. 2068 Cedar St Domino's crew can do for you.
Mon-Thu: 10:30 a.m. to 12 a.m.
Fri-Sat: 10:30 a.m. to 1 a.m.
Sun: 10:30 a.m. to 12 a.m.
(517) 694-8115- Getty Images
- Left to right, director Lynn Shelton, actress Rosemarie DeWitt and actress Emily Blunt on January 21, 2012 in Park City, Utah.
Lynn Shelton didn’t make her first movie until she was nearly 40 years old. But in the seven years since, the Seattle-based director has churned out a series of emotionally engaging projects for both film and television.
Shelton’s latest feature, “Your Sister’s Sister,” is a comedic drama that stars actor Mark Duplass as a man haunted by his brother’s death. To help him through a particularly rough patch, his best friend (played by Emily Blunt) invites him to her family’s island retreat, not knowing that her lesbian sister (Rosemarie DeWitt) is staying there as well.
Shelton says she feels lucky that her cinematic interests revolve around interpersonal dynamics, because it makes her job easier in today’s independent film scene.
“I don’t care about explosions and blood effects and sci-fi green screens or whatever; I just want to put a microscope on two or three people, or sometimes more, and explore the relationships between human beings,” Shelton says. “This means I can literally pick up a camera and get a group of my friends together and go make a movie any time I want.”
Speakeasy spoke to Shelton about making “Your Sister’s Sister,” which debuted at the Toronto International Film Festival last year and comes out in limited release June 15.
Speakeasy: You’re known for maintaining a very improvisation-heavy set and giving actors in your movies sketched-out outlines, rather than finished scripts, to work from. Is it difficult to convince an actor like Emily Blunt, who typically works from finished scripts, to let go and embrace improv?
Lynn Shelton: I think Emily came to “My Sister’s Sister” because she was interested in my filmmaking experience, which I described to her as being very, very collaborative and something where her input would be extremely essential. It really feels like film camp, or the polar opposite of working on a giant huge studio production. I mean, “Your Sister’s Sister” was a very intimate set but also a very intimate living situation. We were all living in these little houses right next to each other and walking over to the picture house every day and eating beautiful home-cooked meals every night and sharing campfires.
In addition to directing “Your Sister’s Sister,” you also have a cameo in the new indie release “Safety Not Guaranteed” – which stars Mark Duplass. Not a coincidence, I’m guessing.
Mark was one of the producers on that film and was the one to bring it to Seattle. They shot it up here with an expanded version of my typical crew. Being an on-set junkie, I leapt at the chance after Mel [Eslyn], who was the first assistant director, called and asked if I wanted that part.
Having directed episodes of the television shows “Mad Men” and “New Girl,” how do you like TV directing versus film directing?
Directing television is another opportunity just to direct, period. I love being on set and can’t get on set often enough. The shortest amount of time between my feature films has been about 14 months and it’s just way too much time between projects. TV directing is also really exhilarating because I get to work with a whole new crew; for my films, I always work with the same people in Seattle. I love them, but sometimes it’s nice to work with actors that I didn’t cast myself – I like being able to direct without having the entire creative vision be in my hands and just fulfill somebody else’s vision, like Matthew Weiner’s on “Mad Men.”
Would you ever want to direct a studio film?
I want to keep making movies and exploring different challenges, and if some of [my movies] are more commercial than others, that’s fine with me. The film that I just wrapped, “Touchy Feely” is an example of a film that is a departure from the last three films I made, which were all basically three-character chamber pieces with one location and this new film has an ensemble cast and multiple story lines.
In the end, I just care about making work that I can be proud of. It’s a very hard long process to make a movie and I don’t want to spend a year and a half, two years of my life on a film that I don’t really feel passionate about. I came to filmmaking kind of late in my life –I was almost 40 — and it might be different if I was 22 or 25. Then I might be willing to be like, “Yeah, I’ll do a ‘Transformers 5’ or whatever.” But I’m just not there. I’m not adverse to do something with more toys and more money, but I also want to make sure that it’s a good fit and the story is really something I can get behind.
For the latest entertainment news Follow @WSJSpeakeasy each class. We are so grateful and thankful for our lovely attendee’s! Can’t wait to have YOU at our next digital photography workshop on March 31st!!!
A? 1:30-6:30pm
Where do I sign up? Use the button below to pay through paypal using your credit or debit card. All payments are non-refundable.
[…] Huntsville workshop link: Huntsville Photography Workshop […]When passengers are checking luggage with firearms, firearm parts, and ammunition, they’re required to declare the items with the airline and ensure they are packed properly. TSA has no role in the declaration process. However, if a Transportation Security Officer (TSO) has to search your checked bag and comes across weapons or ammunition that have not been properly declared or packed, they will have to notify a law enforcement officer as well as an airline representative. Depending on the laws of that state you’re in, you may be fined or even arrested.
Samuel L. Jackson). That’s why the prohibited items list differs between checked and carry-on baggage.
We have state of the art explosive detection systems (EDS) in many of our checked baggage locations which work like the MRI and CT scan machines you see in the hospitals. EDS machines can quickly determine if a bag contains a potential threat or not. If our machines alarm on an item, we have procedures combining explosive trace detection and bag searches to help us clear those alarms. In locations without the EDS, we use explosive trace detection in conjunction with bag searches.Frozen monkey heads, kitchen sinks, goat heads and yes, guns, ammo, and knives of all sizes. So make sure you properly declare your guns and ammo, or you might incur an unexpected layover.
Advice From TSA.gov on Traveling With Firearms, Firearm Parts & Ammunition
Blogger Bob
TSA Blog Team
:O MOREEE :D
omg... i dont't know what to say... this...this... THIS IS TOTALLY FRIKING AWESOME!!!! THIS SONG RULEZ!!!!!!!!!! xDD
thank you so very much!
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
Great
This piece of music is just great, it would be perfect if it was just a little bit louder...
``````
thanks... you're the first one to say that (louder), honestly, I read all the reviews and responded to all of them.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
How lovely
Base is almost so high that my speakers could start cracking, but they didn't. Even if they did i wouldn't have a particular problem with the song because of its overall "pleasantness"
thank you very much.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
yo dis some true shit!
the bass rocks, the beat nice, song could hate = win
thanks^^
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
Techno Mario Is Awesome
It doesn't help that the badgers were dancing while the song was playing, either. :o
lol thanksResidential
|
Business
|
Contractors & Plumbers
Español
|
Search our FAQs
|
|
|
Gas Emergency: 1-800-344-4077
Customer Service: 1-800-344-4077
Always Call 811 Before You Dig
Inclusion & Diversity
Our Leadership Team
Online Customer Panel
Resources
Glossary of Terms
Tariff Information
Document Upload
Customer Feedback
Career Opportunities
News Room
ENERGY STAR® EPA Recognizes AEP Ohio/Columbia Gas of Ohio New Homes as 2012 ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year
Thursday, March 15, 2012
COLUMBUS, Ohio
– The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) today presented the AEP Ohio/Columbia Gas of Ohio ENERGY STAR® New Homes program with its 2012 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award.
The and Columbia Gas of Ohio service territories a selection of new homes with greater energy savings and value built right in. The program also assists home builders in meeting or exceeding stricter energy codes.
Over the past 20 years, American families and businesses have saved nearly $230 billion on utility bills and prevented greenhouse gas emissions equal to those from more than 350 million vehicles with help from ENERGY STAR.
“AEP Ohio and Columbia Gas of Ohio are committed to working in partnership with ENERGY STAR to help our customers save more through energy efficiency,” said Joe Hamrock, AEP Ohio President and Chief Operating Officer. “Through a combination of advanced building practices, AEP Ohio and Columbia Gas of Ohio are working with participating builders and home energy rating companies to promote a higher standard in the construction of energy-efficient new homes.”
"The ENERGY STAR New Homes program has enabled us to offer our customers the opportunity to save money and reduce energy use statewide," said Columbia Gas of Ohio President Jack Partridge. “We have joined with AEP Ohio to create a program that delivers energy savings and value beyond the typical ENERGY STAR qualified home, resulting in greater comfort, lower energy bills and a healthier living environment for customers.”
The ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Awards for Energy Efficiency Program Delivery are given to a variety of organizations in recognition of their efforts to improve energy efficiency and reduce pollution, resulting in significant cost savings. Award winners are selected from about 20,000 organizations that participate in the ENERGY STAR program.
“As we celebrate the 20th anniversary of the ENERGY STAR program, EPA is proud to recognize AEP Ohio and Columbia Gas of Ohio with the 2012 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year Award for Energy Efficiency Program Delivery,” said EPA Administrator Lisa P. Jackson. “AEP Ohio/Columbia Gas of Ohio and all our ENERGY STAR award winners are helping Americans find cost-effective ways to save energy in everything we do, which is good for our climate, our health, and our future.”
AEP Ohio and Columbia Gas of Ohio’s accomplishments are being recognized today at an awards ceremony in Washington, D.C. marking the 20th anniversary of ENERGY STAR. For more information about the AEP Ohio/Columbia Gas of Ohio ENERGY STAR New Homes Program, visit
AEPOhio.com
or
ColumbiaGasOhio.com/ESNH
.
About AEP Ohio
AEP Ohio provides electricity to nearly 1.5 million customers of major American Electric Power
.
About Columbia Gas of Ohio
SafeGasOhio.org
.
EnergyStar.gov
or call toll-free 1-888-STAR-YES (1-888-782-7937).
Privacy
News Room
Careers
NiSource.com
© 2015 Columbia Gas of OhioLocations / Hours
St. John offers Five convenient Urgent Care locations
Hours
Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 7:30 p.m.
Saturday and Sunday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
For information on the emergency department at St. John Medical Center, click here.
*St. John Clinic Urgent Care is closed on Easter, Thanksgiving, Christmas and Memorial Day.Next week, we’ll have two interesting guest speakers during our course:
- on 26 April, Ruth Arban, Client Director at Young&Rubicam Italy (one of most important advertising agencies in the world, part of WPP group and with a client portfolio that includes Barilla, Coop, Land Rover, Lavazza, Poste Italiane, Rio Mare, Vodafone and many more) for the lecture “Resist the Usual: The Advertising Agency Young & Rubicam”;
- on 27 April, Guido Ghedin, Founder&Managing Partner at Young Digitals (digital communication agency founded in 2010 and operating in several international markets, including China, for clients such as Bulgari, Lamborghini, Police, Technogym and Trussardi) for the lecture “International Communication and Digital Media”.
…DON’T MISS THEM!!!
AdvertisementsYou're stressing out trying to juggle five major projects at the office when -- all of a sudden -- a family crisis surfaces. How do you cope?
If an illness, death or other major concern is pushing you to the limit, you need to try to stay calm and lay out an action plan with workable stages. Here are some tips to help:
Don't Tell the Boss Too Much -- Yet
Why? You don't want to overload him too soon. If your crisis worsens, you may need to solicit cooperation from your boss.
If you verbalize too many details now, it will make it hard for your boss to listen later. Share the bare facts only; this will help the boss stay open to offering you flextime or resources if things go from bad to worse.
Alert Certain Clients
Contact only those who need to know. Email them, saying, "I have a family emergency. I can't get the information you requested until early next week." Or phone important customers to say, "I have a family crisis going on. I will be in my office from 9 a.m. until noon only this week."
Ask for Communication Support
Ask trusted people close to your family crisis to alert you if things get worse, or ask a coworker to serve as your communication liaison with the office.
For example, if a family member is in the hospital, ask a specific nurse on each shift to call you if anything changes. At the same time, arrange for a trusted coworker to forward work emails to your home.
Call in Favors
Ask lots of people for a little help. If your crisis is really stressful, it's better to risk straining a few people than overload yourself to the max. You could ask your next-door neighbor to pick up your son from school. For at least a few days, ask someone to drive needed papers to your home or office.
"I had to become a humble man," says one business owner. "I had to ask many favors of my secretary, her husband, my brother and my neighbor when my wife fell down a flight of stairs."
"Our three kids are under age 10," he continues. "By the fourth day after the accident, my life was coming apart. I'd advise anyone to ask for help early on. Don't wait too long."
Try to Work in Focused Time Slots
When a crisis first arises, you may have to leave work for three straight days -- or three straight weeks. But when things calm down, you'll probably want to deal with pressing work matters. Focused time slots can help.
"When a tornado hit the corner of my house, one of my children was injured badly," says one factory supervisor. "I worked from 9 a.m. to 10:30 a.m., left to be with my child and returned in the afternoons for an hour and a half and then left again. This went on for two straight weeks. By focusing well, I managed my job just fine."
Find Out If Your Company Offers Any Resources
Ask someone in HR if your company can provide time off, dependent-care assistance or another resource that will help you deal with your situation.
"My company helped me arrange housing for out-of-town relatives when my wife died," says one supervisor. "They also paid for child-care assistance for two weeks. My boss arranged vacation time for me and appointed a company assistant to bring work to my house for more than two months."
To manage your crisis, you need to gain information, find support and stay focused. Ask questions and don't give up until you get acceptable answers. As soon as you can reasonably stabilize the crisis situation, create a plan for your family to cope. The crisis, your home life and work all need to be managed as individually as possible.
Want more personalized results?
Update Your Profile
View All Latest Jobs
Featured Advice Resources:Apple Streaming iPad Event on Web, iOS, Apple TV
You don’t have to go to San Jose to see Apple’s product launch today, as long as you have Apple hardware and a broadband connection: The company is streaming the event on its Web site (via Safari only), on iOS devices, and on Apple TV. And if you like text and pictures, AllThingsD will have that, too, beginning around 12:30 pm ET.Page 484
Robert J. Ray was born December 7th, 1864, at Flatcreek, Bedford County, Tennessee, and died Tuesday, June 2nd, 1931, at Lawton,
Comanche County, Oklahoma.
Judge Ray left his home in Tennessee while yet a boy in years and came out to West Texas, but later changed his residence
to Dallas. He was ambitious to acquire an education. Early in life he began the study of law and took a law course in Lebanon
Tennessee Law School. When it was announced that part of old Indian Territory which had been designated Oklahoma was to be opened to settlement, he at once decided that this was an opportunity for a young lawyer and he cast his lot with
the thousands of prospective settlers in 1889—And since that time his life has been a part of the history of our Great State.
When territorial government was established by the Organic Act (May 2nd, 1890), three judges were appointed; they were to
have jurisdiction over both Territorial and United States cases. They held their first session in Guthrie in June 1890, and
at that session Robert J. Ray made application to practice law and was admitted to the bar. He was active in the practice
all of his life, except when discharging the duties of the several public offices to which he had been elected or appointed.
Judge Ray was a pioneer lawyer at the time of the opening of Oklahoma in 1889; he was a pioneer lawyer at Cheyenne, Roger
Mills County, Oklahoma, after the opening of the Cheyenne and Arapaho reservations, April 19th, 1892; and was one of the first
lawyers practicing at Woodward after the opening of the Cherokee Outlet on September 16th, 1893. He afterwards located at
Lawton, Comanche County, at the opening of the Kiowa and Comanche reservation in the fall of 1901, where he continued the
practice of his chosen profession.
As to his standing in the profession, I quote from an article from the Oklahoma State Bar Journal of June 1931.
"Judge Ray was one of the outstanding lawyers of the Southwest, and highly ethical in the practice, not only in law, but in
his private dealings with his fellowman; being never known to compromise or swerve from what he considered just and proper.
While in the Supreme Court Commission, he wrote some outstanding opinions, which settled for all time certain contentions
of how a certain rule of law should apply; and it was frequently said that when Judge Ray wrote an opinion 'then that is the
law'."
At the opening of the Cherokee Outlet, September 16th, 1893, Judge Ray located at Woodward, and was appointed one of the three
commissioners of "N" County (now Woodward County). He was elected to the Territorial Council in 1894 from Council District
Number Thirteen. It was rather a singular co-incidence that he was the only democrat who served in the Council of the Third
Legislative Assembly. I have often heard it said that Judge Ray had more influence in that legislature than any other man.
He was so well informed regarding the affairs of the Territory and so honest and conscientious in the consideration of every
subject that his opinion was respected and he was able to wield a vast influence in the legislature.
Page 485
Soon after his return from the Capital at the close of the legislative session, he was appointed by President Cleveland, Registrar
of the United States Land Office at Woodward; a position of trust and responsibility. He held this position some two or three
years, and upon retirement from this office he resumed the practice of law, having for a partner, Honorable Temple Houston,
the distinguished son of General Samuel Houston.
When the Kiowa and Comanche reservation was opened to settlement in the fall of 1901, Judge Ray moved from Woodward to Lawton
and opened a law office. He knew many of the new settlers and he soon had a lucrative practice.
Judge Ray was elected County Judge of Comanche County in 1916 and presided over that Court until 1922.
In 1923 he was appointed a member of the Supreme Court Commission and served in that capacity until 1927. The duties of that
office were at the Capital and he made his home in this City, but upon retiring returned to his former home at Lawton.
In his home town he was always active in civic affairs, assisting in every way where his services could be useful. During
the war Judge Ray was chairman of the Legal Advisory Voard; chairman of the Council of Defense, and chairman of the Draft
Board. Wherever he could do good in his community, or to his fellowman, his services were freely and gladly given.
While residing at Woodward he married Miss Olive B. Smith, daughter of B. B. Smith, county attorney of Woodward County. Miss
Smith was a highly educated, intelligent, refined lady. They have one son, Kenneth, who resides at Lawton. Mrs. Ray is a lawyer,
having been admitted to the bar several years ago. It is her intention to carry on the law work of her late husband.
Judge Ray was a man who had opinions of his own upon most every subject, and was inclined to hold fast those opinions. The
fact that someone else thought differently or that he was in the minority would not cause him to change those opinions unless
he was convinced that he was in the wrong.
There has been many changes and much history written since Oklahoma was opened to settlement by proclamation of President
Harrison issued March 23, 1889. It has been an era of progress and development throughout the Nation. Not only have we made
advancements in material things but humanity has made progress in all that exalts and embellishes civilization. Upon the stage
of life in this wonderful epoch of material and cultural advancement, Robert J. Ray played his part and played it well. Coming
to Oklahoma in the springtime of his life, full of hope and ambition, and endowed with superior intelligence and an honesty
of purpose that could never be questioned, he left a record of achievement that will ever crown his memory.
Forty-two years is not a long time in history, but it is a long time in human life. Of all of those who were at the opening
of Oklahoma Territory to settlement in 1889, and who had a part in the establishment of civil government, and of those who
were leaders in the organization of schools and churches, and of the doctors and lawyers who were engaged in the practice
of their professions the first year after the opening of Oklahoma, only a few are with us yet.
Judge Ray was a democrat in his political affiliations and an ardent believer in the principles of that party. He assisted
in the organization of the party in Oklahoma and was a delegate to the first convention held in the Territory March 11th,
1890.
He was an ideal citizen and a kindly man, who like, Abou ben Adhem, loved his fellowman. As a friend, he was a man in whom
one could confide his hopes and ambitions without fear of having them mis-
Page 486
understood, or could unbosom the deep sorrows and disappointments of life with the assurance that he was giving his confidence
to a man who had an intelligent understanding and a sympathetic heart.
In a memorial tribute by The Reverend T. J. Irwin of Lawton, who had known Judge Ray for more than thirty years, he used these
words:
"Judge Ray studied his Bible, followed the meek and lowly Nazarene, and lived the law that commands us to do unto others as
we would that they should do unto us. He was a scholar. He studied laws of God and man. He had a lovable disposition and an
attractive manner. Judge Ray was an honest man in thought, honest in word, and honest in deed."
The writer is glad to have been numbered among the friends of Judge Ray. I made his acquaintance in the spring of 1889, and
we became friends and that friendship lasted until the day of his death.
DWP.
"To the past go more dead faces,
Every year.
Come no new ones in their places,
Every year.
Everywhere the sad eyes meet us,
In the evening's dusk they greet us,
And to come to them entreat us,
Every year."
(Albert Pike)
Died June 27, 1931, at Anthony, Kans., A. J. Titus, founder of Cherokee and its mayor for 18 years.
Andrew J. Titus was born March 11, 1865, at Serepta, N. J., and moved to Kansas with his parents in 1878.
In 1891 he was elected district court clerk of Harper county, Kans., and served two terms. In 1893 he made the "run" into
the Cherokee Strip from Caldwell, Kans., but soon abandoned his claim, near what is now Lamont, Okla.
He served two terms in the Kansas legislature during the populist days, when he was a confidential friend of Governor Leedy,
Jerry Simpson, and U. S. Senator Harris.
In 1901 he laid out the town of Cherokee, and in enticing railroads into that rich farming community put down 56 miles of
road bed in the Cherokee Strip.
Before the rails reached the little prairie village he hired the Rockaway stage to "make" the new town, and after rail communication
was made built the Cherokee Mill and Elevator Company's roller mills, and throughout the whole history of the town refused
to allow a saloon within the city limits.
In 1907 he drew with his own hand the map which divided old Woods county into Major, Alfalfa, and the present Woods counties.
During his 18 years of mayorship he supervised the erection of Cherokee's school buildings and municipal light plant, and
was especially interested in the public playgrounds which he established in the town.
Titus has made Cherokee the attractive town it is today. His efforts in its interests have been varied as well as numerous.
Cherokee citizens speak truly when they refer to him as the "daddy of Cherokee."
—Edna Muldrow.
Page 487
We are printing below an obituary which was published in the Woodward News Bulletin, Woodward, Oklahoma, October 23, 1931,
of Mr. James P. Renfrew.
Mr. Renfrew had long been identified with the Oklahoma Historical Society and was one of our earliest members. At the May
1928 meeting of the Board of Directors of the Society, he was by unanimous vote elected an honorary member of this Society.
"James P. Renfrew died at Woodward General Hospital at 7:15 a. m. October 16, 1931, at the age of eighty-two years, one month
and sixteen days, having been born in Benton County, Iowa, August 31, 1849.
Mr. Renfrew lived for many years in Caldwell County, Missouri, moving from there to Barber County, Kansas, in January, 1887.
He Moved to Woods County, Oklahoma, at the opening of the Cherokee Strip, September 16, 1893, and settled on a farm. In 1894,
he was elected to the office of county treasurer of Woods County.
In May, 1899, he became part owner of the Alva Review and was part owner of that paper for three years. On July 10, 1902,
he published the first issue of Renfrew's Record at Alva, and continued its ownership until February 1921, the paper now being
owned by A. W. Doughty and published as the Alva Record.
In May, 1910, he was elected and served one year as president of the Oklahoma Press Association. In 1911 he served as a member
of the Board of Regents of the Boys' State Training School at Pauls Valley. From 1916 to 1922 he served as postmaster of Alva.
Mrs. Renfrew died December 18, 1924, since which time Mr. Renfrew has made his home with his son, J. A. Renfrew, at Alva,
and at Woodward where he has been confined to the Woodward General Hospital.
He is survived by John A. Renfrew, son, living at Alva; Rufus O. Renfrew, son, living at Woodward; a sister, Mrs. Emily J.
DeGeer, National City California; Mrs. Mary DeGeer, sister, of Trenton, New Jersey; Mrs. Hessie L. Nuce, sister, of Boone,
Colorado; Mrs. Edith L. Street granddaughter, and family, of Sharon, Oklahoma; and Mrs. Fred King, granddaughter, living at
Guymon, Oklahoma.
Funeral services were held at the First Methodist Episcopal Church in Alva, Oklahoma, of which he had formerly been a member,
at 2:00 p. m., last Sunday, followed by interment in the A. O. U. W. cemetery.,
Page 488.
Charles Henry Bower, *son of Alex Bower and his wife Elizabeth Bower, nee Rothrock, born August 16, 1860, at Fredericksburg, Virginia. Died about
twelve miles southwest of Chickasha, November 26, 1928. Buried at Laverty, Grady County, Oklahoma. His father and mother were
both Episcopalians. He was married to Miss Zimmie Clark at El Reno, Oklahoma, on January 17, 1895. His wife and one daughter,
Mable Virginia, now Mrs. Key Goetting, who resides with her, 910 South 20th Street, Chickasha, Oklahoma, survive.
Having completed his course in the public schools of the city of his birth he finished in a law school at Baltimore, Maryland,
and later studied medicine at Baltimore, but did not pursue either profession, coming West settling in Texas and engaging
in the cattle business. About 1891 he settled on a farm near Chickasha where he resided at the time of his death. He held
no public office except as delegate from District No. 41 to the Oklahoma Constitutional Convention.
Page 489
It will be the privilege of but few men to create a greater influence upon the history of Oklahoma than has the life of Eugene
B. Lawson whose passing on June 25th., 1931, at his home in Tulsa, Oklahoma, after a brief illness, came as a distinct shock
to his friends and to the State at large.
Born near Shelbyville, Kentucky, on May 27th, 1871, the son of the late William H. and Polly M. Lawson, he attained his early
education in the Public Schools of Shelbyville and at Scearces Academy at that place—at nineteen he was teaching school in
Archer County, Texas, for five years supported himself by teaching, devoting his unoccupied hours to the study of law, and
at the age of twenty-four was admitted to the bar at Wichita Falls, Texas. As soon as he was admitted to the practice of law
young Lawson cast about for a suitable location and decided upon Nowata in the Indian Territory, and began the practice of
his profession there in 1896. His efforts were marked with success from the beginning and in a few years he attained a reputation
for ability, honesty and integrity which brought him an extensive and lucrative practice.
On October 31, 1901, at Alluwe, Oklahoma, Mr. Lawson married Roberta E. Campbell, daughter of the late John E. Campbell and
Emma J. Campbell, and he is survived by her and by their son, Edward C. Lawson, who was born at Nowata, Oklahoma, October
7, 1905, and who has succeeded to his father's business.
Upon coming in to the Indian Territory, Eugene B. Lawson quickly aligned himself with every man or group of men who desired
to obtain for Oklahoma and Indian Territories better living conditions, better government, better law enforcement and the
early admission of these Territories into the Union as a sovereign State, and the attainment of each of these objectives was
assisted by his influence, energy and his means.
A republican in politics, he became the standard bearer of his party for member of the Constitutional Convention of the State
and later for the office of Lieutenant Governor and proved himself an able and active campaigner. A man of great energy and
almost unlimited capacity for accomplishment of every purpose, it was not unnatural to find that his profession did not keep
him from becoming one of the organizers of the First National Bank of Nowata and interested in the banking business, a producer
of oil, a manufacturer of ice with plants in five cities in Oklahoma and Kansas, and with it all a love for the fields and
streams and the sea, and time to hunt and take what God gave man dominion over.
At the height of a successful law practice Mr. Lawson determined to retire and to devote his entire time to his other business
enterprises, and in 1914 he discontinued the practice of law and began enlarging his interests in the oil business, extending
his operations into Kansas and Texas, and becoming one of the largest independent oil operators in the State. In order to
be more centrally located for the conduct of his business he removed from Nowata to Tulsa in 1927 and resided with his family
at 1008 Sunset Drive in that city at the time of his death.
Mr. Lawson was a member of the Presbyterian Church, a Mason, and a member of a number of civic and social organizations and
clubs, and in these as in all other activities of life his talents were not buried.
On June 27, 1931, he was laid to rest in Memorial Park near Tulsa, on a hill-side looking toward the rising of the sun, and
his family and friends standing at his sepulcher with one accord could say—here lies a man whose friendship was sincere, whose
love was genuine, whose sympathy was unlimited, a gentleman.
"He that followeth after righteousness and kindness
Findeth life, righteousness and honor."
—J. Wood Glass.
Page 490
George A. Fooshee, born in White County, Tennessee, September 30, 1869. Son of Jonas and Jennie Fooshee, nee Crook. His maternal
grandfather John B. Crook was one of the early settlers in Tennessee and like Jonas Fooshee was a farmer. His father and mother
died in the early 90's in Tennessee with the following children surviving: Joseph C., of Dayton, Tennessee; George A.; and
Robert L. of Sparta, Tennessee, all of whom grew to manhood in Meigs County, Tennessee. Owing to the stringency of the financial
circumstances of his parents in his early youth he was unable to procure a rudimentary education. When twenty years old with
a brother he entered school at Decatur, Tennessee. After the first year he taught a country school and for the next eight
years he alternated between attending school and teaching school and farming until he graduated from the University of Tennessee
with a degree Bachelor of Law, after which he removed to Nocona, Texas, where he engaged in the practice of the law until
1903 when he removed to Coalgate, Indian Territory, forming a law partnership with David D. Brunson, continuing in such partnership
and actively in the practice of the law until the date of his death. Whilst residing in Nocona, Texas, he was a member of
the school board and mayor of the town. He was active in civic and community affairs and in Democratic politics and in the
movement to obtain statehood, being a delegate to practically every convention convened for the purpose of obtaining a single
state out of the two territories, and was chairman of the Democratic Committee for the Twenty-third Recording District of
Indian Territory, and as such taking an active part in the election of Democratic delegates to the Constitutional Convention.
He served as a member of the school board after statehood practically continuous until his death and was active in church
affairs, being a member of the Methodist Episcopal Church, South, and a member of the official board. In Coalgate he was city
attorney prior to and after statehood.
In Meigs County Tennessee, on January 18, 1894, he was married to Miss Minnie Powell, daughter of R. C. Powell, a farmer and
merchant. The following children were born as a result of this marriage: Joseph C., George Trewitt, Lillian and Zetta Lee.
To his wife he gave all credit for his educational accomplishments, she having warmly seconded his efforts in procuring and
completing his education. Whilst he was attending college she kept boarders and aided in the support of the family until he
was to begin his successful career as a lawyer.
He died Nov. 16, 1916, and is buried at Coalgate.
(See History of the State of Oklahoma, by Hill 1909, page 230).
Andrew Louis Hausam, born in Wilkesbarre, Pennsylvania October 19, 1866. Son of Andrew Louis Hausam, Sr., and his wife Elizabeth
Hausam, nee Tisch. Both father and mother having been born in Germany migrated to the United States about the year 1860 and
were married shortly after their arrival. His widow, Mrs. Dora Hausam, who survives him resides on the home place about one
mile west of Coweta in Wagoner County. The following children also survive: Jay Hausam, eldest son, Tulsa, Oklahoma; Louis
Hausam, Great Bend, Kansas; Homa Hausam, Coweta, Oklahoma; Okla Hausam, Coweta, Oklahoma; Dessie Hausam, a daughter died in
Bucklin, Kansas, thirteen years ago having been married to Harrold Buttolph. Andrew Louis Hausam, Jr., had the
Page 491
following brothers and sister: Adam Hausam, Vicadia, California; Andrew Hausam, Coweta, Oklahoma, who died December 31, 1930;
Anne Phenis, Perry, Oklahoma; John Hausam, Hutchinson, Kansas; George Hausam, Hutchinson, Kansas, who died the latter part
of February, 1931; and Cassie Wayland, Perry, Oklahoma.
He was a successful farmer residing on a well improved 280 acre farm about one mile west of Coweta, Wagoner, County, Oklahoma,
at the time of his death and owning several other tracts in various parts of the county. He was active in Democratic politics
and civic movements pertaining to the town and community life. He was a member of the Oklahoma Constitutional Convention,
representing District No. 70. In 1907 at the erection of the state he was elected as County Commissioner in Wagoner County,
Oklahoma. In 1922 he was again elected as County Commissioner in said county.
When a youth he removed with his father from Pennsylvania to Missouri where he spent his boyhood. In 1889 he made the run
into old Oklahoma Territory, filing on a claim about four miles east of Guthrie, which he transformed by his own labor into
one of the fine farms that surround that city, and on which place he erected an attractive and comfortable home. Renting this
farm—which he still owned at the time of his death—in 1901 he came to Coweta and soon thereafter acquired the place on which
he lived at the time of his death. He at once realized the possibilities of the Arkansas Valley country in Eastern Oklahoma.
In the fall of 1906 he was elected to the National Farmers Convention at Texarkana, Arkansas, and at the succeeding convention
of said organization he was elected a member of the legislative committee. In the Constitutional Convention he served as chairman
of the Committee on Public Roads and Highways, and on six other committees. During the session of the Convention he served
as chairman of the Farmers Union Caucus, consisting of forty-six members of said convention. At the time of his death he was
chairman of the Board of County Commissioners of Wagoner County. He also served as a director of the Orphans Home at Pryor.
He was a life long and active Democrat, attending the conventions of his party and participating actively in its organization.
He was a member of the I. O. O. F. and M. W. of A. holding high positions in said orders. In 1890 he was married to Miss Dora
Phenis, to which union was born the four sons and one daughter whose names are hereinbefore set out. He died December 29,
1926 and is buried at Coweta, Oklahoma.
George A. Trice born in DeSota County, Mississippi, July 24th, 1877, son of William F. Trice and Katherine (Broadway) Trice,
the former being a native of Alabama, and during the Civil War served in the Confederate Army. In 1878 he removed with his
family to Ellis County, Texas.
George A. Trice, the oldest of a family of six children, spent his youthful days on a farm and attended the public schools
until he had reached the age of eighteen years. He had an ambition to become a lawyer and began reading law in the office
of the firm of Watson & Robbins, attorneys at Clarksville, Texas. Admitted to the bar in 1901, he entered into a partnership
with David Watson, who had previously been senior member of the firm of Watson & Robbins, and for seven years engaged actively
in the practice of law at that place.
In 1900, elected to the state Legislature of Texas, he became a prominent figure in the Texas General Assembly. It was while
he was con-
Page 492
nected with that body that the Galveston plan of a charter form of government was presented, and he strongely supported same
to a successful enactment. He also served as a member of the City Council of Clarksville, Texas, for several years.
In 1904, Judge Trice was united in marriage at Vernon, Texas, with Miss Mamie Peck, who died in 1914, leaving two daughters;
Katherine and Josephine.
He was identified with the Masonic fraternity, having membership in the Blue Lodge, Chapter and Commandry.
In the year 1908 removing from Clarksville, Texas, to Coalgate, Oklahoma, where he actively engaged in the practice of the
law until 1927, when he moved his office to Ada, Oklahoma, there continuing in the active practice of law until his death
occurred on April 6th, 1930. While engaged in the general practice of the law he tried many important civil and famous criminal
cases. During the last eleven years of his life and until his death, he was the senior member of the firm of Trice & Davison.
While at Coalgate he was attorney for most all of the large coal mining companies in that mining district.
He was an active worker in the ranks of the Democratic Party, and in every campaign devoted much of his time and means in
its interest, at different times being a member of the State and County organizations. He several times served as a special
judge of the Supreme Court of Oklahoma and of the District Courts.
He was an able lawyer with a magnetic personality. His fidelity and integrity was never questioned. No man would do more for
his friends than he. A positive character, staunchly adhering to those principles that he thought to be right. In relieving
the suffering, poor and unfortunate he seemed to delight. Whenever he found a stray sick dog or cat he would always carry
it to his home where he would give it his personal attention during its sickness. Generous and charitable, he should be remembered
for his many kind and meritorious acts and deeds, and his frailties forgotten.
D. N. D.
Rebecca Harris, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charlie Harris, was born October 20th, 1858, near Fayette, Missouri. Her parents
moved to Texas and settled near Sherman when she was a small girl. She attended school in Missouri and Texas. In 1870 her
parents moved to Indian Territory, what is now known as Bryan County.
On December 24th, 1874, Rebecca Harris was married to David Wall Colbert, son of Judge James Allen Colbert and Athenius M.
Colbert. Her husband was educated in Lebanon, Tennessee, and was well equipped to be of service to his people. He held many
offices of trust in the Chickasaw Nation, having served as Treasurer and Auditor of the Tribal Government. He was especially
interested in schools. He died March 16th, 1890, leaving his widow with four children. At her death June 3rd, 1931, the four
children, Mrs. Horace Marshall, Mrs. Dan Collins and C. W. Colbert of Durant, and Mrs. Charlie Green of Kansas City, Missouri,
survive.
For more than 61 years Mrs. Colbert lived in and near Colbert, Oklahoma. The last few years she made her home at Durant with
her youngest daughter. Her old colonial home west of Colbert was known as a hospitable one. It was always open to relatives
and friends and
Page 493
was a general meeting place for them. Mrs. Colbert was considered one of the good Samaritans of the entire community. Her
life was one of devotion and service to others. She was an ardent member of the Baptist Church at Colbert, and one of the
charter members. It was very fitting when she passed on that the last sad rites should be held in the little church she loved
so well and had worked so faithfully for.
On that occasion the large audience and the magnificent floral offerings gave silent evidence of the esteem in which this
beloved pioneer of Bryan County was held. Her gentle manner and beautiful character and life well lived endeared her to all
who knew her.
CZARINA C. CONLAN.
Return to top
Electronic Publishing Center |
OSU Home |
Search this SitePronunciation: /bɪˈɡrʌɪm/
Definition of begrime in English:
verb[with object] (often as adjective begrimed)
Blacken with ingrained dirt: begrimed deckhands
More example sentences
- The habitations are begrimed with smut and dirt.
- He wore the same blackened ring-shirt and dark clothing as when he had left, but now they and he were begrimed and streaked with dirt.
- In the intervening two decades, equipment had become more portable; pictures could be taken in the thick of battle; civilian victims and exhausted begrimed soldiers could be studied close up.
Words that rhyme with begrimeChaim, chime, climb, clime, crime, dime, grime, half-time, I'm, lime, mime, mistime, part-time, prime, rhyme, rime, slime, sublime, sub-prime, thyme, time
Definition of begrime in:
- US English dictionary
- English synonyms
What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?
Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
Get more from Oxford Dictionaries
= trendingWhenever I get the opportunity I always like to hear first-hand what customers think about Anglian Water.
Many of the people I speak to are surprised by how much there is to water, much more than just turning on the tap or flushing the loo.
Water is at the heart of everything we do.
We recently launched our biggest-ever consultation – called Discover, Discuss, Decide – to give you, your family, friends and neighbours the chance to have your say about how we manage this most precious natural resource.
We’re asking you to play a leading role in our five-year review with the water industry regulator, Ofwat.
The answers you give will help decide what we can do now, and what we plan for the future.
Central to the discussion are questions like: what should it cost when you run a bath, fill a kettle and flush the toilet? How big should a household’s water bill be each year?
How much should be spent each year on protecting and enhancing our precious waterways?
How much should be invested in stopping leaks and fixing water mains?
Our vision is to transform the way we all value water and use it.
That’s because this is the driest region in the UK and the fastest growing too.
We are also vulnerable to the impacts of climate change, so a lot depends on how carefully we use water resources and how well we secure future supplies.
Hundreds of customers have already had their say, and I would urge as many of you as possible to have your say too. You can do so by visiting.
The consultation runs until 10th March and the more people who take part the more influence what you say will have on our plans.
Peter Simpson
Managing Director
Anglian Water
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Alcatel One Touch Pop C-series brings the low-end spread
Over.The FA Cup final is already a fascinating meeting of opposites: Portsmouth, a club who have pretended to be rich, against Chelsea, a club who remain almost unassailably so. Next to today's blue-chip opponents Portsmouth have the look of a society imposter, some small-town insurgent in a borrowed tuxedo, the sole of one shoe flapping, shirt-front triangle flipping up, and an entire invented history very publicly unravelling as he prepares very quietly, to beat your brains in with an oar. Only one thing seems certain: partisans aside, it is surprisingly easy to want them to win it.
Not because Portsmouth are lovable. This is not in any sense a self-propelling crackpot modern fairytale. Perhaps you might even still feel the tug of something Hollywood in Portsmouth's rag-tag widescreen reckoning up, picturing some Pompey-shirted Steve Guttenberg or Tom Hanks rising solemnly to his feet as the dressing room falls silent and saying, "Fellas, this isn't about us. Hell, it's about..." even as your hand skitters about in search of a toothpick or a kebab skewer to jab repeatedly into your own eye to drive back the auto-schmaltz tears.
The Portsmouth that will reach its full stop at Wembley has instead been a ludicrously fuzzy-headed organisation. And let's not be fooled by attempts to garland the players with altruistic laurels because they clubbed together to keep some of the people who do chores for them in a job for a few weeks. When considering a Premier League club burdened with unimaginable debt, it is important to remember at all times that up to 90% of this has been given to the players, converted directly into a bathtub carved out of a five-tonne block of limestone, 25 identical unworn pairs of earwig-skin pointy brown leather bloke shoes, and enough combined vast yawning flat-screen mega-pixel TV expanse to fill the red spot on Jupiter. This is what has happened here: compulsive excess. They didn't ask for it, we hear. But they certainly took it..
Plus, of course, Portsmouth's supporters have remained steadfast and unbowed, even the ones who have to stand near that man and his annoying bell. But I wonder if even Portsmouth fans can really love this nonexistent screen-grab of a team. This is the seductive quality of a Portsmouth victory: it would surely be one of the most meaningless triumphs in any cup competition. This is a team of the here and now and nothing else, one that's falling apart before our eyes. Look, there go its legs racing in on goal but not stopping, carrying on over the hoardings and off down Wembley Way.
In a way you can admire the furiously literal-minded shamelessness of Portsmouth, their utter immersion in the crackhead-scale appetites of the Premier League. While also feeling a bit sorry for the FA Cup, with its foot-bath-level reservoir of dwindling magic, still standing by trying to look dignified and vital while an imported drama of opposites takes place on its?)Decking the W&M halls
- Festooned Statue The Lord Botetourt statue is festooned with a cheerful wreath and candlelight shines forth from the Wren's venerable windows: It's holiday time at William & Mary. Photo by Graham Bryant '13
- Greenhouse Poinsettias Ben Owens, the College's greenhouse supervisor, oversaw the production of over 300 poinsettias for distribution across campus. Photo by Stephen Salpukas
- Botetourt's Wreath The wreath on the Lord Botetourt statue is made from plants found on campus; the Wren's 1693 weather-vane is visible in the center. Photo by Graham Bryant '13
- President's Wreath The wreath on the President's House was made using Southern Magnolia, cones from various evergreens, Leyland Cypress sprigs, and Nandina berries alongside other materials taken from plants growing on campus Photo by Graham Bryant '13
- President's Wreath The fruits on the wreath were all purchased from local sources, while the berries and conifer cones are from campus itself. Photo by Graham Bryant '13
- American Holly The holly used in the Yule Log Ceremony is taken from patches of American Holly growing on campus, like this one by the Rev. James Blair statue. Photo by Graham Bryant '13
- Wren Candle Ancient campus forms the backdrop for this candle, one of many illuminating the Wren Building's windows. Photo by Graham Bryant '13
The Lord Botetourt statue is festooned with a cheerful wreath and candlelight shines forth from the Wren’s venerable windows: It’s holiday time at William & Mary.
The College’s grounds and gardens crews have been hard at work over the past week decorating campus for the holiday season. Far from typical store-bought holly boughs and plastic wreaths, however, nearly all of the decorations adorning campus locales are produced on campus.
“It’s a very easy place to get fresh greens for holiday decorations. We have a lot to choose from,” said John McFarlane, associate director of grounds and gardens for the College.
{{youtube:medium:left|TNUROtYo8V4, Adorning the campus with poinsettias}}
The fruits of W&M’s campus go into all manner of decorations, most of which are displayed on Ancient Campus, the section of campus containing the President’s House, the Brafferton, and the historic Wren Building.
According to McFarlane, this year’s wreaths—ornamenting the President’s House as well as the Lord Botetourt statue—were made using Southern Magnolia, cones from various evergreens, Leyland Cypress sprigs, and Nandina berries alongside other materials taken from plants growing on campus.
“We always try to use natural materials for our Christmas decorations, and we have so much available that’s fresh and not shipped from anywhere,” said McFarlane.
Sometimes, however, the decorators need materials not readily available on campus, as with the fruit needed to complete the wreaths.
In these situations, the decorators try to acquire materials from local sources. McFarlane noted that the fruits used in the wreaths were purchased at local stores.
A campus-grown plant is also at the center of a cherished W&M tradition: the Yule Log Ceremony.
According to McFarlane, the sprigs of holly given to each student to burn in the Wren’s Great Hall fireplace are taken from the multiple patches of American Holly growing on campus.
The multitude of poinsettias that appear in buildings across campus are among the most noticeable symbols of the season, but they’re grown by one of the College’s least visible departments.
Sequestered in his office behind the Law School, Greenhouse Supervisor Ben Owen is responsible for the plants that decorate campus not only for the holidays, but throughout the year.
In the greenhouse, Owen oversees the production of a crop of poinsettias during the fall semester, maturing just in time for the holiday season.
Noting that the 500 poinsettia cuttings the College produces each year arrive in the heat of summer, Owen said, “I love when they come in because they’re the promise of cooler temperatures…This is one of my favorite times of the year.”
The poinsettia crop grown on campus each year reaches maturity just in time for the holiday season, at which point Owen’s team delivers them across campus to the various buildings for the whole community to enjoy.
First on Owen’s list is the President’s House, where the poinsettias decorate the building’s numerous fireplaces.
“It’s always special to us to do the decorations over there and to be able to go in and see them and the poinsettias,” he said.
After that, the president’s offices receive the plants before the remaining poinsettias are distributed to the various campus offices and even the library—“so the students can enjoy them,” Owen notes.
Owen believes the College’s decision to produce most of its holiday decorations in-house sets W&M apart.
“I think we are very special to have the greenhouse operations here and to be able to grow the poinsettias and whatnot. A lot of universities just buy their stuff in. We’re able to do a better product and grow quality material because we have this operation,” he said.
“You’re just not going to see it around. I think we’re very privileged to have this operation here, and that’s why it’s so special to me…I have the best job on campus.”Then She Fell (
)
Maybe it’s because we live in a world where everybody’s connected, but this year has seen an explosion of “immersive” shows that blur the line between audience and performers. In some, you walk around sprawling sets instead of watching from a seat. In others, the cast comes to you. Often you share intimate moments with the actors.
There’s one caveat: “Immersive” doesn’t mean go-and-grab. As cozy as the interactions can get, they’re strictly one-way — the actors may touch you, but you can’t return the favor unless invited. With that in mind, here’s a guide to the more physical experiences in town. Let the hands, from 1 to 4, tell you what to expect.
SLEEP NO MORE
The notion: A huge, thrilling, choose-your-own adventure experience. You’re let loose in the gigantic “McKittrick Hotel,” where you can explore 100 elaborately decorated rooms on your own. Or follow the actors as they re-create mysterious scenes loosely inspired by “Macbeth,” “Vertigo” and “Rebecca.”
Sensations: Theatergoers are required to wear a “Scream”-like mask throughout, which may not be comfortable, especially if you wear glasses. The noise level ranges from deafening to dead quiet. A sexy nurse may invite you into a small room for a private session, or a tuxedo-clad gent may invite you to dance. Anything can happen here.
Libations: Remove your mask at the Manderley Bar, where you can imbibe an absinthe, Old-Fashioneds or other concoctions for about $15.
Touchy-feely factor: * * *
Open run; 530 W. 27th St.; 866-811-4111
THEN SHE FELL
The notion: Third Rail Projects’ interactive production takes you down the rabbit hole — in this case, an abandoned hospital wing — in its surreal exploration of the life and works of “The Adventures of Alice in Wonderland” author Lewis Carroll.
Sensations: Beautifully disorienting and dreamlike. You can try on hats with a deranged Hatter, participate in a raucous tea party or engage in a one-on-one game of cards. Uniformed “nurses” hand you keys to unlock boxes and cabinets.
Libations: Free drinks include cocktails dubbed the “Bombshell” and the “Siren,” sangria and Prosecco after personal interaction with the Doctor. There’s also a non-alcoholic tea.
Touchy-feely factor: * * * *
Through Jan. 6 at Arts@Renaissance, 2 Kingsland Ave., Brooklyn; 718-388-5454.
RESTORATION COMEDY
The notion: Two 17th-century comedies inspired Amy Freed’s freewheeling play, performed by a young, energetic ensemble The Bats.
Sensations: It’s a party — and in such a tiny space! Depending on your comfort level, it’s either great fun or intrusive. The performers greet you individually and ply you with (free) drinks; intermission includes free food, more drinks and singalong. Expect to spend about four hours there, during which you may find a half-naked performer on your lap.
Libations: “Loveless Lemonade” (vodka, mint, lemon juice and a splash of soda), plus food, delicious and free with the $40 or $45 ticket price.
Touchy-feely factor: * * *
Through Dec. 31 at the Flea Theatre, 41 White St.; 212-352-3101
THE MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD
The notion: The audience selects, by a show of hands, the villain — and favorite romantic couple — at Rupert Holmes’ 1986 musical, based on an unfinished Dickens mystery.
Sensations: Studio 54 today becomes London’s Music Hall Royale in 1895. The cast, hamming it up as Victorian actors, swans down the aisles, frequently glad-handing and even hugging members of the audience, who later votes for their favorites.
Libations: Fortify yourself with any of three $16 “Drood” cocktails: the “Chairman’s Tonic” (“to show we’re glad you’re here!”), the “Quite Mad Mule” (“because sanity is just a passing fad”) and a “Killer Joe” (“will help you know whodunit”).
Touchy-feely factor: * *
Through March 10 at Studio 54, 254 W. 54th St.; 212-719-1300 "New" > "Plugins" > (Name of Plugin). This will create a Cascade block asset. Simply fill out the form with the information required for the plugin you choose. You may want to review block editing. Row >> Column >> Advanced section. Within this section, there are two block choosers (Above and Below). Attach the block you created to one of these regions and click submit.With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
There isn't much I haven't experienced or done. Having traveled the world, I've garnered a wealth of 'experiential' expertise that truly enhances both my educational background and professional work experience. I have a BS in Computer Science, a BA in Inter-Cultural Studies and a comprehensive work experience that includes corporate, self-employed and non-profit agencies. I am a writer, a photographer, an avid reader, a computer aficionado, an explorer and loyal husband and father.Read More »KALAMAZOO, MI -- The fawn rescued from whizzing golf balls Thursday by a Kalamazoo Christian High School golfer is gone this morning, evidently reunited with its mother, staff at the Milham Park municipal golf course said Friday.
"We checked where it had been," said John Holms, pro shop assistant. "The fawn is gone, and no one has seen it, so evidently the doe has taken care of it. Everything is a go."
Sophomore Jared Wenke was playing in Thursday's Division 4 regional high school golf tournament when the tiny fawn came out of the tall grass to investigate golfers at the green of the 9th hole. But then the deer left, bleating, to gallop into into the No. 1 fairway. It dropped into a heap in the hot sun, directly in the line of fire of dozens of the tournament's golfers.
Wenke lay down his clubs and went to the animal, gently carrying it to the protective shade of a pine tree, where Kalamazoo Nature Center employees, called for advice, suggested it should remain. The doe would very likely return to retrieve the fawn, they said.
The Michigan Department of Natural Resources, which receives hundreds of phone calls each week of spring from people who are concerned about baby animals, gives the same advice, said Sarah Carlson, who answers calls at the DNR Plainwell office.
Generally lone baby animals are not orphaned, Carlson said. In the case of deer, the doe will feed them, then leave them alone to avoid attracting predators to them, returning later in the day.
Katie Keen, wildlife outreach technician at the DNR's Cadillac Service Station, said that in this case, Jared did the right thing for that circumstance.
But in general, "the last resort is moving it."
If a fawn is in your yard and you had planned to mow, try to wait a day, she urged. If a fawn must be moved, try to shoo it, if possible rather than handling it, she said.
If it is being harassed by an animal or children, better to move the pets and kids and allow the fawn to stay put.
"We don't want to handle wildlife" if it can be avoided, she said."They are smart creatures that know how to raise their young, but they don't all hang out with their babies all day. We panic that something must have happened to mom," but that is usually not the case, she said.
It is illegal to "adopt" a baby animal, whether it is a fawn or bear cub or sparrow, she said. If it is clear the mother animal has been killed, by car or lawn mower or cat, for instance, call the DNR service center or click here for a list of licensed animal rehabilitation workers.June 11, 2015 | 12:00 pm EST - 5:00 pm EST
Wyomissing Room, 174 Papermill Road, Reading, PA 19610
Are you a minority owned small business that is looking to expand into the government market but don't know where to start?
Registration Required
June 11, ...
June 11, 2015 | 1:00 pm EST - 3:30 pm EST
11002 Veirs Mill Road, Suite 700, Wheaton, MD 20902
How will you finance your business venture? What types of loans are available? Are there grants? Do you qualify? This informative class has all the answers and will cover both debt and equity ...
June 11, 2015 | 1:00 pm EST - 2:30 pm EST
Webinar
This webinar is designed for 7j eligible firms. This webinar will allow participants to:
• Recall when, how and why the Federal Government uses contracting vehicles
• Identify the variety of ...
June 11, ...
June 11, 2015 | 1:30 pm EST - 4:30 pm EST
9909 US Highway 441, Leesburg, FL 32788
SCORE’s new 3 part workshop series is structured to be interactive, with examples and the supporting resources you need to be successful.
June 11, 2015 | 1:30 pm CST - 4:30 pm CST
3950 E. Newman Rd, Joplin, MO 64801
June 9 (Tuesday), 1:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. (part 1) June 11 (Thursday), 1:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m. (part 2) Learn the practical uses of Microsoft Excel. Participants will be given an overview of Excel and ...
June 11, 2015 | 1:30 pm PST - 4:30 pm PST
455 Market Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94105
$40 - We’ll cover different financial analysis methods, how to analyze your profit and loss report, as well as, how budgeting, statement of cash flows, and cash flow forecasting can be used to ...
June 11, 2015 | 2:30 pm EST - 3:30 pm EST
This webinar will focus on what the new healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, means for small businesses. It will focus on both federal and state provisions to help local small business owners ...
June 11, 2015 | 3:00 pm EST - 4:30 pm EST
This webiniar is for 7j certified firms. Registrants will be asked to self-certify when they register. This webinar will enable participants to: Recall the GSA Schedule process
Describe the ....
Our map features 4 major regions: North New Jersey, Central New Jersey, South New Jersey and the Jersey Shore. Monmouth County moves from Central New Jersey to the Jersey Shore grouping and Atlantic, Cape May and Ocean County move from South New Jersey to the Jersey Shore grouping.
Major Regions
North New Jersey
Central New Jersey
South New Jersey
Jersey Shore
Counties of the Northern New Jersey Region (North Jersey):
Bergen County
Essex County
Hudson County
Morris County
Passaic County
Sussex County
Warren County
Counties of the Central New Jersey Region (Central Jersey)
Hunterdon County
Mercer County
Middlesex County
Somerset County
Union County
Counties of the Southern New Jersey Region (South Jersey):
When I founded BestofNJ.com, I wanted to keep things really simple. I created a N.J. map that divided the state into 3 regions: North, Central and South..
That's all he does. If you look at the insiders selling thier shares, he's the main one selling his shares everyday! I think that sends a bad message to investors. Or maybe he needs to learn about investments.
Facebook will trade at $10 within two years. There is no real product but advertisers who keep jumping from one to another Internet platform.
You don't know!!!
buy some puts
what happend?
It's always a bad sign when the CFO continues to sell stock in big amounts like this. I watched this happen in the dot com bust too.
This comment to buy puts is similar to comments i used to see on google 1, 2 and 3 years after ipo... buy puts at 100, buy puts at 200,etc...
where is this stock now?Where can I find a wiring diagram for a Whirlpool refrigerator? Model Number - ET8CHMXKB05
You can usually find the schematic glued to the back of the refrigerator. If it isn't facing outwards then it's glued to the inside of a cover panel. You can also go to '', click on the 'contact us' button, and use the email screen to get one from the customer service department.
.
Thank you for choosing JustAnswer.
It is not with the refrigerator and the Whirlpool website is showing it is no longer available.
There are several websites that offer manuals online. One of the better ones is: kitchen.manualsonline.com. Try going to Google's search engine, and typing the words 'Whirlpool refrigerator manuals' for more selections.Represents the rules for sharing an account with a User other than the owner.
create(), delete(), describeSObjects(), getDeleted(), getUpdated(), query(), retrieve(), update(), upsert()
Use this object to manage the sharing rules for accounts. General sharing and territory management-related sharing use this object. For example, the following code creates an account owner sharing rule between two public groups, which can also contain portal users.
AccountOwnerSharingRule rule = new AccountOwnerSharingRule(); rule.setName("RuleName"); // Set the sharing rule name rule.setDeveloperName("RuleDeveloperName"); // Set the sharing rule developer name rule.setGroupId("00Gx00000000000"); // Set the group of users to share records from rule.setUserOrGroupId("00Gx00000000001"); // Set the group of users to share records to rule.setAccountAccessLevel("Edit"); rule.setOpportunityAccessLevel("Read"); rule.setCaseAccessLevel("None"); connection.create(rule);CVE Database
CVE-2010-3178
Details
The MITRE CVE dictionary describes this issue as:
Mo via a crafted HTML document.
Find out more about CVE-2010-3.New car rental firm says Audi-do at D/FW Airport
Stetron Hawkins, a lead fleet technician at Silvercar rental car company, inspects an Audi A4 at the company's first location at the DFW Airport rental car facility
Silvercar, a new car rental company, arrives at Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport on Monday, with two interesting elements — one, it rents nothing but Audi A4s, and two, you can manage the whole rental from your smartphone.
Business columnist Cheryl Hall wrote about the company and the concept in Sunday’s Business section of the Dallas Morning News, a story which you can read here.
In case you’re wondering how the company got its name: All the cars are silver.
Keep reading for the press release that Silvercar sent out on Monday.My Wedding Delights sells unique wedding favors, bridal accessories, wedding cake accessories, ring pillows, guest books and more. Enter in COUPON CODE (more)
BlissFull Essence : The Ultimate Lifetime Blog Boutique Highlights from the most popular blogs and photographers of today! (more)
Affordable Bridal and Bridesmaid Jewelry. Entire Sets under $50 - Necklace, Bracelet and Earrings. Not sure what to wear? Ask the JewelryStylist for (more)
Stunning classis/traditional to contemporary wedding gowns now available through Timeless Weddings. Gowns come in white or ivory, most with intricate (more)
SF Bay area's best bridal fairs. Meet local wedding professionals to plan your perfect event. Dont miss the professionally choreographed fashion shows. (more)
Wed Threads designs and sells women's beach wedding dresses & men's attire exclusively for island and tropical destination weddings. Our commitment is (more)
CastleBride Couture carries a full line of bridal veils and headpieces from sweet vintage to Haute Couture and everything in between. Birdcage veils, (more)AUSTIN, Texas—Ecologists from around the world are finding provocative signs that global warming already may be altering the Earth's flora and fauna. And they worry that next century, when the climate is expected to change more abruptly than it has in at least 10,000 years, plants and animals will be pushed to the limit.
If the Earth heats up, will animals seek cooler habitat? That is one question scientists ask to help gauge potential biological effects of climate change. Now, butterflies are yielding some answers.
Dr. Camille Parmesan, a biologist at The University of Texas at Austin, and 12 other international researchers studied 35 species of non-migratory butterflies whose northern boundaries were in northern Europe and whose southern boundaries were in southern Europe or northern Africa.
The researchers took into account shifts in land use and loss of habitat, and discovered that 63 percent of the butterflies have ranges that have shifted to the north by 35 to 240 kilometers during this century, and only 3 percent have shifted to the south. The two-year study, results of which will be published this week in the British journal Nature, is the first large-scale evidence of poleward shifts in entire species' ranges.
Given the relatively slight (0.8 degrees Celsius in Europe) warming in this century compared with predicted increases of 2.1 to 4.6 degrees Celsius for the next century, future climate warming could become a major force in shifting species' distributions, Parmesan writes.
Although her work on butterflies incorporates the most complete data set to document this type of range shift, other (smaller) studies from around the world also are indicating northward movement of species' ranges. If studies on the ranges of dissimilar species over many geographic regions continue to reveal similar trends and patterns, then a conservative conclusion would be that the currently detected levels of global and regional warming are affecting the ability of organisms to live in their traditional habitats.
Based on the response of butterflies to past changes and fluctuations in climate, Parmesan and colleagues predict those species that cannot move to new habitats to keep pace with climate change will die out. These changes will be exacerbated because the existence of new habitat for butterflies to move into is likely to be much more severely limited than during historical climate shifts because potential habitats are being rapidly taken over by humans, particularly by urbanization and changes in the natural landscape for agricultural purposes.
Research on the European butterflies replicates an earlier study by Parmesan of 151 populations of the Edith's checkerspot butterfly that demonstrated that in the past 100 years, the sensitive insects slowly have been moving northward or to higher altitudes, from warmer to cooler climates.
The orange-and-black butterfly can be found in much of western North America; it is dying out at its southernmost limit in Mexico and doing well in Canada. Parmesan calls the finding "exactly what has been predicted will happen with global warming; it indicates that the changing climate is already influencing species' distributions."
Edith's checkerspot butterfly is prized by collectors for the distinctive orange and black patterns on its wings — which, folded together, are the size of a pair of postage stamps — and by ecologists because it is especially sensitive to subtle climate changes.
Parmesan, whose study was conducted while she was a graduate student at UT Austin, found rising temperatures were killing off the butterfly at the southern extremes of its range, while at the same time allowing it to flourish to the north.
Parmesan said her work on the biogeography of Edith's checkerspot has shown that the level of population extinctions is four times as high at the far southern end of its range (in Mexico) than at the far northern end of its range (in Canada). Extinctions also are about two and one-half times as great at lower elevations as compared to populations above 8,000 ft. This skewed pattern of extinctions is effectively shifting the range of the butterfly both northward by 92 kilometers and upward by 124 meters in elevation.
This distributional shift is of the same magnitude as the temperature increase in western North America over the same time period (temperature isotherms have shifted 105 kilometers north and 105 meters up.)
Because butterflies are very sedentary, each population has evolved very specific adaptations to its local habitat, Parmesan said. These insects only just manage to fit their life cycle into the eight-to 12- week window of time when their host plants are edible.
This window can occur from March to August, depending on the exact locality. Any long-term climate change is likely to affect the length of this window, and either cause the population to do really well (if, for example, caterpillars can have a longer growth period) or go extinct (if, for example, caterpillars have an abbreviated growth period). As a consequence, many experimental studies on sedentary butterfly species indicate that, in general, butterflies are very sensitive to climate changes, Parmesan discovered.
Parmesan's research has focused on multiple aspects of population biology, including the ecology, evolution and behaviors of insect/plant interactions. She has been investigating Edith's
Checkerspot butterfly since 1982. Since that time, she has continued to work, in varying capacities, on both laboratory and field projects centered around the population biology of this butterfly. She also plans to continue working with European butterfly species, investigating the observed range shifts in greater detail. She has been the recipient of a National Science Foundation fellowship as well as a NASA Global Change fellowship.
Parmesan received her B.S. degree in zoology from UT Austin in 1984, and later received her Ph.D. in biological sciences from UT in 1995.Posts tagged tree?
Android Tablet – Notes & Highlights9
To add a highlight:
Tap on the verse number where you would like to add a highlight..
The Help Center0
Whether you’re new to the App, just wanting a refresher, or needing to troubleshoot a problem the Help Center is a great resource for all thing related to The Bible Study App. Click the image below to check out the various help topics for all of the devices that The Bible Study App runs on and make sure to check back for updated information and helpful tips.
Android Phone – Using the Resource Guide.
.IFFCO Sample Papers 2011
Indian Farmers Fertilizer Cooperative Limited is also famous as IFFCO, is the world’s largest fertilizer cooperative federation based in India which is registered as a Multistage Cooperative Society. Indian Farmers Fertilizer Cooperative Limited was founded in 1967. Mission of IFFCO is to alter Indian farmers to turn by timely supply of reliable, high quality agricultural inputs and services in an environmentally sustainable manner and to contract other activities to alter their welfare. IFFCO provides Online Preliminary Exam for GETs.
Sample Papers
For more information about IFFCO Sample Papers please visit at the official website because more details about IFFCO Sample Papers is available at the official website so candidates please visit at the official website.
Address
Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited (IFFCO)
IFFCO Sadan, C-1, District Centre,
Saket Place, New Delhi – 110017
Phone: 011-42592626, 26542625On Wed, 18 Nov 1998, Somebody Withalastname wrote:> Normally I wouldn't have noticed this, but since I have windows> machines on my local net, I try to test them for attack vulnerability. > Since I had just also setup a friends windows machine, we decided to> test his to... Now I went to rootshell and got some standard attacks> newtear.c for example. I could use them on this linux machine, my> localnet's machines, but when attempting to test them on my friends> machine accross the net. I got sendto Operation not permitted! Is this> as a result of that obsecure attack fix, or just something else? You need to be root to execute many of these attacks. Good thinking huh? Cheers,Alex.--- /\_/\ Legalise cannabis now! ( o.o ) Grow some cannabis today! > ^ < Peace, Love, Unity and Respect to all.Check out lo-pc3035a 2.1.128 #8 Fri Nov 13 09:19:51 EST 1998One Intel Pentium 166MHz processor, 66.36 total bogomips, 16M RAMSystem library 5.4.44-To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" inthe body of a message to majordomo@vger.rutgers.eduPlease read the FAQ atTagged News for Ai Ueda
_3<<
15/10/14 - As ITU wraps up the last major competition of the year with the Tongyeong World Cup, action is anything but slowing down in what promises to be a power-player packed race in South Korea on Saturday. Top... |Full Story
Japan scores big at Asian Games
>
Japan’s Ueda chalks up third win in Huatulco
_9<<
The social story from #WTSYokohama
19/05/14 - [View the story “The Social Story from #WTSYokohama” on Storify] |Full Story
2014 ITU World Triathlon Yokohama Elite Women’s Review
>
_21<<
2012 Ishigaki World Cup Press Conference Highlights
_23<<
_25<<
Yokohama pre-race Press Conference Highlights
_27<<
Sarah Haskins (USA) claims first career ITU World Cup in Monterrey
Monterrey Press Conference Highlights
_30<<_31<<
Ueda makes it back-to-back Huatulco World Cup titles
Japan’s Ueda takes Mexico win at Huatulco ITU Triathlon World Cup... |Full Story
Japan Sweeps Asian Championships
Warriner wins in Tongyeong
Ueda, Chacon triumph in Ecuador
China take gold in Asian games
_42<<
2005 ITU Shichigahama Asian Cup
Latest Triathlon.org Features
Why not stay up to date with all the latest triathlon.org news by signing up to our Facebook page?BetFred Brag Loyalty Points
One of the internet’s leading multiplayer online three card brag sites is offering its loyal players a little something extra to reward them for their loyalty. BetFred Brag Loyalty Points are points that you earn every single time that you place a bet or see a bet while playing the virtual tables at BetFred Brag.
That’s right, in a similar fashion to loyalty programmes found at online poker sites and online casinos, every time that you wager any money playing online three card brag or any of the other games found under the ‘games’ tab at you will accrue those all-important Loyalty Points.
Read the rest of this entry »
Read the rest of this entry »BigPond trumps Optus DSL entry with $29.95 broadband
BigPond has met Optus's entry in the DSL market by introducing an entry level broadband product at just $29.95 per month.
BigPond has met Optus's entry in the DSL market by introducing an entry level broadband product at just $29.95 per month..
As part of its initiative to put Linux on the desktop, IBM wants to migrate Microsoft's Office suite to Linux. Microsoft said it was not involved and suggested that IBM might do it by emulation.
What do you do if Windows 2000 and XP can't boot? V Communications Inc. has a solution: Recovery Commander, now available as a US$40 download from the company's Web site.
Microsoft Corp. continued to investigate the leak of some of the closely-guarded code underlying its Windows 2000 and Windows NT products Friday as a partner company, Mainsoft Corp., responded to allegations that it was the source of the leak.
One of Australia's leading Microsoft trainers will drop .Net from its title following a name clash with a Monash University company.
Adelaide's Ratbag Games has taken out an industry gong for its World of Outlaws Sprint Cars 2002 title.
The Australian PC market ended the year on a strong note with an overall growth of 16.1 percent compared with 2002. Meanwhile quarter on quarter comparison (the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter of 2003) showed growth was up by 3 percent...
Sony and Toshiba have agreed to expand their cooperation in the semiconductor field and develop technology for chips two generations past today's most advanced devices.
Sophos PLC's anti-virus software can be bypassed by a virus-laden e-mail if it doesn't contain any MIME boundary definitions, the company has admitted.
Despite requests from its competitors to charge a fee for its ZoneAlarm firewall, Zone Labs says keeping the product’s zero price tag is the best thing the company has done.
Taiwanese chip vendor Via Technologies Inc. Tuesday announced the availability of 800MHz and 1GHz versions of its Eden ESP processor.
A new Web-based game that lets players pretend to catch Osama bin Laden is annoying America Online Inc.'s (AOL's) Instant Messenger users with its virus-like self promotion, according to reports from users.
Microsoft Corp.'s disclosure Tuesday of a sweeping new software vulnerability was met with annoyance but little surprise by users who woke up to yet another day of patching Wednesday..Listening to an inner voice ![ Out of the dark ages: Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo is raising funds for a
Buddhist nunnery to help overcome the religion's entrenched neglect
of women.](/ffximage/2008/04/30/PALMO2_wideweb__470x258,0.jpg)
Out of the dark ages: Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo is raising funds for a
Buddhist nunnery to help overcome the religion's entrenched neglect
of women.
Photo: Pat Scala
Dianne Perry's life journey has taken her from the East End of London to a nunnery in India, via 12 years in a cave. She spoke to Steve Waldon.
IT IS impossible not to make the comparison between the Templestowe house where we meet this remarkable woman and the Himalayan cave in which she spent 12 years seeking enlightenment.
The first is close to opulent comfortable furniture, smooth floors, beautiful decorations and a grand piano. The second was a rocky overhang, its front and sides bricked up to counter the unremitting cold; mud and cow dung slapped onto the walls; a small storage area for the food that had to last months at a time; a small stove; a box; a bucket for ablutions; no bed, just a meditation box.
It was 1976, and more than a decade of privation and isolation followed.
"I loved my meditation box. I'd wrap myself up in my cloak and be perfectly snug there, out of the draughts," she told her biographer a few years ago.
"I don't know what happened to it (the box)," she told The Age this week. "Probably chopped up for firewood."
This is Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo, in Melbourne to raise interest in (and funds for) the Buddhist nunnery in India that has become her life's mission. This life, anyway.
She was born Diane Perry in June 1943, and raised in London's East End. Her childhood was pretty normal, though often marred by serious illness.
But there was something else, most uncommon she often felt she was a misplaced being. In her early teens, searching for spiritual meaning, she tried reading the Koran, and thought about what Christianity meant.
At 18, on a trip to Germany with her mother and already yearning for Eastern philosophy, she took three books. She read the Sartre and the Camus, but curiously overlooked The Mind Unshaken, a book with Buddha on the cover that she had brought along almost as an afterthought. During an eight-hour delay at the airport on the way home to England, she began reading it.
According to the account in her biography, Cave in the Snow, she "got half-way through it, turned to her mother and said in a small, surprised voice: 'I'm a Buddhist'. Lee Perry replied in her down-to-earth way, 'That's nice, dear, finish reading then you can tell me all about it."
What follows is an often surprising story of transformation and discovery, with Jetsunma sometimes running on the spot awaiting guidance, which often arrives suddenly.
"Occasionally, I hear what you might call an inner voice a male voice, very clearly making a statement," she says.
It was that voice that told her with great authority to move aside when she was shovelling snow off the roof of her cave. The voice was insistent, so she moved, just before a boulder landed where she had been.
In 1979, she was buried alive in her cave when a relentless blizzard piled snow higher and higher around her.
She dared not light the stove or any candles because they would use up precious oxygen.
As the days of dark, cold and loneliness mounted, she meditated on the Buddhist beliefs about death and rebirth, and prayed to her guru, Khamtrul Rinpoche, for the refuge of his love and wisdom.
Then came the voice: "Dig!" For more than an hour, she attacked the snow drifts with a saucepan lid, finally emerging into the fresh air. But the blizzard continued, and she retreated to the cave. Twice more over the following days she had to crawl on her belly, along the icy tunnel, and scrape to the surface.
Despite the intensity of her prolonged, self-imposed asceticism, Jetsunma treats this phase almost lightly.
"I've practically forgotten it it really was a past lifetime," she says, offering a beatific smile in place of more details.
If "past lifetime" is not an excellent Buddhism joke, it should be.
She is a champion of elevating the role of women in Buddhism, but Jetsunma is concerned that readers might perceive incorrectly from her biography that she is an arch feminist. Not so, she says: it's just that she saw women being disregarded through lack of education.
Before he died in 1980, Khamtrul Rinpoche encouraged Jetsunma to start a nunnery. Later, when she emerged from seclusion and wondered what she was meant to do next, the request was repeated by the lamas of the Khampagar monastery in India.
But how to raise funds? Who would listen to her?
"I'm not a lama, I'm not a Tibetan, I'm not anything exotic, so why would anyone invite me to talk on dharma?" she says.
Probably because of her extraordinary devotion, and with the help of sympathetic lamas, her reputation is spreading.
"Slowly, slowly, I began to get invitations to talk. When I spoke about the plight of the nuns, who had no education and nowhere to stay, people would say, 'It's true, for 20 years I've been donating to monasteries and you're the first one to mention the women'."
Jetsunma says she is not bridling against chauvinism. Hers is a more considered entreaty on behalf of women, emboldened perhaps by the Dalai Lama's acknowledgement that there was no prohibition to Buddha in a female form.
And anyway, inequality for women is scarcely restricted to Buddhism, she says. "This patriarchy is not just in Tibet, it's everywhere around the world. All religions and most social systems are patriarchal."
She says she sees a parallel between the plight of the Tibetan nuns and the struggle for Anglican and Catholic women to attain priesthood.
On the current ruckus between China and Tibet, Jetsunma neither shies from comment nor allows it to swamp the purpose of this visit to Australia.
It is, she says, a difficulty. And like anyone, she probably prefers the succour of a calmer karma.
Jetsunma Tenzin Palmo talks on Buddhism in Daily Life tonight at the Camberwell Centre, 340 Camberwell Road. Entry is $30/$20. Phone 9877 6811. She will teach at Fitzroy Town Hall, Saturday and Sunday 9.30am-4.30pm. Entry is $250/$190. Phone 9877 6811.
send photos, videos & tip-offs to 0406 THE AGE (0406 843 243), or us.Former MSPCA Manager Pleads Guilty To Arson
(credit: mspca.org)
Treat Yourself
BOSTON (AP) — A former manager at the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals has been sentenced to four years of probation after pleading guilty to starting a fire at the animal hospital last year.
William Fitzgerald, of Plymouth, was sentenced Wednesday on one count of arson and one count of injuring a firefighter. Under his sentencing, the 53-year-old must also pay more than $30,000 to MSPCA-Angell for damages and unemployment benefits. He also was ordered to undergo a mental health evaluation and perform 100 hours of community service.
Fitzgerald was the MSPCA manager of buildings and grounds when police said he set the fire in February 2010.
No animals or workers were injured.
MSPCA-Angell president Carter Luke said the damage from the fire is still being cleaned up.
(© Copyright 2011 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)La Foccaceria Is Back
- k
- KRS
As we know, Vinnie Bondi retired to Florida and closed La Foccaceria on 1st Ave. between 7th and St. Marks.
The great news is that he gave the name, recipes and style to his Mexican waitress and cook, and they've reopened on the west side of First Avenue one door above 13th Street. (This is not the same as another Vinnie's a few doors up.)
I was there on Saturday, and everything is as it was, except the room is a little larger and they have a full bar, plus the cook as added a Hispanic menu.
The lima bean soup was still rich and deeply flavored, with a splash of excellent olive oil. The beef pizaioula still floated an inch off the plate on garlic fumes. The linguini with garlic and erl is still the paradigm. They still offer vasteddi, and though I didn't see the insulata di mare, the menu seems to have all of Vinnie's other dishes on it, plus his low, low prices.
We 'hounds need to support this place, which IMHO is the best Sicilian place in town. (Fernando's in Brooklyn is also good, but the prices are 50% more, with smaller portions.)
I think it's completely gone. I think Joe's of Avenue U might have the best reputation for Sicilian foccacieria food if you're willing to go to Brooklyn. I believe it's right near the F train.....
Vinylux CND Polish Manic.
Long Hair Extension Micro-Links
Hair Extension Micro-Links is a technique that does not require gluing, sewing, braiding to the hair and will last you longer that any other hair extension with the proper care… The natural hair will not be damage because the rings use along with the hair extension can be easily remove not causing any damage to you natural hair… This is the most popular method that many Hollywood starts wear today… Beauty by Maria offer consultation to determine the best color and style that will meet you needs.
Read the rest of this entry »
Brazilian Straightening Treatment
Keratin Treatment
Brazilian Straightening Treatment
Natural
Previously Processed Hair
Time and Cost
How Long it Lasts
What to Expect
Results
Holland Colletion OPI Polish
OPI Holand Collection, Spring/ Summer have twelve new shades for all taste. We will have the most fun this comming season , neutrals shimmer and pigmented brights. We going to start with Neutral Shimmer: Pedal Fester Suzi, is a pink lavender shimmer. Dutch Ya Just Love OPI, is a plum with a purple tone shimmer is one of my favorites. Vampsterdam, is a dark eggplant tone. Wooden Shoe like to know?, it has a hint of purple with a taupe shade and gold shimmer. Gouda Gouda Two Shoes, soft pink rose brown tone with gold shimmer one of the nicest neutral. I Don’t Give a Rotterdam, is a pale blue no as intense with shimmery black flecks. I Have a Hearing Problem, is a opaque blue with a under green tone and silver shimmer.
Micro-Links Hair Extensions
Micro-Links Applications!Many people, including me, have noted that one of the biggest threats to our liberty is the growth of the fourth branch of government, the permanent bureaucracy. We're at the stage where the regulations created by the fourth branch significantly outnumber the laws passed by Congress...and the trend is to do end runs around Congress when the latter refuses to pass a law. The aspect to this which is most chilling is that under such regulations, the individual usually has to prove his innocence. As we see in the current IRS scandal, the bureaucrats are able to engage in expensive and intimidating witch hunts without a shred of real evidence. This voids the Rule of Law. It's no better than organized crime. The specific individuals in the IRS, DOJ, EPA etc abuses of power don't matter....the entire fourth branch is the problem.CAT FIGHT!
Archive of ‘celebs’ category
The new Joker is dead
Heath Ledger is dead. The guy from 10 things I hate about you. The dude from Brokeback Mountain. The new Joker. Drugs suck ass!
Doing Cartwheels.
Britney Spears may convert to Islam!
Paris Hilton might have to work
Booooo hooooo
Big Daddy Hilton has pledged over 97% of the Family fortune to Charity, so now the Hiltons will be kicked to the curb, no thanks to Paris' shananigans. Now, Paris and Nicky might have to start getting real jobs and like, ehh, work for a living. But what would she do exactly? It's not like she ever went to college or anything. I vote for Paris Hilton: Life Coach. Follow Paris' teachings and Life's Philosophy and have her introduce hotness in your life. That or she can continue her career as a pornstar. What do you think? What should be Paris Hilton's real Life Job?
Please leave your suggestions in the comment section. The girl needs our guidance!
Poor Matt Dillon
I suspect, after reading this, that he will never ever visit the Cairo International Film Festival again.!
A prayer answerd
Ben.
Britney Spears is seriously desperate
No longer a virgin, no longer a novelty, no longer the pop princess who can't sing, but who is so hot we all ignored it. She is now the divorced mother of two who is going through the worst public meltdown since Lindsey Lohan's face started gracing magazine covers. So she resorts to the one thing she can do really well: Strip. In an attempt to be shocking and daring, Brit decides that what she needs to do is to embrace her white-trash public image some more, and film a music video where she strips with a pole and shows off her naked breasts for all to see. Newsflash babe: they are not nearly enough to resurrect your career. Plus, aren't you still breastfeeding? What the hell is wrong with you?
Take a vacation sweetie. Please!
Seth Green vs. Chris Crocker_1<<
Previous 1 2 3 NextAll of a sudden the idea of high-speed rail travel in Texas is moving fast.
In North Texas, a route into Dallas/Fort Worth Airport is now out of the picture, downtown Dallas (maybe the old Reunion Arena site) is in and — the biggest news — Arlington and Fort Worth are in if they can help pull their part of the project together.
For something with decades of talk and not much action behind it, Lone Star State bullet trains now look like they have a good chance of becoming reality.
As with all big projects in Texas, big money and big profit potential are at stake.
Throw in some futurist-type talk about trends in the world of transportation (short-hop air travel not-so-likely, highway expansion too costly and high-speed rail technology well-developed and ready) and you can see yourself on a bullet train headed for Houston (maybe one day Austin, San Antonio — even Monterrey, Mexico?).
To get a quick idea of what may be headed this way, check out the website for Texas Central Railway ().
This is the company that wants to invest $10 billion in private money (no taxpayer costs) to build a high-speed rail line between Houston and Dallas. They say they’re “working closely with” (they’re a private company, so they don’t have to provide details) JR Central, a Japanese company that the website says “operates 333 high-speed trains daily between Tokyo, Nagoya and Osaka, transporting an average of 391,000 passengers daily.”
OK, so they know how to do this. But that part’s not new; we’ve known for several months that the company had a Houston-Dallas route (a 200 mph, 90-minute trip on one of the Japanese trains) in mind.
But previously they talked about the route’s northern terminus being in south Dallas.
Now the company describes its plan as being a route “between Dallas/Fort Worth and Houston.”
Bill Meadows, the former Fort Worth City Council member and former Texas Transportation Commission member who last month was appointed to head a North Texas high-speed rail advisory body for the commission, says that’s because plans have changed.
The Regional Transportation Council, which controls the flow of federal and state transportation dollars in North Texas, has adopted a “three-station” policy for high-speed rail in the region. The three stations are to be in downtown Dallas, near Arlington’s entertainment district and downtown Fort Worth.
Texas Central Railway has “committed” to the downtown Dallas station, Meadows says.
But the company is not willing to build the Dallas-to-Arlington-to-Fort Worth segment, at least not all by itself. Estimated cost for an elevated rail line over Interstate 30: $4 billion.
If Fort Worth and Arlington want to see that part come true, they have to find some innovative ways to help finance it. One idea: special taxes on real estate near the stations, where new development would be likely.
The Texas Department of Transportation is already conducting a $15 million study of the Dallas-Arlington-Fort Worth route.
Another word of caution: There’s not much time to put this together.
Texas Central Railway is pushing to start construction of the Houston-Dallas portion in 2017 or 2018.
If Fort Worth and Arlington want to be part of it, they don’t want to be some nebulous second phase. A second phase could languish forever.
Better to be designed, engineered and constructed as part of one project.
Texas Central Railway wants to see its fast-moving trains operating by about 2021.
It’s easy to get all breathless about something like this and jump on board without proper study. The studying is already well underway and will be happening pretty fast.Rated 4.5 out of 5 by 455 reviewers., 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 by judi67 long weekend away This hotel was truly great. The i bedroom suite was all I expected and more. The resort had many wonderful activities including a free boat ride to Fort Meyers beach. I'll definitely be back. September 25, 2013
Rated 5 out of 5 byLIVESTOCK REPORTS
Slaughter steers: high choice and prime 2-3, couple 1496-1554 lbs., $85 to $85.75; choice 2-3, 1234-1458 lbs., $81.50 to $84.25; 1582 lbs., $83; full/y.g. 4-5, one 1664 lbs., $81.75; high select and low choice 1-3, few 1350-1480 lbs., $78 to $82; one 1528 lbs., $76.25; select 1-3, one 1396 lbs., $76.50.
Slaughter Holstein steers: high choice and prime 2-3, couple 1700-1702 lbs., $70 to $72; choice 2-3, 1238-1486 lbs., $70 to $74.75; couple 1680-1692 lbs., $68 to $69; high select and low choice 1-3, 1292-1534 lbs., $66 to $70; select 1-3, couple 1134-1204 lbs., $62.50 to $64; standard 1-2, one 1210 lbs., $58.50.
Slaughter heifers: high choice and prime 2-3, one 1340 lbs., $85.25; choice 2-3, one 1248 lbs., $81.50; Holstein heifers, couple 1532-1602 lbs., $64.50; high select and low choice 1-3, one 1442 lbs., $74; select 1-3, Holstein heifers: 1152-1372 lbs., $58 to $63; standard 1-2, couple 916-1200 lbs., $62.50 to $69.
Slaughter bulls: yield grade 1- couple 1998-2086 lbs., $57 to $62; yield grade 1-2, 1654-2258 lbs., $49 to $56; yield grade 2, couple 846- 1072 lbs., $38 to $47.50; bullocks, couple 1136-1268 lbs., $56.50 to $58.
Feeder cattle: steers, large 3 Holsteins, couple 550-860 lbs., $42 to $53.
Heifers: large 1, 605-722 lbs., $77 to $79; mediun 2, 297-392 lbs., $84 to $90; large 2, one 312 lbs., $75; one 508 lbs., $63; medium 3, one 254 lbs., $89.
Bulls: medium 1 one lot 486 lbs., $100; large 1 couple 482-524 lbs., $93 to $96; couple 609 lbs., $80; medium 2, 284-382 lbs., $81 to $87.50; large 2, 384-556 lbs., $72 to $81; medium 3, 288-375 lbs., $66 to $78.
Holstein bull calves: #1, 86-92 lbs., $60 to $70; 94-118 lbs., $75 to $85; #2, 80-92 lbs., $50 to $60; 94- 128 lbs., $50 to $75; Holstein heifer calves: #1, no market test; #2, couple 76-112 lbs., $90 to $150; standard good: 72-92 lbs., $22.50 to $45; 94-120 lbs., $20 to $52.50; utility, 56-104 lbs., $8 to $25.
Slaughter hogs: barrows and gilts, 49-54% lean, 240-370 lbs., $44 to $49. Sows: U.S. 1-3, one 392 lbs., $47.50.
Slaughter sheep: compared to last week, slaughter lambs were lightly tested. Slaughter lambs: good and choice 1-2, one 114 lbs., $110; slaughter yearlings, one 112 lbs., $117.50; slaughter ewes: good 1-2, 142-200 lbs., $39 to $44; utility 1-3, few 114-238 lbs., $36 to $40; cull 1-3, one 166 lbs., $20; slaughter rams, no market test.
Slaughter goats: slaughter kids: selection 1, 50-75 ls., $69 to $90; selection 2, under 20 lbs., $5 to $14; 25-45 lbs., $38 to $45; selection 3, few 40-55 lbs., $32.50 to $39; slaughter yearlings: selection 1, couple 70-80 lbs., $72.50 to $77.50; selection 2, few 70 lbs., $62.50 to $73; selection 3, couple 65-85 lbs., $42.50 to $47.50; slaughter nannies: selection 1, one 110 lbs., $80; selection 3, one 70 lbs., $28; slaughter billies: selection 1, few 130-150 lbs., $155 to $170; selection 2, one 130 lbs., $97.50. Slaughter nannies: no market test.Identificazione Completata
- Indirizzo EmailVerificato
- Numero di Telefono(▒▒▒) ▒▒▒- ▒▒ 75
- 44 Amici
- Recensioni2 Recensioni
- Identificazione OfflineCarta d'Identità
Info su di me
- Lingue
- Il simbolo Airbnb di Rayya
Visita create.airbnb.com »
Ciao, sono Rayya!
Dallas, Texas, United States · Membro da Maggio 2012
Hai segnalato questo utente. Vuoi tornare indietro?
I
Rayya was an great guest. We loved having her stay in the apartment. She was very understanding and just a sweet person all around.Spoken Language: English
Business: Business Services, Supplies and Equipment
Location
CCI Solutions are experts in sound and visual technology. CCI Solutions have 35 years of experience helping people who need to be seen and be heard throughout the US. CCI Solutions have designed and implemented over 1000 projects in churches, corporate, government and public facilities. CCI Solutions have delivered over a quarter-billion dollars in products and services, all on-time and on-budget.
- Disc Duplication
- Blank Media
- Disc Packaging Product information
- Disc Publiching Services
Draw from the experts of our Disc Services Team with decades of experience in CD and DVD production. CCI Solutions will help you find the right disc media, packaging, printing and duplicating equipment for your projects. Discs service offers complete disc duplication/ replication, printing and packaging.
Help with System Design and Contracting:
If you are looking for sound, video and lighting consulting and contracting services for churches and public facilities, then you want to contact CCI Solutions Systems Group. their dedicated professionals have over 30 years experience in AV systems design and installation for public performance spaces.
Acoustic Consulting Services:
Architects, contractors or facilities managers that are seeking professional acoustical consulting should contact our Acoustical Consultant. Architects from around the country choose CCI Solutions for the acoustical expertise on some of the most challenging performance-oriented projects in the country.The ornate design and vintage look of Kenneth Jay Lane's gunmetal-plated bangle with anthracite Swarovski crystals will lend a beautiful antique accent to any outfit. Highlight this sparkling piece with jewel-adorned accessories for timeless glamour. Shown here with Fendi earrings, Giuseppe Zanotti shoes and clutch and a Tibi dress.
Gunmetal-plated bangle with anthracite Swarovski crystal embellishment. Kenneth Jay Lane bangle has a hinged opening and a concealed magnetic clasp.
Product code: 107388 - Need help? Contact usSaturday - Day 3
Last day of Nashville Summer NAMM 2013 in the new Music City convention centre. Michael Elsner, who is on the spot blogging live for us will bring you more from the show today.Michael is a professional guitarist, songrwriter and film score composer with a keen interest in all music gear.
For more information about Michael - check out Michaelelsner.comSometimes, professionals or business owners who need a raft of information to stay on top of the game must have a way to see everything organized on one screen. 134 more words
An LCD Module Times Many: Putting a Set of Units for Full Awareness
Lowest possible price on CP-X2530WN LCD Projector CPX2530WN
CP-X2530WN LCD Projector – 720p – HDTV – 4:3 price:
On Sale Today:
Rated 4.7 out of 5
based on 14 customer reviews
Technical Stuff: 366 more words
Recent purchases...
I’ve made a couple of recent purchases after considering the full scope of my project.
Firstly I’ve bought another SparkFun 16×2 LCD module, and this time I won’t ruin it with a soldering iron by accident!!! 481 more words
LCD Display Module Company Offers Products in Time for Display Week
Microtips Technology, LLC, an LCD display module manufacturer and supplier, is offering various products in time for Display Week 2015. Graphic LCD display modules, monochrome LCD display modules, and OLED display modules are some of the company’s specialties. 106 more words
Macbook LCD Glass Panel Repair Service
Dropping your Macbook Pro, iMac, or Windows Computer Laptop display screen can severely impact your laptops performance and/or cause your display panel to go black and having bleeding issues in your display screen. 451 more words
Eon V Smartwatch!
Well after months of waiting and designing, I’ve finally managed to build the Eon V smartwatch! Why its version 5, I’m not to sure other than other few that actually worked though five sounds good so I’m going to keep it. 480 more words
Global LCD Glass Industry 2015 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview : Industry Trend, Size, Share
Global industry for LCD Glass is a distinctive study encompassing a detailed study of the industry pertaining to an important set of industry verticals. The report, titled Global LCD Glass Industry 2015, is the result of data gathered from industry experts and a mix of primary and secondary research methodologies. 84 more wordsWrite
We are in need of more content - if you have a good history essay/article, submit it to us. We will review and publish it. Use this e-mail: joaquin@joaquin.cc. Thank you.
Add a castle
Another way to help Medievality is by adding a castle. Go here and follow the instructions.Please log in or register to manage your account
In stock
$16.06$1140 / each
Microline 421 Dot Matrix Impact Printer
In stock
$949.89$57943 / each
Okidata ML321T, ML391T Pull Tractor, Okidata 70030601
Out of stock
$80.03$4882 / each
Okidata 52208101 8.5 x 11 110lb Premium Card Stock
Out of stock
$5.46$355 / eachAbout American Dream Retirement Solutions, Inc
WHO WE ARE:
The mission of American Dream Retirement is to assist our clients in attaining a comfortable and safe pathway of financial independence before and during retirement.
WHAT WE DO:
- Offer an approach to maximize and maintain our clients savings.
- Protect clients estate from tax burdens
- Establish a comprehensive plan to meet your financial objectives
- 401K account rollovers
- Lifetime Income Strategies
- Fixed short term accounts
- Leave a tax free legacy
- Determine when it is most beneficial to start social security
- Medicare Supplement
- Short Term Recovery
HOW WE DO IT:
We not only ask the right questions, but then listen to your answers. Based on your answers and needs, we then devise a plan that will make your retirement ideal. Many of our clients seek out our services after a life changing event, a change in job, becoming an empty nester and thinking more about retirement, becoming a grandparent, sadly a divorce or death of a spouse, whatever the situation we establish a financial plan. We work with a multitude of strong, highly rated insurance companies that offer a wide variety of products. American Dream Retirement Solutions, Inc. charges no fees.
Rule #1 – Never lose money
Rule #2 – Never forget Rule #1
Warren BuffettCollege costs are going up, but fewer people know about college-savings plans than last year, according to a recent Edward Jones survey.
The May poll of 1,000 adults found that 70% of Americans do not know that 529 plans are a college-savings tool, up from the 63% level in 2012.
In other words, only 30% of Americans can correctly identify a 529 plan as a college savings tool from among four potential options vs. 37%, in a press release.
“It seems counterintuitive that the costs of higher education continue to rise while awareness for a vehicle that can make this cost more manageable continues to decline,” Dosmann explained. “We like to remind our clients that starting a 529 plan savings program as early as possible will help ease the burden as children near college age."
Specific Findings
There were sharp dips in awareness across the country.
In the Northeast, the level of 529 awareness stands at 39% in 2014 vs. 45% in 2013, while in the Midwest the level of 529 knowledge is 30% this year, down from 36% in ‘13.
When looking at household income, about 32% of those earnings $50,000-$75,000 know about 529 plans. Last year, this figure was 42%.
By age, respondents 65 and up have the lowest levels of awareness: 18%.
"Grandparents represent an opportunity when it comes to managing the cost of college," said Dosmann. "Talking to grandparents about participating in 529 plans is an excellent way to build assets in a portfolio – and for the grandparents, it's fulfilling and there may be tax advantages as well."
Legg Mason, which surveyed 1,000 grandparents with at least $50,000 income in November 2013, found that about two-thirds were saving or planning to save for their grandchildren’s future education. Plus, 40% said they planned to use 529 college savings plans, the survey found.
Special Push
St. Louis-based Edward Jones says its 12,000 advisors and its branches nationwide will recognize Thursday, May 29 as "Save for Education Day."
On that day, branches will host events to remind families about the importance of setting education savings goals.
-- Related ThinkAdvisor stories:[I accidentally posted this to russ directly, posting to list now] On 2/3/06, Russ Cook <russcook@mbo.net> wrote: > I am currently running a 64-bit system, using Stable in my apt sources.list. > I find that some packages are unavailable to me (as expected). I understand > that amd64 is not an official part of the archives yet, but all the > ramifications > are unclear to me. Not all packages are available in testing, and unstable either. If you want to run a package not in the amd64 archive (such as openoffice, flash and so on), you'll have to install a 32-bit chroot. See this howto: > Is Etch the current unstable source tree for amd64, > or is > it testing, and is unstable more unstable than testing, or vice-versa? Dist name association is () Stable: Sarge Testing: Etch Unstable: Sid It doesn't matter which architecture you run, the dist name association is the same. You can refer to the distribution either as "etch", either as "testing" (for example). So you can put "testing" in your apt sources, and even when another release appears, you are going to use the new "testing" distribution. If you say etch, then you are going to use the etch distribution, even when it becomes stable, oldstable and so on. If you say unstable, or sid you are going to use that, as "sid" is always the name of the unstable distro. I hope I explained this clear enough. > am using the unstable distribution on amd64, and didn't have crashes. I was using the unstable distribution on i386 too. I didn't notice 'unstable on amd64' being "more unstable" than 'unstable on i386'. Of course since you are currently using stable I recomend staying with it. Upgrade to testing though, if you have hardware that is not supported by stable. > I guess what I'm really > asking is > what is the correspondence between degress of stability with stable, > unstable, testing, experimental, and what dist names are associated with > these levels - Sid, Sarge, Etch, etc? See my answer above > > What does debian-marrilat offer that the other mirrors don't? I don't know, perhaps somebody else can shed some light on this. EdwinAlcohol Counter-Advertising and the Media: A Review of Recent Research
Academic journal article
By Agostinelli, Gina; Grube, Joel W.
Alcohol Research , Vol. 26, No. 1 , Winter 2002
Grube, Joel W.
Article excerpt
Counter-advertising commonly is used to balance the effects that alcohol advertising may have on alcohol consumption and alcohol-related problems. Such measures can take the form of print or broadcast advertisements (e.g., public service announcements [PSAs]) as well as product warning labels. The effectiveness of both types of counter-advertising is reviewed using the Elaboration Likelihood Model as a theoretical framework. For print and broadcast counter-advertisements, such factors as their emotional appeal and the credibility of the source, as well as audience factors, can influence their effectiveness. Further, brewer-sponsored counter-advertisements are evaluated and received differently than are the more conventional PSA counter-advertisements. For warning labels, both the content and design of the label influence their effectiveness, as do audience factors. The effectiveness of those labels is evaluated in terms of the extent to which they impact cognitive and affective processes as well as drinking b ehavior. KEY WORDS: counter-advertising; alcohol or other drug (AOD) product advertising; AOD advertising impact; warning label; public service announcement; mass media prevention approach; behavioral change; survey of research
**********
Widespread concern exists among policymakers and the public about the potential effects of alcohol advertising on alcohol consumption and problems, especially among children and adolescents. It is especially important to counter the potential effects of advertising on young people because these age groups may be more susceptible to those effects. Children are less able to discriminate between advertising and other media content and are less critical of commercial messages than are adults (Atkin 1995). Moreover, recent studies of children and adolescents (e.g., Casswell and Zhang 1998; Grube and Wallack 1994; Wyllie et al. 1998) have shown that attention to and liking of alcohol advertising are related to (1) greater knowledge about alcohol slogans and beer brands, (2) more favorable beliefs about drinking, (3) increased intentions to drink as an adult, and (4) increased drinking. Similarly, it may be important to counter the potential effects of alcohol advertising on young adults, and especially college stu dents, who frequently are at risk for heavy and problematic drinking (Wechsler et al. 2000).
A recent national survey indicates that 67 percent of adults in the United States support banning liquor advertisements on television and 61 percent favor banning beer and wine advertisements in this medium (Wagenaar et al. 2000). Similarly, public health advocates routinely call for the strict regulation or even elimination of alcohol advertising, and initiatives at the community level frequently focus on reducing local alcohol advertising. In part, concerns about alcohol advertising result from its pervasiveness. In 1999, the alcoholic beverage industry spent $1.24 billion on alcohol advertising (Center for Science in the Public Interest 2001). Most of these expenditures ($796.3 million) were concentrated on television and radio commercials; among beverage types, beer advertising accounted for the majority of the spending ($799.7 million). Consistent with these data, studies document that alcohol advertising, and particularly beer advertising, is a relatively frequent occurrence on television, especially in sports programming. For example, approximately two alcohol advertisements appear in each hour of major professional sports programming, compared with approximately one alcohol advertisement in every 4 hours of entertainment programming (Grube 1993, 1995; Madden and Grube 1994).
To address and counteract the pervasiveness of alcohol advertising, policymakers can take several approaches. In addition to the restrictions on alcohol advertising discussed above, counter-advertising--the presentation of factual information and persuasive messages through the media--is such an approach. …!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
Spirituality, after all, is not as marketable as sex appeal, so maybe the media-savvy McCarthy is exposing a true vulnerability.
Yale announced a 13.4 percent loss to its $22.5 endowment fund in October 2008 in its “marketable securities.”
As Wible puts it, “complex storylines”—plot arcs “spread out over many comics”—have to be distilled down to marketable basics.Linked by Thom Holwerda on Thu 5th Nov 2009 23:05 UTC
Thread beginning with comment 393220
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
RE: Comment by frood
by jabjoe on Fri 6th Nov 2009 12:23 in reply to "Comment by frood"
Member since:
2005-07-06.Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure Industry News
[February 05, 2013]
AP Top News at 12:33ic militant groups because they can move across borders and carry out attacks easier than people from Middle East and South Asian countries closely identified with terrorism..
Memo gives basis for drone strikes vs US citizensWASHINGTON (AP) _.
US sues S&P over pre-crisis mortgage ratings.
Obama seeks to avoid sequester with short-term fixWASHINGTON (AP) _.
Small Ala. town: Relief that child hostage is safeMID.
Superdome officials worried about a power outageNEW.
Egypt's top cleric voices Sunnis' worries of IranC Interview: Egypt pope criticizes constitutionALmany ways, they are further advanced in mobile service innovation, as many businesses are built first from a mobile perspective.
Across emerging markets, mobile is consistently an engine of growth, but as technology evolves, the mobile industry will need to play an active part in helping governments address socio-economic challenges, enable progress and build sustainable mobile ecosystems for the future. To discuss some of these challenges, we held a panel at BlackBerry Live 2013 with industry leaders, analysts, and developers to exchange insights on BlackBerry innovation in emerging markets around the world.
Participants in the panel included: Robert Bose and Wes Nicol, BlackBerry’s Regional Marketing Directors for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LATAM) respectively; Leandro Melo de Sales, Professor at Institute of Computing (IC) at Federal University of Alagoas (UFAL) and Principal at BlackBerry Tech Center, Brazil; Alexander Rusli, CEO of Indosat, one of Indonesia’s largest telecommunication networks and service providers; Leon van Dyk, BlackBerry apps lab manager in South Africa; and Victor Dibia, developer and founder of denvycom in Nigeria.
Moderator John Jackson, Vice President of Mobile & Connected Platforms at IDC, opened the discussion by discussing the significant roles that mobile devices play for customers in developing markets, including functioning as a primary source of information, internet access and general computing needs.
Panelists then discussed the specific trends that are driving innovation in their respective regions. In Indonesia, Alexander Rusli noted the decline of mass-focused applications such as Twitter and Facebook, but great opportunity for community-based applications, such as for football communities or the fashion industry. Wes Nicol talked about the need for precise market segmentation in Latin America, noting that mobile device usage and behaviors varied from country to country and market to market.
Another topic of discussion included the lack of infrastructure in various developing markets, which the panelists observed as a catalyst for innovation. The lack of Internet and computing infrastructure has inspired new use cases for mobile devices. In Nigeria, Victor Dibia has observed that “students primarily study using their devices, small businesses convert customers using BBM, and these new activities are creating new opportunities for innovative apps from developers.”
Lastly, the panelists welcomed the newly announced BlackBerry Q5 device. “Do not stop releasing devices aimed at emerging markets [such as the Q5], so that the transition… to BlackBerry 10 is a smooth one and widely adopted,” said Leon van Dyk.
Do you work in some of the world’s fastest growing mobile markets like our panelists? What mobile innovation trends have you observed to be particularly relevant?basically the old website, which as many many different types of products, is being changed into a "web mall" type website. The products, based on industry, will be broken down into about 10 different "categories" that will actually be leading to different domain names that still contain the name of the company.
REASON: the main selling product is very small and if the customer purchases over a certain amount of them, the shipping is free. if they purchase a large item on the same order the shipping would not calculate to be profitable. So, im thinking the larger items and the other items that do not sell as often will be on a completely separate domain with a separate checkout.
Question #1:
IS THERE A WAY TO AVOID THIS? I would like to have all of my items on the same domain, but I want to offer the FREE SHIPPING on ONE type of item only..when the customer buys a certain amount of that product.
Question #2:
Will this effect google's perception of my store? Since the main domain will have cross-links to the other "sub-domains", if you wanna call it that, im thinking this wont be negative SEO
Question #3:
Do you think the customer would be fed up? Confused? I know if they want to buy the small items to get the free shipping, they might also want a bigger item too.. but its not profitable to ship the large items for free.. in fact its the opposite
SO.. they would in theory, they would have to place a separate order on the other "sub domain" website for the large items and have to proceed with a separate shipping, order, checkout, all that..
Im looking for any suggestions and adivse if this is a good idea/bad idea..
Thanks!!
(Thread moved to eCommerce section)
The problem sounds to me like your back-end logic needs a bit of work. I can see no reason at all why you would need to separate out the large and small items for the customer interface. Any half-way decent system should be able to cope with variable postage prices with one of the possible values being zero. It should be able to cope with the idea that if the customer buys A, with free postage, and B, with postage at $5, the total postage will be $5. As should the customers themselves. As long as you make it clear for each product what the deal is for postage, I don't see why there's an issue.
If someone orders large and small items together, and it's cheaper for you to post them separately, post them separately. It may be a good idea to add a note in the purchase process to say that items may be dispatched separately where it's more efficient or cost effective to do so, just to avoid customers being confused when only half the order turns up, but that's no big deal at all.
Thank you! I would like to do that I think... I'm using magento so I'm thinking that should be do-able. But If I cant get it to work, the main domain (which currently has all of the items) will be converted into a "web mall" of sorts/portal/whatever you want to call it to link to all of the other domains.. I can't get a confirmation from google or any of their forums if there would be a penalty.. The domain lands on the first page for a lot of keywords and I don't want to start from scratch. It would be nice to achieve the web mall type feature and not loose my credibility with google... should they be sub-domains? or does it matter to them?
This topic is now closed. New replies are no longer allowed.Entourage's Kevin Connolly was spotted out last week doing a little shoe shopping. With the weather cooling down he cozied up in Gypsy 05's Phiz Ed sweatshirt. He paired it with the perfect jeans, aviators and sneakers for a casual day out. Remember, the holidays are right around the corner, better browse our hoodies for your guy!
Start shopping here:
Currently rated 1.5 by 54 people
That
Entourage's Adrian Grenier got into the spirit of the Coachella Valley Music Festival by rocking his Gypsy 05 Bubble Soul-T in Grey! This vintage rocker inspired tee is the perfect fit for Coachella and looks great on Adrian! If you want to party like a rockstar(or actor) you need to get this shirt! Pick it up here:
Currently rated 1.6 by 31 people
Check this cool cat out. This was a photo shoot to get people to go green for the A&E channel.
He's looking good, and you know Gypsy loves Entourage, they know how to keep it REAL, L.A.
Be the first to rate this postBoth Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan have decried defense cuts which were put in place by a Congressional supercommittee designed originally to handle the debt ceiling crisis. These cuts are scheduled to go into effect in January 2 with layoff notifications to go out 45 days ahead of time?
Guests:
Congressman Buck McKeon, (R), 25th District, Santa Clarita Valley, Antelope Valley, San Bernardino, Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee
Mattie Duppler, Director of Budget & Regulatory Policy, Americans for Tax ReformCharlie Ergen: When he’s not running the nation’s No. 3 pay TV service, or cleaning up at the blackjack table, he’s thinking up new ways to protect the linear TV business from hordes of digital-video invaders.
Interviewed by the Wall Street Journal, the Dish Network founder and chairman attempted to paint a new, highly controversial commercial-skipping feature in his company’s Hopper digital video recorders as a necessary innovation.
Also read: Dish defends ad-skipping DVR, pay TV peers throw it under bus
“Ultimately, broadcasters and advertisers have to change the way they do business or they run the risk of linear TV becoming obsolete,” Ergen told the paper.
But in the same interview, even the 59-year-old former pro gambler seemed to belie his own spin, tying the introduction of the new commercial-skipping feature to a motive that many have suspected all along: Dish wants leverage to drive down spiraling broadcast network retransmission fees.
“If the ad is skipped, the consumer likes it, but it’s not necessarily good for me and it’s not necessarily good for the broadcaster because I’m in the same ecosystem as him,” Ergen told the Journal while consuming a $2.98 pancake breakfast at his favorite place near Dish’s Englewood, Colo. headquarters:
“So we have to figure out how the broadcaster benefits, we benefit and the consumer continues to feel like he gets a fair deal. So maybe [the consumer] pays a little bit less for ‘retrans,’ his bill doesn’t go up by double digits every year … That’s an interesting conversation to have.”
One skeptical TV executive interviewed by the paper, when apprised that Ergen had described the commercial skipping as an innovation, said, “That’s like putting nice drapery on top of a casket. It’s 99 percent more likely that the conversation … is about retransmission fees.”
Dish ignited a fire storm last month when it introduced a new feature called Auto Hop that deletes commercials from recordings of broadcast-network shows. The matter quickly moved to federal court, with the major networks suing satellite carrier, but not before it was able to sue them first in a pre-emptive move.
You are currently browsing the tag archive for the ‘Lao-Tze’ tag.
I’m going through one of those times again when thoughts aren’t rational and I am making myself anxious over silly things, one being social media. Nothing real and nothing important to my life, work, or relationships. Why? Who knows. But, it is those times when we discover where we’ve been clinging to the wrong things, and trying to fit ourselves through openings we weren’t meant to pass through. Where instead of listening we’ve been pushing. Instead of waiting we’ve been putting the pedal to the metal and grinding our wheels only to see we’ve moved but a few inches. We would have moved those inches without the wheel spinning.
I’m pulling back once again, and I’m going to try so hard to wait for that still small voice before making any steps forward, even if that means waiting months and years. I’m going to do the small things that count for big things, and leave the big things that count for not much alone. My girls need me fully present mentally. My husband needs me. I need me not to scatter hopes in a million directions searching for some kind of satisfaction that I’m not even sure I would recognize when I received it. I’d probably call it something else and continue the struggle.
I hope to be back here more often recording the progress of little things. Really little things. Seconds of moments. Living now, my life. Not my past life, my future life, but the only life I have – my present life.
There is no need to run outside
For better seeing,
Nor to peer from a window. Rather abide
At the center of your being;
For the more you leave it, the less you learn.
– Lao-Tze
The kingdom of God is within you.
– Jesus of Nazareth
In the meantime, meet our newest addition to the family. Goldie, a 2 month old mixed breed female found stray.Dell had a line of ultrathin laptops called the Adamo that seemed to be competing with the MacBook Air, but due to low sales numbers, the last model from the Adamo line, the Adamo XPS, was discontinued back in February. However, with Intel’s push behind its Ultrabook category of laptops, Dell may be jumping back into the pool with their Ultrabook model around the time of CES 2012.
Dell had some great hardware designs for the Adamo line, as can be seen above. However, due to high prices for components, and disappointing performance from those components and batteries, people just weren’t keen to shell out so much for an underperforming laptop. But now that Intel is helping manufacturers make thin and light Ultrabooks with great battery life, graphics, and computing performance, Dell may have more success with an Ultrabook line this time around.
In addition, Intel will be announcing availability of their next-generation, 22-nanometer, Ivy Bridge processor which will be
powering many (if not all) Ultrabooks for released around spring of 2012 , around the time of CES, allowing Ultrabook manufacturers to adopt it for their fall 2012 products. So while the timing for Dell’s possible Ultrabook would be coincidental, it would make sense for Dell to take advantage of Ivy Bridge’s USB 3.0 support and more powerful graphics performance.
Dell has had some really interesting hardware designs, like the Inspiron Duo with the 360-degree, horizontally swiveling screen, or the Adamo XPS above. It would be nice to see more innovative designs pop up in the Ultrabook category to add a little bit more variety to the more conventional, MacBook Air-like designs from Asus and Acer. Lenovo and Toshiba had Ultrabook models that looked a tad different from the Acer and Asus models, but not as different as the aforementioned Dell products. Dell might be able to win over some Ultrabook shoppers if they can get the pricing right.
Via Electronista, CNet
Pingback: Dell Returns to Thin and Light Category | Eee PCTen years ago, Morgan Stroman sent in an application to participate in the Hoopology basketball camp at Eau Claire.
“She was my first girl to apply, and I couldn’t even have a girls camp that year,” remembers camp director James Abrams. This week, the camp’s seventh, more than 80 girls played basketball at the camp, and Stroman was on the camp’s staff.
She was among several Hoopology alumni to return to Eau Claire and share their knowledge with the area’s future girls basketball stars. Stroman, Janae Stevenson, Alexis Foulks and Jontay Mitchum worked alongside the coaches who once trained them – Precious Caldwell, JoJo English, Debbie Stroman and Bobby Young among them, They provided instruction, directed drills and demonstrated skills.
“After all these coaches raised me, I have to give back,” said Foulks, a recent Columbia High graduate who is headed to Georgia Southern next week. “Now I get to work out with the people I used to look up to.”
Sharita Godfrey, a rising freshman at Richland Northeast and daughter of Cavaliers assistant coach Bob Godfrey, said she was excited to get tips on defense from Stroman.
“All of these players here, I think I learned from them,” Godfrey said.
“It’s kind of like my family,” said Stroman, who attended the camp for six years. “I feel like I’m still one of the kids, still out there playing.”
Stroman has played overseas in Finland and Spain since graduating from Miami in 2013. She will travel to Romania to play in August, but she is home for the summer and felt it was important to devote this week to giving back.
“I know when I was young, a lot of people tried to show me things to help me, so I need to show these girls, too,” Stroman said. “I’ve just been taking drills from college, game situations, things that they can use to elevate their game.”
It is no coincidence that girls basketball in South Carolina and its capital has been on the rise in recent years, or that two of the state’s four McDonald’s All-Americans in the past six years – Stroman and Spring Valley’s Xylina McDaniel – once were Hoopology campers.
“Programs like ours and (USC) coach Dawn Staley’s have helped the city, and it has raised the bar for these girls,” Abrams said.
And it has put hundreds of young girls in the presence of greatness.
“When we were younger, we had to have somebody to look up to, and these girls have to have that, too,” said Mitchum, a Ridge View graduate who is headed to Western Carolina on a scholarship. “You get a starry-eyed feeling when you look at them and see how good they can be.”
Abrams said the willingness of the camp’s alumni to return as counselors “speaks volumes about what we do and what we can do,” Abrams said.
After 13 years running Hoopology – the 13th annual camp for boys will run the same program June 23-26 – Abrams and his staff have got basketball training down to a science.
“It’s not about gender,” Abrams said. “It’s an education.”The these days.
Here are some notes:
- Brett Gardner plans on using a protective ring on his thumb the rest of the season.
- Yankees minor league outfielder David Winfree has a clause in his contract that allows him to look for a team that is willing to put him on the 40-man roster. The clause only allows him 24 hours to find this team and that time started either yesterday or today so if we don’t get any updates by tomorrow we can assume he’s staying with the Yankees.
- Here are a list of players rumored to have been signed by the Yankees since the draft: Kyle Roller 1B – 8th Round, Zach Varce RHP – 11th, Chase Whitley RHP – 15th, Preston Claiborne RHP – 17th, Mike Ferraro OF – 20th, Trevor Johnson LHP – 22nd, Shane Brown OF – 23rd, Conor Mullee RHP – 24th, Casey Stevenson 2B – 25th, James Gipson RHP – 31st, William Oliver RHP – 35th, Nick McCoy C – 36th, Nathan Forer RHP – 46th, Frederick Lewis LHP – 47th.
- Most of the college students that were taken in the draft and have signed already will be heading for Staten Island, a practice that was confirmed by Yankees vice president of baseball operations Mark Newman.
- Staten Island won’t be officially unveiling their roster until this Friday, but Robert Pimpsner of Baseball Digest updated his list of expected SI players.
I’ll be trying to make it out to Staten Island a few times this season to cover some games and maybe get some player interviews. So be on the look out for that.
There are some kids down in the Dominican that are really raking (although it is a fairly small sample size.) If they continue to do well, do they get a call up to SI, or do they go to the Gulf Coast?
It depends on a few things and at that level their development is more important than their numbers. Numbers are a part of it, but they want everyone to be at the same level development wise in Staten Island. So without seeing these kids play it is very hard to say one way or another. Take a look at Pimpsner list, that's probably going to be pretty close to SI's roster for the remainder of the year regardless of numbers. The only thing that will really change will be due to injuries.
What about the late signers then?
It depends on how late they sign. When I covered SI in 2008 Jeremy Bleich signed the last week you could sign and was sent to SI because they thought that he could help them in the playoffs and there was a spot open in their rotation because of injuries. Other guys, if they sign real late and there is no obvious spot on the roster they hold them back until next year.
If they are late signing high schoolers they might make it to the Gulf Coast League.
Again, there is no set rule with this kind of stuff, it's generally on a case by case basis. Usually with the top picks they really want to see them play so they will find a spot for them somewhere.
By the way, Brackman struck out 11 last night. Any idea if his velocity has improved?
Early this year he had lost a lot of velocity, but he's been gaining it back. I did not hear of anybody who heard him clocked last night though.
I'm still looking for the twin towers (Brackman and Betance) in New York. So far, so good this year.
by the way, thanks for your replies.Comparing Subsartorial Saphenous Nerve Blocks With and Without Dexamethasone for Anterior Cruciate Ligament Reconstruction
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- No Study Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record
] [).
_2<<
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01586806
Additional Information:
Publications:
Keywords provided by Hospital for Special Surgery, New York:
Additional relevant MeSH terms:
ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on May 20, 2015The only thing predictable about Jeff Lawrence is that he's funny. This gay, Jewish stand-up comedian was once a rock singer who appeared with Bob Dylan on the Grammy Awards. He’s a die hard Yankee, Jets, and Brooklyn Nets fan, a recovered substance abuser, and is against gay marriage. Well, at least until he figures out gay dating. If that's too much information too soon, too bad. In Jeff's world it's never soon enough.
His unique blend of no holds barred stand-up is catching on across the country. Whether he’s denouncing organized religion, debunking gay stereotypes, or joking about his neighborhood in Chinatown, he always leaves audiences wanting more. His ability to be lovable and searing at the same time is also making him a sought after roast master.
Jeff's You Tube videos are gaining international attention, with over 250,000 hits combined. He was recently taped for Comedy Time TV, and has appeared in the NY Underground Comedy Festival, The Music is a Joke Reality Series, and the NY Comedy Competition. Jeff has been mentioned in the New York Daily News and Time Out New York, featured in GALA magazine, and has been heard on Mancow Radio. several commercial, film and television roles.
Comedian Jeff Lawrence discusses the gay mafia while performing at the New York Comedy Club in NYC.
Comedian Jeff Lawrence describes the people in his changing neighborhood in NYC at his show at the Broadway Comedy Club, Jan. 23 2009
Comedian Jeff Lawrence tackles the issue of homosexuality being genetic at hishow at The Broadway Comedy Club in NYC. Jan 23 2009
Comedian Jeff Lawrence delivers his Hanukkah Gift at his Holiday show. Broadway comedy Club in NYC 12/18/08.
Jeff Lawrence talks about homosexuality in nature...
Jeff Lawrence at his Killers of Comedy Show, Broadway Comedy /club NYC 9/12/08
Comedian Jeff Lawrence on coming out to his parentsSchool board hopefuls face public
6 candidates shake hands, respond to education questions in Germantown nondebate
About 55 voters saw six Shelby County Board of Education candidates square off during a political forum Tuesday night in Germantown.
After an hour meet-and-greet at Germantown's Municipal Center, a moderator asked candidates a variety of questions on special school districts, taxing authority and single-source funding.
Three district races are contested:
Snowden "Butch" Carruthers and Charlene White are running for the District 1 post that is now held by Teresa Price of Millington. Carruthers is retired as Bolton High's principal.
Carruthers focused on his career as an educator who has dealt with the byproduct of board policies. White is PTA president for Millington Central High. She highlighted her experience in both private and public schools before her husband retired from the Navy and moved to Millington.
Lara McIntyre and David Reaves are running for the District 3 post now held by Anne Edmiston of Bartlett.
Incumbent board chairman David Pickler, facing a challenge from Ken Hoover, is hoping to hang onto his District 5 seat that covers Germantown. Pickler hasn't had an opponent in a decade, and is seeking his fourth four-year term.
Board members Price and Edmiston are not seeking re-election.
Because the forum was not a debate, not all the candidates answered the same questions. At times, White, McIntyre and Reaves referred to Pickler in giving their answers.
All the candidates favored having Shelby County become a special school district but Reaves, Hoover and McIntyre are opposed to the Board of Education having taxing authority.
Hoover said for years the county has tried to draft state legislation for special school districts. "We need a new plan ... a new strategy," he said.
Regarding parental involvement, Pickler said he is proud that the board passed a policy that each school have an active and engaged PTA. Regarding his opposition to consolidation, Pickler said that in other cities and counties that have consolidated metro governments, eventually the schools also were consolidated.
While charter schools currently cannot be opened in the county, Hoover in District 5 had no opposition to them. White in District 1 also favored charter schools, particularly for the Northaven community outside Millington, where students are bused 17 miles to attend school.
Shelby County Council PTA and the League of Women Voters of Memphis/Shelby County co-hosted the Tuesday night event. Although the May 4 primary is just weeks away, the names of the Board of Education candidates won't on the ballot until the Aug. 5 general election because their races are nonpartisan.
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-789-0831.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6:30am-11:30am / Sunday: 6am-1pmThis impressive four light chandelier comes in an imperial silver finish.
Quoizel's Uptown Gotham four light chandelier is sure to bring a hip and very contemporary touch to the kitchen or dining room. Its frame features curvilinear arms that meet with a circular base attached to the shades. The imperial silver finish and beautiful black shades makes this piece a must have.Speaking at the IAB's MIXX conference today, Facebook head of measurement and insights Brad Smallwood preached the gospel of online reach and frequency. He used in-house campaign data to make the case that closely managing these two bastions of broadcast media planning -- in a digital and, yes, social setting -- leads to better ad ROI and ultimately brand/sales lift (or whatever KPI you prefer).
Among Smallwood's key points:
-Campaigns that effectively managed reach had on average 70% greater ROI, he said. What "effectively managed" means isn't clear, but presumably it refers to efforts by large advertisers to manage ad exposure on a market-by-market basis, as well as nationally.
-Fully 70% of campaigns leveraging Facebook's new Datalogix partnership saw 3x or greater return on ad spend (ROAS), and nearly half saw 5x or greater ROAS. Through the Datalogix tie-in, advertisers can match point of sale conversions to Facebook ad impressions that may have happened earlier. (More) This is not exactly a reach/frequency play, but it's in the same ballpark since using Datalogix to track conversions implies a broad-based consumer marketing campaign of the sort that would use R&F.
-Smallwood said 99% of sales that come from marketing campaigns come from people who don't interact with ads. (He didn't provide a source on this, though it's plausible in light of today's miniscule average click and interaction rates.) "Brands should be optimizing to that 99%."
Nestle Facebook Learnings
Smallwood was joined by Tom Buday, Nestle's global head of marketing and consumer communication. Buday outlined Nestle's Facebook approach through the example of its portfolio brand Skinny Cow. Buday said the brand is successful on Facebook because of its perceived authenticity leading to significant "owned" media impressions. Those impressions, in the form of Page Posts, make it to the news feed at a significantly higher rate than the 16 percent or so average that Facebook says most brands on the site can expect, Buday said.
Despite that high penetration rate, or perhaps because of it, Buday argues advertising on the platform is essential. Using Facebook advertising, and not merely organic distribution, he says, "We were able to triple the reach of an already successful post… We do see value in Facebook advertising."
As for measuring offline impact, Buday believes Datalogix is an important step in that direction, but offered little reason to believe Nestle is closely managing frequency on the platform. He summed up Nestle's Facebook philosophy this way: "Reach is really important, clicks less so… Message quality is the most important thing. For frequency, manage things as you see fit."The Office of Multilingual and Global Education envisions a school community in which all students are well prepared for responsible engagement in our linguistically and culturally diverse local and global communities.
The Office of Multilingual and Global Education values the linguistic and cultural human rights of every student. The work of our division reflects these values by providing equitable access to high quality multilingual, multicultural, and global education. This work is strengthened through community engagement and shared responsibility of all stakeholders.
Use the buttons below to learn more.
Para escribirnos, haga clic aquí / For comments, please click hereSpecial Report--ENTERPRISE: In Box
GENDER WATCH
Women entrepreneurs: If you thought your years of getting paid less than men for doing the same job were over once you started your own business, guess again. A recent study on the earnings of self-employed women found they earn much less than self-employed men. In fact, the pay gap between men and women who are self-employed is even larger than the gap between male and female employees (chart).
"Self-employment is not a way of escaping discrimination," says Edward G. Starr, senior economist at the Office of Economic Research at the Small Business Administration, which funded the study. Its title: Business Ownership as an Employment Opportunity for Women, by Steven Lustgarten.
The study also found that the more client contact required, (as in sales), the greater the earnings differential between men and women. "It highlights a source of discrimination that doesn't usually show up," says Starr.EDITED BY AMEY STONEThe fairy tales of “Red Riding Hood” and “The Brave Little Tailor” accompany the little guests virtually up the Hannigalp. The adventure starts as soon as visitors board the cable car. The voice of the famous actress Silvia Jost narrates the tales and transports passengers to the land of Grimm fairy tales. Every story takes up the exact amount of time as the cable car ride.James J. "Jim" McKown, 85, Sauk Rapids, Minn., formerly of Ft. Wayne, Ind., died Sunday, Sept. 1, 2013 at his residence.
He was born May 14, 1928, in Ft. Wayne, to Hayse and Hildegard (Sachs) McKown.
He was a Korean War veteran, serving in the U.S. Marine Corps from 1952-1954. He was an Indiana State Trooper, serving at the Ft. Wayne Post for many years before accepting a position as Chief of Police in Buffalo, Minn. until his retirement in 1984. After his retirement, he and his wife moved to a lake home on West Battle Lake and resided there until moving to Sauk Rapids eight years ago.
He was married August 7, 1948, in Ft. Wayne, to Marjorie "Dean" Spaulding. She survives.
Also surviving are three children, Melissa (Bob) Hilsgen, Sartell, Minn., Shawn (Walter B. Richardson Jr.) Richardson, Boerne, Texas, and Kevin (Linda) McKown, Andover, Minn.; six grandchildren, Meghan, Suzie, Drei, Killian, Amanda, and Heather; and three great-grandchildren.
He was preceded in death by his parents, two brothers, one sister, and his good friend, Jim Nelson.
A private family memorial service will take place at Minnesota State Veterans Cemetery, Little Falls, Minn.
Williams Dingmann Family Funeral Home in Sauk Rapids, Minn., is in charge of arrangements. Lakoff, a linguistics professor at Berkeley, suggests in an Alternet interview a way for Kerry to more forcefully take up the Iraq issue: "He should say: 'It would take hundreds of thousands of troops for an indefinite period to secure Iraqit would be like Vietnam. I was in Vietnam. We got out. It was a mistake. We got out for a good reason, and it was important for us to get out. We don't want to repeat that mistake again. We don't want to put 500,000 of our troops there. We don't want to have constant escalation.' "
As for the continuing right-wing dump on Kerry's war record, he now has Bob Dole and John McCain in his corner, and just as powerful are the words of Lewis B. Puller Jr., son of Korean war hero "Chesty" Puller. In his autobiography, the younger Puller, a platoon leader, writes how he came home after three months in Vietnam legless and missing most of his fingers. He became an alcoholic and killed himself. In this book, Fortunate Son, he spoke of painful rehabilitation and coming to realize that "I had given myself to a cause that, in addition to having robbed me of my youth and left me crippled and deformed, allowed me no pride for having been a participant."
Additional reporting: Phoebe St John and Alicia Ng
Impressed by the protesting vets back home in 1971, he wrote, ."
Sponsor Content3
- Profile views: 3,265
- Group created: January 2007
--
Advertisement
- Tagline
- SURE GREGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGISH BAH...
- Me, Myself, and I
- school's out!
college is tough!
maurice's new name is borris kaloshnikov!
close Blog
the Rubys experience.. Video Box
Boys On Wheels -New Wheels On The Block
Having AutoPlay on gives you the best media experience on Bebo. When you visit another user's profile, their Video Box will automatically start playing their current favorite video.
You can change your account settings at anytime here: account settings
eyo stumbled upon your page, and you look like a good person to get to know check me out! oxox MuAh xoxo
any1 know how we delete this page???
oh shit RESULTS!!!
the electric ones are a cunt to knock off!
Sup Guys?
on well lads
Hows the exams goin guys?
kilkenny yeah?
nah u shup moss ya dope
wat u are on about ya faggit fuck off
Okay guys one week left until the big Leaving... so here are a few exam tips that i put togtether for ye lot. 1)Get plently of rest-essential. 2)get regular exercise-15mins of a jog even. 3)eat healthly- omega 3 food is vital when it cums to exams.. Avoid fatty fry ups. (believe me i eat that and felt sluggish bruvv) 4)Do not lose your head! i got too stressed in my exam that i had to ask could i get some air cos i fainted i was so nervous. 5)stay focused 6) Don't drink and drive.. Smoke weed with Clive
Good luck ye guys.. all the best
there is another page i want ye to join.go to my page and check out the very last band on my group of 16 bands.its for the cause.dont judge me!!!
if anyone sees mr. heinz tell him i want my foot back.i seemd to have drove it up his arse lastnight...
fuck off ya dope
Am I not accepted by my fellow peer's in De La Salle? Perhaps if my skin was white you would be in awe of my muscular phsyique. I am a very sexy man. I may see you boogeying in Rubeys Love Club?
no,go fuck yourself!!!!
Sup Dawg, Am I invited to the Graduatipn Meal, Even though i never got to attend the school. Shall Aarron be there?
hammer time!!!!
right lads,grad meal:supermacs.double pork and hamburger,chips and a coke for 3.50...bargain!!!
right lads!! GRAD MEAL: Jade Palace..6.30 or 7.00 o clock!! about 16 euro!!The need for modern mechanical and communication systems is breathing new life into aging buildings through technologies many decades newer than their bricks and mortar;
when building renovation includes integration, advanced wired and wireless infrastructures are allowing upgrades and networking of outdated control systems even when running new wiring might be impossible, impractical or cost prohibitive.
With the latest introductions to the integration market, business buildings, learning institutions, hospitals, museums, manufacturing plants and various historical facilities are benefiting from the integration of energy-efficient and sophisticated technologies including fire and life safety systems, security programs and lighting.
Integration also is incorporating data networking capabilities and the installation of standard communication protocols for more effective inclusion of future devices and technologies.
Rebuilding the power and data infrastructures in older buildings, however, can pose a number of structural challenges to electrical contractors starting with outdated, incompatible and unreliable wiring incapable of interfacing with advanced building automation devices.
From an architectural standpoint, ceilings and walls made of materials such as brick, stone, cinder block, plaster, asbestos and steel beams enclosed in columns are difficult to open and restore. Many retrofitting projects require minimal disruption to daily operations and occupants. Others mandate low physical impact to the structure, especially with vintage and historical facilities.
According to Jeff Raimo, product manager, Siemens Building Technologies Inc., specific vertical markets and facilities have their own unique challenges. For example, it is critical for healthcare facilities to minimize the amount of airborne contaminants for infection control, while modifications in industrial plants should not interfere with production or create safety hazards.
“Frequently the best strategy is to utilize a mix of hard-wired and wireless solutions. Many devices can be easily wired and this is often the most efficient way to connect them. However, other devices may have challenging wire runs to them, and wireless makes more sense,” Raimo said.
When wiring inside walls and ceilings is outdated, inaccessible or too time-consuming to modify, surface-mounted raceway presents high-capacity integration solutions. Generally, raceway provides flexibility for future moves, adds or changes and has increased capacity compared to conduit. Recent developments provide dual-channel raceway with the ability to carry both line and low-voltage in the same raceway, said Ray Szekretar, product marketing manager of metallic raceway for Wiremold.
“Dual covers allow contractors both [power and data] to access their respective channel whenever they need to without having to access the other channel or have everything open when working with a single cover product,” Szekretar said.
Northside Independent School District (NISD) in San Antonio is committed to incorporating technology into all facets of instruction and staying ahead of the technology curve during an ambitious construction and renovation program. The district is growing by approximately 3,000 students a year with a forecast of more than 100,000 students within the next eight years.
“We have to be prepared for change, and raceway systems allow that to happen. If a school needs more computers in one area, for example, we need to be able to easily expand without major renovations,” said Paul Megerle, NISD electrical/telecommunications project manager. “This is just as true in new schools as older ones that are being upgraded because they have the same changing needs.”
Even newer buildings, those from 10 to 20 years old, require extensive work. NISD has consistently invested in upgrade services with clean power, installing raceways in all classrooms for teacher and student computers as well as floor boxes or poles to support technology.
Bringing older buildings into the new millennium for data communications requires a large volume of low and line voltage and high-speed cabling. The Wiremold nonmetallic dual channel series has 10-gigabit-ready fittings to accommodate emerging Ethernet over copper applications. An integrated divider is built into the modular design and adjusts to fit couplings as well as obstacle-avoidance fittings for box-enclosed columns and vertically run conduit or raceway.
Updating contracts often have stringent time constraints due to current occupancy. Prewired raceway cuts down on field fabrication. “It can get contractors off the job in one-third the time. This is obviously a huge money saver, especially in light of the fact that raceway is usually one of the last things installed. It can potentially put a job back on time or finish a job early, which might result in a bonus,” Szekretar said.
A prewired option allowed 19 older schools in the Columbia County, Ga., school district to be wired with voice and data connections in a tight timeframe leading up to the first day of school. Prewired 4000 series raceway was installed to spec with mounted finished units, connected leads and communications cabling—a total of 753 drops in 33 days.
Wireless infrastructures also are gaining popularity in retrofit situations where spaces may be frequently reconfigured. Many times a power source is already present, so a new wireless controller can be retrofitted to an existing VAV box, eliminating the need to pull new wiring to each box if a hard-wired network infrastructure was degraded, incompatible or not present. Wireless sensors can then easily be added to existing interior spaces without regard to what wiring might be present or where it is located.
A recent development in the wireless arena has been the emergence of mesh communications, which is bridging some of the shortfalls of earlier point-to-point wireless systems. Siemens recently introduced Apogee Wireless, the industry’s first wireless building automation system. This mesh network uses a grid-like topology to provide multiple redundant communication paths with each node functioning as a sender, receiver and router. Engineered to route signals around obstructions, each node is required to communicate with only two or three neighboring nodes.
The mesh technology is appealing to building managers because of its reliability across a wide array of building types. “The technology is proving itself to be very adaptable, regardless of whether it is being used in a small commercial office building or a large, cavernous manufacturing plant,” Raimo said.
The advanced wireless automation system allows for a staged migration of legacy systems to meet budgets and existing occupant schedules. Typically, the wiring being used by legacy systems cannot be reused by new systems. Consequently, new wiring has to be installed, and the entire network has to be taken down and data transferred to the new network at the same time.
“With a staged approach, controls can be replaced and connected to the new system via wireless links—one by one—without affecting the remaining legacy control devices. This makes scheduling easier and allows a seamless migration with no disruption in service that can be staged over time if needed to better fit tight budgets,” Raimo said.
The impact on energy efficiency is measurable, Raimo said. Wireless automation systems allow previous stand-alone systems to be networked, controlled and operated from a central control location. Combined with wireless sensing, it allows the most efficient use of equipment.
“Heating and air-conditioning units, lighting systems, fans and other pieces of equipment are only operated when needed or scheduled, cutting down on wasted energy,” Raimo said.
Although wireless systems are poised for significant growth, current building codes and standards lack technology. IEEE has continued to drive the adoption of new wireless standards in section 802.11 of the protocol standards. For low-power, low-data rate wireless, Raimo said the ZigBee Alliance—an association of companies working together to enable reliable, cost-effective, low-power, wirelessly networked monitoring and control products based on an open global standard—has been active in developing a new wireless standard.
As the cost of wireless technology continues to decrease, a wireless connection will make sense for more devices, with some experts projecting it to be a low-cost infrastructure in the future.
Raimo speculates power requirements will continue to decrease, and the use of power-harvesting strategies will increase, allowing more battery-powered wireless devices to run longer without maintenance or eliminating batteries altogether. Radio frequency electronics will be embedded into more devices. Sensors will continue to shrink and be implanted into a larger number of devices to monitor for predictive maintenance, comfort, life safety and security, etc. Building automation system devices could use the larger ubiquitous wireless infrastructure.
“Each building contains a warehouse of information that can be mined and monitored via the Internet or automatically for optimal control, energy efficiency and occupant comfort. Technical advances in areas like wireless and sensors will make it practical to access all of this information,” Raimo said. EC
MCCLUNG, owner of Woodland Communications, is a construction writer from Iowa. She can be reached via e-mail at mcclung@lisco.com.SMC vs. Wilmington
Belles Suffer Hard-fought Loss to #21 Quakers
WILMINGTON, Ohio - In one of the most tightly played contests of the year, the Saint Mary's College soccer team shouldered a hard-fought 2-0 loss to #21 Wilmington College on Friday evening.
The Belles pressured the Quakers early in the contest as Micki Hedinger fired the game's first shot on goal in the eighth minute of play. As the game went on, a pair of saves and strong defense by the Belles helped to limit the Quakers to just two shots on goal as the teams were tied 0-0 at the half.
The Belles started off the second half with a pair of strong offensive opportunities, including a shot by Colleen Ferguson that ricocheted off of the crossbar in the 60th minute.
After Patty Duffy came up with a huge save off of a header by Wilmington, the Quakers regained possession and Alex Hesson sent a shot inside the far post for the game's first goal in the 76th minute.
Hesson added another goal in the 83rd minute with an upper 90 shot for the 2-0 margin for Wilmington.
The Belles had a pair of shots late in the contest, but the shots were off frame as Saint Mary's fell by the 2-0 score.
Patty Duffy, who had yet another impressive outing, had five saves for the Belles in goal.
The Belles will stay in the state of Ohio for their next contest, which will be at Hiram College on Sunday afternoon at 1:00 p.m.Visit our other Wisconsin Historical Society websites!
Such as home display or a gift.
Such as publication, web, public display or film.
By clicking "BUY" you agree to our Terms of Use.
10-percent discount for Society Members.
Image-purchasing questions? Please Contact Us.
Two juvenile robins are posed on an egg scale and basket.
Image ID: 80903
Creation Date: 1905 ca.
Creator Name: Middleton, Clara, 1852-1910
City:
County: Dane
State: Wisconsin
Collection Name: Middleton, Clara, 1852-1910 : Middleton family photographs, circa 1892-circa 1920
Genre: Postcard
Original Format Type: photographic print, b&w
Original Format Number: PH 6407.1.3
Original Dimensions: 5 x 3.5 inches
Animals
Birds
Indoor photography
Persons
Scales (Weighing instruments)Quan Lan
Quan Lạn is an island in Ha Long Bay, Vietnam.
Understand[edit]
One.
There are two larger villages on the island with some scattered houses and guesthouses on the roads in between. Minh Chau village is in the north and has a strip of hotels, guesthouses and cabanas along the white sand beach. Quan Lan village is in the center of the island with a street of guesthouses, restaurants, and karaoke venues. The Son Hau beach area has a few resorts and guesthouses near its white sand beach. The beaches of Minh Chau and Son Hau have been claimed to be some of the best in northern Vietnam, if not all of Vietnam, by locals and foreigners alike.
Get in and out[edit]
Buses leave for the ports in Halong City and Cai Rong from Luong Yen or My Dinh bus stations in Hanoi.
For. Private wooden boats can also be chartered for 1,600,000 dong per boat and take around three hours.
Ferry boats will drop you off at the port south of Quan Lan village while private chartered boats can drop people off at the northern port near Minh Chau.
Get around[edit]
Transport is pretty limited: there's really nothing on the road after sundown. The island is about 15 km and getting around on two wheels on your own is fairly easy.
Hiring a local to drive you somewhere can be an expensive proposition compared to metered taxis elsewhere but you do travel in a xe om (tuk tuk) that is less common to see in bigger cities in Vietnam. Prices are given per vehicle so it is cheaper if you travel with groups. A ride to get half way up the island costs foreigners 100,000 - 150,000 dong. From Minh Chau port or beach to Quan Lan village, almost the entire way across the island, is 250,000 dong. It is best to organize early morning rides to the port with a guesthouse or hotel the evening before. There are a few buses that cost 10,000 dong that only run on weekends.
Bicycles can be rented from hotels or guesthouses for 50,000 - 70,000 dong of varying quality. Motorbikes can be rented for 100,000 - 150,000 dong. Petrol can be found at the corner stores at the intersection in Quan Lan village for around 40,000 - 50,000 dong. Look for the large water bottles full of Ecto Cooler looking neon green liquid. The roads are generally in decent condition but still have potholes, are often covered in sand, and have construction cars careening across them. There would appear to be little vehicle crime as locks are not given with rentals.
See[edit]
Half-way down the island, the western side features an industrial port at the tip of a very long breakwater that dissects an expansive tidal mangrove flat.
On the eastern side of the island directly east of the breakwater is a fantastic beach, which can be reached either by trudging across undeveloped dunes and tidal waters, or heading south slightly then following the road down to the single building on the beach, billing itself as a hotel.
There are a few temples scattered across the island.
Do[edit]
Walk about and explore, or swim. Don't expect much except scenery, and you'll have a good time.
Visit Minh Chau (northern) or Son Hau (central/eastern) beaches with beautiful water and soft white sand. Minh Chau beach has cabanas lining the beach with rentable hammocks, loungers, and chairs. There are inner tubes and volleyball nets for rent as well.
Buy[edit]
There are currently no ATMs on the island. A few small shops scattered in the villages carry the straw, coolie and safari hats you can see locals wearing as well as some clothing. There is a fish market at 5:30 - 6:30 and 2:30 - 3:30.
Eat and drink[edit]
Food can be more expensive than the mainland. The cheapest food is generally found in smaller family run guesthouses. Quan Lan village can be found for around 25,000 - 50,000 dong for a noodle, rice noodle or congee (rice soup) dish. Rice and noodle dishes later in the day can be found for 25,000 - 80,000 dong. Seafood dishes abound in town and can be found for a wide range of 60,000 - 150,000 dong.
Food in Minh Chau is more expensive and can get into the 100,000 - 200,000 dong range. There is western, particularly French, food available at Le Pont hotel.
Coffee is the strong and bitter Vietnamese variety served black or with condensed milk and can be found for 15,000 - 40,000 dong. Beer can be found at places labeled "Bia Hoi" for around 10,000 dong for draft beers and 15,000 - 30,000 for cold cans. Cold drinks are hard to find as electricity is not constant. Ice cream in smaller stores have the consistency of melted and refrozen treats.
Most menus do not have prices and it would be wise to ask before ordering. Vietnamese menus are generally more extensive than the one to two page English menus. Wandering around town at off hours may also mean that staff are napping or off site and inquiring with neighbors is the fastest way to see if anything is available.
Sleep[edit]
Prices are higher during weekends and holidays as many people go to Quan Lan Island as a weekend trip from Hanoi. The prices during high season (mid April - mid September) can be as high as double low season rates. The accommodation in Minh Chau and Son Hau tend to be more expensive as they are walkable to the nicer beaches. The lodging and food is generally cheaper in Quan Lan village. Not much English is spoken although most people are happy to write down prices for you on paper or using their cell phone. Electricity is only on from 10 AM - 2 PM and 6 PM - 11 PM by generator with some of the larger hotels and resorts having their own personal generators but controlling the hours air conditioning can be used.
Quan Lan village[edit]
During high season during the week on Dong Nam street (the main and really only street) in Quan Lan village, rooms with two double beds can be found with fan for 200,000 - 300,000 dong at most of the family run and some of the larger guesthouses and hotels.
- Tuan Thuy, ☎ 0333 877 329. Close to the big intersection in town with cheap, delicious food and coffee available in the restaurant downstairs. Cheap motorbikes and bicycles are available for rent. Little to no English spoken but a limited English menu is available. Fan room: 200,000 dong.
- Minh Vu Guesthouse, ☎ (+84)33 877 479. One of the oldest guesthouses in Quan Lan village that can be found on the east side of Dong Nam street on a corner leading out of town. High season room on a weekday with fan: 200,000 dong.
- ANN Hotel, ☎ (+84)33 877 889, e-mail: sales@annhotel.com.vn. Clean, new looking hotel on the main road in Quan Lan village with a pleasant patio area for their restaurant. Food is slightly pricier than other places in town but appears to be fresher as shipments arrive daily and cold drinks are always available. The hotel does have its own private generator that is not always on. The staff speak some English, the most of any guest house in this village. The karaoke venue on the top floor appears to be quite popular and loud but usually stops when the town electricity goes out at 11 PM. Wifi is available in the lobby and restaurant. Motorbikes and bicycles are available for rent. High season on a weekday: two double beds with fan: 300,000 dong with a/c: 450,000 dong.
- Song Chau Villa, ☎ 0333 877 566, e-mail: songchauvilla@gmail.com. Villa on the outside of Quan Lan village. Two person high season room: 450,000 dong. Low season: 250,000 dong.
Son Hau village[edit]
- Van Hai Resort. Right on Son Hau beach with various types of standalone villas and bungalows along the sand. 1,600,000 dong to 2,500,000 dong.
- Hung Lam Resort, ☎ (+84)333877888, e-mail: info@hunglamecotourism.vn. Two star resort a short walk from Son Hau beach with a restaurant, air conditioning and pier transfer. 600,000 dong to 1,600,000 dong.
Minh Chau village[edit]
- Binh Minh Guesthouse. On a corner on the edge of Minh Chau village still walkable to Minh Chau beach. 400,000 dong on high season weekends.
- Hoy Huang Guesthouse. Relatively new and large hotel with an on premise restaurant with a large menu. Food is in the over 100,000 dong range for most dishes. High season: 500,000 dong.
- Minh Chau Resort, ☎ 0919 091 468, e-mail: minhchauresort@gmail.com. Resort near the beautiful Minh Chau beach on the north end of the island. Air-conditioning is available from 13:00 pm to 15:30pm and from 21:30pm to 6:00am. Weekdays: 1,500,000 dong to 1,900,000 dong. Weekends: 1,800,000 dong to 2,200,000 dong. Holidays: 2,200,000 dong to 2,600,000 dong.
Connect[edit]
Telephone[edit]
There are multiple stores on the island selling Sim cards. All mobile carriers have cell and data service on the island.
Internet[edit]
Wifi internet is available at many of the restaurant/cafes of the older/bigger hotels.Dr. Jennifer Vannatta-Hall
Assistant Professor, Music Education
Jennifer Vannatta-Hall received a Bachelor of Music degree from Middle Tennessee State University in 1998. She taught pre-K through 8 general music and directed choirs in Rutherford County for two years. She then served as middle school choral director for the next three years in Franklin Special School District, where she conducted choirs and directed the drama program for 5th-8th graders. She also served as associate director of the Tennessee Choral Academy, conducting five choirs ranging in age from eight to eighteen.
After teaching in the public schools for five years, Vannatta-Hall returned to MTSU and graduated with a Master of Arts in Music Education in 2004. She was hired as full-time faculty for the MTSU School of Music for the 2004-2005 school year, where she taught music methods courses and conducted the MTSU Women's Chorale. She then completed her doctoral coursework in music education at the University of Illinois and graduated with a Doctor of Education degree in August 2010. She is certified through the master level of the Orff-Schulwerk approach to music education as well as the Smithsonian Institute's World Music Pedagogy. She also serves as secretary/treasurer of the Middle Tennessee Association for Kodály Educators (MTAKE).
Vannatta-Hall has conducted numerous choral festivals throughout middle Tennessee. Her research interests include music psychology, early childhood music teacher education, and problem-based learning. She also serves as Director of Music at First Christian Church in Shelbyville, TN. She and her husband Scott make their home in Murfreesboro with their son, Preston.Answer: HANSOM
HANSOM is a crossword puzzle answer that we have spotted 26 times.
Referring Clues:
- Central Park sight
- Taxi forerunner
- Two-wheeled covered carriage
- Cab's ancestor
- Horse-drawn vehicle rented in Central Park
- Early cab
- Horse-drawn cab
- Gaslight era sight
- Old-fashioned vehicle
- Kind of cab
- Cab type
- Victorian taxi
- Quaint carriage
- Victorian vehicle
- Old cab
- Bygone cab
- Carriage type
- Two-wheeled carriage
- Baker Street transport
- Horse-drawn cab
- Horse-drawn carriage
- Horse drawn cab
- Horsedrawn carriage
- Romantic, attractive-sounding conveyance
- Old-fashioned cab
- ____ cab
Last Seen In:
- USA Today - November 12, 2014
- Washington Post - February 24, 2014
- Universal - December 19, 2012
- King Syndicate - Eugene Sheffer - February 22, 2012
- Washington Post - February 05, 2012
- LA Times - April 03, 2011
- King Syndicate - Eugene Sheffer - February 24, 2011
- New York Times - December 03, 2010
- King Syndicate - Premier Sunday - September 12, 2010
- King Syndicate - Eugene Sheffer - September 10, 2010
- USA Today - September 09, 2010
- King Syndicate - Thomas Joseph - April 29, 2010
- King Syndicate - Eugene Sheffer - July 25, 2009
- King Syndicate - Thomas Joseph - June 18, 2009
- Netword - May 31, 2009
- New York Times - February 01, 2009
- Washington Post - December 18, 2008
- LA Times - August 18, 2008
- New York Times - February 03, 2008
- LA Times - September 30, 2006
Seen a clue for the answer hansom that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!Dennis Skulsky and Wally Buono have each agreed to contract extensions that will keep them with the Lions until the 2016 season. (CP)
If there was a need to send a message about stability at the top of the food chain with the B.C. Lions it would be hard pressed to beat the one served up Monday by owner David Braley.
Timed just nicely before the start of the 2013 home opener and a visit from his eastern CFL operation, the Toronto Argonauts, came word Monday night that both Lions president Dennis Skulsky and general manager Wally Buono have agreed to contract extensions keeping them through the 2016 season.
Both had made their intentions known and agreed upon some time ago and as such there is some symbolism attached to the announcement, but it was still hard to dispute the grasp of the obvious.
“It sends the right message that there’s continuity,” said Skulsky.
The only previous public discussion about the length of time either executive wanted to continue came when Buono, 63, said he would stay past the 2014 Grey Cup but no further. The GM was going into the final year of his deal and has dealt with enough other coaches whose lame-duck status wasn’t appealing to know questions would continue to be asked.
Not any more. And with four more years before he might be asked again, Buono said he’ll take his time but slowly look to add people to the organization who would be properly positioned to take over when he does decide to leave.
Then again, he might stay even longer.
“After three years you might say this is still fun,” he said. And for every day that remains the case, the Lions shall be eternally grateful to Calgary’s Michael Feterik, as without the mismanagement of the former Stampeders owner it is possible Buono would have never become available.!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
When he signed his school yearbook, he signed not only his name, but the names of all the characters he portrayed in school plays.
Andrew claims that he lacks feelings, but characters and events are lovingly—or obsessively—described.
Our show is more relatable and what makes shows like this work is that people live vicariously through the characters..hi my name is jacob kleckner im looking to get in touch with some good men in the hells lovers im in kansas city mo and i think yall would love it here google me if ya like they call me 38 special i got shot 3 times in the head and once in the back in a alleged home invasion in independence mo i aint hard i am humble i am what i eat and even pussy's can rumble lmao for real i think yall could do the community down here some good hit me up on face book i lost my password to my email linked with this one>> windows and front facing gables highlight the exterior of this traditional house plan.. This ranch home plan is functional and efficeint.
**NOTE: If you are planning to build this home plan in the state of New York, please contact The House Plan Shop for ordering information.**
Click to Enlarge
- Scott Powers, Reporter
The state of Illinois struggled mightily in the college basketball universe this season. Come March Madness, the state will be lucky to have more than one team in the NCAA or NIT tournaments.
For Chicago State, DePaul and UIC, this was expected. They were programs that hired new coaches before the season and are rebuilding.
For a majority of the other in-state programs, their struggles aren't as easy to explain. Northern Illinois coach Ricardo Patton, Southern Illinois' Chris Lowery, Bradley's Jim Les, Eastern Illinois' Mike Miller, Loyola's Jim Whitesell, Northwestern's Bill Carmody and Illinois' Bruce Weber have fewer legitimate excuses for their woes during the 2010-11 campaign, and blame has to fall on their shoulders.
Not that any of these coaches will be fired after this season, and some should be more worried than others, but all of them should be concerned at some level about their job security in the near future.
The following are listed by job security. Patton is the most likely to be replaced, and Weber is the least likely.
Northern Illinois coach Ricardo Patton, 4th season, 34-81 overall, 18-43 MAC
Case for: Patton doesn't have a whole lot going for him. There was a stretch last season when Northern Illinois won six a row and had an 8-8 record. Players have abandoned him and the program, which hasn't helped. Patton's biggest achievement was convincing Xavier Silas to come to Northern Illinois after transferring from Colorado. Silas has been one of the nation's leading scorers over the last two years.
Case against: The Huskies' record nor their recruiting has improved since Patton arrived, and there's no proof it'll get better if he's kept around. Northern Illinois might have actually been okay this season in a weak MAC if four of Patton's top players hadn't decided to leave the program. Sean Kowal, Jake Anderson, Mike DiNunno and Michael Fakuade departed after last season for a variety of reasons, including differences with Patton. This season has been rough for Northern Illinois. It is 8-19 overall and 4-10 in the MAC.
Job prospects:There has been speculation that it's already a done deal that Patton will be replaced after this season despite having one year left on his contract. The next coach would be Northern Illinois athletic director Jeff Compher's first men's basketball hire. Patton was hired by former AD Jim Phillips.
Southern Illinois coach Chris Lowery, 7th season, 136-92 overall, 72-54 Missouri Valley
Case for: It wasn't too long ago that Southern Illinois was one of the premier mid-major programs in the country under Lowery. From 2004 to '07, the Salukis compiled a 78-26 overall record and reached three NCAA tournaments, including a Sweet 16 run in 2007. Shortly after his three-year run, Lowery signed a seven-year extension at $750,000 per season. Lowery was on top of the college coaching world. He even recruited a top-30 nationally ranked class in 2008, which included Illinois Mr. Basketball Kevin Dillard.
Case against: Southern Illinois and Lowery have fallen fast and fallen hard. The Salukis haven't reached the NCAA tournament since 2007 and are about to endure their third consecutive losing season. Lowery had pushed the message that the current season would be Southern Illinois' return to prominence, but it's been nowhere near. Southern Illinois is 12-18 overall and 5-13 in an average Missouri Valley. Lowery also isn't bringing in the same talent as he was before and has been losing its past star recruits. All four players in Lowery's nationally ranked 2008 recruiting class are no longer in the program, and Lowery has been forced to grab more and more players from the junior college ranks.
Job prospects:There's a lot of pressure on Southern Illinois to replace Lowery. It doesn't appear he'll be able to right the ship. Money is the only reason why he may make it through another season at Southern Illinois. He will need to be bought out of the remaining three years of his contract.
Bradley coach Jim Les, 9th season, 153-139 overall, 74-84 Missouri Valley
Case for: Les was highly regarded not too long ago. He coached Bradley to a surprise run to the Sweet 16 during the 2005-'06 season and followed it up with a NIT appearance. Bradley has also been to two other postseason tournaments, the College Basketball Invitational and CollegeInsider.com tournament. The Braves have won 20-plus games in four of his nine seasons and have been competitive on the recruiting trail. Bradley was expected to be among the conference contenders this season, but took a major hit when it lost returning starters Taylor Brown (heart condition) and Sam Maniscalco (ankle) for the season in November.
Case against: Bradley hasn't been able to recapture the magic of 2005-06. Bradley has one of the strongest followings in the state, drawing 9,000-plus fans consistently for home games, and expectations haven't been met in the past few years. The Braves haven't reached the NCAA tournament since 2006 and have lost 15 or more games the past four seasons. Injuries did plague Bradley this season, but it still underachieved. Heading into this week's conference tournament, the Braves have gone 11-19 overall and finished last in the Missouri Valley with a 4-14 record. Les' teams also haven't fared well in the conference in his nine seasons. They've never finished better than fourth.
Job prospects:Fans are pushing for Bradley to remove Les after this season. He does have time remaining on his contract, and injuries did legitimately hold the Braves down this season, but there's a good chance he will be gone. If Les does survive the chopping block, it will be mandatory he succeeds next year.
Eastern Illinois coach Mike Miller, 6th season, 63-113 overall, 39-73 Ohio Valley
Case for: A year ago, Miller coached Eastern Illinois to 19 wins, the third most in the school's Div. I history. The Panthers also won eight consecutive games in February of last season and reached the conference tournament's semifinals. Eastern Illinois had a rocky season this year, but will have a number of its top players returning next season and could rebound.
Case against: The Panthers have had one winning season under Miller in six years. Coming off last year's stellar season, Eastern Illinois went 9-20 overall and 4-14 in the conference this season. Eastern Illinois has traditionally had difficultly winning on a regular basis, but it's hard to imagine Miller drastically improving after six seasons there.
Job prospects:Miller would need to be bought out of his contract. He was previously given a two-year extension that carries through the end of next season. He could very well be kept around for at least one more year.
Loyola coach Jim Whitesell, 7th season, 109-106 overall, 50-70 Horizon League
Case for: Whitesell has been Loyola's best coach since Gene Sullivan in the 1980's. Whitesell's 2006-07 team was the first to win 20 games since 1985. Loyola has also been competitive in all of Whitesell's seven seasons. This will be the seventh consecutive year Loyola will have 12 or more wins. Loyola has been strong out of the gates as well. The Ramblers opened last season with an 11-2 record, which was the program's best start since 1965-66, and this season with an 8-2 mark. They nearly upset Butler the past two years and had Kansas State on the ropes this season. He has also brought in a number of quality recruits from throughout the Midwest, especially Wisconsin.
Case against: There's a concern the Rambers' best days under Whitesell are behind them. This will be the first season the Ramblers are above .500 since 2006-2007, and they've scraped by to get there this season. They're 16-14 entering the Horizon League tournament. Loyola will endure its fourth consecutive season with a losing conference record. It has gone 24-48 in the Horizon League in the past four years. Whitesell has brought in some talented players in the Midwest, but he's failed in the Chicago area. Only two players on the current roster are from Illinois, and both Jon Gac (Mount Carmel) and Geoff McCammon (Conant) were projects coming out of high school.
Job prospects:Whitesell has at least one more season remaining on his contract. Loyola recently hired a new athletic director, M. Grace Calhoun, and she'll have to decide if it's better to start fresh or allow Whitesell another year.
Northwestern coach Bill Carmody, 11th season, 156-175 overall, 57-126 Big Ten
Case for: Carmody has elevated Northwestern's program to places it hasn't been before, and the Wildcats are no longer a running joke in the Big Ten. This season will be their fourth winning one under Carmody. A season ago, they won a school-record 20 games. They've also reached the NIT in consecutive seasons for the first time. Northwestern has been ranked and has beaten ranked teams. Carmody has also brought in a higher level of recruit and players from throughout the country. Even with Michael Thompson graduating after this season, Northwestern will return a bulk of its players, including leading scorer John Shurna, next season.
Case against: While Carmody has had success, he still has failed to get Northwestern to its first NCAA tournament. This was supposed to be the season Northwestern finally achieved that, but it won't happen now unless it wins the Big Ten tournament. Northwestern is currently 16-12 overall and 6-11 in conference. The Wildcats have also continued to struggle in the Big Ten. Their best conference record under Carmody was 8-8 in 2003-2004. The question is whether Carmody has reached his peak. It might also be unrealistic to expect more from any basketball coach at Northwestern. Unlike the football program, the basketball program has never proven it can consistently compete in the Big Ten.
Job prospects:Carmody signed a two-year extension before this season. It's unlikely athletic director Jim Phillips would buy him out so quickly, but it's not unheard of.
Illinois coach Bruce Weber, 8th season, 191-83, 82-52
Case for: Weber has won more than any of the state's coaches. He has coached Illinois to five NCAA tournaments in his previous seven seasons, and his team is on the verge of earning another NCAA tournament invitation this season. The Illini have been to the national championship game and to a Sweet 16. They've also been consistently near the top of the Big Ten. They've won 10 or more conference games in five of Weber's seasons. After struggling to recruit his first few years at Illinois, which was previously the biggest knock on him, Weber has turned that around. His last three classes have been ranked nationally, and he has convinced a lot of the state's top talent, especially McDonald's All-American Jereme Richmond, to stay home. He signed four players from Chicago in his Class of 2011.
Case against: Expectations are higher at Illinois than anywhere else in the state, and Weber's Illinois teams have failed to meet those expectations as of late. He is now six years removed from the national championship game. The Illini have been to one NCAA tournament in the past three seasons and will likely be on the bubble again this season. Illinois was thought to be a Big Ten contender and a threat in the NCAA tournament this year, but it has struggled much like it did last year and is currently 18-11 overall and 8-8 in the Big Ten. Illinois also has lost to in-state foes Bradley and UIC in the past two years. This year's recruiting class is nationally ranked, but out-of-state programs snatched up McDonald's All-Americans Wayne Blackshear (Louisville) and Anthony Davis (Kentucky).
Job prospects:Illinois athletic director Ron Guenther recently threw his support behind Weber. Unless Illinois makes the NCAA tournament and has some improbable run in it, next season will likely be a make-or-break one for Weber. He needs to have more than a so-so season.
Gauging job security for state coaches
Scott Powers gauges the job security for seven state coaches.Cornelius Cash Jr.
Position: Power Forward ▪ Shoots: Right
Height: 6-8 ▪ Weight: 215 lbs.
Born: March 3, 1952 in Macon, Mississippi
College: Bowling Green State University
Draft: Milwaukee Bucks, 2nd round (6th pick, 24th overall), 1975 NBA Draft
NBA Debut: October 22, 1976
May 29, 1975: Drafted by the Milwaukee Bucks in the 2nd round (24th pick) of the 1975 NBA Draft.
November 4, 1975: Waived by the Milwaukee Bucks.
July 6, 1976: Signed as a free agent with the Detroit Pistons.
November 5, 1976: Waived by the Detroit Pistons.We offer a wide selections of Athens day tours. If you arrive by cruise ship we can meet you at the port of Piraeus and offer you a private guided shore excursion of the highlights of Athens. Tour includes the Acropolis, the new Acropolis museum, stroll through the old section of Athens named "Plaka", enjoy lunch in a traditional taverna, and more. We also offer day and multi day tours of Athens and the sites of Olympia, Corinth, Delphi and the monasteries of Kalambaka. Select one of our tours or contact us to organize a customized tour to comply with your interests.
Walking Tours
Page: 1 of 1
Greek cuisine has a long tradition and its flavors change with the season and its geography. Have a taste of the rich flavors...
Price From: €44
Athens Guided Walking Tour
Including visit to the Acropolis
Price From: €38
Athens Walking City Tour
Including the Acropolis and the New Acropolis Museum
Price From: €36
Page: 1 of 1World Travel
Best bars, clubs, hotels and shows in Las Vegas, USA
- From: Escape
- July 21, 2013
Glittering Fremont Street. Picture: Getty Images. Source: Supplied
NIGHTLIFE IN LAS VEGAS
Sin City's hulking mega-resorts and casino hotels compete to lure you and your wallet inside with a dizzying array of larger-than-life shows, celebrity-filled clubs, cabarets, jukebox bars and cocktail lounges.
BARS
Fireside Lounge
When it's 4am, your feet hurt and you're in no mood for a glitzy bar, head to the Strip's most spellbinding hideaway. In Peppermill's Fireside Lounge, the swinging '70s never ended. Couples sip mai tais and martinis in the glow of neon lights and faux fireplaces.
2985 Las Vegas Blvd S; open 24 hours; cocktails from $8.
The Strip's spellbinding hideaway Fireside Lounge. Picture: Getty Images. Source: Supplied
Beauty Bar
Once you've dropped some serious cash on cocktails at the mega-resorts, head down to Fremont East to throw back a few beers at some downtown watering holes.
This buzzing enclave is dominated by the Beauty Bar, a '50s beauty salon that's been turned into a live music venue. DJs and bands (from punk to metal and glam rock) rotate nightly and the bar also hosts karaoke nights.
517 Fremont St; 9pm-2am, beers from $4.
The Chandelier
Dangling like a glimmering jewel in the centre of The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas is The Chandelier, a three-tiered cocktail bar that's draped with glass beads. Perched on a velvet love seat, you'll feel like you're sipping champagne inside a jewellery box.
The first level hosts DJs, the second specialises in cocktails (try the Fire Breathing Dragon with Thai chilli) and the third serves floral and fruit infusions.
3708 Las Vegas Blvd S; open 24 hours; cocktails from $10.
SHOWS
Cirque du Soleil's O
Cirque du Soleil is made for Vegas, where spectacle is the name of the game, and the aquatic O at Bellagio is the hottest ticket in town.
Aerial acrobatics, high dives and synchronised swimming create an electrifying atmosphere. If you can't get tickets, try Mystere, KA or the Beatles-themed LOVE
Bellagio, 3600 Las Vegas Blvd S; 7.30pm &10pm Wed-Sun; from $120.
Fremont Street Experience
Streaking down the centre of Vegas's historical Glitter Gulch gambling district, this pedestrian mall is lined with casinos and topped by a 450m-long canopy, which displays a six-minute light and sound show hourly. The shows are kitsch but mesmerising - and particularly exhilarating if you happen to be zooming by on the new Flightlinez zip line. Zip line from $15.
Jubilee!
See the feather and rhinestone head-dresses of old-school Vegas showgirls at Bally's Backstage Tour, then score tickets to Jubilee! to see the women in action. One of Vegas's long-running shows, more than 1000 costumes are worn during the extravaganza (surprising for a topless revue).
ballyslasvegas.com; 3645 Las Vegas Blvd S; 7.30pm &10.30pm, not Fri.; $55; tour $12 with a show ticket.
CLUBS
Tryst
Steve Wynn's signature hotel is home to Tryst: a decadent club. Situated on a faux lagoon under a waterfall, the cascade doesn't just make the place look cool - the mist literally cools you off after you've worked up a sweat. Try cocktails such as the 24k gold-sprinkled Menage a Trois.
Wynn, 3131 Las Vegas Blvd S; 10pm-4am Thu-Sat; cover charge from $20.
Moon &Rain
There's an unusual glow over the dance floors at the Palms' twin nightclubs. At futuristic Moon, the roof retracts, so you can dance to hip-hop, rock and pop while desert stars shine above. At Rain, high-end pyrotechnics mean you'll be dancing to beats by big-name DJs beneath blazing fireballs.
n9negroup.com; Palms Casino Resort, 4321 W Flamingo Rd; Moon Tue, Thu-Sat from 10.30pm, cover $14; Rain Sat from 10pm, cover $20.
XS
XS at Encore is the hottest club in Vegas - for now. Centred around a gorgeous pool, the indoor-outdoor layout gives the club an open feel that's welcome at 3am after too many shots of tequila. The world's best DJs are often on the turntables and the scene is upscale. Monday is the best night as the cover is cheap.
Encore, 3131 Las Vegas Blvd S; Fri.-Mon 10pm-4am; cover from $20.
XS nightclub at Encore Picture: Getty Images. Source: Supplied
LAS VEGAS ESSENTIALS
Transport
The easiest and cheapest way to get to your hotel is by airport shuttle ($8 to the Strip). Las Vegas is a great road trip destination, so you may want to fly to other US cities then hire a car. LA is a four -hour drive, San Diego five hours. To get around Sin City, it's worth noting the Strip is more than 6.5km long. Combine walking (the Strip has movable walkways and elevated crosswalks) with monorail, bus rides and the occasional taxi.
WHERE TO STAY
Relive the fabulous heyday of Vegas in the '50s at the Golden Nugget, a casino hotel that set the downtown benchmark for extravagance. Outside, a three-storey water slide plunges through a huge shark tank.
129 E Fremont St; from $65.
Unlike most Vegas hotels, the 4000-room Aria in CityCenter has no particular theme. It attracts a sophisticated clientele who come for the fine art collection and fantastic spa.
3730 Las Vegas Blvd S; from $150
Sin City's most luxurious address is the Encore. It has beautiful indoor flower gardens and standard rooms (suites) come with floor-to-ceiling windows and flat-screen TVs in the bathrooms.
3131 Las Vegas Blvd S; from $230.
FURTHER READING
Lonely Planet's Discover Las Vegas is an invaluable guide to the city.
Vegastripping.com has general information and links to award-winning blogs. For an instant insight into the city, read Neon Metropolis: How Las Vegas Started the Twenty-First Century by Hal Rothman. Also make sure to watch 2001's remake of Ocean's Eleven and listen to Elvis's catchy Viva Las Vegas.Treasure Coast book news Dec. 22
Most-circulated books
Indian River County
1. “Sycamore Row” by John Grisham
2. “The Hit” by David Baldacci
3. “The Racketeer” by John Grisham
4. “Never Go Back” by Lee Child
5. “Gone” by James Patterson
St. Lucie County
1. “Second Honeymoon” by James Patterson
2. “Mistress” by James Patterson
3. “The Heist” by Janet Evanovich
4. “Unintended Consequences” by Stuart Wood
5. “W is for Wasted” by Sue Grafton
Martin County
1. “Six Years” by Harlan Coben
2. “Loss of Innocence” by Richard North Patterson
3. “The October List” by Jeffery Deaver
4. “Silencing Eve” by Iris Johansen
5. “The Forgotten” by Cavan Scott
Happenings
Indian River County
Book Sale: The Friends of the Library Used Book Depot will hold its annual Christmas sale this week. All books in the fiction, mystery, biography and true-story sections priced from $3 to $13 will be half price. The Book Depot, 1670 14th Ave. in Vero Beach, is open 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Saturday. 772-562-0043.
St. Lucie County
Friday Matinee: “Last Holiday” (2006) with Queen Latifah, PG-13. 2 p.m. Friday. Fort Pierce Library, 101 Melody Lane, Fort Pierce. 772-462-2787;.
Martin County
CPR for Healthcare Providers: 9 a.m. Saturday. Market Square Shopping Center, 2351 S.W. Martin Highway, Palm City. Palm City, $37. Reservation: 772-785-5177; communityhealth certification.com.One Direction performed on Saturday Night Live yesterday, which marked the third year in a row that 1D has appeared on the show. The guys have fun in the “Girlfriends Talk Show” skit with Cecily Strong, Aidy Bryant and host Amy Adams. Can you say Dance Party? Check this out. When it came time to perform, they sang the ballad ...Read More »Don't Miss 'The Odd Couple' (Female Version)
Florida Southern College theater production of the female version of The Odd Couple L-R Brianna Hill as Olive Madison and Lacey Lites as Florence Unger in Lakeland Fl.ERNST PETERS/THE LEDGER
Published: Wednesday, November 14, 2012 at 10:00 p.m.
Last Modified: Wednesday, November 14, 2012 at 4:34 p.m.
"The Odd Couple: Female Version" is a tongue-in-cheek tale of mismatched roommates, Florence Ungar and Olive Madison. This is a spinoff of Neil Simon's classic. Play opens today in Lakeland.
WHEN: Show times are 7:30 p.m. Thursday through Saturday and 2:30 p.m. Sunday and then 7:30 p.m. Nov. 29-Dec. 1 and 2:30 p.m. Dec. 2. (Show goes on hiatus Thanksgiving week.)
LOCATION: Loca Lee Buckner Theater, Florida Southern College.
TICKETS: $18 for general audience, free for Florida Southern students, half off for other students.
CONTACT:, 680-4111.
— JENNIFER AUDETTE/The Ledger
Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.Sure, your iPad is a cool little device, but if the wood-paneled ’48 Chevy Fleetmaster taught us anything, it’s that all technology looks better with some natural grain. The Element Wood Series iPad case takes care of that, snapping onto your iPad and holding firm while you go about your business. Composed of natural walnut veneer bonded to a carbon fiber shell, the case is thin and light for an unobtrusive fit. The case works with both second and third generation iPads. Like what you see? Visit Element for a closer look, and head to Made Man’s Facebook page to win one in this week’s caption contest.
A column posted on Newsmax, a conservative news outlet, has been taken down. Apparently, there are some limits. The column doesn’t technically advocate for a “civilized” military coup to remove President Obama from office, it just suggests that such a move might be obligatory since soldiers take an oath to protect the institutions Obama is putting in jeopardy. The column admits “it’s not an ideal option.”
I believe in free speech and I don’t believe any sanctions should be taken against the author. But you can be damned sure that if this was a left wing writer calling for a military coup to remove Bush, the word “treason” would have been bandied on some websites – including Newsmax.
The author’s name is John Perry.
Talking Points Memo has the text of the column. Here’s a sample:
Military intervention is what Obama’s exponentially accelerating agenda for “fundamental change” toward a Marxist state is inviting upon America. A coup is not an ideal option, but Obama’s radical ideal is not acceptable or reversible.
Newsmax is a conservative site, but not fringe. I’ve never seen “mainstream” discourse take such low roads. Never. On today’s page, their columnist Glenn Beck is once again calling Obama a Nazi. Not on Newsmax, but also in the “mainstream” discourse, a conservative pol calls Obama the “enemy of humanity.”
Yes, left wing demonstrators said the similar things about Bush. But they were fringe, without significant influence in a major party. These people aren’t.
Addendum: And for good measure, the latest RNC fundraising letter compares Obama to Stalin and Kim Jong Il.
September 30, 2009 at 8:18 am
Dave Kirby
Newsmax is very much a fringe creation. The people behind it are of the same bent as American Spectator and other right wing nuts. I didn’t even know the were still around. And by the way you have enough time to read that crap? Why?
September 30, 2009 at 9:34 am
Eric Kirk
It’s a hobby. What can I say?
September 30, 2009 at 10:55 am
anon
truly pathetic
September 30, 2009 at 1:04 pm
Joe Blow
Eric,
I’m usually reluctant to comment on this blog, but …
The post by Eric is worthy because people actually believe this crap. Anyone that knows anything about the Nazi’s, their history and rise to power will tell you that the closest this country came to a Nazi/Fascist takeover was with the Bush Coup and what’s followed. President Obama’s complicity, and in many ways betrayal in following the Bush/Cheney – Republican policies is and should be extremely worrisome.
September 30, 2009 at 2:07 pm
milt
There’s this interesting book on America’s own home grown Nazi. Notice in the review that the American Nazi party was clearly extreme right wing and white power in origins. Hardly think Obama qualifies as either. But, it’s political pablum for the brain dead deather, teabagger and Fux gnus zombies, who now represent the mainstream Republican party, since no one in the latter is any too quick to denounced this stuff. That denouncement would entail having to own up to the fact that the Republican Party had it’s own Mariel boatlift problems when the lunatic asylums of right wing extremists were welcomed into its bosom with the Southern Strategy. That would make Nixon, and, especially, Reagan, repo Jimmy Carters – except that Carter didn’t know that Fidel was emptying out his prisons and asylums. Nixon and Reagan knew exactly who they wanted in their party.
September 30, 2009 at 2:13 pm
milt
Missing book link for above .
September 30, 2009 at 3:37 pm
anon
YOUR ALL NUTZ..ALL OF YAZ
September 30, 2009 at 6:25 pm
Thin Lizzy
It’s nothing worse than gets spewed forth from that vomit bag Keith Olbermann every night..Such righteous indignation…
October 1, 2009 at 6:52 am
milt
You and your comment are lookin’ way too thin. Go eat some brains, zombie.
October 1, 2009 at 8:40 am
Eric Kirk
Has Olbermann called for the violent overthrow of the US government? I don’t remember that.
October 2, 2009 at 7:00 am
Dave Kirby
Here’s a related article
October 2, 2009 at 8:19 am
milt
Brooks will be apologizing to Limbaugh before the day is through.5573HcG day of miscarriage. 6days later 17,000HcG. What is going on?
I think the only way to know for sure is an ultrasound. Bc I think there's something where your level are way too high but it's not a viable pregnancy or it can be an ectopic? I'm not exactly sure. But then again, some women bleed and some heavily- some kind of hemorrhage and go on having a full term pregnancy ... then some who go back and see the baby, so it can be various things ... GL
*married my rock 08.20.2011*Me (30) DH (30)TTC#1
2 mc @ 4wks/ 1mc @ 7.5wks 1/12- EP 6/13 lost right tube
6.23.14 my rainbow: Ava Marie
Another potential is a molar pregnancy. I just went through one and the tissues that grow cause your hcg levels to go up, even after a misscarriage if there is any tissue remaining. Definitely get another ultrasound, that's the only way to know for sure. Good luck!!
Me (33) DH (35) married 6/12
mmc 9/12 (12 weeks) honeymoon baby, pmp 1/13 (8 weeks)
Beautiful rainbow baby girl 8/15/14
Marie ~ Missing my baby girl, Sadie Jane - born still at 37 weeks. PLEASE listen to her song:
Ashley, 26 Henry, 33
(Angel BABY Abby born @ 37wks on 10/15/12 - 10/17/12) Saddest days of our lives Our FOREVER baby
Expecting Our RAINBOW 10/05/2015!
What's on your mind?
Last week I crossed off a work-related blog that I'd been meaning to write for a while. It demonstrated how to recreate data binning for point datasets using hexagons in ArcGIS. It's not a new technique but the fact that I told people how to do it in a particular environment has caused some discomfort given the tweets I've had fired at me today.
It doesn't take very long to do a quick search online to find examples of the use of hexagons in cartography. Sherif Amer used them for investigating service planning and Danny Dorling used them as a form of cartogram in a range of studies including his analysis of poverty, wealth and place in Britain 1968-2005. Dorling's own work on area cartograms is well known and gives the basis for hexagonal tesselations of space though Waldo Tobler, of course, proposed hexagons as a transformation useful for districting in 1973. Nicholas Lewin-Koh provides a good overview of the technique whose purpose is simply to tesselate space into an aesthetically pleasing grid of polygons of equal size in which to represent some other dataset as a spatial histogram. It's become a reasonably popular technique. Zach Johnston did a good job illustrating the technique at indiemaps.com and provided code to allow others to replicate should they wish. There is also a really nice blog by Nate Smith at MapBox.com on their efforts with this technique that describes the technique for QGIS and Tilemill.
Now here's the thing...I don't subscribe to the view that a concept or a technique is the unique preserve of one person or one approach. I like what others have done. I also like that you can do it in ArcGIS but until now no-one had explained the relatively simple process. My job is to provide people with help to enable them to make good maps. How they go about it and what they prefer to use is their choice but by giving people options it supports better cartography more generally. I have no association with the technique (other than knowing Professor Dorling and having met Professor Tobler); no more than any other established cartographic technique I employ or I use. The blog I wrote doesn't imply ownership. It's not a paleo/neo thing...in fact, those who have read my Editorials in The Cartographic Journal over the last 6 years will know where I stand on that distinction.
There's room for us all...whether we largely use proprietary software or open source or whether we come from a computer science background or a cartographic background. We all have space to learn from each other and being united in showing people how to make better maps is really what makes me tick..What: We run bungee jump & rope swing adventures in Northern California.
Objects: We jump off bridges, giant trees, and overhanging cliffs in remote and beautiful mountainous areas.
When: We jump every weekend (year-round).
Where: Our primary jump locations are in the Sierra Nevada Mountains between San Francisco, Lake Tahoe and Yosemite National Park.
Heights: From 100 ft. to 1500 ft.
Costs: Start at $99 for a bridge and go to $399 for a rock (worlds highest commercial bungee jump)!
.JoEllen Anderson, Lecturer
Ethnic Studies Department, Native American Studies
Office: 540 Barrows
EducationPh.D., Sociology, Stanford University
A.M., Sociology, Stanford University
B.S., Sociology, Oregon State University
Research interestsTribal Histories, Native American Film & Literature, Contemporary Native Americans, Sociology of Culture
Courses
Native Americans in North America to 1900 (NAS 71)
Native Americans in North America 1900-Present (NAS 72)
Native American Tribal Governments (NAS 101)
Theories & Methods in Native American Studies (NAS 110)
Topics in Arts: Native American Women’s Literature & Culture (NAS 120)
Making History/Making Indians (NAS 145)
Gender in Native American Societies (NAS 149)
Native American Literature (NAS 152)
Native Americans and the Cinema (NAS 158)
History of Native Americans in California (NAS 175)
History of Native Americans in the Southwest (NAS 176)
Topics in History: History of Native American Education (NAS 178)
American Society (Sociology 180)
Race & Ethnic Relations (Sociology 132)
Sociology of Education (Sociology 113)
Courses in 2010-2011
Fall: Native Americans in North American to 1900 (NAS 71)
Native Americans and the Cinema (NAS 158)
History of Native Americans in California (NAS 175)
Spring: Native Americans in North America 1900-Present (NAS 72)
Making History/Making Indians (NAS 145)
History of Native Americans in the Southwest (NAS 176)
Selected publications
"Perceptions of Western Films Among American Indians and Anglos." American Sociological Review 57:725-734, 1992.
"Ft. Peck Indian Reservation." CALYX: A Journal of Art & Literature by Women, Corvallis, OR: CALYX, Spring 1984.
Honors & AwardsOutstanding
Graduate Student Awards Fellowship, Stanford University
Association of American Indian Affairs Award
Oregon Professional Women's Scholarship
E.E. Wilson Scholarship, Oregon State UniversityI've just comitted a new version of the lvm2create_initrd script to my SVN repository: This version adds support for different MAKEDEV invocations, settable via a command-line switch (and env var too). I've also added a manpage for the script with some usage notes as well. I'm particularly interested in having someone with a RedHat or Fedora machine test this out, as I don't have one to test this on. Also I'd be happy to add support for other versions of MAKEDEV as well, if other distribs programs take different options. Thanks! -- Jeff Layton <jtlayton poochiereds net>Does this J.C. Penney tea kettle look like Hitler?Tue May 28, 2013
I think Ms. Farrow has seen a lot of ink blots in her time. I had to look for a few seconds or so to see her interpretation. Her comment is really stupid and you can tell Penney's thinks so too.
'American Idol' reveals its top 2 with a shocking eliminationThu May 9, 2013
Toy model of Jabba The Hutt's palace resembles a mosque, group saysMon Apr 1, 2013
Under fire, Komen CEO denies politics in Planned Parenthood cutsThu Feb 2, 2012
Wendy's about to unseat Burger KingWed Dec 21, 2011
Headline goes right hereThu Oct 20, 2011
Cain's 9-9-9 tax plan is simple: Most will simply pay moreThu Oct 13, 2011
Live vote: Should Christie run?Tue Sep 27, 2011
Madonna 'loathes hydrangeas,' disses fan's giftWed Sep 7, 2011
GOP may OK tax increase that Obama hopes to blockSun Aug 21, 2011Every year since the iPhone came out rival handset makers have tried to offer a smartphone that will be able to take on Apple’s baby. Over the years there have been one or two handsets that came close; but nothing has taken its throne. The upcoming MWC 2011 will offer us an insight into what new cell phones will be up for grabs this year – but how will they compare to the rumored iPhone 5?
Nothing is known about the fifth-generation iPhone just yet – just speculation – but we do know that Apple will not make the same mistakes at it did with the current model. Unbeatable believes that Apple will have some tough competition this year, as there are a number of handsets coming to the market with a number of upgraded features.
Looking over some of these features they include dual-core processor, Android 2.3, 4G/LTE technology and much more. So what handsets come top of the list to take on the iPhone 5 in 2011?
The smartphones are as follows:
- Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc
- LG Optimus 2X
- Motorola ATRIX 4G
- HTC Thunderbolt
- Samsung Infuse 4G
- LG Optimus Black
- BlackBerry Torch 2
These are just 7 new handsets that could do very well, but one or two models could have a hard time competing with Apple’s smartphone. We do not think for one moment that the BlackBerry Torch 2 has what it takes; this first model was not that great and we have seen with the Storm 2 that RIM never offers any groundbreaking leaps from the first to the second-generation.
Now the Motorola ATRIX 4G and the HTC Thunderbolt is a different story, as both brands know how to produce good phones that are worthy of an all-out brawl with the iPhone.
There is one other handset that needs a mention – well multiple really – the new Samsung Galaxy S2 range, which should be released on most carriers, just like the current S model. More details on this handset can be seen in one of our recent posts here.
So what handset do you think will be able to take on the upcoming iPhone 5?
Also See: If your iPhone X keeps restarting, here’s how to fix itLower Air Currents Small 302×320 Medium 603×640 Large 966×1024 Download Tiff Original 2263×2400 | (263.2 KB) Description "General hemispherical direction of horizontal (lower) air currents." -Waldo, 1896 Keywords air motions, air movement, horizontal air currents, lower air currents Galleries Meteorology Source: Frank Waldo Elementary Meteorology (New York, NY: American Book Company, 1896) Courtesy the private collection of Roy WinkelmanDavid Camm appeared in court Friday as both sides prepare for his third trial.
No email address was supplied by
.
To complete your registration on this site, please supply an address.
Please confirm or modify the email address to which you will have subscription offers sent.
For a more personalized experience, please supply the following optional information.Speeches
Justice Judith Ann Lanzinger
University of Toledo College of Law Commencement Remarks
May 9, 2010
Members of the Board of Trustees, Dean Ray, honorees, faculty and staff, families and guests ... and most of all, graduates of the University of Toledo College of Law Class of 2010.
I am so pleased to be here with you this afternoon on this special day. (All the mothers present, whether graduates themselves, or mothers or grandmothers of graduates, can take a double amount of pride since today is also Mothers’ Day.
We’re here to celebrate! As an alumna, along with every one of the faculty and administrators of the University of Toledo College of Law who assisted you to this point, I welcome you to the ranks of the alumni.
This commencement day begins an exciting time for you. We all congratulate you on your accomplishment. These days, no one takes earning a juris doctor degree for granted.
All of us are aware that the bar exam looms as a final hurdle for those intending to actively practice law. Everyone you have invited to be with you today, who will bear these future burdens with you, deserve to share this breathing space — so, please, do celebrate.
As you receive your law degree I’d like you to think how important the rule of law is to our great country. On the first day of this month of May, we celebrated Law Day.
Each year, the American Bar Association announces a new theme, and the theme chosen for 2010 was “Law in the 21st Century: Enduring Traditions, Emerging Challenges," or in other words, what will remain and what must change?
I certainly couldn’t have predicted the changes in law school since 1977, when I graduated. In those “olden days” not everyone had a quill pen mentality — meaning a hide-bound approach to traditional law — but in our wildest dreams we didn’t see public figures on Facebook or YouTube, we didn’t expect to hear about tweeting jurors or ever imagine that inedible Blackberries would exist someday.
Then, (the last century back in ’77) we were actually writing our notes in longhand and were shepherding book by book. We had courses in admiralty, not environmental protection; courses in commercial paper, not in Internet law. Clinics were a new idea. We did our social networking at parties and other gatherings—but we always did it face to face.
Sitting here today, can you imagine what the law and the legal profession will be like in 2040, 30 years from now? Can you imagine what it should be like? Unfortunately, although then does link to now and now links to what will come, clarity arrives only in hindsight.
President Lincoln has said:
"There are no accidents in my philosophy. Every effect must have its cause. The past is the cause of the present, and the present will be the cause of the future. All these are links in the endless chain stretching from the finite to the infinite."
The problems of today will be solved by us together; but problems of the distant future—will be solved by you alone, as the new generation. You will hear the questions, and you will be expected to answer.
What you must do is retain your imagination and enthusiasm to meet the unknown as it develops. We pray that you retain civility as you cope. As our recently departed and dearly beloved Chief Justice Thomas J. Moyer has explained his view of civility this way:
.
“Civility requires respect—respect for ideas, respect for persons, and respect for the institutions that have held together our nation in times of revolution, civil war, and economic uncertainties.
“Civility requires no operator’s manual, no updates to download, no complicated set of rules. It is simple; it is easy; and it produces positive and constructive human interaction.”
As lawyers, civility ought to be our stock in trade. In difficult economic times it may be difficult to keep this virtue in mind.
Believe me, we know that these are difficult times, especially for you as new lawyers.
When business slows during a typical downturn, it's not unusual for factory workers, clerks and middle managers to get pink slips. But the current recession has struck lawyers too. And as the new generation you may feel the effect disproportionately.
Some of you might have to delay the start of your dream careers. You may have to settle temporarily for an alternate form of practice. But this may not be so bad. Most seasoned attorneys have taken detours along the way.
I myself zigzagged before reaching the Supreme Court—from practice as an in-house corporation lawyer, next, to a large law firm and then onto the judiciary stepping from the municipal, to the common pleas and then the appellate courts. The Supreme Court is my perfect legal job.
But the perfect opportunity that satisfies your expectations might not present itself to you initially. Let me urge you to stay hopeful and seize your chances, and recognize them for what they are. They might not first appear exactly as you expect them to.
For example, you may initially have more time to devote to pro bono cases or to community service and then find that these challenges lead to full time employment. Providing legal access to the poor will be an obligation that calls on you throughout your career because it comes with the profession, and we urge you to do your part.
In any event, in the hard times be comforted by the fact that no one can take your law degree from you. It was hard won and it is worth treasuring.
The degree may open doors for you, but make sure it doesn’t close doors against those you love — for they are the most important people in your lives. The J.D. should not make you less human or isolated from friends and family. Strive for a psychological balance between your professional and personal selves. Try to remember that your work is not who you are. unlikable or difficult, or whose positions are not publicly favored. It takes special courage to handle cases that others won’t touch.
Once you've passed the bar, your first paying client will walk through the door, or your first real case will be dropped onto your laptop. These cases will often reveal those suffering difficult times: injured people seeking redress; distraught parents trying to keep custody of their children; business owners and consumers seeking benefit of their bargains; criminal defendants facing indictments.
Your clients, in seeking your help, will actually be entrusting you with their lives. So listen carefully to their stories and respond to their needs. Represent them zealously and champion their causes. You are their voice.
In trying to understand your clients and what they need, remain loyal and respect their confidences. Most important, always behave. I could catalogue many attributes of a great lawyer: intelligence, persuasiveness, creativity in using precedent, among them.
One of the truest measures of excellence doesn’t relate to objective mastery of facts or law, but how a lawyer treats his or her clients. Treating them with respect, compassion and humanity will ensure a long legal career.
We don’t have crystal balls among us today to predict your successes. You may never recover a million dollar verdict or be elected to public office. You may never win a murder trial or become president of the Bar Association.
On the other hand, you just may. The number of awards doesn’t matter— you will be a success if you contribute to the welfare of your clients, to the peace and prosperity of your community, to the common good of your city, state and nation.
I’ll conclude by wishing you all great personal success. Congratulations to you, class of 2010, and to your family and friends. To the graduates, my very best wishes for long and happy professional lives. Thank you.Make plain nails look extraordinary in this stylish nail art game. Paint and decorate these hands with a whole bunch of out-of-this-world polishes, body art and jewelry. To apply nail polish, select one of the three bottles along the lower right hand side of the game screen. Each bottle will open a different selection of polishes. Click to select a polish, then click a nail to apply.
Surfnetkids » Games » Dress Up Games » Makeover » Galactic Nail ArtBo context.
His doctor said the big-game-week excitement could have contributed to Schembechler’s death of heart failure Friday morning in a Detroit TV studio.
I prefer the poetic take in an e-mail from my friend Christine Brennan, the USA Today columnist who grew up a Michigan fan:
This is Bo’s ultimate final act: fire up Michigan to an emotional level perhaps never seen in the UM-OSU series.
If you’re following the Schembechler news, you’re hearing a lot of references to the onset his heart problems, a heart attack in Pasadena hours before his first Rose Bowl game in 1970.
What must that have been like?
The Daily News had a look back at that incident in an article three years ago by Walter Hammerwold:
The 1970 Rose Bowl was supposed to be the crowning achievement in a young coach’s brief career. Bo Schembechler, in his first year at the helm, had led Michigan to an 8-2 record and a Big Ten Conference title. But while his players took opening warmups on the Rose Bowl field, Schembechler lay in a hospital bed, the victim of a heart attack.
“The press didn’t know until halftime what had happened,” said Michigan team physician Dr. Gerald O’Connor, who made the initial diagnosis. “But the press noticed when he wasn’t out for the pregame warmups, and I could hear one of the Detroit writers yelling down at me from the press box, ‘Where’s Bo? Where’s Bo?’ ”
The Michigan players knew what had happened, but by the time they took the field the diagnosis was somewhat preliminary. None of the players knew the severity of the coach’s condition.Perhaps because of Schembechler’s absence, the Wolverines played a half-hearted game and lost to USC 10-3.
“It had to weigh on them,” O’Connor said. “It weighed on us all.”
(Schembechler) made a complete recovery from the heart attack he suffered at a Pasadena monastery where he was spending the night before the game. He returned to the Rose Bowl nine more times to set the record for most appearances by a head coach.
Schembechler announced his retirement before the 1990 Rose Bowl game against USC, and true to his cantankerous image he went out screaming about a critical holding penalty, as related in the next morning’s Daily News by Ron Rapoport:
“That was the most ridiculous call I’ve ever seen,” he said of line judge Charles Czubin’s holding call on Michigan linebacker Bobby Abrams. ”It’s an absolutely basic call. The official said he was blocking below the waist, then he went to the referee and said he was holding.”
Schembechler said he would apologize if films showed Abrams had indeed been guilty but he also noted, “One thing I won’t miss in retirement is incompetent officials.”
Asked who made the call against Abrams, he said, “The most incompetent one.”
Did he know if the offending official was from the Pac-10?
“I do know that and it happens every time,” he said. “We need a neutral crew for a game like this. Of course, the worst call ever (the ruling that USC’s Charles White hadn’t fumbled before scoring the winning touchdown in 1979) was made by a Big 10 official. But this one ranks.”
In expressing his outrage, Schembechler compounded Michigan’s problem by flinging down his clipboard and running onto the field, almost tripping over his phone cord in the process. For this, he was assessed a 15-yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty that moved the ball back to the Michigan 21 and after the ensuing punt USC marched to its game-winning touchdown.
Schembechler had a sense of humor, as he showed at is 1993 Rose Bowl Hall of Fame induction, covered by Paola Boivin noted in the Daily News:
(Schembechler) was remembered by master of ceremonies Curt Gowdy for his record number of appearances at the game.
“I’m glad that Curt recognized that the 10 times I was out here was more than any other coach in history,” he said, “and glad he failed to mention my record. . . . This place has been good and bad to me.”
Schembechler’s teams were 2-8 in Rose Bowl games.
There are coaches who are bigger than the games. Schembechler’s Ohio State coaching rival Woody Hayes was one, Schembechler’s USC coaching rival John McKay was one, and Schembechler is one. The proof will be felt Saturday when a game between the No. 1 Buckeyes and No. 2 Wolverines is played in the shadow of his death.
I love your site.
If you only have one day in a traditional girl very often. However, once they marry and have children, sometimes the ritual is set in the background. But Replica Knockoff Handbags would be better to have a break in the layers and the tasks the night with a girl? Enjoy a break and relax from time to time. But if youre single and find me a little trouble with the girls or just a break from her husband and children, games are a great way to spice up the night. You can drink one night and dance to a new level. However, remember what happened in the evening, the girls remain outside the daughter of the night!
Ain’t the initial commenter speaking the real truth or what??
Love the blog here. Nice colors. I am definitely staying tuned to this one. Hope to see more.
Nicely said.
The large bag Gucci Babouska Boston is certainly a multi-round packages with interesting features. Its nice for fans who prefer to pack a bag to accommodate sensitive to all types of teams still seem to have the package, and also for those who have the privilege of style. So if you are looking for Gucci Best Replicas Handbags better, they are the best choose in terms of size and looks, then to be the case.
I am super glad after I discovered this webpage!
Interesting thoughts here. I appreciate you taking the time to share them with us all. It’s people like you that make my day
howdy-do, grand blog on unctuous loss. such a person helped.
Thankyou for this post, I am a big fan of this internet site would like to go on updated.Dear Applicant,
The Department of Residence Life is proud to announce its student life paraprofessional staff selection process for spring 2015. While our process is both extensive and comprehensive, our hope is not only to hire staff, but also allow you to grow and learn as an individual.
By completing this application, you are showing an interest in becoming more involved in our university community through one of the numerous opportunities offered to our students.
APPLICATION
Please read and answer each question carefully on the application confining your answers to the space provided. Please type in your answers, being aware of grammar and spelling. Once you have completed your application, review it for errors. When you are satisfied, print it out and sign it.
Very important note about the application - You can type directly into the application but cannot save your work and come back to it later. We need it to be typed so you can do one of two things:
- Do the application all at once and print it after you are done.
- Write out your answers on a Word document first. We suggest you do it this way because you can save as you go along and/or can work on it over a few days and be able to save. When you finish answering all the questions on the Word document, you can then cut and paste your answers into the proper places on the application and print it out.
Please include a copy of your unofficial transcript along with your application. Unofficial Transcripts can be found on the Student Services tab of my.newpaltz.edu.
Bring the completed application and transcript to the Department of Residence Life located in Capen Hall. Applications are due by noon TUESDAY, Feb. 17.
Late applications will NOT be accepted.
Download the RA Application
REFERENCE/RECOMMENDATION FORMS
You will also need to submit a reference form from an RD and two from other people. Hard copies can be obtained at the Office of Residence Life.
These reference forms are a very important support of your candidacy. There are two types:
- RD reference form - You must have a resident director complete one of these. It does not necessarily have to be your current RD. If you lived in a different building last semester or last year and your old RD knows you better, you can have that person do it.
- General reference forms - You must also have two other people complete general Reference Forms. Please choose carefully who you ask to complete them. The two general reference forms can be completed by any combination of faculty, professional staff members (if you transferred into NP you can use people from your previous college), high school teachers, guidance counselors, etc., and/or a current and past employers. Do NOT use family or friends. While close friends and relatives may know you well, they do not provide the most objective input on your strengths and weaknesses and should not be used as references.
Please be sure to sign and check the box under Family Educational Right and Privacy Act. Reference forms must be submitted to the Residence Life Office by 4 p.m. FRIDAY, Feb. 20.
Download the RD Reference Form (Print One)
Download the General Reference Form (Print Two)
If you have any questions concerning the application and/or selection process, please do not hesitate to contact any member of the Residence Life staff, or contact us via email at leadershipteam@newpaltz.edu. We wish you the best throughout the process and thank you for your interest.
Sincerely,
The Leadership Development TeamAbout Fifteen's 5K
Glen Perkins is a husband, father, and a relief pitcher for the Minnesota Twins. He married his college sweetheart, Alisha, in 2005, and the couple was.
Finish: Target Field Home Plate
Registration: Registration fee: $57.50 plus processing fees (A portion of the proceeds benefit the CF Foundation)
Volunteer for Team CF
The success of Team CF depends on the wonderful volunteers who help the day of the event as well as throughout the year.Become a Volunteer
Team CF Goal: $30,000.00
Raised: $0.00Donate Now
Team CF Details
Date: August 2, 2015
Check-in:
Start Time: 8:00 AM
Number of Steps: 5k
Location: 1120 South 2nd Street,
Minneapolis, MN
Print Team CF Details MapJACKSON – Late Monday night, House Speaker Billy McCoy, D-Rienzi, announced that an agreement had been reached on funding for Medicaid that if passed today would fund the agency for the fiscal year beginning Wednesday.
An agreement for Medicaid — which provides health care for about 600,000 elderly, disabled and poor, pregnant women and children — is the primary issue left to be dealt with during the current special session, called by Gov. Haley Barbour, to try to reach an agreement on the state budget before Wednesday.
About 11:05 p.m. Monday, McCoy announced from the House floor that an agreement had been reached and that Barbour would include the issue in the special session agenda.
“We will be ready to go on it in the morning,” McCoy said before adjourning the House after what was a long Monday.
For the second day in a row, the Legislature worked until near midnight to beat the clock and pass a budget to prevent the possible shutdown of much of state government.
The $2.5-billion budget to fund public education was among the dozens of appropriations bills passed Monday.
For more on this story, see Tuesday’s Daily Journal.
Bobby Harrison, Daily Journal Jackson BureauWhat to do with Serrano Ham
I.
My preference is always to eat it on its own, as you'd get it in a Spanish tapas bar - particularly if its the really good stuff.
For a classic hot tapa, fry shreds of the ham with broad beans.
If figs aren't good where you are, how about melon or very ripe pears?
And this clam dish seems very Iberian -...
Or, for a snack, how about a classic Mallorcan "pa amb oli" - toast some good bread, rub it with cut garlic, then squidge some tomato onto it and drizzle with your best olive oil and sprinkle with salt. This is fab just as it is but is also pretty good draped with the ham (in which case I owuldnt have slated the mix). 34 years and have two married children and three grandchildren.
©
2015Nashville Limo service Broadway Limousine provides VIP luxury limousine transportation for airport transfers and special events. Online reservations. We offer an on time guarantee 24/7
Our fleet includes : Lincoln Black 10 passenger, Lincoln White Lincoln 12 passenger Town cars. These cars are great for weddings, night outs, concerts, day trips, proms and more! We also offer our BMW Black 745Li sedan. This vehicle is the ultimate in style and class. A great car for clients to be picked up in at the airport, corporate clients to use for the day, airport transfers, anniversaries, Proms, & more
Yes its a fact - you can get away with it though. The bulbs will flicker when full on, so turn them down a notch or two to settle them. Be warned though the energy bulbs will only last a couple of months with daily use.
Yes fine with halogen bulbs.
This is true with the normal bog standard energy saving bulbs BUT you can now buy energy saving dimmable bulbs which DO work. They aren't cheap though (look for Fleabay for best prices) - search dimmable energy saving bulb...Got a minute?
Got a minute?
At Jacobs, we help prepare people for new opportunities and challenges. Jacobs is one of the world’s largest and most diverse Fortune 500 providers of... - Indeed
Thanks! We'll send you a welcome newsletter as soon as we can.
In the meantime, check out our research center.
Looks like your email already exists in our database.
Please log in here.
You are already logged in.Product Description
So begins The Horseshoe Curve: Sabotage and Subversion in the Railroad City, Dennis P. McIlnay’s thrilling tale of three inter-connected, but little-known, events in American History. From the Nazi plot to destroy the Curve during World War II, to the human andd organizational drama of founding the PRR and the building of the Horseshoe Curve. Part spy story and part-historical epic, The Horseshoe Curve seamlessly blends information from 300 sources, including diaries, biographies, histories, military records, engineering studies, company documents, court briefs, and FBI files acquired through the Freedom of Information Act to tell the riveting story of these three compelling events. Paperback Edition
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Andy Carroll is worse than my grandson says Polish legend
Zbigniew Boniek mocks West Ham man as Gerrard defends desire of England's youngsters
ANDY CARROLL has been mocked by Polish football legend Zbigniew Boniek on the eve of tonight's England World Cup qualifier against Poland in Warsaw.
The attacking midfielder who won 80 caps for his country in the 1970s and 80s said his eight-year-old grandson was a better player than the giant striker, currently on loan from Liverpool at West Ham.
"My grandson Mateo moves better on the pitch than Andy Carroll," declared the former Juventus and Roma star. "Mateo is very good at golf and tennis. He has better co-ordination."
Carroll is the most expensive English footballer ever after he moved from Newcastle to Liverpool for £35m in January 2011. However, the injury-prone striker failed to make much of an impact at Anfield and was sent out on loan by new Reds manager Brendan Rodgers.
The Daily Mail seems unimpressed by the comments. "Boniek is lauded as one of Poland's best-ever players and is set to become the president of the Polish FA. But his sly dig could backfire if Carroll finds the net against his country in Tuesday's Group H encounter."
Meanwhile, returning England skipper Steven Gerrard has taken issue with comments made by French legend Patrick Vieira last week, who suggested young players did not "dream" of representing England and were not proud enough of their country.
"I know the young players are hungry," said Gerrard. But he also warned against expecting too much from them. "It's important not to get carried away, " he said. "But there's talent there to give us real optimism for the future."
Roy Hodgson will probably be more concerned about the state of the pitch, which as The Daily Telegraph reports cut up badly during Poland's match against South Africa at the weekend, than the pre-match war of words.Compass North America is a division of London-based Compass Group PLC. It accounted for 44% of the parent company's revenues in fiscal 2010, the same as in 2009, and expanded 5.8% organically. Meanwhile, operating profit grew 11% on a constant currency basis (the parent company reports in British pounds).
B&I remains the largest U.S. business segment but dropped significantly from 37% to 29% of the total as Education (encompass both college and K-12), Recreation and minor segments like defense and offshore/remote expanded, while Healthcare remained steady at 26% of the business. The B&I business did have some major contract wins such as the Gates Foundation's new campus site, Amazon and Sun Microsystems. New Healthcare accounts include the Northeast Health System and HCA in Florida, while the Education business has added the Adams County (CO) School District, Rochester (NY) Community Schools, Andrews University and, most recently, Beverly Hills (CA) Schools. Compass' fast-growing recreation business, spearheaded by its Levy unit, has picked up the Boston Convention/Exhibition Center, the John B. Hynes Veterans Memorial Convention center, the Amway Center in Orlando and the Xcel Energy Center in Minnesota.
The acquisition of Southeast Service Corp., a major support services provider, has bolstered Compass' nonfoods offerings across all major segments. Other recent deals include Coffee Distributing Corp. and BW HLS Holdings, a laundry services provider. The company says it will focus on OCS and expanding support services in the coming years and these deals seem to reflect that goal.
One major new concept rolled out by Compass is Whole + Sum, which offers customizable meals with 600 or fewer calories. More recently, it launched Carbon FOODprint, a web-based toolkit that helps users reduce their carbon expenditures.
Among the individual operating units, Restaurant Associates is developing Global Street Foods with celebrity chef Marcus Samuelsson, and launching a wine and spirits consulting service. Chartwells introduced Chefs 2 School, which has guest chefs “adopting” local school districts, while Canteen's 2bU all-natural vending machine program encompasses local, organic, vegan, gluten-free and kosher offerings.
Compass made an addition to its leadership team when it appointed a new CFO, Adrian Meredith, last fall.
Headquaters
CHARLOTTE, NC
Websites
compass-usa.com
Major Segments Served:
B&I (29%), Healthcare (26%), Education (24%), Recreation (14%), Other (7%)
No. of Contracts
2010: 12,740
2009: 8,686
Sales Volume
2010: $9,900
2009: $9,100Maybach Dealer Burns FlatModify Search
Dealers in Nearby Cities
View thousands of cars, trucks, and SUVs for sale online from Burns Flat Maybach dealers. Sort automobile listings a couple of different ways. Group the vehicles by their MSRP price, MPG numbers, year, manufacturer, or location. Find Maybach dealers in Burns Flat with ease. Purchasing a vehicle is quite a large investment. A prudent shopper will conduct some thorough investigation. Browse the inventory of cars for sale at Burns Flat Maybach dealers.
With the resources available on the web; the majority of consumers begin their search online. To go out and visit a Maybach dealer Burns Flat represents quite an investment in time. Rather; see the entire vehicle inventories of Maybach dealers in Burns Flat Burns Flat Maybach dealers from the comfort of your own home.
Any great Maybach dealer Burns Flat has much more to offer than new and used sales. Most reputable Burns Flat Maybach dealerships have a complete financing department that offers leases. There will be a massive amount of factory car parts on-hand at a Burns Flat Maybach dealer. Free maintenance is offered on some new car purchases. And most Maybach dealers in Burns Flat will service your automobile for free if covered. Burns Flat Maybach dealers have certified mechanics that can fix any automobile even if the car is out-of-production. There are other assets offered by a Maybach dealer Burns Flat including a body shop and a certified pre-owned sales department.
There is an area to rate Burns Flat Maybach dealerships based on your experience. Is the dealership reliable and trustworthy or do people have a bad experience there? You can find this information by reading consumer reviews. After all would you really buy a car from a Burns Flat Maybach dealer if they had nothing but negative reviews. Make sure to do proper diligent research in order to find the best Maybach dealers in Burns Flat. This analysis can go along way in saving you time and money.The lab just phoned. They need me back.
I’m so glad that I’ve learned to ask questions. Even simple ones like, “Why?”
They messed up one of the tests so need to re-draw me. I’m okay with that admission. I appreciate the honesty. When I attain perfection, then I can get upset with other people not being perfect; I’m not there yet. Sometimes lab tests have to be repeated, even with competent people doing the work. There can be a bad batch of reagent, someone can accidentally drop a tube, the machine might malfunction…
Me: I know you’re busy, but could you tell me which test? Because one of them needs to be done fasting, and I just ate.
Lab: Uhh… Let’s see… Yes, it’s the fasting one that we need to repeat. But it doesn’t have to be done fasting. Some doctors want you to fast, but it isn’t always required for this test.
Me: Well, when she ordered the test Wednesday, she said that I’d have to return on Thursday for the blood draw because the test required fasting. I’m thinking that means she has a preference.
Lab: Let me call the doctor and ask.
Second Call
Lab: It’s Sally at the lab again. I just talked to your doctor’s office, and she does want this test to be done fasting.
Me: Okay. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.
Twenty five little boxes marked on the order form, and the one test that needs to be repeated is the only one that requires fasting. <sigh>
Argh!
I do not live next door to the lab! I drove an hour last Wednesday to see the doctor, then an hour home. I drove another hour Thursday to have labwork done. Another hour to get home. And now, I will need to make that trip again for tomorrow’s re-draw. Six hours on the road – four of them unnecessary! A simple heads-up when I made the initial doctor’s appointment would have been nice. I would have skipped eating and saved a lot of driving time, a lot in fuel costs.
What if I hadn’t asked? I would have driven into town today for tests that would not have told the doctor what she wanted to know. Either she’d have bad data, or I’d have to repeat the test yet again.
New Policy
From now on, I think I’ll just skip eating on days that I have a doctor’s appointment. For years, I’ve skipped breakfast on the day of my physical. I schedule the first appointment of the day with my doctor, have blood drawn, then go out to breakfast. It works great. Time to expand this policy to all doctor’s appointments.
Pingback: Color Coded Test Tubes « ∞ itisNASHVILLE — If Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan had walked off the set of “The Great Gatsby” and through the front doors of the Frist Center for the Visual Arts, they might have gone unnoticed.
The paparazzi assembled there were dazzled by a different set of stars: a stunning collection of unique automobiles from the 1930s and 1940s, borrowed from some of the world’s greatest collections.
Even as Mayor Karl Dean gave brief opening remarks, surrounded by reporters in the museum’s Jazz Age interior, cameras were clicking away at the new exhibit. With some museum staffers wearing flapper attire, all that was missing were flashbulbs, cigars and fedoras with press cards in their bands.
“Sensuous Steel: Art Deco Automobiles,” opened to the public Friday. Judging from the enthusiasm of the media and elite car types at Thursday’s sneak preview, the exhibit will be a hot ticket.
“It’s kind of a godsend to have something I can get this excited about,” said a grinning Ed Cherniak, an attorney, photographer and antique car enthusiast from Detroit. “How could you not come to this show?”
“Car guys” like Cherniak (and car girls), as well as fans of art and history will find more to appreciate than stylish old machines in this exhibit. Each of the 18 cars and two motorcycles in the collection tells a human story as well, often populated by extravagant, daring characters of the type that drove F. Scott Fitzgerald’s classic novel.
Take, for instance, the 1934 Voisin Type C27 Aerosport Coupe, a black and silver angular oddity with a tall, winged hood ornament in an era dominated by sleek, feminine forms. The sole survivor of two ever made, the car was designed by French aeronautical expert and playboy Gabriel Voisin, who claimed to be the inventor of the first true airplane and opened the world’s first airplane factory, supplying biplane bombers for the World War I Allies. The lines and styling of the Voisin blend seamlessly with Art Deco styling of the Frist.
Or the 1929 Cord L-29 Cabriolet, an innovative and luxurious car developed by Errat Lobban Cord, a premier industrialist of the 1920s and 1930s. Cord was a leader in U.S. transport, controlling 150 companies, including American Airlines, and appearing on the cover of Time Magazine five times. Owners of the car included famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright, who compared the low-slung car to one of his iconic homes. Like many of the cars on display, however, Cord’s Cabriolet fell victim to a failing economy, however, being introduced just as as the New York Stock Market crashed.
Another great vision derailed by the Great Depression was the 1936 Scout Scarab, which resembles a spaceship from a black-and-white science fiction film but also something more familiar to today’s car-buyers — a minivan. The tubular frame skinned with aluminum panels featured a large central door for passengers and a narrow door for the driver, and a rear engine allowed a spacious cabin where seating could be arranged in a variety of fashions around a card table. Aircraft designer William Bushnell Stout found backers and buyers for his Scarab with fantastically deep pockets, such as chewing gum magnate William K. Wrigley and Dow Chemical’s Willard Dow, but the automobile’s $5,000 price tag put it out of reach for average Americans even if they had appreciated its revolutionary advantages.
“Each of these cars has its place in automotive history and has an interesting history of its own,” said Ken Gross, guest curator for the “Sensuous Steel” exhibit. “A car like the Stout, for instance, was way ahead of its time. Here’s a guy who should have made millions on a minivan, but he didn’t. But it’s fun to look at the car and see how close he was.”
Also part of the enjoyment of looking at such unimaginably luxurious cars as a 1937 Delahaye Roadster or a 1933 Pierce-Arrow sedan is imagining yourself behind the wheel speeding down the road, or better yet being chauffeured about in a suit and tails.
“When you look at them, you can only imagine someone pulling up to a fine restaurant or hotel in Paris, and an elegant lady stepping out of a car like this,” Gross said.
Among the adoring gawkers at Thursday’s preview was David Cooper, whose company Cooper Technica based in Chicago restores old rarities similar to some of those exhibited.
He rattled off some of the wealth of detail available about the innovations, design and production of the displayed cars that should make them irresistible to hardcore auto aficionados, such as the thousands working and living around General Motors’ manufacturing plant in Spring Hill.
But he said the exhibit should leave the uninitiated star-struck as well.
“These cares are beautiful. They’re striking, and there’s nothing like them today” Cooper said. “If you want to see the finest automobile designs ever, this is a great place to start.”
TICKET INFORMATION
“Sensuous Steel” will run through Sept. 15. Same-day and advance tickets may be purchased on site at the Frist Center, 919 Broadway, or online at Now Playing Nashville. General admission is $10. Frist Center members and those 18 and under are admitted free. The museum has scheduled a number of related public programs, including a curator’s tour on June 20 and a lecture on the Art Deco movement on July 18. Details about the programs and the cars displayed are online HERE. More information can be obtained at or by calling (615) 744-3248.Checkmate! Harmony Hills hosts community chess tournament
DATE:
Oct. 27
TIME: 8 a.m. registration, 9:15 Round 1 starts
LOCATION: Harmony Hills ES, 10727 Memory Lane
Harmony Hills Elementary School will host its annual Chess Tournament on Saturday, Oct. 27. Registration will take place from 8 - 9:15 a.m. with Round 1 starting promptly at 9:15 October 2, 2012 times-Republican. (Bedford, Taylor County, Iowa) 1920-1925
Bedford, Taylor County, Iowa (1920-1925)
- Title:
- The Twice-a-week times-Republican. : (Bedford, Taylor County, Iowa) 1920-1925
- Alternative Titles:
- Bedford times-Republican Nov. 8, 1923-Mar. 19, 1925
- Times-Republican twice-a-week
- Place of publication:
- Bedford, Taylor County, Iowa
- Geographic coverage:
-
- Publisher:
- Record Pub. Co.
- Dates of publication:
- 1920-1925
- Description:
- Vol. 43, no. 11 (Mar. 8, 1920)-v. 48, no. 58 (Mar. 19, 1925).
- Frequency:
- Semiweekly
- Language:
- Notes:
- Official paper of Taylor County.
- One issue published week of Aug. 1 and numbered v. 44, no. 95 & 96 (Aug. 1 & 4, 1921).
- Publishers: John J. Clark, Aug. 1, 1921-May 26, 1924; John J. Clark Estate, May 29-Aug. 4, 1924; Kent I. Mason, Aug. 7, 1924-Mar. 19, 1925.
- LCCN:
- sn 86060149
- OCLC:
- 14135921
- Preceding Titles:
-
- Succeeding Titles:
-
- Holdings:
View complete holdings informationAdvanced Search
Rackspace, the largest independent cloud hosting provider, said that multiple bidders have expressed interest in acquiring it. As a result, Rackspace has made it official that it's looking to sell. The company has hired the investment bank Morgan Stanley to evaluate proposals and the company's options.
In a filing late Thursday with the SEC, Rackspace revealed the move, saying it has "been approached by multiple parties who have expressed interest in exploring a strategic relationship with Rackspace, ranging from partnership to acquisition." Rackspace's future has been in question since CEO Lanham Napier stepped down in February. At the time, I wondered if Rackspace would put itself on the market. The board said it is looking for a new CEO but the company has yet to name one.
While Rackspace is profitable, it's being squeezed by larger players such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft and Google. Rackspace these days is best known for stewarding the OpenStack open source cloud compute storage and networking standards -- a move aimed at providing an interoperable cloud and an alternative to market-leader Amazon.
Many key cloud providers support OpenStack including IBM, Hewlett Packard and AT&T, as well as many smaller providers. OpenStack is also working its way into Linux servers, making it the cloud operating system of choice for those users.
But the three largest cloud providers -- Amazon, Microsoft and Google -- don't support OpenStack, though orchestration tools such as Puppet, Chef and numerous other third-party offerings enable some levels of interoperability.
Of course the Rackspace cloud servers and storage are now OpenStack-based. Rackspace made a big strategic bet when it teamed up with NASA over four years ago to contribute to the OpenStack code it codeveloped with the open source community. Making the transition for Rackspace was a big and costly bet and the company's stock is down 50 percent over the past year -- though shares jumped 20 percent this morning on the news. It's ironic that the company made the filing just as the semi-annual OpenStack Summit in Atlanta took place this week.
Rackspace also has a formidable SharePoint and Exchange hosting service. I can't help but ponder if Microsoft is one of the interested parties, as outlandish as that may sound to some. There's good reason to laugh off Microsoft having any interest in Rackspace. The Microsoft Azure cloud service already has 12 global datacenters online and has four more in the queue for this year. Microsoft Azure is part of the Cloud OS, largely based on Windows Server and Hyper-V.
Rackspace, by comparison, runs an open source infrastructure. And even though it supports Windows Server and Hyper-V, it's a whole different platform. On the other hand, several people in the OpenStack Foundation have lauded Microsoft for making meaningful contributions and participating in activities. But if Microsoft wanted to have a companion network of datacenters based on OpenStack, Rackspace would be an interesting play.
To be sure, this would be a surprising and likely disruptive move. Coming back from TechEd this week, Microsoft has made it clear it's going to put all of its resources into Azure. Unless those inside the company see OpenStack as a viable threat to Azure's future as a dominant enterprise public cloud, buying anything but the company's SharePoint and Exchange hosting service would be a major departure for Microsoft.
There are likely other interested parties. IBM reportedly was once seriously interested in Rackspace before acquiring SoftLayer for $2 billion. Perhaps IBM has renewed its interest in Rackspace, though a counterargument is that Big Blue is emphasizing higher margin services-based offerings. Though I have no insights as to which companies have expressed interest, here are some possibilities, other than IBM:
To be sure, Rackspace said in its filing that it could also go the partnership route or other alternatives. Rackspace has given no timetable for making any type of move, indicating it was just exploring its options. That said, we all know how these things usually work out.
Posted by Jeffrey Schwartz on 05/16/2014 at 11:52 AM
Printable Format
More Tech Library
I agree to this site's Privacy Policy.
More WebcastsWe can help you plan a project from conception to launch.
We design experiences that maximize impact and conversions.
We push the boundaries of web and application development.
We can keep your site secure, up-to-date and bug free.
From strategy to launch and ongoing maintenance, learn how we can make your organization grow.
Let's Talk! Get In Touch
Have a project? Give us a call or drop us a line for a free quote.Emily Franquin, DVM, Associate Veterinarian
- Dr. Franquin with Dusty
Masters in Public Health, Tufts University
Biography
Prior to joining our team, Dr. Emily Franquin was a veterinarian at Tufts at Tech Community Veterinary Clinic, an extension of Tufts Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine, where she continues to supervise fourth-year veterinary students as they address the needs of animals in the Worcester area.
Dr. Franquin has special interests in animal behavior, neuropharmacology, and dermatology. In addition to cats and dogs, she sees small mammals and is continuing her education on exotic species, including birds.
Following graduation from Barnard College with a BA in Music, Dr. Franquin did post-graduate work at Columbia University and earned her DVM and MPH from Tufts University. She is fluent in French and able to communicate in Spanish, Italian, and German.
Dr. Franquin lives west of Boston with her husband, a cattle dog mix named Dusty, and kitties Squeek and Tanya.Every year for my yard haunt I dress up as one of the "classic" or well known horror movie characters and scare the TOT's and their parents. ;-) I was thinking about finally being Ghost Face since I haven't been him yet and since Scream 4 came out this year. Was just curious if anyone else has dressed up as Ghost face to scare the TOT's and if it was successfull or not? Thanks!
BookmarksMy Summer Vacation
My summer vacation was awesome!! We saw a lot of family and friends. We did a lot of outdoor activities! Spending your summer in Maine is the best thing you could do!
Since my family loves to camp, we did a lot of it. One of my families’ favorite camping places is Mooselook Meguntick campground. It has great swimming, hiking and canoeing! The swimming is great because the bottom is all sandy and there aren’t many rocks. I love the hiking there because it takes you all around the mountain! The canoeing is awesome because the water is not very rough. We usually go with my aunt and uncle and their dog. It is pretty hard to get out to your campsite. You have to take a boat because it’s on an island. We love to sit around the campfire and roast marshmallows. This year, I also learned how to fly fish!
We also went to Acadia National Park and went biking on the carriage trails. We had a great time!!! It is fun to play games and test out our bikes at the campsite so we know they work before we go on our 16 mile bike ride on the trails. The biking is so beautiful and fun, because you can see mountains and lakes and many animals.
This year we went to a place called South Arm with my friend Elizabeth. There were many toads and crayfish, and we loved to catch them. We are planning on going there again next year!
We went white water rafting on the Kennebec River. WOW THAT WAS A BLAST!!!!! We splashed through the waves and got soaked! We also went swimming through the rapids and it was so scary it was fun. After the rafting, we had a delicious BBQ of fish, steak and chicken. Rafting was one of the best things I have ever done!
Since my grandfather died last year we spent a lot of time with my grandma to help her out. she lives by the ocean so we love to go there. We also went to my other grandparent’s house which is near the ocean too!! Overall, my summer was fantastic!
Submitted by: Grace Woodhead QSI MiddleWith BuyConexContainers.com you can get a great deal, whether you are looking for long term or short term conex container rentals. If you've been looking for some additional storage space, but aren't sure how long you need a conex container for, then renting may be the best choice for you. If you are trying to find out how much it costs to rent conex containers then BuyConexContainers.com is the best place to go, because you can quickly compare prices from the leading companies throughout the United States.
There are many advantages to renting vs. buying, leasing, or seeking other storage solutions including:
There are a bunch of different sizes of conex container rentals, but there are three common types that most companies will rent:
Standard conex container dimensions are 8 Ft. wide and 8 Ft. high. There are extra wide conex containers, but they are rare and most companies will only sell them as they are difficult to transport on the roads and they require a special permit to do so.Record numbers of parents are ending up with criminal records for allowing their children to play truant from school, new figures show.
More than 10,000 parents received convictions in 2012 for failing to ensure their children turned up to school.
According to Ministry of Justice figures released under the Freedom of Information act to the Daily Mail, 10,185 were found guilty and sentenced – up 3.5 per cent up from 2011 when 9,836 parents were convicted.
Two thirds of these were fined and 20 were jailed, while others undertook community service.
The number of convictions is more than five times the figure in 2001 when only 1,845 were found guilty.
It comes after figures from the Department of Education showed the number of pupils missing lessons on a daily basis increased by more than 20,000 last year amid a spike in sickness rates.
Figures, released in October, showed 335,510 children were off school in England each day – equivalent to 5.3 per cent of the pupil population – over a seven month period.
It was revealed that the absence rate – which combines pupils missing school with a valid excuse as well as those playing truant – increased from five per cent a year earlier.
A spokesman for the Department of Education said: “Poor attendance at school can have a hugely damaging effect.
“Children who attend school regularly are nearly four times more likely to achieve five or more good GCSEs than those who are regularly absent.”SAO PAULO, Brazil (AP) — An Air France jet carrying 228 people from Rio de Janeiro to Paris is missing after running into lightning and strong thunderstorms over the Atlantic Ocean, officials said Monday. Brazil began a search mission off its northeastern coast….
See the original post here:
Missing French jet hit thunderstorms over Atlantic
More articles filed under National NewsRestaurant Week for a big group
My birthday happens to fall a weekday after RW. So I'm looking for the best French/American/ or Japanese RW choice for a group of around 15-20 Twentysomethings. Alternatively suggestions for Mid-range (15-30/main) would be appreciated as well. My top choice is Modern Bar Room but I doubt I'll be able to get a table for 15 on the 30th.
I was also looking for a place that had the option of Fugu (Non-RW) but looks like those places are little out of the price range of some of my guests.
Location: Pref soho and above and below Central Park
Some of my possible choices so far consist of
Megu, Bond St, Lure, Blue Water Grill, Town, Modern, Japonais
Alternatively Non RW Choices for 1/31
Koi, Haru
Thanks In Advance!
Don't do Japanois. Here's my review from last year:
I've only been to Lure, The Modern - Bar Room, and Japanois, and out of those the Bar Room wins, hands down. Even NOT during RW. But a table for 15 seems impossible. I'm not sure how they would do that given the layout.
Blue Water Grill can accommodate a group your size.
For 1/31, you might want to consider Fleur de Sel, which offers a 3-course lunch prix-fixe for $29 all year round, including weekends. Even though the space is small, I've seen them accommodate a group as large as yours.Source: Wrestling Observer Newsletter- Above is the opening video for tonight's Impact Wrestling episode.
- There is a push within TNA to bring in Chris Hero (Kassius Ohno), but there's no deal in place.
- The TNA live event on February 14th in Abilene, Texas drew around 300 fans, the December 15th live event in Cedar Park, TX drew 900 fans and the February 16th live event in Huntsville, TX drew 350HALIFAX – An RCMP tactical squad stormed and seized the anti-sealing vessel Farley Mowat today, in a provocative move the federal fisheries minister said would prevent "a bunch of money-sucking manipulators" from interfering with the annual hunt.
Paul Watson, head of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, said the seizure of his ship and the arrests of two senior officers amounted to an "act of war" because the vessel is registered in the Netherlands.
Watson, speaking from New York, said armed officers from two coast guard vessels scrambled aboard the Mowat at around 11 a.m. ADT in the Cabot Strait – the body of water between Cape Breton and Newfoundland.
"(They) took command of the vessel, and .... they were screaming at people to lie down on the deck."
The environmental crusader said a communications officer aboard the ship was relaying details of the boarding via satellite phone when the connection was suddenly lost.
Later in the day, Hearn said the ship's captain and chief officer were arrested for allegedly violating Canada's marine mammal regulations and the Fisheries Act.
He said those charges were related to a high-seas confrontation in the Gulf of St. Lawrence between the Farley Mowat and a coast guard icebreaker two weeks ago.
"We did the right thing," Hearn told a news conference in Ottawa. "I'd rather act when nobody is hurt, rather than react when somebody got killed."
The minister bristled at Watson's suggestion that the seizure represents a public relations coup for his movement as the European Union contemplates a ban on the importation of all seal products.
"These are a bunch of money-sucking manipulators," Hearn said. "Their sole aim is to try to suck as much money out of the pockets of people who really don't know what's going on," he said. under the Fisheries Act with obstruction or hindrance of a Fishery Officer or inspector.
However, Watson maintains the Farley Mowat doesn't have to submit to Canadian regulations.
Hearn rejected that claim, saying the Mowat was seized legally in Canada's "internal waters," without providing the specific location of the seizure.
Watson has argued that his vessel never entered Canada's 12-nautical-mile territorial limit, but Hearn said the Fisheries Act gave him the authority to take action beyond that line.
"This is just more mouthy talk by people who want to use this to their advantage," Hearn said. "Paul Watson is quarterbacking from his nice, posh hotel room in New York somewhere."
A spokesman for the Dutch ministry of foreign affairs at The Hague, Netherlands, said his government was attempting to learn more about the incident.
"For the moment, we are still verifying the facts, and seeking the opinion of the Canadian authorities and how they justify their acts of today," said Ahmed Dadou.
In Ottawa, Hearn noted the crew of the Mowat were "safe and unharmed" following the boarding, and their vessel would be taken to Sydney, N.S., by early Sunday.
Those charged were expected to appear in a Sydney court.
Watson said his group has plenty of graphic footage of seals being slaughtered and he believes the pictures will be damaging to Canada's reputation.
"I think we've embarrassed the hell out of the Canadian government and they're desperate," he said.
Hearn said the seizure had nothing to do with censorship and insisted the move was not aimed at boosting the federal Conservatives' flagging fortunes in his home province of Newfoundland.
"It is time something was done and something has been done and it has nothing to do with Newfoundland or what kind of shape we're in. This won't affect me politically one way or another," he said.
Meanwhile, the European Commission, the executive branch of the European Union, is awaiting a second report on the seal hunt before making its recommendation to the European Parliament, likely this summer.
The annual hunt started March 28 in the southern Gulf of St. Lawrence, then expanded last week to include a portion of the gulf west of Newfoundland. The main hunt, in an area north of Newfoundland known as the Front, started today.
On March 30, some seal hunters called for assistance from the coast guard, complaining that the Farley Mowat was getting too close to them on the ice floes about 60 kilometres north of Cape Breton.
The Fisheries Department later said its 98-metre icebreaker Des Groseilliers responded to the scene and was "grazed" twice by the 54-metre Farley Mowat.
But the conservation group said its ship was rammed twice by the icebreaker.
The crew aboard the Mowat said they were told not to approach an ice-covered area where seals were being slaughtered, but the crew did not comply with the order.
On April 5, Hearn said charges had been laid, but he did not say how or when the summonses would be served.
The charges, brought forward in Nova Scotia, could result in fines of up to $100,000 or up to one year in prison, or both.
The captain of the Cape Breton sealing vessel who called for help said the arrests were long overdue.
"It's time, it's high time, it's past time that they did something with them," said Pat Briand of Dingwall, N.S., the 55-year-old skipper of the Cathy Erlene.
Watson has denied the Farley Mowat got too close to the hunt and has released a video that shows the two vessels travelling briefly in a parallel course and then colliding twice.
The Sea Shepherd Society and previous incarnations have long used militant tactics to stop hunters from killing seals, whales and other marine wildlife.
The group claims to have sunk six whaling ships since 1979, saying no one was hurt in those actions.
During the 1980s, Watson harassed Russian whaling ships and Japanese dolphin hunters. In the mid-80s, he was tear gassed off the Faroe Islands when he tried to stop the sport kill of pilot whales.
In 1995, he scuffled with an angry mob of angry sealers on Iles-de-la-Madeleine when he went there to stage a protest with actor Martin Sheen.
To be sure, the Canadian Coast Guard and the Fisheries Department are no strangers to confrontation on the water.
On March 9, 1995, as Spain and Canada were locked in an emotional battle over the overfishing of turbot just beyond Canadian waters, the coast guard patrol vessel Cape Roger intercepted the Spanish trawler Estai, which cut its nets and fled.
After a lengthy pursuit, the crew of the Cape Roger fired four bursts from .50-calibre machine gun across the bow of the Estai, which then stopped and was seized by RCMP and Fisheries officers. haven't been dating since Feb this year. They have been dating for 2 years but kept it a secret and Stephen came out with it this Feb
Bizarre and a bit surreal, but congrats to Paquin and Moyer. The show is also the first time Paquin has done nudity, so. . .
Sorry the facts are wrong regarding Stephen and Anna. Stephen and Anna started dating shortly after they auditioned for their parts on True Blood back in the Spring of 2007. Therefore, they have been a couple for over 2 years now and have have been living together for a year and a half. They ANNOUNCED that they are a couple this past February. I wished the original People article had all their facts correct before they published it because so many publications are printing their misinformation. Some sites are publishing the correct information because they at least took the time to research the story before rushing to get it published. Congratulations to the both of them and wishing them a lifetime of happiness and never-ending love between the two of them!
I hope she is still going to make the trueblood panel on April 13th. There could be an Emmy 2 years in a row for Anna!(this year TB, this tv movie)
Sei stato sperando di poter permettersi un autentico Louis Vuitton borsa, entirely concur using the above opinion, the world wide web is certainly without a doubt expanding in to the principal kind of communication all around the world and it's due to to net websites like this that ideas are spreading so swiftly."
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Biology, Neuroscience
I hold listening towards the information communicate about receiving no cost on the net grant programs so I've beenlooking around for the most effective internet site to obtain 1.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Concentrations
I precisely wanted to thank you very much yet again. I am not sure the things I would've handled in the absence of the entire suggestions documented by you directly on such a area. This has been the frightful case in my position, nevertheless being able to view the professional approach you processed that made me to jump over happiness. I'm grateful for this information and in addition wish you know what an amazing job you are always carrying out teaching men and women through a web site. I am sure you've never got to know any of us.
Hello.This article was extremely interesting, particularly because I was investigating for thoughts on this matter last Friday.Lucas Holton
Trial Set For Teen Who Allegedly Mutilated A Raccoon
A 19-year-old man will stand trial on charges of animal cruelty for allegedly beating a raccoon to death last fall.
3 Teens Arrested For Allegedly Mutilating A Raccoon
Police in Boulder believe three teenagers beat a raccoon to death with a machete.
3 Face Felony Charges In Raccoon Death In Boulder
Three 19-year-olds face felony animal cruelty charges in the death of a raccoon.Teacher & Community Appreciation DaySaturday, January 20
10:00 AM - 1:00 PM
register online
Learn more about our Claymobile community engagement program, on-site tours and classroom workshops, and curriculum examples of display to spark lesson ideas. Get behind-the-scenes tours of our studios and exhibitions, as well as a chance to try the potters wheel. Teachers and community partners are welcome. Space is limited, so pre-registration is recommended.But Lohan denied the claim and next entered into a lesbian relationship with UK DJ Samantha Ronson. The band was asked if they were still in touch with the 'Mean Girls" star.
“No, we lost touch. Harry turned her into a lesbian. She was lovely but pretty crazy," the Daily Telegraph quoted band member Danny Jones as joking. “We didn"t send her a get out of jail card. She'd be like: Who"s this from?" he added.Book your room at Quality Inn Taos
Standard Room, 2 Queen Beds, Non SmokingMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 4 children, 4 infants)
Standard Room, 2 Queen Beds, Non SmokingMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Simple base for skiers with a shuttle to the slopes
Location
Conveniently near skiing facilities, this Taos hotel is within 3 mi (5 km) of Navajo Gallery and Kit Carson Park and close to winter sports such as cross-country skiing and skiing lessons. Taos Plaza Theater and Arts Center and Kit Carson Home and Museum are also within 3 mi (5 km).
Hotel Features
Cozy up to a roaring lobby fireplace at Quality Inn Taos after an exciting day on the slopes.
Room Amenities
All 99. A computer station is located on site and high-speed wireless Internet access is complimentary. This ski hotel also offers a seasonal outdoor pool, multilingual staff, and complimentary newspapers in the lobby. Complimentary self parking is available on site. Guests can use the health club at a partner hotel.
- 24-hour front desk
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Computer station
- Conference space size (feet) - true
- Conference space size (meters) -
- Fireplace in lobby
- Free breakfast
- Free RV, bus, truck parking
- Free self parking
- Free WiFi
- Multilingual staff
- Number of floors - 2
- Outdoor seasonal pool
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Ski shuttle
- Television in lobby
- Total number of rooms -
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Cable TV service
- Climate control
- Coffee/tea maker
- Free toiletries
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Cribs/infant beds available
- Free dial-up Internet access
- Free local calls
- Free WiFi
- Hair dryer
- Iron/ironing board
- LCD TV
- Microwave
- Premium TV channels
- Refrigerator
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Shower/tub combination
Where to Eat
A complimentary continental breakfast is served each morning between 9.00 per night
- Late check-out fee: USD 35
- Rollaway bed fee: USD 10.00 per night0
cart
Product Description
The Big Chill by Rod Frederick is a 500 Piece Pastime Puzzle that includes 50 special whimsies! The finished puzzle fits a standard 18" x 24" frame.
Product Information
Manufacturer(s):
Winning Moves USA
Year: 2012
Players: 1
Time: 15 or more minutes
Ages: 8 and up
Piece Count: 500 pieces
Weight: 580 grams
Language Requirements: This is a domestic item.
Product Reviews
Other Resources for Puzzle: The Big Chill:
Board Game Geek is an incredible compilation of information about board and card games with many descriptions, photographs, reviews, session reports, and other commentary.UPDATE:Now that we're checking out for the holidays, all we really want to do is get a little cold-weather outfit inspo. So, Nora, we're lookin' at you, kid. This story was originally published on December 7.
We're suckers for the girl-next-door types. Especially when they're actually celebs. They're not only easy on the eyes, but also have the acting chops to back up that beauty. Oh wait, we're describing starlet Nora Zehetner. Seriously, she happens to be the literal girl-next-door, living right around the corner from our East Village offices. And this actress-on-the-rise couldn't be more laid-back, despite the fact that she's appeared on Mad Men, Grey's Anatomy, and Brick (to name just a few).
Luckily, her paparazzi-worthy style reminds you that she's a star even if she's too humble to clue you in. Trust us, this girl's got it. So, we couldn't help but want to capture her X factor on camera, taking to our 'hood to snap four of Nora's favorite wintertime looks, from an Annie Hall-inspired outfit to a mod girlish number. Plus, we got the skinny on her top local spots, her must-have holiday gift, and, oh yeah, her number one celeb crush. We think it's pretty clear who we're crushing on, at this point….
Check out four inspiring winter looks from NYC's hottest on-the-rise starlet.
Photographed by Justin Chung
Now we're email buddies!Avalon Hill Outdoor Survival Pdf Games
Ski down the hillside however eliminate the recreational skiiers which have crashed. You hill have got become a large ball related with snowfall moving down the hill, gaining in size and also selecting up great speed. Disc drive the machine in outdoor the rocky slopes related with the canyons. survival
Down avalon the hill there 15 jumps. Control the sled as well pdf as manuver down the hill!. You control the turret during the top related with the hill. Journey a skateboard down the hill avoiding the difficulties and additionally gathering bonus aspects, in this 3D realistic game. Fly down the hillside hit storage space to jump and also navigate the skiier to land him carefully.
You can only find the inculcation avalon hill outdoor survival pdf games which you will enjoy while you are playing on this website. Play free games at PlayAllFreeOnlineGames.com.
You will pass enjoyable moments while playing avalon hill outdoor survival pdf games.Search Jersey Dog
Animal videos
Share photos of your pets
About Ray Edel
Animal news and views in North Jersey (and beyond)
Tag Archives: polar bearBaku, Azerbaijan, Feb. 12
By Elena Kosolapova - Trend:
The devaluation of national currency will have a positive impact on the further growth of the country's economy, Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev said on Feb. 12.
The president made the remarks at a meeting with Kazakh Prime Minister Serik Akhmetov and National Bank's Chairman Kairat Kelimbetov.
"This is a purely financial measure, aimed at only improving the economic state of our enterprises, each of which employs 10,000-40,000 people. Our economy will receive additional income and in general it will positively impact the economy's further growth," the president said.
Nazarbayev stressed that the decision on Kazakh currency's devaluation should not adversely affect ordinary citizens and it is necessary to prevent artificial raise in prices and curb speculations at the currency exchange points.
"Akims [heads] of all levels should watch over this, and the relevant government authorities should continuously conduct monitoring and take the tightest measures, including the withdrawal of the license of those who speculate on the current economic situation," Nazarbayev said. "Currently it is necessary to take all necessary measures for the national currency corridor to be at the declared level, working for the benefit of our economy".
During the meeting, the National Bank's chairman said that the potential, which was achieved as a result of the devaluation in February 2009, increased the competitiveness of Kazakhstan's economy.
"We achieved good results, but in 2012-2013 this potential was gradually depleted, because the currencies of other developing countries were weakening, as compared to the U.S. dollar. Today, many investors abandon the emerging markets," Kelimbetov said.
The bank's head noted that import in Kazakhstan grows faster than export.
"To avoid such a fast pace of growth in import, we worked on the adjustment of the exchange rate, as the previous corridor at 145-155 tenges per dollar has exhausted itself. Today we believe that a 20 percent change in rates and achievement of targeted 185 tenges per dollar with three tenges more or less is that equilibrium and competitive exchange rate, which is needed in the Kazakh economy in the nearest medium term," he said.
In turn, Kazakh Prime Minister noted that the expert community and the government are aware of a number of uncertainties in the economic situation in 2014, not only in Kazakhstan but also in other countries, including Russia, China and developing states.
"We believe that, given the situation, which is currently developing in the global economy, the devaluation which is conducted by the National Bank is a necessary measure. This will allow improving the macroeconomic indicators of our country's economy in several areas," Akhmetov said.
Translated by E.A.Nanton looks down
Tanara – Tanara has been ruined. A world once frought with cities and industry has fallen into chaos. A magical battle took place between the major nations of a land known as Balnia. Little is remembered but all agree that there was an explosion in Balnia about thirty years ago and the land began to change. The further west you went the dragons could no longer fly or speak. Their breath weapons a mere memory. Arcane magic wains away until it is myth. But in Balnia, in Baknia the Well provides magical chaos and destruction letting loose deady spells with conciousness. The well, what is left of a great battle long ago. Many a wizard and even a cleric or two went into the well for it’s power only to emerge mangled and twisted by the magic within. Survival is hard here. It’s hard everywhere else to. The loss of magic in many area’s was a great blow to life on some continents and the little magic left in those lands is coveted and misered. The world is still changing, Balancing itself in a new way.
Nanton looks down CommentsKIRKUS REVIEW
A convincing argument that theologian Dietrich Bonhoeffer and his often overlooked brother-in-law Hans von Dohnanyi “deserve to be remembered together” for their courageous resistance to Hitler's Nazi regime.
Sifton (The Serenity Prayer: Faith and Politics in the Times of Peace and War, 2003) and Stern (University Professor Emeritus/Columbia Univ.; Five Germanys I Have Known, 2006, etc.) have unique vantage points. Stern's parents were friends of Bonhoeffer, and he remains a friend to the children of Bonhoeffer's sister. Sifton's father, famed theologian Reinhold Niebuhr, was also a friend and colleague. Both were active opponents of Hitler from the beginning. Bonhoeffer had won an international standing working against the Aryanization of churches in the 1930s. Dohnanyi attempted to help people targeted by the regime and began to compile a chronological record, together with documentation of Nazi crimes, for use after the regime fell. While working in counterintelligence, he recruited Bonhoeffer to join with him and his sister Christine in what the authors call “their conspiracy against the state.” Dohnanyi and Bonhoeffer were subsequently involved in organizing the March 1943 plots against Hitler. Held for two years under appalling conditions, they were executed less than a month before the end of the war, as were other members of their extended families. Particularly powerful are the quotations from letters and communications from jail. The authors quote from a letter Christine wrote in September 1945: “I believe it is better to know for what one dies than not to know what exactly one is living for.” Sifton and Stern answer the question about whether Bonhoeffer has been remembered correctly and also discuss both men’s unsuccessful attempts to reach out to the Allies for support.
A concise yet powerful contribution to an even larger history.This is an authentic Walter Payton Autographed Helmet, proline Riddell. Signed in silver sharpie, crisp and clear signature. This item comes fully certified with tamper evident hologram and certificate of authenticity.
Image Unavailable
Image not available for
Color:
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash PlayerWhen the last week of October, and raising nearly $20 billion, emerging markets no linger necessarily means small cap. That's one of the reasons behind the launch of a new mutual fund, Templeton Emerging Markets Small Cap Fund.
"If you look at the universe of emerging markets stocks, it numbers about 17,000 names around the world. The big portion of those names cannot be purchased by our normal global emerging markets funds because the liquidity of many of these companies is too small, and the companies themselves are too small--but there's a lot of value out there in these smaller companies," says Mark Mobius, by phone from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. He is CEO of investment management at Franklin Templeton and a portfolio manager of the new fund, along with Tom Wu and Dennis Lim.
Not many vehicles that invest in small caps in emerging markets exist. "These are companies with a market capitalization of less than $1 billion," explains Mobius. "I don't know of any other open-end fund in the U.S. that's small cap emerging markets--there may be, but I don't know of any." One reason why is that now you can differentiate the capitalization of emerging markets companies. "Everybody up to now thought, 'Emerging markets are small cap, because if you compare them with the U.S., by definition they must be small caps. That was probably true back in 1987 when we started the first emerging markets fund, basically these companies were all very small... now things have changed and you've got very big companies in emerging markets."
The fund will hold "probably 50 or 60 companies at the beginning," according to Mobius, and then more companies as it gathers assets. "The nice thing about a fund like this is that you can go into countries that normally wouldn't be available to us; for example I was just in Romania. There, the companies are so small they wouldn't be eligible for the global funds but they're eligible for the Small Cap Fund. I was also in Croatia; we did have one pharmaceutical company in our global funds but we recently sold that," because it was bought by a U.S. pharmaceutical company. "There are other companies there but they're just too small for our global funds. The Emerging Markets Small Cap Fund "just opened us up to other countries that normally would not be viable."
Useful links:
Profile of Mark Mobius and the Templeton World China Fund
Franklin Templeton Web siteA single router is responsible for that much of a problem? what happened to eliminating single points of failure?
Blackberry, O2, Blackberry again........ not good. …
A single router is responsible for that much of a problem? what happened to eliminating single points of failure?
Blackberry, O2, Blackberry again........ not good.
BB user in Northern Ireland, didn't notice any problems today.
This sounds more like a problem with vodaphone than blackberry.
What's worse is while my Blackberry has been sullen all morning, Good Technology on my iDevice (and presumably for those users on Android too) has been chiming regularly...
If RIM think managing infrastructure around what used to be their USP they really do seem to have a death wish.
that's interesting, our IT team that was tracking this issue and reported it to the rest of the department were told it was due to RIM rolling out a service upgrade. Did seem a strange time of the week to perform a patch/upgrade.
I'll second this - we were also told it was a RIM issue. Either way, our BB-using clients were generally greeting the news of another outage with resigned sighs, which is never good.
Ditto - Vodafone told us it was a RIM issue. Cue cries of "Give me an iPhone - I'm sick of these BB outages" from our delighted users. Nice tactic to sell the higher profit margin devices maybe?
Yeah, same here - Vodafone told us that it was a RIM router issue.
I had plenty of people from the business asking us to "escalate within RIM" which kept me entertained all day.
Not seeing any issues on my Voda (BIS) BB today - seems to be working fine.
We run a number of BBs on O2 using BES and haven't seen any problems today... annoyingly, I left my personal BB (on Vodafone) at home today so can't compare :-(
Its nice to find out what the fault was on the old El Reg, having spent most of the morning restarting every server we have trying to restore the service!
Odd - didn't you think it might be an idea to check with your carrier whether there were any known outages? It's not like there haven't been many recently...
That's the first thing I did (hurray me!).
But had no Vodafone service all day in office that is usually 2-3 bars Edge...
Blackberry down and no one noticed ;)
But it only affected 3G & GPRS traffic - wifi traffic worked fine.
me too - switching phone to 2G and back again brought service back, which is just silly.
What was even sillier (and i probably should apologise to vodafone customer services for an email they got) was that while trying to see if there was an issue i was wandering around vodafone's support site, and got a "customer satisfaction survey" popup - which covered the entire screen on phone and meant i couldn't read support page!
We just had two of our customers come back to us and ask us to replace their crapberries with Jesus Mobes. Our sales director is a happy man, improved the weekly figures. Thanks Rim and Vodaclone for making him happy!
DumbPhones just work because there's bugger all behind them. FeaturePhones work because they're barely more functional than DumbPhones.
SmartPhones (Android, Apple, Windows etc) all work because there's no one single point of failure.
DeadPhones (which used to be known as BlackBerry's) have failed and will continue to fail because RIM wants to run the world.
The new BB10 may be flashy n shiny and smooth n all that good stuff, but it'll just be another hunk of glass and electronics the next time RIM's supply line craps out.
As the phrase goes, 'You can't polish a turd'
Paris - well, because she's like a BB10, quite pretty but functionally obsolete.
Fortunately, this flaw seems to be BB7-specific (and earlier): BB10 finally drops this absurd flaw, switching to the same approach iThings and Android devices have used all along.
Of course, the BB-worshippers who point to the single point of failure as being a "security feature" (instead of a pure encrypted tunnel from handset to mail server, like I have, you put an extra step in the middle and they think this 'helps'!) will need to think up a new line...
Got a txt msg on Wednesday afternoon to say that 'Maintenance' was going to be undertaken on my corporate Blackberry and to try switching it off and on again before calling customer services on the 0333 number if I had any problems.
I did try switching it off and on again (I promise) several times - haven't received an email since Thursday evening - life is good!!!!Related:
- Let me know about my polytechnic exam center details bearing code number 108.
- Where is my polytechnic exam center bearing code number 157? Please its very urgent.
- How can I find the address of polytechnic exam center bearing code number 148?
- Give the complete information regarding my polytechnic exam center bearing code number 216.
- Give the center details of polytechnic exam bearing code 228?
- Let me know the details about polytechnic entrance exam bearing code number 170.
- Detailed address of my polytechnic exam center. My exam code is 204.
- Details about my polytechnic exam center in Delhi? My center code is 103
- Where is my polytechnic exam center? Code number is 105?
- Details of CET exam center bearing code number 228.
- Where is my polytechnic exam center? My code number is 217.
- Where is my examination center in Delihi for polytechnic exam,2012? My code number is 147.
- List some best coaching centers for C.S Course in Hyderabad? Provide me the full details of coaching centers with its fee structure,address and contact numbers?
- Where is my exam center for Delhi polytechnic exam? My exam code is 130.
- Where is my examination center in Delhi for polytechnic exam,2012? My code number is 118.
- How to find the address of Delhi polytechnic exam center with the help of center code?
- What are the required qualifications for admission to Polytechnic course in Andhra Pradesh? Where can we get the application forms for same? What is the last date to submit application form, both online and offline mode? Suggest few good books
- Give me the complete information about M.P PPT colleges.
- Which university of bangalore offers admission for Diploma course in Mechanical by correspondence for the one who completed ITI in machinist trade?
- Give the complete details about All India Polytechnic exam,2012?May 6, 2008
Louie Vaccher
WildcatReport.com
Most schools are recruiting four-star prospect Justin Green of Louisville (Ky.) Male as a cornerback and he's listed in the Rivals database at that spot. But Northwestern sees things a little differently and has offered the 5-foot-11, 178-pounder at a different position. Get the scoop on Green and his interest in NU in this WildcatReport recruiting feature. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inI last saw his mother (my aunt Rosie) back in 1998 who informed me he lives in Michigan's upper peninsula and still builds models. I have no idea if he is part of a club or if he even has a computer but it would be nice to hear from him after about 40 years!
Edited by DarylH, 19 September 2007 - 12:57 PM.,May 2015
Volume 18
Issue 2
Evidence-Based Mental Health aims to engage psychiatrists and psychologists, particularly younger professionals, in the challenge of basing their practice on evidence.
Published by the Royal College of Psychiatrists, the British Psychological Society and BMJ the journal surveys a wide range of international medical journals, applying strict criteria for the quality and validity of research. Clinicians assess the relevance of the best studies and the key details of these essential articles are presented in a succinct, informative expert commentary on their clinical application. Evidence-Based Mental Health also publishes Editorials, Perspectives, Reviews and Original Content.
Editor's Choice & Sample Issue
Read the latest Editor selected articles for free:
Beyond the Impact Factor >>
The effectiveness of long-acting injectable antipsychotics: a clinical perspective >>
A primer on network meta-analysis with emphasis on mental health >>
Read the free sample issue:
Febraury 2014 Free Sample Issue >>
RCPsych members login
Members of the Royal College of Psychiatrists are able to log in to Evidence-Based Mental Health through the college website.
Log-in via RCPsych site >>
Meet the EBMH Editor
EBMH Twitter Chats #ebmhchat
Evidence-Based Mental Health have launched online interactive Twitter Chats hosted by expert clinicians and academics from around the world discussing evidence-based practices in mental health.
Find out more about #ebmhchat and how to join in! >>
EBMH Hangout
The next #ebmhchat on the 22nd May at 3pm BST will also include a Google Hangout on 'Effectiveness of Long-Acting Injectable Antipsychotics for Schizophrenia'.
Find out more here - Coming Soon >>
Missed a Chat?
Missed the last #ebmhchat? View a summary of the chat on 'Long Term Treatment of Biopolar Disorder' now:
Watch the Google Hangout >>
Air-conditioning
Show only special offers
(Show on map)
Sort by >>
[+-]Random Selection Rating Sleeps Newest villas Price
Location address: Terranuova Bracciolini - ArezzoShow on map
6 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, 10 to 11 people, Private Pool
2015 Prices per villa
1988 to 3468:Detail Information
Publications4
Brain and plasma exposure profiling in early drug discovery using cassette administration and fast liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometryMei Yi Zhang
Chemical and Screening Sciences, Wyeth Research, CN8000, Princeton, NJ 08543 8000, USA
J Pharm Biomed Anal 34:359-68. 2004..The method described here has been used for providing early brain penetration information in several CNS exploratory and discovery programs...
Discovery of a novel series of Notch-sparing gamma-secretase inhibitorsAnthony Kreft
Chemical and Screening Sciences, Wyeth Research, CN 8000, Princeton, NJ 08543 8000, USA
Bioorg Med Chem Lett 18:4232-6. 2008..Lead optimization studies led to the discovery of analog 8e with improved gamma-secretase inhibitory potency and Notch-sparing selectivity......
Molecular-modeling based design, synthesis, and activity of substituted piperidines as gamma-secretase inhibitorsEric Gundersen
Chemical and Screening Sciences, Wyeth Research, CN 8000, Princeton, NJ 08543 8000, USA
Bioorg Med Chem Lett 15:1891-4. 2005..Described below is a series of gamma-secretase inhibitors designed from a scaffold identified by a ROCS [J. Comput. Chem.1996, 17, 1653] search of the corporate database...Croydon CemeteryCroydon, Utah, United States
# Images
184
Show Pins
Show Clusters
Large Map
Show All Cems
Cemetery Information
Nearby Cemeteries Map
- Henefer Cemetery 3.4mi | 5.5km
367 images
- Echo Historical Cementery 6.6mi | 10.6km
55 images
- Round Valley Pioneer Cemetery 7.2mi | 11.6km
2 images
- South Morgan Cemetery 9.7mi | 15.6km
1371 images
- North Morgan Cemetery 10.2mi | 16.4km
670 images
- Coalville Cemetery 11mi | 17.7km
1999 images
- Richville Cemetery 11.2mi | 18km
25 images
- Porterville Cemetery 11.5mi | 18.5km
45.Over 2,000 jewellery shops downed their shutters here from the afternoon of Saturday in response to a call given by the Tamil Nadu Jewellers' Federation to protest some of the proposals in the Union budget.
The shutters were downed at 2 p.m. in all shops on the busy South Avanimoola Street and Jhansi Rani Park areas in protest against the increase in import duty from two per cent to four per cent and levy of one per cent excise duty on platinum and gold. M. S. Balasubramanian, president of the federation, said that the duty increase would mean an increase of over Rs. 100 per gram of gold. The increase in service tax would also take it further above.
Mr. Balasubramanian said that those in the bullion trade were of the view that it would not be possible to insist on identity proof when a person made a purchase of gold over Rs. two lakh. The jewellery shops had also been asked to make tax deduction at source for purchases of over Rs. two lakh. The ruling prices of gold were so high that even a jewel weighing 10 sovereigns would cost more than Rs. two lakh. The duty revision and insistence on id proof would only encourage evasion. If one shop insisted on production of identity proof, the buyer might go to another where he would not be required to reveal his identity. Mr. Balasubramanian said that the strike would end on Monday.
J. Loganathan, treasurer, Madurai Jewellers and Bullion Merchants' Association, said that the new measures had come as a blow to the bullion trade.
He pointed out that most of the buyers, especially those from rural areas, would not be in a position to produce identity proof while buying jewels.Picture a late night with one of your really good friends. Laptops are open, the creative juices are flowing, the kids are in bed {you know aside from the teenagers that are at after-prom}….in short a perfect blogging evening.
I break open my Macbook Pro only to find that it won’t connect to the internet. No biggie, the poor thing is nearly nine years old, and my dear friend has a back up computer. So instead of losing my ever loving mind trying to get the Macbook working, she gives me her work laptop to use.
The track pad is jumpy and it won’t see photos that I need for some posts. In short it is making me want to chuck it out the window. But, alas, the windows are closed and it’s not my computer. I try and I try some more to no avail….this stupid computer is sucking the life out of me. So much so that when my friend posts on Facebook about all of the late night writing we will be getting done, I proclaim the computers sitting in front of me to be wiener heads. That’s right…wiener heads.
Then I look up and that’s when I realized that these computers are conspiring against me to keep me from updating my blog. Yes, that’s right I totally just threw a couple of computers under the figurative bus because sadly Nichole lives out in the country and not too many buses pass by her front door and I am pretty sure that the Amish would just drive their buggy around it while cursing the English.
So one Mac and one PC {a Dell to be exact} are talking to each other and conspiring against me…..it’s either that or well, I just don’t want to think of the alternative.
That track pad is evil. I don’t dispute that one bit. It’s the thing I hate the most about that computer but sadly I did not get much say in the purchasing of it.Sankyo Co1Updated
Conversation Starter
white oblong
Showing Replies 1 - 6 of 6
1david Says:
what is sankyo co1
2Verwon Says:
Sankyo is a drug company that has now partnered with Ranbaxy, if you are speaking of a certain drug, please provide the imprints from the tablet.
3david stom Says:
the pill says sankyo on one side and co1 just checking because my son had these in his drawer my wife found them just concerned
4Verwon Says:
This tablet contains 625mgs of Colesevelam, a generic for WelChol, it is used to help lower cholesterol.
I think the better question is, since these are prescription drugs and having them without on is illegal, is where did your son get them and what did he think they were?
I think the better question is, since these are prescription drugs and having them without on is illegal, is where did your son get them and what did he think they were?
5welchol Says:
sankyo co1
6welchol Says:
the one dr gave it to me for diarrera is this ok
Possibly Related Threads:
SANKYO/ C15 WHITE HAS C15 ON THE BACK. OVAL SHAPE ## Pill Image This is Benicar 40mgs, Olmesartan. This is used to help lower and co... 2 replies
sankyo small round pill with sankyo on one side and c22 on the other ## SANKYO C22 is Benicar HCT. IMPRINT CODE: SANKYO C22 COL... 2 replies
sankyo c25 drug indications pink salmon colore oblong pill with c25 on back and sankyo on the other side...
Sankyo C23 oval orange pill...
Sankyo C01 off white and oval shaped...
SANKYO C25 orange/pinkish color and oblong Sanko written on one side C25 the other....
c23 sankyo oval, pale orange ## Pill Image This is Benicar HCT, Hydrochlorothiazide 40mgs and Olmesaran 12.5mgs, this is a combo me... 1 reply
round white Sankyo Pill With C14 On The Back this is a round white pill with SANKYO on one side and C14 on the other...
hydroxychlor SANKYO pink, oblong, C25 & SANKYO...
C 23 (Brand Name Sankyo) Oblong - beige in color-Sankyo on oine side- C23 on other side ## Pill Image This is Benicar, Hydrochlorothiazide 40mgs ... 1 replyJUNE FERROL
ProfilesRankThis is the rank of 'JUNE FERROL' out of all Google+ Profiles (individuals).: 9,399 (GenderRankFor the gender 'not available'.: 10,207)
CircleRankThis is the rank of 'JUNE FERROL' out of all indexed profiles (individuals) and pages (businesses) at CircleCount.com.: 18,748
Followers: 20,939
Following: -
Views: 14,236,649
JUNE FERROL has been shared in 179.CGTalk
>
Software Specific Forums
>
Autodesk Maya
>
Maya Character Setup
> Paint weights problem
PDA
View Full Version :
Paint weights problem
markovicd
07-20-2007, 09:55 AM
hi everyone i have problem with paintweights tool... i select object and i start painting weights... i click on 1st joint... i paint it as i want it to be ... then i click on the 2nd joint ... paint it to... and then i return to 1st one and it same as it used to be... why is this happening ?
mindsample
07-20-2007, 12:12 PM
Because the influences affect each other. You have to lock the weightmap if you want it to not be affected by changes to other areas of the chain.
scroll-lock
07-20-2007, 01:16 PM
mmm yes, it could be that, but infact sometime there is really a bug with the paint weights tool. That`s exactly what`s happening: You paint the influences of a joint after that you just switch to another one and back to the first /even without painting anything on the second one/ and then the first is all messed up. The last time it occured to me was when I removed one joint from the influences. Then I couldn`t paint a sh**. I had to detach the skin and add the joints again for that to work. And by the way I`ve experienced this bug in 8.5 but not in 8. I really don`t know another solution for that... Detach and bind again, that`s the only way I could fix it. If anyone knows why it`s happening and can confirm the same bug I will be glad to hear a workaround.
CGTalk Moderation
07-20-2007,.You can use this site to check issues received and due, to update your subscription account details and marketing permissions, to renew your subscription, and to access subscriber-exclusive offers and competitions.
Simply log-in to My Account, using your surname and subscription number.
If you experience any difficulties logging on or using that area of the site, please contact customer services on 0844 543 8035 from the UK or +44 (0)1795 592 986 from overseas
Q. How do I renew my subscription?
A..Description
- MFG # 0380-120
- UPC # KM1090 chewable tablets.
Check with your physician to determine if your family is getting adequate vitamin D supplementation. A lab test is available to check your-3 1000 IU / 250%
Ingredients:
Vitamin D-3 a physician.
Precautions
Store in a cool dry place.
Keep out of the reach of children.
Allergy / Dietary Needs
- Artificial Color Free
- Artificial Flavor Free
- Casein Free
- Corn Free
- Egg Free
- Fish Free
- Gluten Free
- Hypoallergenic
- Milk Free
- Preservative Free
- Soy Free
- Starch Free
- Sugar Free
- Tree Nuts Free
- Wheat Free
- Yeast Free
Ratings & ReviewsReview This Item
Overall Rating for Vitamin D-3 1000 IU -Hypoallergenic - 120 Capsules
Displaying reviews 1-4 of 4
By R Miracle
from Milwaukee
1/26/2015
It helped raise my Vit D-3 Blood Levels!
Blood tests were in normal range, thanks to Vitamin D-3 by Kirkman.
Pros
Cons
√ I would recommend this item to a friend.
By Wisco832
from Milwaukee, WI
5/09/2014
Great product
My daughters doctor recommended Vitamin D3. Shes been taking for just a few weeks and I like that this product is hypoallergenic. Its also easy to open the capsules and mix the powder with food since my four year old cant swallow capsules yet.
√ I would recommend this item to a friend.
By JA
from orlando
11/19/2013
all natural no unnecessary fillers
great product to aid in increasing vit D to diet
√ I would recommend this item to a friend.
By Rock Smith
from Canton, GA
8/01/2013
The sunshine vitamin
Vitamin D-3 1000 IU -Hypoallergenic- is definitely one of the best products on the market! I take 2 capsule of Vitamin D3 everyday and I notice such a difference when I dont take it. Vitamin D3 naturally enhances my mood and is excellent bone support. Dont missSend this business listing as a text message to a mobile phone.
419 Waiakamilo Rd Ste D1, Honolulu, HI 96817
(808) 395-0135
Terms: The recipient of this text message may incur charges depending on their wireless carrier. Not all carriers are currently supported.
We're sorry, but the send to mobile service
is currently undergoing system maintenance.
Please try again later.Make PoliceOne your homepage
If you need further help setting your homepage, check your browser’s Help menu
New Version, New Features in the PoliceOne Academy
By Mike RayburnPoliceOne ContributorCops should NEVER search a vehicle alone. In fact, it should be every street cop’s motto, or creed, or mantra, to never conduct a vehicle search ...
Login using fields on the right to read the entire secure articleWWE News
- W.
-.
- WWE Divas Champion Kaitlyn’s mother was in attendance at Saturday night’s WWE Raw live event in Beaumont, Texas. The following is from Twitter:
#WWE Divas Champion @kaitlynwwe celebrated Mother’s Day early with her mom ringside in #WWEBeaumont tout.com/m/q0f2oo
— WWE (@WWE) May 12, 2013
Thank you #WWEBeaumont! This is why I love me some TEXAS.  gotten steadily worse…
— Bronson (@WWEBronson) May 11, 2013
…since October. 3 days ago I couldn’t walk, now I can walk without pain. Thank you to my friends and family who have supported me…
— Bronson (@WWEBronson) May 11, 2013
Through a very dark time. You have my eternal gratitude, love, respect and loyalty. I am grateful for you all, that’s it.
— Bronson (@WWEBronson) May 11, 2013
…recovery will take a while…ok I’m boring myself, go back to whatever you were doing.
— Bronson (@WWEBronson) May 11, 2013
 was amazing! twitter.com/Edyta_Sliwinsk…
— Edyta Sliwinska (@Edyta_Sliwinska) May 4, 2013
- Is Jim Ross mad at Josh Mathews for impersonating him on Smackdown last week? Here’s what JR wrote on Twitter:
For those asking, no I’m NOT angry @wwejoshmathews 4 impersonating me on SD. Happy 2 hear him speak up. Announcer interactions are show biz
— Jim Ross (@JRsBBQ) May 12, 2013
JR updated the blog section on his official website on Sunday at this link.
-
-.
- In celebration of Mother’s Day on Sunday Zack Ryder admitted that his mother still picks him up and takes him to the airport every week and washes his ring gear. Make fun of him all you want but I think that’s awesome. You can read Kofi Kingston,:
Up early for 6 hour drivr to @shawnmichaels ranch. Hunting dangerous feral, wild hogs using Muay Tai or a crossbow or sidearm. TBD. G’nite
— Jim Ross (@JRsBBQ) May 13, 2013
- WWE Champion John Cena is scheduled to defend his title against Ryback in a Last Man Standing match at Extreme Rules on Sunday. Did you know that Cena’s only loss at Extreme Rules (formerly known as One Night Stand) came in his debut? Below is a look back:
Rob Van Dam b. John Cena at One Night Stand on 6/11/06
John Cena b. The Great Khali at One Night Stand on 6/3/07
John Cena b. JBL at One Night Stand on 6/1/08
John Cena b. Big Show at Extreme Rules on 6/7/09
John Cena b. Batista at Extreme Rules on 4/25/10
John Cena b. The Miz & John Morrison at Extreme Rules on 5/1/11
John Cena b. Brock Lesnar at Extreme Rules on 4/29/12
WWE Extreme Rules 2013 will take place Sunday from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. Join us here at WrestlingNewsWorld.com for exclusive live play-by-play coverage.
H/T to the latest issue of WWE Magazine for the statistics.
-
- is set to be featured on the game’s cover and is expected back on television to help promote it this fall.
- Mysterio, who continues to deal with a knee injury following time off for a personal matter, wrote the following on Twitter:
I wanna take this time to THANK all my 917.1K followers for the support! Should B back in the ring soon!619Luv?
— Rey Mysterio (@reymysterio) May 13, 2013
- more matches have been added to the Extreme Rules lineup. Team Hell No will defend the WWE Tag Team Championship on the pay-per-view against Seth Rollins & Romain Reigns in a tag team tornado match. On the pre-show, The Miz will face Cody Rhodes.
Below is the updated lineup:
Last Man Standing Match for the WWE Championship
- John Cena © vs. Ryback
Steel Cage Match
- Triple H vs. Brock Lesnar w/Paul Heyman
No. 1 Contenders “I Quit” Match
- Alberto Del Rio w/Ricardo Rodriguez vs. Jack Swagger w/Zeb Colter
Extreme Rules Match
- Randy Orton vs. Big Show
Strap Match
- Sheamus vs. Mark Henry
WWE United States Championship Match
- Kofi Kingston © vs. Dean Ambrose
Tag Team Tornado Match for the WWE Tag Team Championship
- Team Hell No © vs. Roman Reigns & Seth Rollins
Singles Match
- Fandango vs. Chris Jericho
Pre-Show Match
- Cody Rhodes vs. The Miz
WWE Extreme Rules 2013 will take place Sunday from the Scottrade Center in St. Louis, Missouri. We’ll have exclusive live play-by-play coverage here at WreslingNewsWorld.com.
-:
.@wwe, your fans expect wrestling.You promote dancing.Then you give them neither.#Raw
— Wrestling News World (@wnwnews) May 14, 2013
You can watch the segment at this link.
-.
-.
- Brandon Carter, who worked as TAC, spoke to the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal about his WWE release earlier this.
- The Pitch out of Kansas City, Missouri has a new article online featuring quotes from Cody Rhodes. Below is an excerpt:
Idea for the mustache:
Well, my fiancée is sitting right next to me, and she hates the mustache. So I don’t know if it’s as fantastic as you say, but thank you very much..
- Jim Ross has a new blog entry available on his official website where he discusses hog hunting with Shawn Michaels, Extreme Rules and other things. In it, JR makes it clear which match he feels should close Sunday’s pay-per.
- We.
- 
— Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) May 17, 2013
- Michelle McCool is launching a new vlog this summer. You can watch a trailer at this link.
-..
Performances by Cults and Lord Huron
DJ set by Victoria Bergsman (Taken By Trees)
Visuals by Emmett Malloy
This summer, MOCA brings together a diverse group of musicians and artists for PLAY MOCA, a collaborative multimedia festival in celebration of Los Angeless cultural vitality and diversity. COCO, an L.A. based design group, including alumni from SCI-ARC, L.A.'s internationally renowned architecture school, will help transform the museum courtyard into an enveloping and otherworldly performance space. PLAY MOCA is presented by SMASHBOX COSMETICS and curated by IAMSOUND and IO ECHO.
GET TICKETS>>
MOCA Member tickets on sale 8/10, General Public 8/17
All events are FREE
RSVP required, capacity is limited.. will highlight the early years of untested artistic experimentations and conclude in the mid-1970s before Land art becomes a fully institutionalized category.
This.A Lobster Dealers Worse Fear!
It Could Happen!
It Could Happen!
Beverly Farms, MA – The North of Boston Arts Center (NOBAC) will be hosting their first open house on September 2 from 5-7 pm at the Hastings House in Beverly Farms. This event will be held in conjunction with Hastings House members and will give parents, families and prospective members a chance to meet with the NOBAC and Hastings House staff and board. Attendees can also learn about this Fall’s schedule of art, music, theater and cooking classes; tour the Hastings House facilities; and enjoy refreshments as they mingle.
NOBAC after school arts classes are available at the Hastings House on Monday-Thursday from 4-6 pm for children ages 5-13, beginning September 7th. In addition to the after school arts program, NOBAC also puts on two musical productions every year in the Spring and the Fall. This Fall’s production is The Tale of the Oysta: a seafaring Whoops, which was written entirely by students in Henry Allen’s Playwrights Unite! class this summer, is based on about 20 songs by Cole Porter and George & Ira Gershwin.
This young nonprofit was founded in May of 2008 by Beverly local, Bonnie Rynkowski, with the hopes of giving children a creative outlet and direction in any area of interest – from visual arts and crafts to jazz, opera and organic cooking.
Over the last year, NOBAC has seen a considerable amount of growth with the addition of Manchester-By-The-Sea resident Henry Allen, its artistic director who has directed the shows that NOBAC students perform in the Spring and Fall, and is a member of the core faculty.
Faculty member and local business owner, Jessica Brand, is excited about the growth she has seen at NOBAC over the last year:
“I remember this time last year when we had two or three kids in each class and only a handful of parents getting involved. This year we have seen so many families really get excited about NOBAC and the invaluable experience we’re providing for their kids. We hope that this open house will only help us expand our community and open up more opportunities for us to reach out to local kids who are interested in the arts.”
The Hastings House is located in Beverly Farms across from the Train Station at 14 Oak Street.
For more information on NOBAC and its list of fall classes, visit theNOBAC.org, call NOBAC-8-0033 (662-228-0033), or email info@thenobac.org
Gloucester Poet Laureate, Ruthanne (Rufus) Collinson will open Celebrate Gloucester with a world premiere poem written especially for the occasion. Having been recently appointed Gloucester ’s Poet Laureate, Ms. Collinson agreed to prepare a poem specifically for the opening of this historic concert and celebration, which immediately follows Gloucester ’s annual Schooner Festival on Sunday September 5th.
Following Ms. Collinson’s poem at 3pm will be 7 hours of music featuring local rising stars and culminating with national recording artist Roomful of Blues followed by Grammy-Award-wining saxophonist Charles Neville, who joins Henri Smith and his band New Orleans Friends & Flavours featuring Stanton Davis.
Tiickets and info at
Preschool &Youth Soccer Leagues
(Dyno-Mite ages 3.5-5) 9:00AM*
(Mites- Grades K-1st) 10:00AM*
Fee: Members $50 Community $75
It’s never too early to start learning soccer! Join us Saturday morning as we continue on with our Youth Sport Leagues. Each soccer league is age specific and will help to teach the game of Soccer. Participants will be instructed on the fundamentals of soccer including dribbling, passing and shooting. Players will be placed on teams with volunteer coaches. Team Tee Shirts will be distributed on the first day of play. League begins September 11th. Registrations are due September 1st. The league is 7 weeks long.
For more information see the parents or coaches handbook located at the front desk. All those interested in coaching are asked to join us for a meeting on September 7th at the YMCA at 6:00p.m. For more information contact Katy Milne at milnek@northshoreymca.org.
*You will be notified no later then September 8th for schedule. Schedules and times are decided on how many registrations we receive. Times are subject to change!
Katy Milne | Youth & Sports Director
Cape Ann YMCA
71 Middle Street | Gloucester, MA 01930
Hi.
Ok, Help me out here!
WTF IS THIS!
Is it a Tall Rat? A Fisher Cat? Or just a poor Ferrat let go by its irresponsible owner?
Photos taken at the State Fish Pier.
I’ve had lens lust for a while now for the Nikon AF Micro Nikkor 60mm f/2.8. I couldn’t justify paying $500 for it, so I checked out the auctions on Ebay and found several of these lenses. I watched the bidding, and they seemed to go for around $275. I knew that my limit was $250. After getting outbid on four auctions, I persevered and won last night for $236.50! Happy girl!!!!
Click on the photo for more info on this lens.
This is one of the top three weekends to visit Gloucester IMO. We usually have clear dry weather and the schooners are just gorgeous to go aboard. If you haven’t already got tickets to go aboard the Thomas Lannon I’d call Kay in the office ADSAP and make arrangements. Captain Tom will show you a great time and tell you all about the Schooners in port as you glide around Gloucester Harbor. Check out The Thomas Lannon Website here for details on how to get tickets for a cruise.
If you haven’t been to watch a Roller Derby Bout featuring our own Boston Derby Dames then you have missed out on watching the number one dollar for dollar entertainment value in the State of Massachusetts. Roller derby is fast paced, action packed, semi violent, the skaters are friendly and you don’t need to be a rocket science to enjoy the sport. For more info about the Boston Derby Dames click here
We’ve covered The Boston Derby Dames for the past two years first finding out about it through Krush Puppy, a local who kills it on the flat track! Once I went to my first bout I was hooked. So when Krush asked if they could shoot the 2011 calendar down at the dock I told her I think it would be a perfect fit. The team’s image is tough and blue collar and the mascot is Pinchy McMasshole a giant foam lobster- what place would be better than right here at Captain Joe and Sons!For a second, I was all set to compile a follow-up to yesterday’s post, since the number of sample-able film scores is never-ending. But that started to feel a bit like a lazy double-dip as I started writing. The vibe that buzzed through the comments section was so damn cool, though; it’d be a shame to not keep the good vibes flowing.
So I sat back, swigged a bit of Blue Moon beer (hold the orange) and racked the brain, joggled the memory, hoping to recall a few rock songs worthy of potential chopping and looping. This all started with Earl Klugh’s “A Time for Love,” and how The Rza exhibited his A-game while flipping Klugh’s airy guitars into the ubiquitous Raekwon classic “Ice Cream.”
“It couldn’t be all that hard,” I figured; as a wee lad, my parents used to bump vintage rock on the regular, everything from The Doors to Journey to The Guess Who, with healthy portions of ZZ Top and Credence Clearwater Revival on the side. I’ll never forget how Jim Morrison’s warped poetry on The Doors’ “Celebration of the Lizard” sent chills down my spine—that was the first record I went back to on this quest to call out hip-hop-ready rock songs.
On my way to trusty YouTube, however, I recalled another trippy soundbed that once gave me a similar sense of unease: English rock gods Pink Floyd’s Dark Side of the Moon (1973), one of the medium’s most initially inaccessible and rewarding-of-patience LPs. The pinnacle of “requires multiple listening” music. The first time I heard the album in its entirety was also an instance when I succumbed to pop culture tomfoolery.Rooney appointed chairman of Irish American University Executive CommitteeAmerican College Delaware in Lewes to offer classes Sept. 2014
Dr. Joseph Rooney, who, along with other members of the Rooney family, has been involved for many years with several Irish charitable organizations, has agreed to serve as chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Trustees of Irish American University.
He and his father, Patrick Rooney, have been associated with the university since its foundation in Dublin, Ireland, 20 years ago as American College Dublin by Lynn University of Boca Raton, Fla.
Today, it is an international institution with students from all over the world. It has two constituent colleges, American College Dublin in Ireland and American College Delaware in Lewes, which is presently receiving applications for its charter class, scheduled to commence in September 2014.
Prior to serving as a trustee of the university, Rooney served as the academic dean of American College Dublin in the 1990s, at a time when the institution was still a subsidiary of Lynn University. In the course of his interactions with the Irish-American communities in the United States and Ireland, he has developed strong relationships with Irish-American educators, as well as educational alliances with colleges and universities in other parts of the world. During his educational career, he also served as dean of the School of Hospitality Management at Lynn University. Rooney is the author of several books and publications.
After graduating from the Haverford School in Pennsylvania, Rooney attended Indiana University of Pennsylvania where he was awarded a bachelor of arts degree. He received a master of science degree at Florida International University and his doctorate at Nova Southeastern University.
Presently, Rooney is vice president of Boru Leisure Services LLC, a family business in West Palm Beach, Fla. He is the grandson of the late Art Rooney, the founder of the Pittsburgh Steelers, and his uncle, Dan Rooney, was the American ambassador to Ireland.
For information about Irish American University, visit.Humboldt Hotsauce has added another award to its collection with a second place win in the hot category at the Louisiana Hot Sauce Expo and World Hot Sauce Awards for its Habanero-Mango hot sauce.
Cal Ferris, co-founder of Humboldt Hotsauce, joined hot sauce giants from 16 different countries in Louisiana and presented the hot sauce to about 80 judges of some of the biggest names in the business.
"I was kind of unprepared, because I didn't think we were going to win," Ferris said. "I was really surprised when we won, and it gave me a feeling of worth and self-confidence to make more hot sauces, grow the company and work with more kinds of peppers."
Dan Bixler, co-founder of the company, said the hot sauce won for its heat and flavors.
"This was the seventh award for Humboldt Hotsauce, and we went up against companies from all over the world," Bixler said. "Cal worked really hard, and I think he probably felt very honored and recognized. I mean, there were people who have been doing this for 30-plus years there competing."
Humboldt Hotsauce began in an Oregon cafe when Ferris served the Habanero-Mango hot sauce as a condiment. The company expanded into a full-sized business when Bixler told Ferris about his website, humboldthotsauce.com. The longtime friends officially started the business in 2010.
"We got involved in the culture of hot sauce festivals when we started going to shows in New Mexico and Texas," Bixler said.
The newest award coincides with six other recent awards for Humboldt Hotsauce, including two 2014 Scovie Awards for their island-style and Habanero-Mango sauces and another three from TheHotPepper.com.
Ferris said the awards have continued to give the company recognition and help it reach across the nation and into Fred Meyers in Washington and Oregon, as well as Bed Bath & Beyond stores in a dozen locations.
"The goal is to continue spreading into stores on both the East and West coasts," Ferris said. "We're figuring that if we do well in Fred Meyer, which is owned by Kroger's, they may let us expand into some of their other stores."
For now, Ferris is continuing to experiment with peppers and recently worked with Cafe Nooner to create the Smokin' Hot Nooner hot sauce.
"What I'm really excited about is the Trinidadian scorpion pepper hot sauce I'm working on," Ferris said. "It was the hottest pepper in the world until Ed Currie, owner of Pucker Butt Pepper Co. in South Carolina, bred the Carolina reaper — which is ungodly hot. I think this is great because we have Trinidad here, and it's in the name of the pepper."
Ferris added that the business is fun because the peppers all have different tastes.
"I've always said hot sauce is great to put on all foods," Ferris said. "It's also good for joints and circulation, and it has so many other health benefits."
Contact Melissa Simon at 441-0508. American League,acoby Ellsbury singled with one out in the 10th off Chamberlain and stole second. Victorino held up on a half-swing, West ruled, and lined a single that sent Ellsbury scooting home. Right fielder Ichiro he.
Notes
• The Oakland Athletics activated catcher Derek Norris from the disabled list on Thursday.
Norris had been out since Aug. 20 with a broken left big toe. He spent three games in the minors on a rehab assignment, hitting .429 with two home runs and four runs batted in.
• A restaurant group ended its ties with suspended Brewers slugger Ryan Braun.
SURG Restaurant Group said in a statement it will change the name of the 8-Twelve MVP Bar & Grill in the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield. “Eight” is Braun’s jersey number, while “twelve” refers to the number worn by quarterback Aaron Rodgers with the Green Bay Packers.
•.
•.
•.
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times.On Sat, May 31, 2008 at 6:22 PM, Jim Snow <jsnow at cs.pdx.edu> wrote: >. One minor technicality is that you don't actually use k separate hash tables. You use k separate hash functions, and hash using different functions into the same physical table with a goal of having approximately half of the bits in the table set when all of your data is hashed.Ramada San Luis Obispo, San Luis Obispo
- Free continental breakfast, free WiFi, and free parking
Main amenities
- 60)
Ramada was okay for the price the the location of the hotel
Lower rates would have been appreciated...
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-266-9798from $78 CAD
- Suite, 1 King Bed
- Standard Room, 1 King Bed
- Standard Room, 1 King Bed, Accessible
- Standard Room, 2 Queen Beds
- Suite, 1 King Bed
Recommended hotels
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 60
- Holiday Inn Express Grover BeachFrom
"Great place to get away for some R&R after a two week road trip. Pool was a little dirty but over all grounds very clean."May 10, 2015
- Inn At Morro BayFrom
"very tranquil, beautiful location Pool wasn't heated. Hot tub compensated. Small bathroom (shower only). Well manicured gardens. Main lodge/dining room under construction. Will be…"Apr 12, 2015
-
Nearby hotels
Special features
DiningBon Temps Creole Cafe - This restaurant specializes in Cajun/Creole cuisine and serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Ramada San Luis Obispo,April 15, 2015
Dear Incoming/Transfer Student-Athletes and Parents,
Welcome to the University of Minnesota! The Athletic Medicine Unit is committed to providing our student-athletes with the best possible medical coverage. Please take the time to review all the information about out exceptional Athletic Medicine staff and our procedures and policies regarding athletic injuries and medical insurance. Also be sure to review the information regarding the University's insurance requirements. We are always available to assist student-athletes and parents with any questions pertaining to medical services and insurance requirements.
The following forms are necessary to initiate the medical clearance process. These forms are to be printed and completed (clicking on the name of the form will take you to the form):
After completion, these forms need to be sent to us for processing on or before August 1, 2015
Mail completed forms to: Deb Canfield Bierman Athletic Medicine 516-15th Ave. SE, Room 190 Minneapolis, MN 55455
Any student-athlete who wishes to practice or compete must provide proof of health insurance prior to the first day of practice. Also note that all new student-athletes must have a pre-participation exam prior to practice or competition. Please contact your sport specific Certified Athletic Trainer to arrange a pre-participation physical exam.,AtSea Design, LLC.We're a Hockessin, Delaware based digital design company. A group of propeller heads with a combined 60 years experience coding for the web.
Theta Media Group, Inc.Established in 1977, Theta Media Group is a full-service content creation house featuring a complete multitrack recording studio with post production and mastering; video production, editing and DVD authoring; graphic/web design and typesetting studio.
Concrete Scanning Services Pty LtdWe provide the construction industry with accurate underground and concrete utility locating and mapping service through industry leading Ground Penetrating Radar Technology (GPR) and precision Pipe & Cable Locators.
Web$39We are a Company the focuses on helping small businesses build online presence.
Excel Premium Domains | - 1 followersExcel Premium Domains - Find the domain name you really want, search over 40 categories of hand picked quality domains for sale. Buy your domain name online safely and secure your perfect name today. See if we have the right domain name for you...
Cheshire HostCheshire Host provide various internet hosting services including VPS Servers
Easy WebContent, Inc.Easy WebContent is an online web based application that makes updating and editing web sites available to anyone who owns or has a web site – easy. The program is available online and it works with nearly all HTML based websites.
Pine River RanchPine River Ranch is a 22 acre wedding venue in Leavenworth, Washington nestled between mountains, rivers and fields. Your ceremony is back dropped by the Cascade Mountains and our restored dairy barn is the perfect reception location for your wedding day.
Base Media - 1 followersBase Media focuses on the delivery of digital media. Our past services have included web and multimedia development. Our current focus area is the management of our Network Sites such as Console Database and Deals United..
Meyer Computer, Inc. web design and hosting company is dedicated to your success, promising high levels of customer service and communication. We specialize in IDX solutions, search engine marketing, paid placement and social networking.
Orbit Office WebdesignA Orbit Office é uma empresa voltada a projetos otimizados e estratégicos em comunicação visual, foca seus serviços nas áreas de design e principalmente webdesign, personalizando e planejando sites para sua empresa.
Maurice GMBHABOUT MAURICE GMBH
Established in February 2011, Maurice Gmbh develops programs to useful modeling device to get web pages
Additional information on the corporation and its services please visit its web site at
Proof CreativeWeb Design Adelaide Graphic Design Adelaide Branding - Proof Creative is an Adelaide based design studio that offers brand development, web design, and graphic design services Australia-wide - Adelaide Website Designers Adelaide Graphic
Exon IT“Exon IT” was founded in July 2008.Company’s main line of activity is software development , web-design, GIS applications, Apple applications development.
We use:
php, C++, C#, java, objective C,
html, css, flash
Video Games And ExtraEven during a season of rapidly progressing software for the gaming industry, a founder has decided to bring a new twist with the launch of a unique site: VideoGamesAndExtra.com. The site also features electronics such as TVs, Computers, Consoles, & more.
ColinNet Sdn BhdColin is the online meeting place for Buyers requiring logo, website, print and graphic design services and freelance Designers, helping Buyers and Designers come up with designs which are suitable for both the production floor and the marketplace.
Pegasus Ventures MichiganPegasus Ventures sells restaurant guest checks, napkin wraps, cash register rolls, food rotation labels, and develops web sites for business. The Grand Rapids, Michigan web designer is known for its low prices and excellent services.
The Affiliate Marketeer.
Solid CommunicationsCreative copywriting and social media management for entrepreneurs and small businesses.
EtherCycleA Chicago Illinois based web design agency specializing in the small business community. Free site analysis's and proposals available upon request.
Marketing VelocityMarketing Velocity specializes in marketing businesses to their customers locally online.
Their goal is to double their clients profits using online techniques.
UpDezign.comA premium shopping resources specialized in fashion, clothing, jewelry, gifts, decor, lifestyle, electronics, gifts for men and women. For online retailers and brands, it is Free to register and showcase your best designs.
Mount ConstructionMount Construction Co., Inc. provides total site improvement solutions from clearing through final landscaping.
IntheBillionsEmpowerism, GDI, and Plug-In Profit Site help you every step of the way. We don't just help you start, we do all the work for you so you can start making big money RIGHT NOW!
Etoiles RussesEtoiles Russes est un site de rencontre réalisé par un couple franco-russe. Le but est d'aider à la réalisation de couples internationaux heureux. Nous offrons donc la possibilité à des français de dialoguer avec des femmes russes, ukrainiennes...
revisitorsRevisitors is an online company that boosts traffic to sites so that more people get to know them. It has been bringing people highly targeted traffic since 1998.They believe that Traffic is the lifeblood of online businesses.
Web OverhaulsBased in Cupertino, California, Web Overhauls is a leader in the implementation and promotion of web standards and web accessibility. Since late 2005, the small web development company focuses on improving existing web sites as well as creating new ones.
Be Yourself Beauty featuring Motives CosmeticsBe Yourself Beauty is an on-site Wedding, Bridal and Special Occasion beauty service provider. We provide on location, makeup application & hair styling services for your special day. 860-289-8191 Serving New England since 1995.CRIMINAL JUSTICE DEPARTMENT Organizational Chart PRESIDENT: Dr. David Haynes-Interim Ms. Theresa Nease Executive Assistant Ms. Laura Glover Administrative Assistant Ms. Marlina Martinez Administrative Assistant PROVOST for Academic Affairs: Dr. Paul Lang Ms. Linda Hares Administrative Assistant-Academic Affairs Ms. Debbie Violetta Administrative Assistant- Academic Personal Services ASSOCIATE PROVOST for Student Services: Dr. Bill Bernard Ms. Keri Mohr Principal Secretary II DEAN of the College of Health Sciences and Professional Studies: Dr. Harvey Wallace (Interim) Ms. Kathy Maki Principal Secretary II DEPARTMENT HEAD: Dr. Charles Mesloh Ms. Diana K. Waters Principal Secretary FACULTY: Professor Robert Hanson (LPM Coordinator) Dr. Michael Harrington Dr. Gloria Urban Dr. Gregory Warchol Dr. Kevin Waters STUDENT ASSISTANT(S): Tanner SheppardMovies
Dance Party USA
Web Site:
Description: Apathetic 17-year-old Gus hangs around doing nothing with his buddyBill most of the time. Gus likes to tell half-true stories about all the girls he's slept with and all the drugs he's done. Jessica is 17.
Movie summaries and listings powered by Cinema-Source- Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
India Inc. is losing millions of rupees in potential revenue every year because of power cuts, a new survey reveals.
Economy & Business
India Inc. is losing millions of rupees in potential revenue every year because of power cuts, a new survey reveals.
The blackout that India experienced yesterday took place across an area where some 680 million people live – almost 10% of the world’s population.
But a good portion of those Indians may not have noticed they were experiencing the blackout that folks across the globe were reading about. Read More »
Massive power outages on Monday and Tuesday laid bare India’s ramshackle electricity supply infrastructure, but it seems the country’s smaller neighbors have also had to contend with their share of power problems. »
Instead of waiting for the public electricity grid to arrive, rural India may want to look at other options, from solar lanterns to small local grids fired by agricultural waste. Read More ». Read More »
Though India was once a rising Asian giant, foreign investors are becoming increasingly bearish on the country. The WSJ’s Deborah Kan talks to Paul Beckett about why India is no match to China. Read More »
About 56% of households in rural India have no access to electricity, but generating power locally and supplying it through distribution channels which already exist in rural areas can help solve this, according to a World Bank report released Tuesday. Read More ». Read More »
It’s not often that the analyst community comes together to have unanimity of opinion on a stock. It’s even more rare when they are judging an initial public offering..What We Do
Utah Small Business Growth Initiative creates jobs and stabilizes Utah's neighborhoods by providing growing businesses with access to capital. We offer early stage investment capital and will guarantee or participate in loans alongside other financial institutions.
Parent Organization
Utah Small Business Growth Initiative is a subsidiary company of Utah Center for Neighborhood Stabilization.
May 3, 2000 David Bowie has been invited to headline the closing night of the UK's preeminent music celebration, the Glastonbury Festival, Sunday, June 25, which marks its 30th anniversary this year. For Bowie, who will be joined by fellow headliners the Chemical Brothers and Travis, the massive three-day outdoors event will have special significance since he performed on the festival's inaugural bill back in 1970. Bowie's band will include guitarist Earl Slick, who supported Bowie on both 1974's "Diamond Dogs Tour" and
1983's "The Serious Moonlight Tour." Slick also played on three of Bowie's albums: 1974's Young Americans, 1975's David Live and 1976's Station to Station. In preparation for the Glastonbury show, it's rumored that Bowie will play a few surprise gigs in the New York area in June. Meanwhile, a special "American Psycho Remix" of "Something in the Air" a song from Bowie's most recent Virgin Records release Hours is featured in the controversial new film American Psycho and its soundtrack album. This continues Bowie's history of his songs being featured in films: most recently, Earthling's "Dead Man Walking" (in The Saint) plus Outside's "The Heart's Filthy Lesson" (Seven) and "I'm Deranged" (David Lynch's Lost Highway).
Send this page to a friend Join our mailing list Current stories ClassifiedsInsomniac launch FTP title Global Resistance
Can’t wait to get your Chimera kicking action on? Well Insomniac might have a little something for you to pass the time with.
In support of their upcoming title, Resistance 3, Insomniac have let loose a nice little RISK’esque free to play game. In the game you choose to either play as the Chimera or the Resistance. Further play of the game will slowly unlock items for use within the retail PS3 title. Things like multiplayer skins and XP boosts are on offer here.
Simply head over to the site and use either your Facebookor PSN login details to join in the fun. Resistance 3 hits the stores on 6th (US), 8th (Aus) or 9th (EU/UK) of September 2011.
A brief trailer for Global Resistance can be found here below:.Thread
:
Goku vs Superman
05-22-2005, 05:47 PM
#
81
super saiyan x
Banned User
Join Date: May 2005
Posts: 345
Re: Goku vs Superman
Quote:
Originally Posted by
AmbientFire
SuperSaiyan, Pre-crisis Superman is NOT the most powerful version of superman by a longshot, and Rjddler, you might also want to take a look at this - Goku is powerful bu i knw there have been opponents that were not affected by his SSj4 kamehameha (i forget the particular opponents name, but he was destroyed by some sort of precipitation and not the kamehameha- really weird)
It's obvious to me that you have no absolute knowledge of what dragonball z/gt is so my statement still stands lol. Can your superman beat someone like kid buu who has the power to rip holes through other dimensions....guess again.
While Superman is a God in DC, this battle is all about desire. Superman is a hero, he doesn't fight 'good guys'. And Goku isn't exactly a villain. So while Superman will insist that there's no reason to fight, Goku likes fighting, the stronger the better, and he won't have any problems beating Supes black and blue.
Superman does have the advantage of being infalliable and NEVER losing, Goku's not so lucky, he got a sound thrashing from Vegeta the first time they went head to head, and got his ass handed to him by Cell. But Goku does fight stronger villians. Has Superman ever faced guys like Freiza or Brolli? No! He faces idiots like Darkseid, who use complicated plans and stupid henchmen to try take over Earth. If his Omega Beams are so damn powerful, why doesn't he just kill Superman and be done with it? Darkseid wouldn't last two seconds against someone like Goku. And Superman would be murdered by a guy like Brolli.
Superman has a clear advantage when it comes to strength however, but it won't be much of a factor once goku goes super saiyan. Superman can lift planets, and bounce bullets off his chest, but Goku knows how to battle...believe me when i say this, Goku can produce earth shattering punches. He's been doing it since he was a kid. Superman's offense consists entirly of punching really hard and using heat vision. Goku's arsenal is almost unlimited, and he packs a combitnation of speed and strength, that Superman has never encountered before. And as a bonus he has no stupid weakness, like kryptonite, to exploit.
But in the end the man of steel's downfall will be his humongous ego. For all his vaunted speed has Superman ever dodged a blow? Blocked anything? NO! He just stands around while his weak ass foes attacks just bounce off him. He'll just stand there confident that his super powers will let him win like always, while Goku smacks him around like Supes has never been smacked before. I'd like to see him try and bounce a Kame Hame Ha off his chest. Idiot.
Unless Superman has some new power that will tell him Goku will be his best friend if offered food(and given his scope of powers it's quite possible), Superman doesn't stand a chance. By the way.....your new superman sounds like a solar-powered battery. Superman really doesn't change in the future lmao. Goku only has to obliterate the sun from existence...
End of story!!!
The God like Goku (After absorbing the dragonballs) vs superman prime
Winner: ....And the winner is Goku...who has the power to give life and also take it away.
Last edited by super saiyan x; 05-22-2005 at
08:42 PM
.
super saiyan x(FORTUNE Magazine) - Look up "retire" in Webster's and the first definition is "to withdraw, as for rest or seclusion" - or maybe for just going fishing. But more and more, people
bowing out of long corporate careers are doing anything but. AARP surveys show that 70%.
Amy Hilliard, 53
Founder and CEO, Comfort Cake Co., Chicago
Was Senior vice president, marketing, L'Oreal USA (Charts)
How she got the new gig
Hilliard's pound cakes were so famous among friends, they'd beg her to bring a cake or two to parties - even if she couldn't stay. A light bulb went on in the brain of this Harvard
MBA and product-development veteran. Hilliard quit L'Oreal, sold her house, and rededicated her life to making what she calls "pound cake so good, it feels like a hug."
Making money?
Yes. United Airlines once bought 550,000 individually wrapped slices. The cake is also sold at stores in Illinois and online (). Try the Luscious Lemon.
Clarence "Chuck" Wildes, 56
Founder and president, Rolling Wheels Training Center, Kansas City, Mo.
Was Engineering manager, Sprint (Charts)
Now Runs a motorcycle riding school in Missouri.
How he got the new gig
Wildes learned to ride in his teens, and in his 30s worked as a weekend riding instructor as a hobby. When Sprint laid him off at age 52, he raided his 401(k) to launch Rolling
Wheels. "My account balance was down so low," he recalls, "I started calling it my 101(k)." Three years later, Rolling Wheels has more than 800 students, 20 instructors, and three
full-time employees, including Chuck's wife, Pat.
Enough that Wildes has been scouting locations in Florida to open a second school. Who will run that one? "Well, I want to manage it from September to May and send Pat down there from
June through August," he says. "But so far she's not buying it."
What he rides
A 2002 1,800cc, six-cylinder Honda Goldwing touring bike, "but we've also got 14 training bikes and eight loaners, so I can always find something to sit on."
Tattoos
None.
Carlene Reinhart, 73
Professional nature photographer, Vienna, Va.
Was Manager, computer-based training, Xerox
A lifelong swimmer, she tried underwater photography in 1995 while on vacation in Fiji - and was hooked on the gemlike colors of anemones, parrotfish, and coral reefs. She has since
branched out into shooting landscapes, houses, and faces.
Why she loves it
"Sometimes just the way the dew on a certain flower looks, close up at dusk, can take your breath away," she says. "I've learned to look at light. When the light is exactly right and
you know you've got something, it's exciting."
Most thrilling Kodak (Charts) moment
Taking pictures of battling lions from a Land Rover in South Africa's Londolozi Game Reserve. "It was heartstopping."
Yes. She sells her wares online () and at craft markets and gallery showings around Washington, D.C. "I love doing this," Reinhart says. "But I wouldn't trade all
those years I spent in corporate America for anything. It has all been a blast."
Jamie Jaffee, 50
Founder and CEO, Jamie Jaffee Enterprises, Boston
Was Executive vice president, private wealth management, Fidelity Investments
Now Runs a consulting firm that brings together nonprofits and donors. She also coaches businesspeople who want to make the leap to the nonprofit world.
At Fidelity, Jaffee spent her career working as a go-between for nonprofits and philanthropists. She started Fidelity's charitable gift fund, now the largest in the U.S.
"It's so exciting to see the public becoming aware of these vibrant cultural resources," she says. "Exhibitions that used to attract 50 people now draw closer to 1,000."
Proud achievements
Building buzz for the Fuller Craft Museum in Brockton, Mass., whose operating budget has doubled in the past year; wooing corporate and individual donors to help expand the DeCordova
Museum in Lincoln, Mass., where she serves as a trustee.
So what's with the giant baby?
It's by Nina Levy - yes, it's a little controversial - and sits on the roof of the DeCordova.
Jim Stevens, 59
Founder and CEO, Dutcher Crossing Winery, Healdsburg, Calif.
Was COO,Coca-Cola Enterprises (Charts). Back in the
1970s, co-founded a venture that became the first U.S. importer of Perrier.
Stevens has always loved wine and bought 35 acres in Sonoma County in 2001, planted vines, and hired a full-time winemaker. Stevens financed the venture with his and a partner's
savings and investments from friends.
Typical day
Stevens and his wife, Linda, play host to a constant crowd of visitors. "It's more work than people usually picture when they think of retirement," says Stevens. "A couple thousand
people come through our tasting room every month. It's all about tasting and enjoying and hospitality. You promote your product by throwing parties."
Vacation time
Lots. Until the end of July, Stevens and Linda are away on a ten-week cruise around the world.
Amazingly, yes. After a year in business, Dutcher Crossing is profitable, thanks to a middleman-free business model: It sells direct to wine lovers, mostly online.
But is the wine any good?
17 competitive medals and counting.Show moreless
This property allows you to book online with a credit card. After submitting a reservation request, the owner or manager has 24 hours to accept, at which time your card will be charged and you will receive an email confirmation
Nazareth Bay Vacation Rentals Show this location only Back to top
- Villa Mirino - Ocean Front East End Luxury Residence 5 Bedrooms 4.5 Bathrooms Sleeps 10 Nazareth Bay #3644344ha
- $1,695 - $2,295 per night 5-8 night min stay
- $686 - $986 per night 5-10 night min stay
- $686 - $986 per night 5-7 night min stay
- Sans Sou Sea, St. Thomas Sunset View 4 Bedrooms 5 Bathrooms Sleeps 10 Nazareth Bay #171002
- Larimar at Stonehouse, Quiet Waterfront View! 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Sleeps 2 Nazareth Bay #140845
- Seaglass at Stonehouse, Waterfront Above Secret Hbr. Caribbean Style 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Sleeps 2 Nazareth Bay #256505
- Anniversary, Birthday Summer Special! 7th nt. Free! 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Sleeps 2 Nazareth Bay #286541
- Beautiful Vacation Rental Apartment Located in Red-Hook Quarters, St. Thomas, VI 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Sleeps 3 Nazareth Bay #558615
- $350 - $450 per night 5 night min stay
- Luxury 2 Bedroom, 2.5 Bath Condo at the Ritz Carlton 2 Bedrooms 2.5 Bathrooms Sleeps 6 Nazareth Bay #682333
- Blue Serenity - Spacious 1 Level Villa with Gym, Pool & Panoramic Ocean Vistas 5 Bedrooms 5 Bathrooms Sleeps 10 Nazareth Bay #3930683ha
- Ritz Carlton Club St. Thomas -3 BR-3.5BA Unit 3102 & 2 BR 2.5 Units 5102 & 5201 3 Bedrooms 3 Bathrooms Sleeps 8 Nazareth Bay #3859751ha
- Wyndham St. Thomas, a Margaritaville Vacation Club Resort 1 Bedroom 1 Bathroom Sleeps 2 Nazareth Bay #696682
- $620 per night 2 night min stay
Featured Destinations: The Villages, Rosemary Beach, Destin Condo Rentals, Amelia Island, Myrtle Beach, Outer BanksEnjoy the best photos of Erbaut , his landscapes, monuments, men, women and girls. Visit other towns and cities province,
region or state Hainaut Province du Hainaut. See zip code, number of inhabitants, coordinates, restaurants and hotels
Join Erbaut group G+ 1, Please Share in facebook, twitter and Gogle +
These are photos taken by their neighbors and tourists, In the vicinity of the following coordinates, latitude and longitude 50.53333,3.88333 and in order of the most visited. It is therefore possible that no images of what you are looking for is displayed. On this same page you can access the google map of Erbaut and Street View Google
Erbaut and Hainaut province, provinciaDU trying to replace Lalonde with Lassonde, the longtime UNH goalie coach
Former DU assistant Derek Lalonde during a game last season.
The DU hockey team is trying to hit a home run with Derek Lalonde’s successor as assistant coach/goalies. According to multiple sources, the Pioneers are dangling the job in front of longtime New Hampshire goalie coach David Lassonde.
Lassonde, who.
Lassonde, who is scheduled to interview at Denver on Wednesday or Thursday, was born in Rochester, N.H., where he played high-school hockey before going to Providence. No idea why he would want to move west after all this time on the East Coast, but nothing surprises me after Bill Tierney made the big move two years ago.
Meanwhile, Lalonde was introduced as head coach of the United States Hockey League’s Green Bay Gamblers today. I spoke with him over the phone about his move to North America’s premier junior-A league and will have a blog post about our conversation soon. Lalonde is NOT one of my sources about the Lassonde coup. He declined to comment about his possible successor, only saying that the position would be attractive to any coach in North America.
Keep tabs with Mike Chambers on Twitter: @MChambersDP
Read more of Mike Chambers at All Things Avs.
Article CommentsYummsh’s Favorites
1
2 votes cast
Mojave Morning by LoreleiPhoto with Moxi
Yummsh has not updated their status recently.
No tags yet...
Only Yummsh's favorite artists and friends can post to this wall. You can add a post if you become friends with them.
Join Zivity now to join the conversation.
Thank you for your votes!!! You rock. xxxxxxxRALEIGH – The N.C. Department of Transportation will temporarily close the left lane of the bridge on eastbound U.S. 17/74/76 over the Brunswick River in Leland beginning at 9 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 13 and ending at 5 a.m. on Friday, Dec.14, weather permitting.
The lane closure is necessary to repair guardrail.***Creating a Audiobook Playlist in iTunes
After you load your audiobook in iTunes, you don’t need to convert the tracks and place them into your books library file. Instead, you could create a playlist where you can easily find your current audiobook on your iPod.
First select all the files containing your audiobook. If you didn’t join the tracks, there will be a lot of them. Right click and select the options tab. Enable Remember Position (so you can stop listening and pickup at the same spot) as well as Skip When Shuffling (preventing the audiobooks from be shuffled with your music).
Next create a Smart Playlist and enter the author’s name for the Artist Contains Field. Click on the plus sign to create a new field, select Album and type in the name of the audiobook in the next field. Click on the plus sign again and choose Plays is 0. This will ensure the files are automatically removed from the playlist after you have listened to it. Make sure the Live Updating box is checked and click on OK.
Be sure to stop by the library to find your next great audiobook!
Posted by: Beth
Supreme Court won’t hear New York Times reporter’s case on revealing confidential source
By Lawrence Hurley
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – The U.S. Supreme Court on Monday declined to weigh whether journalists have special free speech protections that allow them to avoid being forced to testify in government leak cases.
The court rejected an appeal filed by New York Times
Prosecutors want Risen’s testimony because they think information in his book, “State of War,” was leaked by former CIA officer Jeffrey Sterling.
In 2010, Sterling was indicted on 10 charges relating to Risen’s book, including unauthorized retention and communication of national defense information..
The appeals court ruling concerned a 2011 subpoena that Holder authorized in relation to Sterling’s trial, which has yet to take place.
Risen responded he could not be compelled to testify. The appeals court ruled that there is no “reporter’s privilege” under the First Amendment’s guarantee of freedom of speech, meaning journalists do not receive special treatment.
Various media organizations, including Reuters)April 27, 2009
The Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C.
President of.
.
God Bless Mary Ann Glendon
All I can say is thank the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit and all the angels for Mary Ann Glendon who choose to stand by her Catholic beliefs.
Good!
I wouldn’t want to be in the same room with Judas and satan either.
It’s too bad that a great priest like Fr. Joe has to share the same last name with that guy.
I was so focussed on the Obama element of this whole scandal that I did not examine very closely how Glendon was really being used as a public relations pawn. I know early on she consulted Bishop D’Arcy about attending the ceremony and supposedly he advised her that it would be ok to accept the invitation although he could not in good conscience accept his invitation.
Now, I guess, the University has quickly responded that they will extend the award to another deserving party.
Who are they going to get to accept this award? This could be very interesting. Maybe they will have to go to a non-Catholic or someone in the prolife movement with a less consistant prolife record. Moreover, who would be willing to be used as a PR shield for Fr. Jenkins and this abominable decision?
My “dream” solution to all this is to have the University come to its senses and the invitation to Obama rescinded. Bishop D’Arcy should then be identified as the commencement speaker. He obviously has a grasp on what justice under the law is all about. OK, call me a cock-eyed optimist..
Wow. I am so proud of Ms. Glendon for standing up for Our Faith and beliefs. And I would agree with Anna Maria on her “dream” solution. Remember, with God all things are possible, and miracles can happen.
BRAVO!! Finally, a real Catholic!
Maybe we won’t have to worry about Obama speaking at Notre Dame after all. The news today states that the first person in Indiana to contract this dangerous flu, is a Notre Dame student. By the 17th, the whole campus may be shut down.
God works in mysterious ways!
Fr. Joe……..Jesus, I trust in you!
non preoccuparDescription from the owner
- B&B
- 2 bedrooms
- 1 bathrooms
- Sleeps 5
Bedrooms: 2
Bathrooms: 1
Sleeps: 5
Type: Bed and BreakfastBed & Breakfast Rosagalina
Description from the owner
Our B&B; is located in the city centre, 10 minutes walk from the Duomo and 5 minutes from "Piazza Fiera", scene of the annual Christmas Markets.
Also only short distance from a range of good restaurants.
The apartment, consisting of a large double room (with the option of a third bed) and a comfortably sized single, is on the first floor (no lift) in a building dating from 1920.
We speak English, German and Italian.
Breakfast is served every morning from 8 - 10 and is prepared with local ingredients and can be tailored to any special needs and requests.
A wireless internet connection is available free of charge.
Children up to 4 years can stay ...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
Sybille H.
Sybille H.
- Response rate 85%
- Response time Within a day
- Calendar updated 4 months ago
- Overall rating5.0 / 5.0 based on 2 reviews
Map
Bed & Breakfast Rosagalina
Trento, Trentino-Alto Adige, Italy
Additional Location Information
Center of Trento
More About This Location
City vacations, Mountain nearby
Getting There
Car is not necessaryapply | reset x
font
size
T
T
T
T
color
TODAY video
North Korean TV Report on WomenCrossDMZ Peace Campaigners
76-Year-Old Survivor Recounts Nagasaki Nuclear Explosion
Orca Startles Paddleboarder in New Zealand
WATCH: Crane Trapped in Tigers' Den Decides Enough Is<<by Jon Ralston Mon, 02/25/2013 - 15:03
- 45 47 min ago.
- .@EdwardsAD19 is not asking a question. He is reading a prepared statement. I am sticking needles in my eyes.9 hours 59 min ago.
- "Excellent presentation, gentlemen," @SenMRoberson, a k a gubernatorial handmaiden, begins sustained gushing.10 hours 1 min ago.
- Silver lining of this hearing: No one has yet said, "There is no perfect tax."10 hours 11 min ago.
- Now @DerekNVAD21 is bringing up the most difficult question, which is how much this plan broadens the base. "Missing the bigger picture."10 hours 13 min ago.
- Steve is definitely not PC. t.co/uyVhCkAMqZ10 hours 16 min ago.
So when I heard – again – Monday that legislative Democrats are discussing (they do know how to discuss!) a revenue plan for education, I wanted to believe. Truly. I do.
After all, there they all were , 15 of them arrayed behind state Senate Majority Leader Mo Denis, a few of them rotely reading prepared statements about education enhancements. It was a forced scene, as they all are, with the Democrats earnestly trying to show, as their website says, they are “Building a Better Nevada.”
Are they building a better mousetrap, or one that will snap back on them as the session goes on and they end up doing much discussing and little legislating on arguably the most important issue confronting Nevada.
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
These events have grown so predictable that even before the media could ask a question, Denis said, “I’m sure the first question you are going to ask is how much does it cost.” (Actually, my first question would have been how they were going to pay for it, but why quibble?)
To their credit, the Democrats on Monday put a price tag – or at least a minimum cost – on what they want to do by enhancing programs for younger students: $310 million.
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
But while that number may seem huge to some, it’s actually a pittance compared to the need. And everyone in that room knew it.
Indeed, a reasonable estimate of what is really needed over two years to have an impact on English Language Learning students, according to an estimate by UNLV Boyd Professor Sylvia Lazos, is more than $300 million on its own.
And that $310 million increase? It’s about 4 percent of the general fund budget.
Here’s the accounting:
Full Day Kindergarten $71 million (over Governor’s proposed $20 million) (2014-2015)
Pre-Kindergarten- $20 million (2014-2015)
Social Promotion- $50 million (one year cost)
Class Size Reduction- $95 million (2014-2015) (RESTORES FUNDING TO LEVELS PRE-CUTS)
ELL-$66.5 million baseline
TOTAL: $302.5 million (the $310 million is because of floating estimates of the ELL baseline).
State Sen. Debbie Smith, the veteran who chairs the Finance Committee, said after the news conference: “For the first time since I’ve been in the Legislature, we have agreement on where we want to go……just disagreement on when.”
So: I want to believe. Truly. I do.
Indeed, Gov. Brian Sandoval, unlike some Republicans and to the consternation of some of his partisan colleagues, talked about all-day kindergarten and ELL funding in his State of the State. His budget, for instance, contains $14 million in funding for ELL programs, which most experts agree is a drop in the bucket.
But Sandoval also has said he will veto any tax package, which makes who was at that news conference in the Legislative Building -- or more importantly, who was not -- more significant. Sixteen Democrats, zero Republicans, several Democratic operatives eager to spin for the electeds and pummel the Republicans, if necessary.
And yet, the math is inexorable. Without a handful of GOP votes, none of this has any chance. And while Republicans are talking about trade-offs for taxes – construction defect reform, for instance – that pathway is pothole-filled. (Like clockwork, the Assembly Republicans put out a news release a few hours after the Democrats’ event, saying it’s not just about money but reform, too. Sigh.)
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
Despite their willingness to present that $310 baseline number, the Democrats had no interest in talking about how to pay for it. None. (Speaker Marilyn Kirkpatrick did say that careening from session to session and depending on taxes that sunset and then don’t is no way to run a state.)
In response to a question about the teachers’ margins tax, they revealed that they had set a March 5 joint hearing on the plan. Oh? That’s 30 days into the session and 10 days before they must either pass it or punt it to the ballot.
They appear to have no plan at all, yet the Democrats want people to believe that they are moving forward, that this is different than past sessions because the discussions are taking place so early. But talk is not action, motion is not progress.
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
To be fair, the Democrats are talking, albeit privately, every Thursday evening about tax plans. Key lawmakers, along with LCB fiscal experts, are gathering in the speaker’s office to talk about what is possible and what isn’t.
I got the sense from chatting with Kirkpatrick after the news conference that her plan to remove exemptions from the live entertainment tax could provide some of the funding. Great.
But until they are willing to put forward a comprehensive and lasting tax plan – as opposed to cobbling together strands from a bunch of places – it will be hard to take them seriously. Whether it’s the margins tax or a sales tax on services, they will need to embrace some sort of broad-based tax to raise the kind of money they want AND – the conjunction here is important – reform the tax system.
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
The Democrats, despite inevitable criticism from the Nevada Policy Research Institute, have a compelling case, which the governor, at least partially, already has bought.
After five years and a billion dollars worth of cuts to education, Sandoval understands that simply reforming the system – and he has proposed many changes – does no good without money spent on the front end.
The governor says all-day kindergarten needs to be phased in because the urban superintendents say they can’t build the facilities that quickly. Smith says the Democrats want to provide one-shot money to jump-start the construction in the urban areas.
As Denis, who said he could have used ELL funding when he was learning English as a kid, pointed out, the numbers are staggering: 75,000 ELL students in Nevada and 1 in 12 pass the high school proficiency test in English and 1 in 8 in math.
That is not just depressing. It’s tragic.
“It is incredibly hard to learn the fundamentals of academics without understanding the basics of the English language,” Denis said, stating what should be obvious to those making these decisions.
So there’s consensus that money is needed, but the amounts proposed by the governor, by state Senate Minority Leader Michael Roberson, by the Democrats will not put a dent in the program. And think how counterintuitive it is for everyone to agree to end social promotion in the third grade without funding reduced class sizes and ELL studies in the early grades.
Those students will be set up to fail – they are now – and ending their promotion when they can’t read in third grade will be guaranteed by the system. Sheer lunacy.
I want to believe. Truly. I do.
They don’t need more evidence for what the public wants – a new poll shows people are willing to pay more for a better education system, as surveys always do. But unless the Democrats take their tax discussions from the backroom to a committee room, until they settle on a number and get some Republicans to agree to it, their news conferences will continue to ring hollow and the Nevada they are building will not be better but the same as it always has been.News
Frustration evident as Brunswick delays vote on new school
BRUNSWICK — The town will likely have to wait another year before it votes on a potentially expensive school facilities project, most recently conceptualized as a new building to replace Coffin Elementary School.
Superintendent of Schools Paul Perzanoski said at a Feb. 27 School Board facilities committee meeting that an anticipated November referendum for an estimated $24 million spending package is now unlikely.
He said the next possible date for a school bond referendum will be in June 2015. He added that a November referendum would have allowed construction to begin next spring, with a possible fall 2017 opening date.
Now that timeline is up in the air.
"(The referendum's delay) could have no effect, a little effect, or as much of an effect as opening" the school a year later than expected. "It's been a long haul," he said in describing the planning process that began in October 2011.
Perzanoski said a November referendum became less likely when the board tabled a decision at a December 2013 meeting to determine whether to build a new school on the site of the shuttered Jordan Acres Elementary School.
The board has yet to revisit that decision, although that may change next week.
After receiving public criticism about the project in late January and mulling it in the Feb. 27 meeting, the board may consider the Jordan Acres site at its March 12 meeting, Chairwoman Michele Joyce said on Tuesday.
At the January meeting, several parents and community members criticized the board for not fully considering the educational implications of a new 660-student school that would house grades K-2 and possibly a new pre-school program.
"The community is not yet sold on this vision," Sarah Singer, a leader of the Brunswick Community United group, said at the time.
In discussing the criticism at the Feb. 27 meeting, board member and facilities committee Chairman Rich Ellis advocated for the public's concerns about a lack of a strategic educational plan to go with a new building.
He argued that the board needs to assess the effectiveness of the large-school model for Harriet Beecher Stowe Elementary School, which currently houses grades 2-5, before moving forward with a new school.
Citing state test data, Ellis said since the 600-student elementary school opened in fall 2011, the number of economically disadvantaged students not proficient in reading has increased by 36 percent. For students not proficient in math, the number has increased by 7 percent.
For those reasons, he said he wants to have more information about the merits of the School Department's current education system to better inform the school facilities planning process going ahead.
"For three years I've worked on this project and we've not once talked (about the education merits on a certain school building model)," Ellis said. "... We have not had a single board discussion or presentation to give us confidence as supervisors of the School Department ... to ensure that we are making the right decisions in investing in this as a continuing strategy."
However, other board members said they don't want to further delay the process. Some of them, along with Perzanoski, expressed frustration at the slow pace and the board's lack of formal decisions regarding a new school.
"I feel like we're not going to get anywhere unless we have a clear direction," Joyce said. "I think the only way we're going to do that is to make some decision instead of waiting and waiting and waiting."
Perzanoski, in particular, lamented how process is holding up the implementation of a pre-school program, which he said is ready to begin and would help narrow the student achievement gap.
In addition, he said, the board's indecisiveness is delaying implementation of a long-term solution that would address the aging Coffin school, and a growing student population in the town's elementary schools that will force the board to implement one or two stop-gap measures within the next year.
"So we're going to sit and talk and debate and debate and debate," Perzanoski said, "and we've still got kids in those 45-year-old portable (classrooms) at Coffin, and frankly, I can't take it anymore."
This hasn't been the first time a referendum has been delayed for the school facilities project, which began in October 2011 as a master study ordered by the board to assess the School Department's long-term facilities needs.
Before the board's plans to renovate Coffin and Brunswick Junior High School came to a halt last spring, a referendum on the project's spending package was expected to go out for a June or November 2013 vote.
The plan to build a new elementary school was conceived last June after the board determined a $38 million project to renovate Coffin and the junior high school would be too costly for the town to do all at once.
The town's finance director at the time estimated the project could have caused up to a 10 percent property tax increase in its first year of debt service.
While never making an official decision about the new school plan, board members mostly agreed that a new elementary school should be a priority, in part because it would address Coffin's aging facility and its long use of mobile classrooms. It would also help address a projected population growth in elementary students.
In addition, board members said a new school could be justified because a preliminary estimate by Keck showed that it might only cost $4 million more than $20 million in costs associated with renovating Coffin.
Furthermore, board members said a new building would have a longer life span and therefore be a more worthwhile investment.How to Make Vodka Infused Plums
Infusing plums with vodka will create a treat that you can enjoy on its own, add to cakes and pies or drizzle over ice cream. This process will also produce a fragrant plum-infused vodka that you can enjoy separately. Any plum cultivar will work well with this recipe.
Ingredients
Servings: 6 to 8
- 10 to 20 plums, depending on their size
- 2 cups (475 ml) vodka
- 1/3 cup (65 g) granulated sugar, optional
Steps
- 1Clean and sterilize a quart-sized jar. Make sure that the jar has an airtight lid.Ad
- 2Wash the plums in a stream of cool water. Consider using organic plums or plums grown without pesticides since you won’t be peeling the fruit. This will limit your exposure to dangerous chemicals.
- 3Place the plums in the jar and pour the vodka over the plums.
- 4If you want to create a sweet syrup, add the granulated sugar. If you prefer your plums without the syrup, then leave the sugar out of the recipe.
- 5Save the vodka bottle and lid; you may want to enjoy the plum-infused vodka that this recipe will create.
- 6Cover the jar tightly and find a cool, dry place in which to store it.
- 7If you have used sugar, then check every few days to see whether the sugar has dissolved. If the sugar has not dissolved, shake the jar gently.
- 8Leave the jar undisturbed for about 3 months and when you are ready to open it, remove the plums with a slotted spoon and place them in a bowl.
- 9Strain the vodka through a coffee filter and pour it through a funnel into its original container.
- 10Tighten the cap of your vodka bottle and store it for another use. The color of your infused vodka may vary depending on the variety of plums that you used.
- 11Use the plums in another recipe or store them in your refrigerator.Ad
We could really use your help!
basketball?
rate articles?
mudding and tiling?
robots?
cutting hair?
Tips
- Use your vodka-infused plums to create a Sugar Plum Fairy Martini.
- If you want to use the infused plums in holiday recipes like plum pudding or sugar plum cake, then make sure to start infusing them when they are in season. This means that you should start the infusion process in October at the latest. Using fruit in season will ensure the best flavor for your infused plums.
Warnings
- Use a quality brand of vodka for this recipe. The plums will not mask the flavor of low-quality vodka.
Things You'll Need
- Quart-sized jar
- Slotted spoon
- Coffee filter
Article Info
Categories: Infused Spirits and Liqueurs
In other languages:
Español: hacer ciruelas con infusión de vodka, Italiano: Preparare le Prugne alla Vodka, Português: Preparar Ameixas com Vodca, Русский: сделать пропитанные водкой сливы
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 28,857 times.
About this wikiHowApple iPad 2 Wi-Fi (Refurbished - Scratch 'n' Dent) for $299.99 + free shipping
Scratch and dent? Dent in the case? What about a dent in the screen?
@bjfranck: The screen is perfect - in fact the screen is in "like-new" condition. It is the body of the ipad - corners, casing etc that has seen it's fair share of wear and tear. But they work perfectly
2 Comments add a comment
Sort By:Goyara
By HyTech Professionals
Open iTunes to buy and download apps.
Description
Goyara - Free online dating
Goyara web app is a perfect online dating solution. It’s designed for your iphone’s screen so you can date with people when you’re on the move. When you like the look of someone then you can send them a message or add them to your list.
When you’re at home you can also use the site on your computer.
Moreover, you can earn points by connecting the two individuals that you think will make an ideal couple. You will be able to earn points or gift cards for your earned points.
iPhone Screenshot
- Free
- Category: Social Networking
- Released: 16 November 2011
- Version: 1.0
- Size: 0.7 MB
- Language: English
- Developer: HyTech Professionals India Pvt Ltd
- © 2011-2012, GOYARA.).When most of us reach for a performance bar, we're hoping it will help us get through the next part of the day or workout session. But if you're currently leading the major leagues in home runs, like premier second baseman Dan Uggla, you need the best nutrients possible to push you through the next crucial inning or game. That's why Dan depends on the delicious and nutrient-dense Supreme Protein® bars.
"I eat two Supreme Protein® bars a day," the consistent-hitting second baseman says. "The flavor is unbelievable and each one has all the ingredients to deliver the nutritional profile I need to perform at a high level."
The key to this superior nutritional profile is 30 grams of
premium protein, powered by top-quality
whey protein isolate (WPI). This WPI is the gold standard of all protein available today with an amino-acid density unlike any other food source. In fact, the biological value (a measurement of how completely a protein is used) of this whey isolate is much higher than beef, chicken, fish or eggs. This makes it a quicker and more superior lean
mass-building agent than anything available and can be easily incorporated into a workout routine to provide optimum recovery and energy support.
This is a critical fact that many major athletes like Dan depend on for gaining the advantage.
"During the baseball season, it is important for me to maintain lean body mass and weight so that I can maintain my strength throughout the course of the season," Dan says. "
Supreme Protein® bars allow me to get the protein and nutrients that I need so that I can recover from my workouts faster and exercise longer before feeling signs of fatigue. I've definitely noticed a difference since I've added Supreme Protein® bars to my routine."
Incorporating
Supreme Protein® into his training methods seems to have paid off as Dan is well-established as one of the elite new major league players, third in
2007 Rookie of the Year voting with a current stat line (mid June) of a Major-League leading 23 HR, plus 50 RBIs and a .281 Batting Average.
The match-up with
Supreme bars, according to Dan, was one of relative perfection. Less than a year ago, he discovered these amazing bars and developed an affinity, recognizing the same commitment to excellence in the bar recipe that he shows for his career.
This relationship is a natural for me," he says. "I aspire to be the best player I can be, and the best player among my peers. That's something Supreme Protein® has already achieved. Supreme Protein® is easily the category leader in both taste and quality."
And Supreme Protein® bars have achieved this lead in part by offering a premium protein blend featuring high amounts of whey protein isolate to help support lean muscle mass.
But this is only part of the story. These incredibly delicious bars deliver a quadruple layer taste sensation like no other bar on the market today, making
Supreme Protein® worthy enough to befit the current home-run king.
From his rookie start in 2006, to his well-deserved 2nd base spot at next month's 2008 All Star Game at Yankee Stadium, this high profile Florida Marlin's favorite has shown a steady consistency in his performance along with extraordinary offensive firepower.
This power-hitting phenomenon credits the power-packed Supreme bars for providing the kind of vital lean mass-building nutrition for the single most awe-inspiring stat in baseball, home run king!
You may not be a top professional athlete like Dan Uggla, but it's good to know that the same nutritional masterpiece that helped carry this champion to high ranks in the majors is also available for your everyday workouts. Putting
Supreme Protein® in your lineup is a winning move!
For 2015-05-22 00:00:00
- Retail: $69.99
- PS.net Price: $41.25
- Sale Price: $35.06 eachJuly 26, 2014
GREEN:
For more information about Head Start and Kids Learning Place call 1-866-627-4557.All quotes by Joe Curl
(5 quotes found)
“I felt that we had everyone defended on that play ? except the girl who popped off the screen. She caught the pass and drilled it. She caught one of our players, and I won't say who it was because she's young, not playing like it was a big possession. That's unacceptable.”
“I didn't think it was one-sided at all. We didn't get into the bonus in either half, but teams can play good defense without fouling. To be honest I didn't see a lot of fouls out there.”
“This was a big win, but it's just one-sixteenth of our final goal. We'll only be satisfied when we get enough of those one-sixteenths to win the conference championship.”
“Percentages are relative to what's going on out on the court, and if we miss an easy shot, our kids try to make up for it on the defensive end.”
“We lost to the better basketball team. We'd like to see Rice win the whole thing because we lost to them.” County PUD provides incentives to residential customers for improving the energy efficiency of eligible homes. Rebates are available for the purchase of Energy Star rated clothes washers, dishwashers, refrigerators, and freezers. Additionally, insulation, window, [ ductless heat pumps], and lighting upgrades are incentivized byReviewed by Steven H Silver
Mike Ashley has taken it upon himself to become a one-man chronicler of the history of the science fiction magazines. His three volume The History of the Science Fiction Magazine covers the evolution of the magazines from 1926 through 1955 and includes several short stories as examples. His book The Gernsback Days is an in depth look not only at Hugo Gernsback, but at the over all evolution of science fiction from 1911 through 1936. Transformations, which follows Time Machines, is the second of three volumes which cover the history of the magazines. Transformations specifically tackles the period from 1950 through 1970.
Ashley covers all the science fiction (and related) magazines published in the United States and the United Kingdom during this period. Not only does he look at the magazines, but he also discusses the editorial philosophies behind them, the stories they included, and the authors they published. This gives the reader a much better feel for the contents of each of the magazines and how they might have differed from each other, rather than simply noting that Galaxy was known for edgy stories and Impulse tried to avoid mysticism.
In discussing the individual authors and stories, Ashley provides one sentence synopses of many of the stories. These are so inviting, the reader wishes Ashley could have included some of them in the book, as he did with The History of the Science Fiction Magazines, or at least issue a companion volume to Transformations. While many of the stories he discusses are easily available in reprint editions, the majority of them are difficult to find.
The magazines, as presented by Ashley, display their own personalities, as surely as their editors do. Venture or Authentic are as much individuals as Kyril Bonfiglioli or Samuel Merwin are. It becomes clear that while there was a definite magazine pecking order, with Astounding, Galaxy and Fantasy and Science Fiction at the top, the second, or even third tier of magazines generally had something to recommend them to a specific category of reader.
As the two decades covered by Transformations progress, it is interesting to see how many of the names keep surfacing. This isn't only limited to the authors and editors who have demonstrated ability, but also to the individuals Ashley refers to as opportunist publishers. This latter group came out of the woodwork when it looked like science fiction was on the upswell and easy money could be made. Their magazines were frequently underfinanced and, Ahsley claims, in some cases the stories weren't even read before being purchased by the editors.
Transformations, as with Ashley's other writing on the history of the science fiction magazine, is an enlightening and informative study. Occasionally opinionated, Ashley's knowledge of the field as he demonstrates time and again gives him the right to be opinionated. Moreover, when Ashley offers an opinion, he is able to support his opinions with facts so the reader has a way of assessing the worth of the opinions.
Purchase this book fromHere's the (not-so) dirty truth.
16 Fashion Pieces You'll Fall For
This fall, the sky’s the limit for handbags, with bright colors, unique shapes and playful textures coming to the fore. Slip one on your shoulder to instantly update your look at a fraction of the cost for a new wardrobe. Here, we’ve rounded up 10 of our favorite affordable finds.
This bright bag is your one-stop-shop for accessorizing. But its on-trend shade isn't the only thing to love about it: the roomy interior and zip-top closure make it a cinch to carry everything you need in one convenient tote. Agra in
What Do You Think?TC TO MARGARET A. CARLYLE ; 10 April 1852; DOI: 10.1215/lt-18520410-TC-MAC-01; CL 27: 83-84
TC TO MARGARET A. CARLYLE
Chelsea, 10 April, 1852—
My dear Mother,
Better a half word than none at all; so I take the pen, snatching still a minute or two before going out to my walk.
On Monday, as intimated to John, a Box of Books and Rubbish went away; perhaps I may still hear today that it has arrived. I remembered, as is usual, too late, how easily I might have put for you a quarter or two of York-River tobacco into some corner of the packages: but, alas, it was then impossible enough; and I had to take my vain regrets along with me! For yourself I think there is next to nothing in the big hulk of a load, except the charge of giving things away to others, if they do not (as, I fear, few will) promise to be of any use to you— Some bits of Books,—especially one John Howe's Sermons (Howe was one of Cromwell's Chaplains),1—will perhaps be worth keeping. Forgive me that I did no better. I was hurried, and battered about, at a sad rate that day,—and had lumbago (rheumatism) over and above.
Our weather is still cold and dirty with dust and reek; but the cold is going at last;—and surely we shall by and by have rain, to wash the air a little. My rheumatics, which were never of more than insignificant extent, are now quite gone; and today I am as well as usual;—intending soon to have a vigorous walk. Tonight there is a small Teaparty coming; a certain Lady Stanley (an old friend, from Cheshire) wishing to meet Thomas Erskine;—heigho, there will little come of that, I apprehend! But Thomas is always good, and pleasant to see; the Lady also, still considerably beautiful, is always full of vivacity and good humour. Robt Chambers called on us yesterday; a fat, cheerfully obstinate looking, prosperous, and not at all unpleasant man. One night we were at a big soirée at Milnes's (ask John) and his new Wife's:2 very hot, very noisy, to me thoroughly wearisome: I saw the face of Palmerston then,—not quite unlike that of the late Watt Hogg3 (rough puckery skin, small bloodshot cruel eyes [)],—otherwise a tall man, with some air of greediness and cunning; and a curious fixed smile as if lying not at the top but at the bottom of his physiognomy: a Real Son of Belial I do believe;—for the rest, stout and straight tho' now in the seventies, I believe. We had dined, the foregoing night, at the Ashburtons': that is the extent of our gaieties this season— — Here is a Note from Dickens whh may amuse you for a minute: the 2d No of his new dud of a Book (I have not yet read the first No) had not come; Jane made me write for it,4—I too value a little the friendly feeling of the man. The Postman (tho' it is now his time) has yet brot nothing; I pray earnestly he may bring me good accounts of my brave old Mother whenever he comes with a Scotsbrig Letter! Oh, should I not be thankful for the many and often good news I have had from there!— Take care of yourself, dear Mother; and let me hope to hear soon. Love to one and all.—
Ever yr affectionate
T. CarlyleTo join our e-mail list, please enter your e-mail address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Shows
Sections
Classifieds
Directories
News, Environment, Santa Monica
Ocean Methane Blamed For Foul Odor Across Santa Monica On Sunday Morning
Posted Mar. 4, 2013, 9:07 am
Mirror Staff
Small amounts of methane detected in the water off Santa Monica on Sunday was the cause of a foul odor, authorities say.
The smell was reported along the coast from Sunset Boulevard to south of Venice Beach.
It may have been caused by a change in the water temperature that could have caused plankton and algae beds to bloom, releasing methane just under the surface, SMFD communications officer Justin Walker told the LA Times.
The amount of methane was too small to be hazardous to health and no illnesses were reported.
Methane readings had dissipated by about noon Sunday.
Mar. 4, 2013, 4:15:19 pm
stinky said...
And here I just though the city council was just blowing more hot air in order to build another high rise on the beach!TE Connectivity uses cookies to provide you a better experience when visiting our website. For more information or to disable certain cookies see our cookies policy. Without making a choice and by continuing to visit our website you provide your consent with the use of cookies.
Show
We offer an extremely broad array of products for your wire-to-board connection requirements
TE’s AMP CT connector system consists of an extensive product offering and broad industry usage.
TE offers wire-to-board HPI at various pitches with a variety of options.
TE offers Wire-to-board connectors, including headers and receptacles for printed circuit board design.
Connector housings to mate with an array of headers and receptacles for wire-to-board connections.
Where there is a signal there is AMPMODU
TE’s AMP mini CT connectors are miniature wire-to-board interconnect solutions.
Based on the proven EP version, the new and advanced EP II and EP 2.5 lines offer additional benefits.
The pivot connector series is a user friendly solution for terminating signal and low power connections and requires no tools.
PCB connectors on 2.5mm and 5mm centerlines meet RAST standard and support appliance safety standards.
AMP, AMPMODU and Power Triple Lock are trademarks.
- Big huge booms and the lights from the ships off shore
-.
- a huge man ass (user)
- Sharp MT-77
- By the Skin of Our Teeth
- Cheek teeth
- sharp
- Sharp Shooters
- Dreams where your teeth fall out
- Sharpen Your Teeth
- Better than a poke in the eye with a sharp stick
- SHARP test
- Red Bats With Teeth
- bone in her teeth
- Words are the mirrors of our discontents merely; they contain all the huge unhatched eggs of the world's sorrows.
- The Sharp
- Teeth grinding stillness of broken night
- A teddy bear with teeth and pheromones
- Jon Sharp
- wind-up chattering teeth
- Getting teeth pulled is not fun
- sucking on your teeth
- Huge
-
- Why are car engines so HUGE in the US?
- Udara 1: Elliott Sharp interview
- Hutchinson's teeth
- scarce as hen's teeth
- A Huge Ever Growing Pulsating Brain that Rules from the Centre of the Ultraworld
- How to test if a knife is sharp
- Skin on your teeth
- Whose teeth are those, Bill?
- knifegirl is sharp
- Sharp, Shiny Potential
- supernumerary teeth
- Summer Teeth
- How to really brush your teeth (Yes, you have been doing it wrong)
- Huge Space Alien Crack House
- Sharp X1 Twin
- baby teeth
- eye teeth
- Pat Sharp (user)
- By the skin of my teeth
- The Skin of Our Teeth
- I can feel the reality of your teeth, your jaw.
- sharps container
- Mitchell Sharp
- To The Teeth
- Midnight's Teeth
- Her lack of response opened a gate through which my mind started to wander, into a wilderness where the shadows all had teeth...
- There is more than glass between the snow and the huge roses
- Cabot Hunter's Seriously Sharp Cheddar
- everything so sharp, silent and calm
- Brush your teeth
- It is true, we are robbers, but we always rob in the glare of the day and in the teeth of the multitude
- huge cloudy meanings behind the daily face of things
- razor sharp
- Love is like Teeth
- The Sharp End
- Sharp Knife and The Cherokee Nation
- Robert Lionel Fanthorpe fills up the word count in a science fiction novel: she brushed her teeth
- Whitening your teeth with household materials
- When to brush your teeth
- Prune Picking Huge Hand
- Caution: Contains Functional Sharp Point
- Captain Teeth (user)
- She makes my teeth naked
- teeth for eyelids
- Bree Sharp
- Dr. Teeth
- Dr Teeth (user)
- That sharp yellow smoke smell
- you have perfect teeth
- With Teeth
- huge marketing muscle powered by VC funny money
-
- huge colin (user)
- Percival Sharp
- Getting my wisdom teeth pulled
- wailing and gnashing of teeth
- Corporate Vampires Sink Teeth Into Business World
If you Log in you could create a "huge sharp teeth" node. If you don't already have an account, you can register here.To travel with us through time simply select the question or questions that intrigue you.
I love Cobras but I want an instrument with a middle pickup. I am a humbucking-based player but want an amazing array of single coil tones too. Am I just dreaming or is there one guitar that can do all these things for me?
What is the sonic difference between The Classic and Drop Tops? How has the Drop Top line evolved and which guitar is best for me?
What are some of the coolest ways to “hotrod” the Hollow T Classic or T Classic? We’ll have to divide this into two parts: Equipment and Visual. There are an infinite number of cool looks so just let you imagination and good taste be your guide.Big day for football in the Sunshine State -- minus FAU
Residents of Owl Country can relax with no pending disasters on the schedule today, and enjoy a day of watching other teams battle.
Quite a day in the Sunshine State. I’ll be down at Sun Life Stadium to help cover the Ohio State/Miami game, which means I won’t be able to watch Oklahoma/Florida State.
Then there is Tennessee at Florida.
And then a game that is a victim of bad timing, since on another Saturday UCF at FIU might get some attention.
And another game of interest is Auburn at Clemson. Auburn is going for its 18th straight win.
For FAU fans who have succeeded in pushing it from their heads, the Owls are at Auburn next Saturday for the third and final game of their Advanced Training games gauntlet.
AROUND THE BELT
With FAU in a bye week, it’s a good time to take a look at the Belt.
Here is where things stand in my unofficial standings based on what has happened so far.
1. FIU (2-0, 1-0) Last week – 24-17 win over Louisville; this week – UCF (2-0)
Back in 2007/08, FAU tried to get home-and-homes with UCF, but the Knights decided to sign a contract with then-woeful FIU instead. That doesn’t look so great right now, as FIU has a good chance of going 3-0 and setting itself up for a 12-0 season. Impossible? The Kitties only other non-con games are Duke and Akron. Both winnable. The rest of their games are in the Belt. Tired of T.Y. Hilton talk already? Brace yourselves for a lot more.
2. Troy (0-1) Last week -- off; this week – No. 14 Arkansas (2-0)
Yeah, Troy hasn’t won a game, but they lost to Clemson and now face Arkansas, so will probably be 0-2, but the Trojans know what it takes to beat Belt teams, and they will win enough to be in the hunt for the title.
3. Middle Tennessee (0-2) Last week – 49-21 loss to Georgia Tech; this week – off
Yeah, I know, MTSU is 0-2, so how could they be third? Well, they scared the heck out of Purdue in week one and didn’t get totally blown away Georgia Tech. They’ll do just fine when they start playing Belt games.
4. Louisiana-Lafayette (1-1) Last week – 20-12 win over Kent State; this week – Nichols State (1-1)
Everyone expected the Cajuns to struggle, but they did score 34 points in the season opener at Oklahoma State, and did beat Kent State. That is enough to be in the middle of the Belt.
5. Arkansas State (1-1) Last week – 47-3 win over Memphis; this week – at No. 13 Virginia Tech (2-0)
Yes, Memphis is a bad team. But the Red Wolves blew them out, which does count for something. They didn’t look too bad in their opening loss at Illinois. The Wolves could be contenders.
6. Louisiana-Monroe (1-1) Last week, 35-7 win over Grambling; this week – at No. 23 TCU (1-1)
After getting roughed up by FSU 34-0 in the opener, the Warblers bounced back for a win over Grambling. Will learn a little more when they go up against TCU.
7. Western Kentucky (0-2) Last week – 40-14 loss to Navy; this week – Indiana State (1-1)
The Hilltoppers looked pretty good against Kentucky, but got run over by Navy. They should beat Indiana State, but still have to prove themselves in the Belt.
8. North Texas (0-2, 0-1) Last week, 48-23 loss to Houston; this week – at No. 2 Alabama (2-0)
Pity the Kind and Gentles, as they are fodder for Bama. While they did not score an offensive touchdown against FIU, they did have 23 against Houston, which puts them ahead of FAU.
9. FAU (0-2) Last week, 44-0 loss to Michigan State; this week – off.
You all know the story. Worst-ranked offense in the country, one first down last week, 1.5 points per game, etc. etc.
Later…
Ted,
Glad to see you are still using the old FIU logo instead of the new one that was created in 2008 even after it was pointed out to you last year that it was the old logo. I'll even give you the direct link to it since you are clearly too lazy or incompetent to find it yourself -
Keep up the average work.
Posted by: realbbbb | September 19, 2011 9:17 AM
I wish Auburn's loss gave me some hope that we could play a decent game or at least one half of good football, but it does not. This team is a joke, and Auburn is going to take their frustration out on us next week. They will slaughter us. Prediction:
FAU 3 due to a defensive pick which the offense won't capitalize on.
Auburn 33
Posted by: Rick Spring | September 17, 2011 7:51 PMOk. I want to get a tattoo of the ancient greek proverb "KNOW THYSELF" BUT- I cannot figure out a few things. Such as. Do I get it in modern Greek? or Ancient Greek? Or whatever Greek?
Also, here is a link for your ...thinking of this topic:
Question: See the picture of the window on the right. See the inscription in Greek KNOW THYSELF. then see how it is written at the beginning γνῶθι σεαυτόν . what is the difference? Is it that the one on the window is in capitol letters and the one written γνῶθι σεαυτόν is in lowercase ???
I want my tatto to be authentic. As it says on wikipiedia: KNOW THYSELF was inscribed in the pronaos (forecourt) of the Temple of Apollo at Delphi. If I get it kn modern Greek, will it be different from when it was originally written??? If so, then doesnt make sense to get it in English?
Sorry about all my questions. If anyone can answer who has knowledge, it would be helpful and appreciated.advice?
In my opinion, no way. Sure, he is the baby's father and he has a right to his child. But he sounds like a really negative person. From all of your examples above he is not worthy to be there and if he really doesn't care about you or your son then he shouldn't mind not being there, right? Labor & Delivery is a place for positive people and things. That is supposed to be a happy time for you to meet your child, it sounds to me like all he would do is ruin things for you. I hope everything works out. <3 Keep your head up, your little one is almost here! :)
Teen Mama Support - Johnathan&Taylor.11.13.10
"Let he who is without sin cast the first stone"
It seems like time is creepin' by so slow right now but when you look back on it you'll think "man, time flies." So enjoy it. I wish I would have stopped and enjoyed my pregnancy more. :)
Teen Mama Support - Johnathan&Taylor.11.13.10
"Let he who is without sin cast the first stone"
Miley Marie March 2013
Baby #2 due May 2015
This is not meant to be mean toward you whatsoever BUT, I am 15 years old. Sure I was pregnant for 9 months and have a little more perspective of parenthood than my BD probably does but I am a perfect example of what you should expect from him. He made the baby. It is his responsibility just as much as it is yours. It is also his responsibility to grow the eff up. It's possible. He just isn't doing it. Kick him to the curb. You've got so many more great things ahead of you. Embrace being a single mommy. Sometimes I kinda wish I was too. Lol. You can do it. Good luck. You're going to be an awesome mother, with or without him. Just keep telling yourself that and hold yourself to that standard and it will happen. :)
Teen Mama Support - Johnathan&Taylor.11.13.10
"Let he who is without sin cast the first stone"
First off being he is the father it would be selfish to keep him away from his child. I know it seems hard well i mean it is hard but it just means its time to focus on you and your little one. Its sad to see someone you care so much about the father of your child to be so uncaring, selfish, and just plain mean. But I'm sure he is filled with tons of emotions. This without a doubt will change both of your lives. Its a scary thought that what you do and what you say will effect every aspect of your child's life and at 15 it is even scarier. I'm sure he loves you and your child but is also conflicted with the fact of the unknown will we work out?, Will she find someone better?, What will I do for fun? or will I have fun? Talking and finding a compromise will take time. i honestly hope it works out because it seems like that is what you want. But please don't wait forever because you are beautiful inside and out and if it doesn't work out with him it only means god had someone really special for a girl like you.
What's on your mind?
Ubuntu Security Notice (C) 2005-2013 Canonical, Inc. / NASL script (C) 2006-2013 Tenable Network Security, Inc.
Synopsis :
The remote Ubuntu host is missing one or more security-related patches.
Description :
David Watson discovered that 'umount -r' removed some restrictive
mount options like the 'nosuid' flag. If /etc/fstab contains
user-mountable removable devices which specify the 'nosuid' flag
(which is common practice for such devices), a local attacker could
exploit this to execute arbitrary programs with root privileges by
calling 'umount -r' on a removable device.
This does not affect the default Ubuntu configuration. Since Ubuntu
mounts removable devices automatically, there is normally no need to
configure them manually in /etc/fstab.
Solution :
Update the affected packages.
Risk factor :
High / CVSS Base Score : 7.2
(CVSS2#AV:L/AC:L/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C)
Family: Ubuntu Local Security Checks
Nessus Plugin ID: 20595 ()
Bugtraq ID:
CVE ID: CVE-2005-2876
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best website experience. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this - but if you want, you can opt out of all cookies by clicking below.Social networking sites are a great way to meet and connect with new people, such as cops. DNAinfo New York writes:.
.
Facial Recognition hits are not legally considered “probable cause” for cops to make an arrest, but it provides investigators with a roadmap to follow to obtain other photographs to present to victims to identify suspects.GREEK POETRY
This project received 1 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of €250 EUR.Get free quotes for a project like this
Skills Required
Project BudgetN/A
Total Bids1
Project Description
writing poetry in verse GREEK. the project is delivered on GREEK on copyright for translation intoAlso on these boards
Related Pins
I'm not normally a fan of white walls but I adore this. Especially the green nightstand with the blue/white rug and quilt. Beachy, modern bedroom: by xJavierx, via Flickr ~
Warm and Cozy..love the curtains for tall windows..nice fan...mix natural woods with painted wood and textiles
Bed Linens.....whoopee, found some that are masculine, but not totally UN-feminine.
Trending on Gardenista: Porches, Tents, and Teepees
I want this for my teeny tiny room at the cottage. Too bad the top bunk containing my kids kind of ruins the whole shelf idea :0)
OMG my daughters will love this!! Don't get any ideas...I'm not making it!!! Too much applique and too many little shapes...but we can admire others work ;)
Nautical bedroom
Ocean view pillow by ARTnBED
For my imaginary Beach House
Beach Euro sham "Chairs on the Beach" | artnbed - Housewares on ArtFire
cushion, beach scene
Beach Pillow
bringing the adventure into the bed :) great DIY craft ideaIn a sign of the potential strength of the nascent electric truck market in the United States, the American division of the U.K.’s Smith Electric Vehicles has acquired its parent company.
Environment Forum
Electric truck maker Smith acquires U.K. parent.A retired teacher from Horsham is venturing into online publishing, with collections of short stories available for download to Kindle.
Derek McMillan, of Giblets Lane, told the County Times about writing his first story - The Mirror of Eternity.
“The first book I wrote was about teaching, it wasn’t a work of fiction,” he said, “this is the first work of fiction that I’ve done.
“I’ve always been interested in science fiction, in the idea of time travel.
“I have always used science fiction as a means of escape, both writing it and reading it.”
Derek lists his favourite authors as Isaac Asimov, Frank Herbert and Jack London. On the lighter side, he is also a fan of various incarnations of Douglas Adams’ Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, and of the TV series Red Dwarf.
The Mirror of Eternity and the other stories in the collection explore concepts of time travel, and of perceived realities and transient versions of ‘self’ created in cyberspace.
Science fiction writers who deal with time travel often come up against one or more theoretical paradoxes.
In The Mirror of Eternity, the narrator’s friend Xavier claims to have got around this problem by inventing the eponymous mirror - a device which allows the user to experience the past as a passive observer.
Things go awry because, as quantum physicists or Douglas Adams’ private detective Dirk Gently could have told him, it is not possible to observe something without affecting it.
The legends of King Arthur also have a clear influence: in the story Paradox, Lady of Shalott references hint at a link between her mirror - a substitute for interaction with reality - and the Mirror of Eternity, or the computer screen through which a version of the legend of Sir Gareth ‘Beaumains’ is experienced.
Derek has ten collections of short stories available at
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.This is an up-to-date, complete textbook covering virtually all aspects of adult and pediatric genitourinary cancer surgery with special emphasis on surgical techniques. Many of the 14 sections are preceded by a precise overview with special attention to historic background, cause and pathogenesis, clinical appearance, diagnosis, staging and preoperative evaluation, treatment, surgical objectives, perioperative care, and prognosis and results of specific therapy.
The first eight sections concern the following adult genitourinary tract cancers: adrenal, kidney, renal pelvic and ureteral, retroperitoneal, prostate, bladder, testis and penis, and urethra. One section is devoted to pediatric tumors with an emphasis on neuroblastoma, Wilms' tumor, and genitourinary rhabdomyosarcoma. The remaining sections are devoted to important related aspects of nonsurgical management, such as chemotherapy, radiation therapy, radiologic diagnosis, and medical and psychiatric aspects of the patient with cancer. The chapter on general principles of chemotherapy is a classic.
The various surgical approaches for each.Grants Accounting
Subrecipient Monitoring Procedures
Definition
A sub-recipient is the legal entity to which a sub-award is made and is accountable for the use of the funds provided to perform a portion of the work covered by a prime agreement.
Sub-awards do not include agreements for consulting services or purchase orders for equipment, materials or other service, which are considered vendor activity. Click here for further guidance.
Responsibilities: Principal Investigator
- Obtaining the signed agreement with sub-recipient and send copy to Grants Accountant. For assistance in developing the agreement, contact Grants Administration. At a minimum, the agreement must include:
- Performance period
- Programmatic goals and objectives
- Financial budget
- Key personnel
- Structure and frequency for financial reimbursement
Additionally, if funded directly or indirectly by federal funds, the agreement should include:
- Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) number;
- Requirement for compliance to federal regulations, including applicable Cost Principles
and Uniform Administrative Requirements;
- If total federal funds received by the sub-recipient is over $500,000, an OMB Circular
A-133 audit must be obtained;
- For organizations that do not meet the threshold for an OMB Circular A-133 audit,
additional information regarding their financial systems should be obtained. Click here
for the financial questionnaire. Contact the Grants Accountant for additional assistance.
2. Reviewing the invoice(s) and supporting documentation submitted by the sub-recipient, to
ensure that the information is sufficient, charges are appropriate and correspond to the
identified objectives and budget of the agreement.
3. Periodic programmatic monitoring, and on-site visits, as necessary.
Responsibilities: Grants Accountant
- After receiving the executed sub-award, facilitating the discussion between Procurement Services and the Department regarding the setup of a purchase requisition and order for the sub-award. All sub-awards, because they involve the purchase of services, must follow the University’s purchasing policies related to contractual services. Click here to view the University’s purchasing policy (see Contractual Services on page 5).
- Tracking receipt of each sub-recipient's OMB Circular A-133 report, which are due nine months after sub-recipient’s financial year ends.
- Reviewing A-133 report for compliance to grant requirements and prepare a determination notice to the sub-receipient.
a. If corrective action is needed, a response must be requested from the sub-recipient.
The sub-recipient will be required to answer the response within a two week time frame.
b. The Grants Accountant must issue a final determination letter no later than six months
after the receipt of the sub-recipient’s A-133 report.
4. When applicable, provide GVSU’s third party cost sharing and in-kind forms. Ensure that
completed forms are received from the sub-recipient(s) in a timely manner.
5. Upon request of the Principal Investigator or University’s Controller, perform on–site visits when
circumstances warrant additional verification.
Page last modified April 18, 2014HOME NFL Cleveland Browns Gear Cleveland Browns Mens Cleveland Browns Mens T-Shirts Cleveland Browns Mens T-Shirts Short Sleeved (107 items) Product ID: 1097558
Main Content
Order as many items as you like with our $4.99 flat rate shipping.
This item ships within one business day.
Order as many items as you like with our $4.99 flat rate shipping.
Need it faster?
Description
Football season is not for the faint of heart. Brown
- Imported
-.Fair Isle Favorites: 9 Patterns to Try Stranded Knitting
January 10th, 2013:
- Learn to Knit Colorwork: Fair Isle, Intarsia, and Duplicate Stitch
- 10 Projects to Learn New Skills: Colorwork
- melodieGreen Bay Packers head coach Mike McCarthy was the bearer of bad news Monday, as his weekly Monday press conference was littered with questions about the deteriorating health of his football team.
In fact, McCarthy was delayed over a half an hour in getting to the press conference because his meeting with team doctors was so lengthy.
"I apologize for being late," McCarthy said. "I'll start with the medical report." Good idea, Mike.
The most concerning of injuries McCarthy discussed was the concussion suffered by quarterback Aaron Rodgers on the last play of his afternoon Sunday. Rodgers, whose interception on the play set up the Redskins' winning field goal, was struck in the helmet by a Washington blitzer and was unable to attend his normal post-game questioning with reporters.
McCarthy was unsure of Rodgers' availability for next Sunday, but made it clear that he would miss some practice time this week.
Concussions have become a prominent theme in the 2010 season, with the NFL and team doctors focusing more and more on protecting the long term health of NFL players. Meaning that, even if Rodgers thinks he's able to play, he'll have to pass a battery of tests before that option is made available to the Packers.
If Rodgers can't go Sunday against the Miami Dolphins, the Packers will be forced to turn to Matt Flynn, a 2008 seventh-round draft choice who has never started an NFL game.
Flynn is mostly an unknown, and you'd have to figure that the Packers offense would suffer mightily if in fact Flynn is forced into duty. The Dolphins defense is ranked seventh in the NFL in yards given up (299/game), so Flynn would have his hands full in his first career start.
It wouldn't be a stretch to think the Packers would be underdogs in Lambeau Field if Flynn is the scheduled starter. If the Packers fell to 3-3, Green Bay would be in serious trouble as the upcoming schedule does them absolutely no favors.
The injuries don't stop there, however. McCarthy announced that tight end Jermichael Finley will undergo arthroscopic knee surgery that will keep him out of the Packers lineup three to six weeks. It's another blow to an offense that struggled to score points Sunday in a 16-13 loss to the Redskins.
However, Finley's replacement wasn't immune to the injury bug either. Donald Lee, who's fumble on the Packers first possession set up Finley's injury, also injured his shoulder/chest and could possibly miss two weeks.
That leaves the Packers thin at tight end, a position that was as deep a position as the Packers possessed heading into Week One of the season. The load will have to be picked up by two rookies, Andrew Quarless and Tom Crabtree.
If there is a bright spot to the injuries, it's that the Packers will get a good look at both Quarless and Crabtree and how they'll fare in leading roles.
Quarless was efficient filling in for Finley Sunday, as he caught four passes for 51 yards including a 21-yard catch that set up Mason Crosby's clank off the left upright with one second remaining in regulation. Quarless is big and athletic, in the same mold as Finley, but the Packers will miss Finley's big play potential while he is out.
Crabtree has seen the field in big sets for the Packers already this season. Crabtree has the ability to fill in for Lee as the blocking tight end, and I'm certain that Crabtree will get his chances in the passing game as well.
If Flynn is the starter Sunday, expect to see a good dose of Crabtree as the Packers will probably focus more on the running game with Rodgers out.
And while the offense certainly took a beating, the defense kept right up with its own extensive list of injuries.
Leading the way is Clay Matthews, who again injured his hamstring and was forced to sit out the majority of the fourth quarter against the Redskins. For anyone who doubts what Matthews brings to this defense, re-watch that fourth quarter and tell me if you see a difference. It was like night and day.
Matthews seemingly received good news, however, as it appears his injury is not as bad as the hamstring pull that kept him out of the preseason. That said, the chances of him not playing Sunday seem rather realistic.
Fellow outside backer Frank Zombo also found his way onto the injury list with a knee injury, and his status for Sunday is still up in the air.
If both are out, the Packers would be left with a combination of Brad Jones and Brady Poppinga for the outside linebacker positions in Green Bay's 3-4. It wouldn't be a stretch to then say the Packers will struggle Sunday getting pressure on the Miami Dolphins.
McCarthy also reported that Nick Barnett, while not injured Sunday, decided to have surgery on his wrist. His timetable for a return can't be set until after the surgery is done, but early estimates have it from anywhere between eight weeks and the rest of the season.
That means that Desmond Bishop will have to continue his solid play he displayed against the Redskins for the Packers defense not to miss a beat. Bishop recorded 13 tackles and a sack Sunday, and also did a commendable job covering Chris Cooley.
In more encouraging linebacking news, Brandon Chillar will try and practice this week. The Packers are taking things slow with Chillar and his chronic shoulder, and he'll be re-evaluated as the week progresses.
Defensive end Ryan Pickett has an ankle sprain, but McCarthy was unable to give a timeline on his injury. The replay looked serious, and there was never a chance that Pickett was going to return to the game. If Pickett can't go, the Packers will need second-round pick Mike Neal to fill the gap along the defensive line.
Lastly, it appears that Packers safety and special teamer Derrick Martin might be lost for the season. At the very least, McCarthy said Martin will miss a couple weeks after injuring his knee. He was in a lot of pain after the injury, and usually McCarthy gets a pretty good read whether or not the injury could be season-threatening.
Through five weeks, the Packers haven't got much of anything from Lady Luck. The injuries continue to mount, and Green Bay will be asking a lot out of its backups come Sunday to win a big game against the Miami Dolphins at home.
All the injuries posted above would be bad enough alone, but the Packers already have injuries to its starting running back (Ryan Grant, season), starting right tackle (Mark Tauscher, shoulder), starting safety (Morgan Burnett, ACL) and lead blocker (Quinn Johnson, glute).
Get your programs out, because once you add all these injuries up, and you're going to see a much different looking Green Bay Packers team come Sunday against Miami.Am I too late? Anyone know where I can find really good canning tomatoes in the Columbus/Mt Holly/Tabernacle Area?
I am not sure about the timing, but I'd look at Columbus Market first, for sure.
Thanks for the tip. I ended up finding a box of beautiful tomatoes at Red Top Market in Southampton.
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseWho steals from public television anyway? Apparently Erik Paulsen
Erik Paulsen just can't seem to keep himself out of trouble these days. Only recently was his party accused of darkening the skin color of his opponent, and now Twin Cities Public Television (TPT) is claiming Paulsen pirated its footage to advance his campaign..
As a non-partisan station, TPT "has never consented to use of our copyrighted materials by any political candidate or party," the organization wrote in a press release.
In previous campaigns, we have requested that candidates - Democrats, Independents and Republicans - cease use of similar material, and all have complied...Twin Cities Public Television has sent two formal requests to the Paulsen campaign to remove all TPT footage from their ad; as of today, that request has not been honored.
We are therefore issuing this statement, taking appropriate legal action...
Oh, burn.
We would show you the ad, but TPT's tenacity has paid off. After notifying YouTube of the copyright violation, the website pulled down the ad. "Since the Paulsen site was using an embedded version from YouTube, the ad was effectively removed from their site as well," says TPT spokesman Stephen Usery.
"Also," Usery adds. "We discovered an anti-Paulsen posting on YouTube that included several snippets of video from Almanac. We requested that the person who posted the clips remove them and he did so immediately."
Oh, double burn.
Sponsor ContentWhen Google launched its enhanced local listings it didn’t occur to me that they might violate FTC rules around disclosure of paid ads vs. “organic” results. Danny Sullivan wrote an extensive post at SEL about the issue last night: Google Blurs The Line Between Paid & Unpaid Results Again.
The bottom line I think is that these sponsored listings don’t affect Google’s algorithm in any way, according to what I was told. In other words, the listing would appear in the same position regardless of whether the business paid the $25. So I don’t think the program violates FTC rules as articulated. That would be a different story if Google were ranking the listing differently in terms of whether businesses paid the fee.
The other thing that’s interesting in my anecdotal observation — remember this program is only available in Houston and San Jose (CA) right now — is that the SMBs are using enhanced listings to stand out visually. In the example above the company is choosing to highlight its website, which you would get to anyway by clicking the law firm’s link. In other words, there’s no “enhanced” content there, just he yellow icon that makes the link more visually prominent.
Do you think that the enhanced listings program in any way runs afoul of the separation between “organic” and “paid” ads.Get Out of My Uterus.
Reflecting on the Politics of Extremism and Women’s (Reproductive) Rights.
Lately, I’m spending quite a bit of time being actually astonished about what is going on in the political landscape in the U.S. with regard to women. Yet, as Hillary Clinton said so pointedly in her speech this week at the Women in the World conference in New York, it’s not that surprising, because it’s a commonly repeated scenario. Perhaps, as Susan Faludi has argued, this backlash is actually a sign of progress. We can hope.
For more about the conference, visit the Women in the World reason why American conservative and religious leaders are doing their very best to crack down on sexuality. It threatens a system built on predictability, logic and the survival of a moral code based on […][astralpancakes] wireless arcade stick project looks like a great place to start if you want a simple project. Well constructed arcade sticks can cost $100+, but with all the MAME cabinet builders, the parts have become easy to acquire. The stick has a rigid wooden case with a metal faceplate. All of the component connections are soldered to the pads of a Logitech wireless controller. [astralpancakes] built this specifically to play Street Fighter III: 3rd Strike.
Le Tour de France: the vocab of le vélo
Spectators the next three weeks the world’s top cyclists will battle it out over 3,500km of the most brutal French terrain, this year commencing with 549km in Britain. Such is the popularity of cycling that some of the new words added to the Oxford Dictionary Online this May were bike-related, including sportive and its Italian brother, gran fondo. So to further get you in the mood, why not strap on that helmet, shave those legs, and let us embark on a Tour de la langue du cyclisme.
Le vélo
First things first, we will need a trusty steed to ride upon. The Oxford English Dictionary’s first recorded use for the term bicycle is from 1868, according to current research. It originally referred to a kind of two-wheeled velocipede (from Latin velox, meaning ‘swift’, and pes, meaning ‘foot’), with pedals fitted directly to the slightly larger front wheel. Bicycle was more generally used in the 1870s for the high-wheeled ordinary or penny farthing, which, having solid rubber tyres and one very large wheel at the front, was more comfortable than the velocipede with its iron tyres, and required less effort to achieve faster speeds. The low-wheeled safety bicycle, similar in design to most bicycles today – with two equal-sized wheels, a diamond-shaped frame, chain-driven rear wheel, and pneumatic tyres – followed in the late 1870s and led to a huge worldwide boom in cycling.
L’équipe
Once you’ve got a bike, these days preferably made of lightweight materials such as carbon fibre or chromoly, you need a team, or équipe, around you. The Tour de France features twenty-two teams of nine men, each team featuring one captain and eight domestiques. A domestique, literally translating from French as ‘servant’, is a support rider. Their main aim is to protect the captain from the competition, and help him reserve as much energy as possible so that it can all be used at the vital moments of the race.
La formation
When are cyclists like geese? No it’s nothing to do with their thighs, it’s the way they both travel in echelon formation. Echelon comes from the French word for ladder, and was originally used as a military term referring to the formation of troops. In geology if something is en echelon it is in approximately parallel formation at an oblique angle to a particular direction; in French literally meaning ‘in rung formation’. Coming back to cycling, in simple terms it means that the riders position themselves in a ‘v’ shape, just like when geese fly together. The riders in the echelon will rotate through from the sheltered side to the front and then pull off back on the windward side, this method being the most efficient way of using the group’s energy to cut through the wind and maintain a high average speed.
La rapidité
We’re powering along in echelon formation, but why does someone keep shouting ‘cadence!’? The word originates in late Middle English, meaning ‘rhythm or metrical beat’, and comes via Old French from Italian cadenza, which in its turn is based on Latin cadere meaning ‘to fall’. In cycling it refers to pedal rhythm, measured by the number of revolutions of the crank per minute. The optimal cycling cadence should perfectly balance power with endurance.
Le peloton
Optimal cycling cadence is achieved, riding en echelon is helping us to cope with the crosswinds, and we have found ourselves in the leading group, known as the peloton. The word has had an interesting journey: in fifteenth-century France peloton meant little ball, especially of thread. By 1616 it referred to a small body of soldiers, by 1855 it referred to a group of sporting competitors, and then by 1884 it began to refer specifically to cycling.
La fatigue
The only thing that can stop us now is if we bonk. I’ll leave you to make your own jokes. While runners hit the wall, cyclists bonk. It refers to a state of utter exhaustion, and can leave riders feeling weak and giddy.
La victoire
If we manage not to bonk, we may be in line for one of les maillots, the famous jerseys. The maillot jaune, or yellow jersey, is the most famous, which is worn by the overall leader of the race. The maillot a pois is also rather fetching – the wearer of this red and white polka dot jersey is deemed ‘King of the Mountains’, the rider who has performed the best at the mountain stages.
La fin
As we recover at the end of the race, happy with our strong performance, our fellow riders may say “chapeau” to us. They are not complimenting us on our stylish headwear, but are indicating respect for our achievements, much like someone may doff (a Middle English contraction of ‘do off’) one’s cap.
Consider your Tour de France cycling proficiency test complete. Oxford Words wishes you swiftness of foot in all your bicycling endeavours. Now where’s my domestique, I need to conserve some energy.
The opinions and other information contained in OxfordWords blog posts and comments do not necessarily reflect the opinions or positions of Oxford University Press.We found 9 sites within 64 miles of Carbost with 3 bookable
Let us help you find more search results…
Try increasing your search radius to within 74, 84, 94, 104 miles of Carb...Knapp, Andrew
From Library of Congress Name Authority File
Knapp, Andrew
URI(s)
Instance Of
Scheme Membership(s)
Collection Membership(s)
Exact Matching Concepts from Other Schemes
Sources
- found: Mény, Y. Government and politics in Western Europe, 1993: CIP t.p. (Andrew Knapp) galley (lect. in French studies, Univ. of Reading, U.K.)
Change Notes
- 1992-11-27: new
Alternate Formats Orient in the Hispanic Wor(l)d”
Call for Presentations
The editors seek abstracts for essays sharing advice, unique stories or sage wisdom for graduate students at all levels.
The American author Charles Morley once said: “The bicycle, the bicycle surely, should always be the vehicle of novelists and poets.” As Morley’s quote suggests, many people have perceived an in
Book Reviews for Newly Published Creative Fiction & Poetry Works
full name / name of organization:
Rougarou: An Online Literary Journal
contact email:
rougaroubookreviews@gmail.com
Baptism of Fire: The Birth of Modern British Fantasy in World War I
edited by Janet Brennan Croft (Mythlore@mythsoc.org)
This conference focuses on the influence of cultural ‘legacies’ within current humanities research.
Concepts of, and related to, folklore and mythology are seemingly greater than ever, and as such we embrace a wide variety of takes on the panel's theme.
Ray Bradbury was writing science fiction during the infancy of the genre and gained mainstream popularity during the 1950s.
Link to CFP:
Keynotes:
- Dr Nick Davis, University of Liverpool
- Professor Chris Eccleston, University of Bath
Call for Papers / Call for Speakers
2013 AX Anime and Manga Studies Symposium
July 4 – July 7
Anime Expo 2013
Los Angeles Convention Center (Los Angeles, CA)
The American Humor Studies Association seeks papers for a panel, “Humor in the Digital Age,” for the 2013 South Atlantic Modern Language Association (SAMLA) Conference at the Marriott Atlanta from
3.2 ‘Neither Here Nor There: The (Non-)Geographical Futures of Comparative Literature’
Roald Dahl has been the recipient of a slew of insults from anti-Semite to misogynist to general misanthrope.
Neil Gaiman is considered one of the most popular authors of science fiction and fantasy alive today.
We invite papers for a special session on “Child Labor and American Modernism (1890-1930)” at the 111th annual conference of the Pacific Ancient and Modern Language Association (PAMLA) to be held
CfP: Time Travel in the Media
South Central Modern Language Association is accepting 250-500 word abstract/proposals for its session on Native American Literature.
Queens of the Marketplace: nineteenth-century women writers and the rise of the bestseller
We invite papers on theory and best practices of introducing ecological themes and/or ecocritical discourse into literature and content-based language curricula.
Call for Papers
Special Issue on Computational Models of Narrative
Literary & Linguistic Computing: The Journal of Digital Scholarship in the Humanities
Seeking 150-200 word abstracts on eco-approaches to texts (primarily literary) for children and adolescents. This cfp is in response to the MLA 2014 theme--Vulnerable Times.
The Common Core State Standards is an education initiative that is making sweeping changes to the ways that literature will be taught in K-12 schools in the United States.
A Call For Papers
Fall narratives: an interdisciplinary perspective
18th-19th June 2014, University of Aberdeen, Scotland
Update: Deadline for submissions is fast approaching! Please submit by 15th March.
“Purity is the power to contemplate defilement.” – Simone Weil).Need 100 % Real Indian 20k+ Youtube Views For A Video in 1 Day
This project received 4 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of $30 USD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Project Budget$30 - $250 USD
Total Bids4
Project Description...
Milky Monday
3 weeks ago
4 comments:
I'm very pleased for you. Well done.
Hang in there. I'm a 22 year cancer survivor! I was 28 when I was diagnosed. My story is in a book I've co-authored with my 2 friends, Choosing to Smile.
Nice to know that your treatment results showed normal. My best wishes and prayers for you all the time.
Nice sharing and keep posting.FiiO E5 vs. FiiO E6: No Wrong Answers
The FiiO E5 and E6 are twins but this does not mean they are identical. Although they share particular similarities, it would be a mistake to consider them interchangeable or to overlook the distinct characteristics of each. Each amp offers particular qualities that make them unique and better suited for different tastes and demands. In the following, the E5 and E6 will be compared and contrasted on various points including construction, user interface, and most importantly, sound.
Construction
At first glance, the E6 shares one obvious quality with its younger predecessor: portability. Like the E5, the E6 is remarkably compact and easy to take anywhere. Both units are designed to seamlessly integrate with portable music devices for powerful headphone amplification in virtually any setting.
Where the E6 begins to differ from the E5 is in its construction materials and design. Unlike the E5 which featured an aluminum housing with matte black finish and a fixed clip of the same material, the E6 is constructed entirely out of plastic and finished with a glossy black coat. While the plastic construction of the E6 is may initially taken to be a shortcoming of the E6, it is sturdy and can reliably withstand the regular jostling that portable devices must be able to endure. Unfortunately, the glossy finish of the E6 is prone to unsightly scratches and smudging in a way that is absent from the E5. Moreover, the fixed clip of the E5 has been replaced by a removable plastic clip on the E6. A removable clip offers users the advantage of opting out of using a clip, but has effectively sacrificed the structural integrity of the clip. The E6 plastic clip is not as sturdy as the E5’s fixed clip. Perhaps in an effort to address the strength of the clip, FiiO includes two clips with the E6.
Features and Interface
Beyond their appearance, the user interface of the E6 has been completely redesigned from that of the E5 and includes new features not found on the E5. A single sliding switch allows
users to toggle between three EQ setting and holding the switch in position for 3 seconds turns the E6 off. EQ settings and charging status are indicated by a color changing LED that reflects through a plastic edge on the cut-away corner of the E6 for a sleek and attractive look. Unlike the E5 which featured a flat or bass boost selection, the E6 features more options in the way of EQ settings. Users have the option to select from flat, EQ1, and EQ2 bass boost settings each applying a noticeable change in sound character. Unfortunately, more does not mean better.
In this case, the bass boost settings of the E6 are notably overwhelming. In particular, the EQ1 setting might be exactly what bass-heads are looking for but poses a noticeable problem for individuals seeking a complex and detailed bass response. The EQ2 setting delivers a palatable alternative to the gushing bass, but does not offer the type of clear and balanced bass of the E5’s single bass boost setting.
Nonetheless, one aspect in which the E6 does carry a clear advantage is in volume adjustment. While the volume adjustment button has remained the same, the E6 offers a 64 step volume gradient compared to the E5’s 32 step volume gradient. The expanded volume gradient allows users to personally define the volume level. On the other hand, the E6 and E5 are both silent in their adjustment, allowing users to change the volume levels without interfering with the quality of the reproduction–a reproduction which is impressively clean and neutral.
Sound Quality
Like any good amp, the signal should not be tainted by the amp’s circuitry. On this count, the E6 delivers surprisingly well. Unlike the E5 which is slightly colored by hiss, the E6 features reduced hiss and does not have perceptible coloration on its default flat setting. Even at high volume levels, the hiss remains low. Moreover, the E6 does not produce a loud pop when turned on and prevents damage to the drivers from the sudden spike in voltage. The absence of a loud pop is also a quality that the E5 proudly shares with many FiiO amps including the E6.
Conclusion
Both the E6 and E5 are excellent portable amps. Both headphone amps deliver a neutral response with low distortion levels across the frequency response. Each have the ability to drive high impedance headphones with reliably powerful output. Whether you choose to the E5 or E6, neither will be a sacrifice in quality. It is really a matter of what preference. I personally own the E5 and it suits my purposes especially well– nothing is quite as thrilling as listening to Richard Wagner’s “Der Fliegende Hollander” with a bass response that really makes the instruments breathe. Either way you go, FiiO E6 or E5 will both deliver high quality.For October, I thought we should go back to the 90s. Back to when we got two books a year. Back to Bantam Publishing! The Truce at Bakura by Kathy Tyers, picks up immediately after Return of the Jedi. The plot is a self-contained story about the Empire’s and the Rebel Alliance's efforts to save the population of Bakura from an invasion by the lizard-like Ssi-ruuk. One of my favorites, the book is the first to feature an extra-galactic threat—one that comic readers had read in the old Marvel, and a theme that would reappear years later in the NJO series of books. The novel also has one of the first religions in the Star Wars universe – one that sees the Jedi/Sith as immoral. The next novel, The Crystal Star by Vonda N. McIntyre, is perhaps best known for being consistently at the top of fans' lists of the worst Star Wars books ever published. Hey, it’s Halloween right? Well, the book is not bad at all, but it is weird as Sith. Its plot about a secret cult surrounding a being from another dimension is certainly odd in the Star Wars universe, at best. The Crystal Star is notable for being the first novel to focus on the Solo children as characters. Twisty and I read this book to each other every night. The The Hutt Gambit: Book Two of the Han Solo Trilogy by A.C. Crispin goes back in time, exploring Han Solo's life before the Rebel Alliance. The Hutt Gambit develops Han Solo's partnership with Chewbacca and entrance into the world of smuggling under Jabba the Hutt. True, this is the middle of a three book cycle, but stands alone very well. The plot points of the first book are retold, and re-retold, in the narrative: and besides, it is Han Solo! You know him! Of course, you are more than welcome to read all three books, and will get bonus points for doing so. Like the OT, the middle one is the best of the three.The Love Calculator 1.7
The Love Calculator 1.7 Full Download Summary
File size: 164 kB
Platform: Windows2000, Windows2003, WinXP, Windows Vista
License: Freeware
Price: FREE
Downloads: Total: 2074 | This Month: 2
Released: 2006-06-28
Publisher: Opera Widgets
Publisher URL:
The Love Calculator 1.7 Full Description.
Requirements:Opera 9 or later
The Love Calculator 1.7 Screenshot
The Love Calculator 1.7 Keywords
The Love Calculator 1.7 Free Download Notice
Top 4 Download periodically updates software information of The Love Calculator 1.7 full version from the publisher, but some information may be slightly out-of-date.
Using warez version, crack, warez passwords, patches, serial numbers, registration codes, key generator, pirate key, keymaker or keygen for The Love Calculator 1.7 license key is illegal and prevent future development of The Love Calculator 1.7. Download links are directly from our mirrors or publisher's website, The Love Calculator 1 Love Calculator 1 Love Calculator 1.7 - Post Your Review
The Love Calculator 1.7 Related Software
The Matrix Code Internet Explorer Theme .9
The Avengers For New Tab 1.0.0
Turn Off the Lights Browser Extension 1.0
AskSoft Combine FREE 0.0.1
Fix IE Utility 1.0
My Software
Related Search
Popular Search
Software Picks
- HttpWatch Professional Edition 10.0.11
- Microsoft Silverlight 4 4.0.60831.0
- Facebook Toolbar 1.7.2
- HttpWatch Basic Edition 10.0.20
- WiseStamp 4.2.290 Beta
- AI RoboForm 7.9.13.5
- Microsoft Silverlight 5.1.40416.0
- Teleport Pro 1.69
- NoScript 2.6.9.23 RC 2
- Flagfox 5.0.15
- AniWeather for Chrome 0.8.50
- Icloud
- Greasemonkey 3.2 Beta 2
- NoScript for Mac OS X 2.6.9.23 RC 2
- NewsBin Pro 6.42 Build 2146Pro Wrestling Goes Mainstream – Randy Savage as Rasslor
Hello and welcome back to the Pro Wrestling Culture Cloud (PW2C)! First and foremost, a belated Merry Christmas to all Christians out there, hoping that you shared some good moments with your families and friends. Speaking of the Holidays, I was wondering whether anybody would be interested in a list of funny promos or gimmick matches that take place at this time of the year. I’ve got a better idea, let’s leave the squared circle for a moment and enjoy appearances made by wrestlers in different TV shows. If this is your first time reading the PW2C column, I encourage you to take a look at this pro wrestling glossary in order to get more familiar with some terms.
The Show: Dexter’s Laboratory
If you are a 90s kid just like myself, chances are you watched a lot of Cartoon Network programs during your childhood. Dexter’s Laboratory is one of their original shows and features a genius young boy with a unique Russian-like accent going by the name of Dexter. He has a secret laboratory with an infinite amount of space and inventions, much to the delight of his biggest threat; his own sister Dee Dee. Episodes of the show were generally 25 minutes long divided into three 7-minute short episodes. These episodes sometimes shifted interests toward secondary stories that turned into regular segments such as Dial M for Monkey, where Dexter’s lab pet Monkey secretly transforms into a superhero and fights all sorts of crime.
The Episode: Rasslor (Watch here, starting at the 7:15 mark)
This is where our legendary Macho Man comes in. The episode is part of the Dial M for Monkey segment where Randy Savage does the voice acting for the Evil character of the day; Rasslor. Managed by Promotor, an alien fly whose hair parodies -or pays tribute to- the famous boxing promoter Don King, Rasslor comes to planet Earth to challenge its best fighters into a wrestling match and threatens to destroy the planet if no contender beats him.
Enough spoilers already. All in all, the episode has been put pretty well. The wrestling part has been portrayed quite nicely with several real moves and submissions, especially considering how many flops the wrestling world has been subject to in mainstream media. This episode can be enjoyed by any age group, whether you are a nostalgic gimmick-wrestling fan of the 80s and early 90s, or just a young kid who loves cartoons. “OOH YEAH!”
Download - iPhone | Android | iPad
Thanks in favor of sharing such a fastidious thinking, piece of writing is good, thats why
i have read it entirelyDunson ft. John Legend - Cross Town Lovers (Remix)
Featuring: John Legend
Producer: Phatboiz
Album: Unreleased
Avg Rating:
4.0 ( 1 votes )
Last DownloadsR&B/PopIndie
Written by richard on Feb 18, 2014
More from Dunson
Submit your Rating
You Might Like...
Featured Video
DJBooth TV
TOP 20 MUSIC CHARTS
Discover the best new songs, videos, and albums added to the Booth.John Cena & The Wyatts, Santino Marella’s School Hosting Ric Flair Event, Bruno Sammartino
- years.
(Partial source: Wrestling Observer Newsletter)Via CIDRAP, Lisa Schnirring writes: China reports 14 more H7N9 cases, 3 fatal. Excerpt:
Over the past 3 days, China reported 14 new H7N9 influenza infections, including 4 in children and 3 fatal cases.
Lunar New Year celebrations are winding down in China, and health officials are watching to see what impact that might have on the pace of human cases. Global health groups have warned that the surge of human cases could continue, fueled by increases in poultry trade and transport, as well as heavy volume of travel as families gather to observe the holiday season..
China's steady stream of H7N9 cases has averaged about 5 to 7 a day over the past few weeks, and the latest reports puts the total close to the 300 case mark since the disease was first detected in people last spring.
For comparison, it took H5N1 avian flu—another closely watched virus that can pass from poultry to people—4 years for the global total to reach 263 cases. China passed that mark for H7N9 last week after less than a year of outbreak activity.Jennifer Love Jonas does have a pretty nice ring to it…
Are Joe Jonas and Jennifer Love Hewitt a hot new couple? Only on TV! The two stars reprise their previous roles on the Jan. 25 episode of TV Land’s Hot In Cleveland, and this time around, they’re hearing wedding bells. Joe plays the son of Valerie Bertinelli‘s character Melanie, while J-Love plays the daughter of Wendie Malick‘s ultra-glamorous Victoria — and it looks like neither mom is thrilled with the impending nuptials.
So how will it all end? You’ll have to tune in Jan. 25 to find out, but in the meantime, enjoy this sneak peek video of the episode:.
In selecting compliant companions instead of more aggressive members of the same species, humans may have inadvertently picked animals with mild neural crest cell defects, say geneticist Adam Wilkins of Humboldt University of Berlin, Harvard primatologist Richard Wrangham and evolutionary biologist and cognitive scientist W. Tecumseh Fitch of the University of Vienna. Lab animals with defects in neural crest migration are known to have smaller adrenal glands. If domestication has the same effect, the smaller glands should produce fewer stress hormones, which would reduce the animals’ stress levels and fear of humans and make them friendlier than their wild brethren, the team reasoned. Neural crest cells are so important in development that messing with them is bound to have many unintended consequences, such as the physical traits common across domesticated animals, the researchers posit.
“I think we may have the basic answer to something that’s been a puzzle for a long time,” says Wilkins.
Since 1868, when Charles Darwin first documented the signature changes in appearance that accompany domestication, researchers have invented just-so stories, which can’t be tested, to explain each characteristic’s development, says Greger Larson, an evolutionary biologist at Durham University in England. None of the many suggestions, Larson says, “have been particularly satisfying.”
But he is excited about the new hypothesis because it offers a fresh perspective on why so many disparate aspects of domesticated animals’ appearance change along with their behavior. He also applauds the researchers for offering a testable theory.
The idea was born in 2011, when Wilkins bumped into Wrangham at the Stellenbosch Institute of Advanced Study in South Africa. As Wilkins tells it, he was photocopying research papers about neural crest cells for a book he is writing on the human face. Wrangham told Wilkins that he, too, was interested in neural crest cells, but because of their possible role in domestication, a notion Fitch had planted in his mind several years earlier.
The two knew that other scientists had linked defects in neural crest cell migration to spotted coat colors, short jaws and small adrenal glands. Working with Fitch, they found more evidence in published research that deficits in the number, movement or action of neural crest cells could also cause the whole suite of physical and behavioral changes in domesticated animals. The only common domestication trait the researchers could not link to neural crest cells was curly tails.
The neural crest cell defects are probably the result of changes in dozens of genes, each producing a small effect on the cells’ behavior, the researchers propose.
But Anna Kukekova, an animal geneticist at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, who studies tame and aggressive silver foxes, says she sees a flaw: The physical and behavioral traits of domestication syndrome don’t always go together.
For instance, she says, when researchers bred tame and aggressive rats, white spots appeared just as often on the coats of mean as on friendly rodents. The result may indicate that tameness and coat color don’t have the same underlying causes, Kukekova says.
Larson, however, thinks the team is on the right track. But he says that they’ve ignored recent research, especially a hypothesis put forward by Susan Crockford.
Crockford, a zoologist and evolutionary biologist at the University of Victoria in Canada, suggests that changes in levels of thyroid hormone during early development could affect the entire constellation of domesticated characteristics.
“Thyroid hormone from the mother strongly affects embryonic development from the moment of conception onward,” she says. The hormone’s action may also impair neural crest cell movement, and is the ultimate source of the domestication traits, she says.
“The good thing about their hypothesis is that it is eminently testable: that, of course, is what makes it science,” Crockford says.
However, none of the three researchers who put forward the idea have labs set up to do the genetics, molecular and developmental biology and embryology needed to test it and will need other researchers to provide experimental evidence that either supports or falsifies their argument, Wilkins says. “Here we’ve had this had bright idea, but we’re asking other people to do the hard work.”.
F.W. Albert et al. Genetic architecture of tameness in a rat model of animal domestication. Genetics. Vol. 182, June 2009, p. 541. doi: 10.1534/genetics.109.102186.
T.H. Saey. Tamed fox shows domestication's effects on the brain. Science News Online, May 15, 2013.5 Reasons Location Is The Smartphone's Killer Map
Are you sitting somewhere comfy? Because right at this moment, your smartphone is likely calculating and then sharing your seated location. But don't worry: You are far from alone. Location-sharing services are on the rise. Here, the big reasons for the trend in personal placement.
1. Facebook's Ads
Recently Facebook began a beta-test of its first mobile advertising system. It's not a straightforward Facebook ad-placement scheme, instead it means Facebook will place banner adverts that may appeal to you, personally, into other apps and sites based on targetable criteria in your Facebook profile. Advertising partners choose their demographic, and when a user visits a site or app that's in the ad system their ID is whisked off to Facebook, which responds if there's an ad that fits that demographic.
The triggers that set off the ads include all sorts of things from Likes, your age and gender—and your location.
Essentially Facebook's leveraging its array of user data, including location, to ensure that when a user visits a site signed up to Facebook's ads they see banner adverts that are more specifically suited to you. The hope is that it'll attract you more than the usual banner ads we all ignore online because they're for items that are of no interest to us.
But it also means that you're paying for the ads—not in cash, but in allowing Facebook to fit your data to an advertiser's profile. And one of the bits of data you're sharing here is your location. For a long time location-specific advertising has made sense, simply because it allows hyper-precise targeting. But in terms of mobile computing it's never been very precise because you don't take your computer everywhere and it doesn't have GPS. Your smartphone, of course, does.
2. Weasley's Family Locator
Remember the clock that the Weasley family has in Harry Potter? It doesn't have hands to tell the time, instead its arms point to the location of the different family members ... by magic. Turns out that there are apps that let you do that right now. Apple's Find My Friends is one of them, and it's integrated directly into the OS so you can even ask Siri something like: "Where's my wife?"
But the Life360 iOS app does this same trick in a much more family-orientated way, and says it has over 15 million registered users. It's even a little like the Weasley clock because it can include safety and threat locations.
In terms of disaster scenarios, apps like this are probably incredibly useful. They may also play a role for those nervous of their spouse's dangerous jobs or, let's face it, over-protective parents (who insist their kids sign up to the location data or else they lose privileges). Find My Friends is quite definitely useful in trying to coordinate meeting up in an unfamiliar place—instead of picking a landmark and meeting there, which includes navigating your way in a strange location, you can just use the app's mapping powers.
Odds are that where we were maybe nervous of sharing our location, many more of us will be using systems like this in the future because of their obvious benefits.
3. Navigator Ads
Telmap Navigator is a free GPS navigator app for some smartphones, with its free price enabled by embedded advertising. One way this ad system works is to have "branded widgets" that appear in the app's systems and its homepage. Ad partners buy the widgets to tempt app users to tap on them in the hope they'll chose that brand over another. The system jus launched in South Africa, and it's been reported that when the app went to number one on the Apple App Store brands like KFC, BP, and Nando's saw "huge benefits." The widgets tell users where nearby outlets for that brand are, and they're interactive so they can navigate you there, call the store, or share the info on social media.
The app's users get a facility that quickly helps them find a restaurant or a gas station, the brands get the additional traffic and eyeball-time for their logos, and they also get monthly metric data about clicks and click-to-drive which lets them work out how effective the ads are.
This is another form of location-based advertising, but unlike Facebook's system it's user-initiated. Competition for visibility in front of the user happens at the ad-partner side, and the goal is to deliver genuine services to users of navigation apps rather than to merely show them a graphical ad.
This sort of location-specific ad interactivity is only really possible in smartphones, and it allows alternative business models for the app developer point of view. It may be something we see more of, and become happier using.
4. Google's Siri, Apple's Siri
Google Now was featured in Technology Review recently, with the interesting idea that this may be the style in which Google competes with Apple's personal digital assistant. Instead of a reactive voice control system, Google may be focusing on Now's ability to pre-empt user needs by delivering up specific information automatically. That could involve time-based alerts, but also location-based alerts: Now, for example, can deliver live bus times to its users as they walk up to a bus stop. Apple's Passbook does something similar, via its location-aware alerts for boarding passes at airports and so on.
The whole point of a system like this is to save users a few seconds of time—time they would've spent searching for the information manually, or accessing a specific app that they knew contained it. To preempt user actions like this, it's vital that their smartphones and back-end data collation services at Apple and Google know where they are in real time, and that they have a sense of their previous habits (Now can alert you to delays on your journey to work, even before you set off, for example).
Again, while these systems are in their infancy now, it's arguable that we'll all end up using them more and more—and soon, too—because they're evidently incredibly useful. And by doing so, we'll be sharing our location with companies like Apple, Google, their advertising partners and third-party analytic firms.
5. The Foursquare Effect
So why is there this explosion in location-based services that require us to frequently share our absolute position—data that, if you think about it, is incredibly personal and potentially sensitive?
Partly it's the fact that smartphone and tablet penetration has reached critical mass. A recent Pew study reported that 50% of U.S. adults now have a smartphone or tablet. Many of these devices have precise GPS location facilities, or their location can be approximated via Wi-Fi networks they're connected to. Location-aware mobile advertising and the plethora of other mobile services only make sense when there's a large audience for it, and some services only make sense if lots of people are sharing their location (such as Apple's automated traffic alerts). So the smartphone is an enabling technology.
But it's also the fact that users are experimenting with sharing our location data in many different ways. Smartphones and tablets bring many more tricks and powers into our daily lives than we'd been able to imagine, and engaging with them has become an essential part of trying out the newest device.
When they're brand new, even pushed location-based adverts seem exciting and clever (versus tiresome and skippable, like TV ads perhaps) and that's the first step in becoming habituated to them. It's in Facebook's and Google's interest to expand their advertising powers like this. Back in 2010 Google released an extension of AdWords that allowed advertisers to deliver mobile pop-up ads in direct response to a user's location. Facebook revealed it was working on a mobile location-aware ad system back in February. Even Apple, which isn't the biggest player in the ad game, has filed a number of patents that allow hyper-precise location-based ads on the iPhone.
Foursquare is the best example of the radical change in location sharing. Since its debut in 2009 it's amassed 25 million users. GigaOm notes that right now it's evolving very rapidly into a local search system, and that it seems set to make money with its promoted updates ad business. Unlike some other ad services Foursquare can actually convert promoted ads into direct sales, because its very nature entices people to locations where they "check in." If 25 million people are prepared to use Foursquare and not just share their location data, but to actively broadcast it to the world, then it's arguable many more smartphone users would be happy to share at least part of their location data.
A new survey by LoyaltyOne points out that consumers are a little wary of sharing data thanks to controversies and a perceived lack of returned value—but 27% of the respondees were up for receiving promotional data automatically if they're near a retail outlet, more than a quarter would share their location if there was a chance to win prizes, and over half would do so for cash rewards.
[Image: Flickr user Dave77459]
Chat about this news with Kit Eaton on Twitter and Fast Company too.
Add New CommentThe final phase of the Enterprise Unified ProcessTM (EUP) lifecycle is Retirement, as shown in Figure 1. The goal of this. Table of Contents Overview Major activities Managing retirement efforts The release retirement milestone Translations 1. Overview. The final retirement of a system can be a different matter. In this case you cannot rely on a newer version of your system being available to supply the functionality which you are retiring. Instead this functionality, and the data which supports it, is either implemented by another system (often in a very different manner to the end user) or is completely removed. The implication is that you may have significant rework to do in order to update the other systems which interface to this functionality. Final retirement of a system is typically executed in parallel with the implementation of other system(s) which are replacing it, such as when an internally-developed system is replaced by a commercial off the shelf (COTS) solution. In these situations the two efforts must be closely coordinated and may even be staffed by the same personnel. Figure 1. The EUP lifecycle: 2013. 2. Major Activities Figure 2 depicts the workflow for the EUP Retirement phase. Figure 2. The Retirement phase workflow. The main activities of retirement are: Analyze system interactions. Most systems do not exist in isolation but rather interact with others systems in some fashion. As part of your retirement effort, you must identify the interactions, analyze them, and address each one via legacy integration modeling. Determine retirement strategy. Your strategy depends on your situation. First, if this is a new release of your system, you may need to perform simple data conversions, perhaps applying the collection of database refactorings implemented during the development cycle for this release as well as the new version of the application code. Second, when replacing an system with one developed in-house the team developing the replacement system will be responsible for architecting, designing, and implementing the interactions. They should do so following guidance from your enterprise architects, and the results of the legacy analysis, and seek to minimize the impact on other systems. Third, when replacing with a COTS system you will likely want to extend the COTS product, implying that you may opt to engage the COTS vendor to develop the additionally functionality you need. Fourth, completely retiring a system is the hardest case because you need to rework the external systems and may even cause the retirement of other systems because you have removed critical functionality which they cannot do without. You must work with the owners of the other systems and assist them in finding other sources for the information they need. Update the documentation. You will need to update a wide range of documentation, including your operations and support procedures, enterprise architecture models, system portfolio documentation, administration documentation, and system overview documentation (to note that it's been retired). Test. You must test your migration tools in a similar manner that you would test a system during the Transition phase. If you are following the evolutionary approach of the EUP you will be testing your migration and removal tools as you develop them. While it is desirable, you may not have the luxury of a test environment that supports all of your system, including all your data. If that is the case, make sure that the data you do have is a representative sample of the entire system. Migrate users. You will most likely not be able to simply turn off access to a system one day and be done with it. You must accommodate your end users by notifying them appropriately of the upcoming retirement and assisting them in migrating to other systems. Archive. The existing data, code, documentation, and other system artifacts must be properly archived so that it may be restored at a future date if required. System removal. This is often a complex task, as you must migrate and convert data, turn off access and remove all vestiges of the retiring system, and update all the others systems that interacted with the retiring system. It’s a good idea to take a complete backup of your system before you begin just in case you need to recreate the system in a hurry. From the point of view of the EUP disciplines, the following occurs: Analysis and Design. If the functionality of the system is to be provided by other system(s), then analysis and design of that effort is done. This typically includes a comprehensive analysis of the existing system, often called legacy analysis, to identify its coupling to other systems. The redesign and rework of other existing systems so that they no longer rely on the system being retired must be done. In addition, programs to remove the system and its data are designed. Implementation. Programs to remove the system and its data are developed. As necessary, changes are made to other systems that interface with the system to be retired and data are archived or migrated to other locations. Test. Programs to be used to retire the system are tested, as are systems that interfaced with the system after those systems are updated. Deployment. One of the final steps in the Retirement phase is the actual removal of the system. This entails removing the code and the data, translating remaining legacy data as appropriate, and deleting any scheduled jobs (including backups). Configuration and Change Management. Change requests and defect reports received during the Retirement phase against the outgoing system are typically not accepted although they may be reassigned to alternate systems. Fixes are rarely applied to a system that is slated to be removed and enhancement requests may be rejected entirely. The final configuration of the system to be retired is archived appropriately. Project Management. Activities in the retirement phase are managed, just as with other phases. Environment. Support environments are modified as needed during the Retirement phase. Operations and Support. The release to be retired must still be operated and supported until it is finally removed. Support is typically minimized during this phase as users are encouraged to discontinue use of the retired system. Portfolio Management. Portfolio managers must assess the impact of the removal of a system on the overall enterprise portfolio and react accordingly. They may examine the loss of major functionality, for example, and approve projects that provide something similar. Enterprise Architecture. The enterprise architects must update their “as is” models to reflect the fact that the system has been removed. Enterprise Administration. Retiring systems often require configuration changes to the enterprise to reflect the removal of the system. 3. Managing Retirement Although it is a phase in the EUP most retirement efforts are managed as a separate project. Simple systems are usually retired within a single iteration, during which the stakeholders are notified that the system is going away, access is turned off in an orderly fashion, and the system and documentation are removed. Of course, for non-trivial systems, this still entails a fair amount of work. Notifications must go out to all stakeholders, plans for alternate means of continued functionality must be made, and all vestiges of the systems must be found and removed. Large, complex, or heavily used systems may require multiple iterations. It’s not uncommon to retire systems that handle critical business functionality by running the system to be retired and the system that is replacing it in parallel for a period of time to ensure that the functionality is working properly in the new system. Only when the stakeholders are satisfied that the new system is satisfactory is the old system shut down. This provides the ability to verify that the new system is functionality appropriately by comparing it to the results of the old systems and also the option to quickly revert back to the old system if something goes wrong. It may add significant costs, however, in terms of hardware, support, and time spent running multiple systems in parallel and is often done only for crucial systems. Another variation is to retire the system incrementally – just as systems are developed incrementally, they’re often retired incrementally too. Portions of the systems are removed in parallel with the addition of similar functionality in other system(s). This can be much easier to manage that attempting to do it all at once, although it may take longer to do. The impact on users must be considered when attempting this – what is easier on them to retire it all at once or would they prefer to be migrated to the new system slowly? 4. The Release Retirement Milestone As you see in Figure 3 the Retirement phase ends with the Release Retirement (RET) milestone. The RET milestone determines whether the system has been successfully removed. At this milestone, you must have answers to the following questions: What are the impacts to the business resulting from the system removal? Are they acceptable to the stakeholders? Was the system successfully removed? Figure 3. The phases and milestones of the EUP.Texas 52, New Mexico 13
Texas had a lot of reasons from Game 1 to coach its players hard this week. The defense gave up big plays and did not dominate Wyoming's offense. The offense ran the ball well but struggled in run blocking at the start of the game and only passed for 156 yards. New Mexico is 3-33 in the last three years and it needs a large infusion of talent before the program is turned around. Wyoming is three or four touchdowns better than New Mexico so Texas is a lot better than the Lobos. Texas will run for 300 yards and throw for more than 200 and tally close to 600 yards of offense as Texas puts a big score on New Mexico.
- Sean Adams
Texas 48, New Mexico 13
I think the Lobos can put up some points in this one. A triple option scheme loves nothing more than a chance to attack and outsmart inexperienced linebackers, and Texas has two.
But the Longhorns' defense takes care of business in this one because they're highly motivated following a good-not-great debut against Wyoming, and stopping the run is one of this team's specialties.
David Ash will shut critics up by taking a few shots downfield on Saturday and connecting on at least one big play. Both running backs will go over 100-plus again, and this time freshman Johnathan Gray will get a more fitting introduction by busting a long touchdown run in the second half.
- Max Olson
Texas 55, New Mexico 17
After a week where the passing game was rather innocuous, Texas will try to take the ball downfield with more frequency and should hit on some big plays against the slower New Mexico cornerbacks. Look for a few big runs from the Lobos as the Texas defense gets crossed up trying to defend the pistol option package. But, overall, the Longhorns should outrush New Mexico by more than 100 yards and outgain them by more than 200.
- Carter Strickland
Texas 41-13
This isn't the New Mexico of old. At least, not one game into the Bob Davie era. The Lobos looked impressive in all aspects of the game in their 66-21 victory over Southern last week and Texas' coaches took notice when they observed film over the weekend.
The fact that Texas has film on this week's opponent, unlike Wyoming's defense with a new coordinator, should allow the Longhorns to open up the offense more than a week ago. Texas was hesitant to do certain things because of that uncertainty. Now, it's up to David Ash to complete the long balls he didn't against the Cowboys and I think he has at least three touchdown passes in this one. Johnathan Gray will also score his first touchdown.
- William WilkersonDear Mr. Dolan and Mr. Walsh,
Thank you Mr. Dolan for your commitment to making the NY Knicks relevant again.
Thank you Mr. Walsh for your efforts in bringing Amare Stoudemire here.
As a long time Knick fan, this is the best news I have heard in quite some time. Building the team around this star player is a great step in the right direction.
The signing was extremely smart because bringing this type of talent and class to New York will make it possible for future free agents to come here. The basketball season can not get here quick enough. When healthy, Stoudemire is a dominant force and makes this Knick team so much better than a year ago.
I understand that winning a championship next year is too much to ask, but I know the team will be much more competitive. With the additions of Felton, Turiaf, Azubuike, Mozgov and Randolph I think 40 - 45 wins is a good possibility. I would expect them to at least get a taste of the playoffs.
Madison Square Garden is such a magical place that deserves a lot of respect. To me basketball is not just a game it's a way of life. New York has not seen a winning team in such long time. The Knick teams of the 90's never won a championship, but there was a fire that kept burning every night they took the floor. I'm excited of the possibility of getting that back!
I remember when the NY Knicks were feared around the league. Unfortunately, fear has been absent for quite some time. I am really looking forward to this coming year. I want that electricity back. I can't wait to feel the Garden shake again and to cheer for a competitive team.
Let's make 2010-2011 the "New Era" for the New York Knickerbockers with Amare Stoudemire leading the way!!! Let's bring real basketball back to the Garden. Let's show Madison Square Garden the respect it truly deserves. More importantly, let’s get this Knick franchise back on track again. A new season is approaching us very soon and the team's future looks much more promising.
Once again, Thank You Mr. Dolan and Thank You Mr. Walsh.
Alexander Georgalas = Very Happy and Long Time Knick Fan!!goal dalam Bahasa Melayu
terjemahan dan definisi "goal", Inggeris-Bahasa Melayu kamus talian
Penterjemahan ke dalam Bahasa Melayu:
- gol[sukan]
Maksud-maksud lain:
An objective that the persona is attempting to achieve. A system helps the persona reach these goals.
point(s) scored
in many sports, an area into which the players attempt to put an object
(sport) act of placing the object into the goal
The action of scoring a point in a game
What one wants to achieve.
A successful attempt at scoring.
Place where a ball or puck needs to be entered into to score points in a game.
result one is attempting to achieve
In many sports, an area into which the players attempt to put an object.
A noun or noun phrase that receives the action of a verb. The subject of a passive verb or the direct object of an active verb. Also called a patient, target, or undergoer.
The act of placing the object into the goal.
A result that one is attempting to achieve.
A point scored in a game as a result of placing the object into the goal.
goalTry the pairs() function to explore your raw data. This webpage may even give you a nice way to visualize your data: -Steve -----Original Message----- From: Francesca Sorbie [mailto:fsorbie at hotmail.com] Sent: Saturday, April 14, 2012 6:44 AM To: r-help at r-project.org Subject: [R] master thesis? Thank you for any feedback, Francesca [[alternative HTML version deleted]]Honey
From Natural WellBeing
Honey
Description
Honey is a naturally sweet, sugary-thick substance produced by honeybees from nectars and other plant secretions. Its major components are glucose, fructose, and water. Other contents include amino acids, Vitamins, minerals and special enzymes. Honey has various types of flavors and with different colors depending on its aging and source. It is commonly utilized as a food for consumption and as a medicine.
History and Origin
Honey is an ancient substance particularly known to be useful for food, medicine, cosmetics, preservative, and cooking. It is significantly used in mythology, religion literature and scientific studies. The oldest reference of honey is in 5500 BC in Egypt. The lower part of Egypt was referred to as “Bee Land”, and Egyptians used honey for medicinal purposes. The Aryan invaders took the honey in India, which the later used for their religious rites. Honey is also found written in the ancient submarine clay tablets that are believed to be much older than that of the Egyptians. Later, the Babylonian tablets yields recipes for “electuaries”, a honey-based medicine. Incidentally, a Roman writer named Pliny the Elder, mentioned honey in an electuary that includes powdered bees. It is believed to cure dropsy as well as bladder stones. Archeologists in the eighteen hundreds found a big honey jar while working in Egypt. They found out the honey tasted perfectly even though it aged thousand of years. Honey is mentioned in the Koran of the Muslims, and even in the Christian Holy Bible.
Ancient Uses
The healing attributes of honey has been known for thousands of years. It is effective in healing cuts, correcting health disorders, curing many ailments and diseases. Honey is traditionally used as a natural cure and as an alternative medicine for the most usual health problems including athletes foot, bad breath, arthritis, Hair Loss, yeast infections, acne and sleep disorders. The most renowned honey, specifically the UMF Manuka, has a natural medicinal value. It aids in the healing of tissues and helps fight off infections. Oftentimes, honey is utilized as a treatment for problems of the digestive system including indigestion, diarrhea, gastroenteritis, and stomach ulcers. In addition, it is helpful in reducing scarring and inflammation.
Modern Uses
Experts continually discover the many uses of honey. Honey has beneficial properties useful for the body with its antiseptic, cleansing and antioxidant properties. It is useful in treating asthma, hay fever, and coughs. It possesses healing capabilities for the entire human body from athlete’s foot up to eye conjunctivitis. Honey is a skin care and total beauty product for women. During exercises, honey can be a rich source of carbohydrates. It also has diversified uses in food preparation depending on their varieties and sources.
Side Effects
In the event of collection, production and processing, germs from bees, plants and dust may contaminate honey. However, its germ-fighting capabilities ensure that these common contaminating elements will not be able to reproduce. Although bacteria that uses spores to reproduce such as bacterium may stay. In solving this concern, irradiation is done to medical-grade honey for the bacterial spores to be inactivated. Standardization is also applied to achieve consistency of medical-grade honey in fighting off a variety of harmful germs.Everything you need to know about how to set up a successful investment club of your own, for friendship and for profit.
In 1998 members of a book club decided they wanted to find out more about the stockmarket, and to make some money from it. They knew little about investing but were determined to learn, and the sheba investment network was born.
Now, over fifteen years later, its members are so savvy at investing that they have a brilliant 30% to 35% returns rate. And just as important, they are laughing all the way to the market.
Meetings take place once a month with a bottle or two of wine and much lively discussion. The Money Club tells you exactly how they did it, and how you can too. With a contribution of $50 to $75 a month, this is an investment within most people's reach. And because you're not doing it alone, you can learn more quickly and make better choices.
No matter where in Australia you are, Dianne, Di, Frances and Emily cover everything you'll need to know to set up a successful investment club of your own, for friendship and for profit.
ISBN: 9781742749686
ISBN-10: 1742749682
Audience: General
Format: ePUB
Language: English
Number Of Pages: 192
Published: 30th January 2013
Publisher: Random House Australia
Country of Publication: AU
Edition Number: 1:
In a statement released on Tuesday, Martin Sullivan, director of The Smithsonian Institution’s National Portrait Gallery, said a video depicting Jesus on a crucifix covered in ants will be removed from an exhibit at the museum.
,
Pingback: Not Even A Good Lie — Laura Curtis
I don’t have to ask if they’d even consider an exhibit critical of Islam or Mohammed. Or even mentioning them..
MCCARTHYISM in 3…2…1
Huh? You’re no conservative if you equate cutting funding of a taxpayer subsidized institution that displays offensive “art” with McCarthyism.
I won’t excuse or respect anything these asshats do until they do Mohammad the same way. After all, they say it’s free speech and it shouldn’t be limited, so let them go after the Muslims.
I wasn’t calling it McCarthyism; I was starting the countdown(3…2..1) until the folks on the left started screeching “McCarthyism.”.
yeah, I think the private/public $ argument is worthless. Money is fungible; if they want to use their private money to go out of their way to be grossly offensive then let ’em figure out how to pay their own water bill without govt money.
Likewise the sham of how tax $$ doesn’t go to abortions — it goes to Planned Parenthood, though, just not the killing babies part?? huh?
I get the argument. I judge it as bogus.!
The articles I read noted the story behind the video, and I have no interest in “broadening my vista” to accommodate some nutjob’s demented vision. Sorry.
If it was up to you our museums would be filled with Hummel figurines!
Well, those and the dogs-playing-poker pictures. Those are totally classic.
“… try to understand the complete story behind it.”
OK, I’m listening.
On the other hand, these so-called “artists” make stuff like that because they can’t draw, or paint, or make sculpture, or sing, or dance, or play an instrument, or write, or ….gift card safety
Buying A Holiday Gift Card? Here’s What You Need To Know
It may seem simple, but gift card shopping has its own pitfalls — note that 25 percent of cards go unused every year — so there are some things, courtesy of cardhub.com, you need to know before you go.Interesting Posts
- Dai Gyakuten Saiban TGS 2014 Trailer
- Win A PlayStation 4 With Channel 4 By Seeing Adverts During The Shows
- Mark Rubins: 1080p is “very possible” on Xbox One, frame rate took priority over resolution
- Final Fantasy Type-0 HD – Reach Level 99 in less than 30 minutes using Secret Training
- Gears of War Dev Denies Marcus Fenix Collection Rumor, Confirms Multiple Projects
Hardcore Russian GPU website, GameGPU has posted a detailed bechmark analysis of the multiplayer beta for Battlefield 4 on a range of hardware specs. Key attention is paid to the Frostbite 3 graphics engine, the DirectX API, graphics quality settings and important visual aspects.
Frostbite 3 is capable of rendering large landscapes with destructible environments. The technology supports dynamic lighting, the HBAO variant of ambient occlusion, procedural shading, various post-effects (including HDR and depth of field), particle system and texture mapping techniques, such as bump mapping. The maximum size of multiplayer maps available in the beta is 32 × 32 square kilometers, out of which 4 × 4 km of space is available for on-foot soldiers.
The advanced graphical settings available in the beta can be seen below.
A screenshot comparison of the different graphical settings available in the beta can be seen below. Not surprisingly, the most notable difference in visual fidelity comes between low and medium settings.
From the screenshots, it can seen that there is a significant drop in texture detail on the ‘Low’ setting. In additional, reflection maps of the surrounding environments are only visible on the ‘High’ and ‘Very High’ setting.
Benchmarks, using various GPU configurations with the game running at 1080p, can be seen below.
The biggest surprise came in the form of DICE’s optimization of Frostbite 3 for AMD CPUs.
What’s most impressive is that Battlefield 4 can completely use up to eight CPU threads. The distribution of load on AMD processors calibrated much better than it did for Intel. If this is a sign of things to come for multi-threaded CPU utilization in games, the prospects for AMD CPUs may well be brighter than what we have today. Couple with the potential of Mantle, this could very well lead to an edge for AMD’s PC components at we we enter the next-gen era of gaming.
The PC multiplayer beta is currently only available to those who preordered the game, Battlefield 3 Premium subscribers and owners of the Medal of Honor Warfighter Limited Edition Online Pass. Everyone else will have to wait until 4th October in order to gain access.
Stay tuned for further updates on Battlefield 4 as they become available.Search:
Photo by Jonathan S. Garcia
The Saddle Rock Trail runs from the Visitor Center to the summit of Scotts Bluff and includes a foot tunnel.
Length: 1.6 miles (2.6 kilometers), one way
Surface: Asphalt
Difficulty: Strenuous, with an elevation change of 435 feet (133 meters).
Access: Trailhead is located to the east of the Visitor Center. The trail may be hiked one way by using the Summit Shuttle.
Imagine hiking on Scotts Bluff’s most popular trail and running into a regular who hikes the trail daily for exercise - or perhaps members of a local high school cross country team training for an upcoming meet.
Though hiking the paved trail could be considered a workout, a majority of the hikers simply do it to experience the environment – to see and count the geological layers of the bluff, or even to see the needle and thread grass or the mysterious spiderwort flower.
Others want to see the soaring raptors or the western box turtle slowly crawling on the prairie.
Still others use the trail to walk through the foot tunnel dug as a test prior to the Summit Road’s vehicular tunnels in 1933.
These are all possible by hiking the Saddle Rock Trail. Hike both ways, or use the Summit Shuttle and hike only one direction.
The first one-third of the trail from the visitor center is relatively level as you travel across the prairie to Scott’s Spring. The spring’s namesake is also the monument’s: fur trader Hiram Scott.
Legends tell of his remains being found near this location in the spring of 1828. Scott was believed to have either been abandoned or voluntarily left behind by fellow trappers as he could not walk. The spring is fed by a natural “cistern” that collects rain and snowmelt from the bluff and releases it to the surface.
The second one-third of the trail climbs to the foot tunnel. As you ascend you may see the roller coaster riders of the air, the cliff swallows and white-throated swifts. The swallows construct mud nests, grouped together in colonies, and plastered to the vertical cliffs. Looking like a cigar with wings, the Speedier Swifts are one of but a few species of birds able to survive through the winter by becoming partially dormant. The monument vicinity is one of only a few areas in Nebraska where they are known to breed.
Few birds can afford to expend the amount of energy required to hover in one place; however, the American kestrel is an exception. It uses the technique in hunting small rodents and insects. A small jay-sized hawk, it can be identified by the pointed wings and rufous (reddish) back or tail. Other birds in the area include prairie falcons, golden eagles, red-tailed hawks, and turkey vultures.
The last one-third of the trail is the geological lesson from the foot tunnel to the summit. The bluff is the result of eroding sediment layers. It is only preserved by the hard, concrete-like caprock sections which still protect the softer sandstone, siltstone, and volcanic ash below. The white layer of volcanic ash visible on the top of the tunnel is believed to have been blown here from volcanoes in what is now known as the Great Basin in Nevada and Utah. The pipy concretions formed by lime deposits in ground water seen along the trail act as reinforced rods. Along with the caprock sections, these rods help anchor and slow the erosion of softer sediments.
Above the tunnel, where there are numerous signs alerting you to stay on the trail, you can see the trail's namesake formation – Saddle Rock. The last two-thirds of the trail passes through a very active rock fall area. Because rocks break off regularly and either slide or fall down the steep side of the bluff, staying on the trail is imperative.
This area is occasionally closed following rock falls until the debris can be safely cleared. Check at the visitor center for current trail conditions.
Last Updated: 05/22/2015I found Alison Motluk's article on subliminal advertising quite interesting (29 April, p 16), but it is a shame the study wasn't repeated using Spa Rood in the subliminal message instead of Lipton Tea. If the majority of thirsty volunteers claimed preference for the subliminally suggested mineral water in such a reversed study, I would have been much more impressed with Karremans's results.
To continue reading this article, subscribe to receive access to all of newscientist.com, including 20 years of archive content.One of our most cherished freedoms is freely electing our political leadership; and with that freedom comes responsibility to make an informed decision. Flipping a coin or making an uninformed choice is probably as bad as standing on the sidelines and not participating at all. But, how do we get informed?
Once again federal funding for Public Broadcasting is threatened, and the threat is more serious than ever before. Last month the House Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Subcommittee (Labor-HHS-Education) passed out of subcommittee a bill that, if signed into law, would phase out federal support of the public broadcasting system. Over a three year period, funding would be totally eliminated, threatening the very existence of many stations in markets the size of ours.
There are always the pundits that appear on the 24-hour cycle cable news shows, some noted for their opinionated showmanship rather than acquaintance with facts and balance. There are columnists, blogs, and the ubiquitous water cooler conversations that tell you who to hate and who to be afraid of, as well as your brother-in-law, barber, and best friend. But again, where do you find accurate information that does more than just reinforce your traditional thinking; information that actually challenges your brain and gives you the information you need to make that informed decision? I submit to you that that place is public television.
We have worked hard over the years to be apolitical, that is, not to favor the red or the blue, one party over another, one candidate over the other. We have worked hard to essentially be perceived as "Switzerland" i.e. an entity that serves all by providing equal time, equal exposure and unbiased reporting. We ask you to think, but do not tell you what to think.
As part of our effort to inform the voters in Central Illinois, WTVP is pleased to host two debates in our studio this month. First, on Thursday, October 18, the candidates for the 46th Illinois Senate seat, incumbent David Koehler (D) and challenger Patrick Sullivan (R), will share their views on local and statewide issues. [Learn More]
Then on Thursday, October 25, the two candidates for one of the most closely contested and closely watched Congressional races will square off. Incumbent Bobby Schilling (R) and challenger Cheri Bustos (D), share their views on issues facing residents of the new Illinois 17th District.[Learn More]
Both debates begin at 8:00 p.m., and will be moderated by WTVP's H Wayne Wilson. You can participate by forwarding your questions in advance to our special debate site on. The issues in play this November make this one of the most important elections in years. Please tune in and listen to the candidates directly and use their direct words, not spin, to inform your decision. Then, by all means, go to the polls on November 6 and make yours an informed choice.
Chet Tomczyk
President & CEO, WTVP (Retired 2014)Letchford, A. N. and Lodi, A. (2002) Primal cutting plane algorithms revisited. Mathematical Methods of Operational Research, 56 (1). pp. 67-81. ISSN 1432-2994
Dual fractional cutting plane algorithms, in which cutting planes are used to iteratively tighten a linear relaxation of an integer program, are well known and form the basis of the highly successful branch-and-cut method. It is rather less well-known that various primal cutting plane algorithms were developed in the 1960s, for example by Young. In a primal algorithm, the main role of the cutting planes is to enable a feasible solution to the original problem to be improved. Research on these algorithms has been almost non-existent. In this paper we argue for a re-examination of these primal methods. We describe a new primal algorithm for pure 0-1 problems based on strong valid inequalities and give some encouraging computational results. Possible extensions to the case of general mixed-integer programs are also discussed.!
Happy birthday to Bloggers Market! I’m looking forward to read your forthcoming posts about Blogging, keep up the good work!
Julie recently posted..teeth implants cost
Happy Birthday to bloggers Market! Some messages are displayed fine until the date and wish the same to go further with next posts.Yoda WordPress Strikes Again-I made this blog and visitor waiting for the next posts.Thanks.
Wow! 3rd birthday already? Time does fly… Keep guiding us for many more years! Happy Birthday, Bloggers Market!
Laura recently posted..When it is not what it looks like – Dandruff
Happy Birthday! I wish you as many more as you wish for yourself!
Lily Rose recently posted..Healthy Trim ingredients: what’s in those capsules?
Happy 3rd birthday to your blog, hope this is only small part of the whole journey!
But looks like you have really bad luck with Yoda but hope this wont bring you back of creating new products, services ans websites.
Steven recently posted..Vocabulary Level E Answers
Happy birthday to Bloggers Market. I hope this site is still be able to continue living on.
Happy Birthday! Hello! I think your blog is great! I’m always keep to find decent information and when I find it it makes me happy. Many thanks and please continue writing such good content! I trust you your blog is more success.
abhinav recently posted..Aiseesoft Total Video Converter
3rd birthday?! Happy birthday to Bloggers Market! I hope you guys will keep with up for 3 more years at least!
~alex
Making it long in this blogging industry isn’t easy. So, happy birthday and congratulations to bloggers market! I hope that the Yoda project wouldn’t hold you back from bringing and creating more products!
I’m late but Still Happy Birthday, I hope this year you’ll get more and more readers and full of success.
Arjun Rai recently posted..Payroll Processing Services
Happy Birthday!! Looking forward to more great content
Abe@Baltimore Marketing recently posted..Choosing The Right Keywords To Increase Website Traffic – Part 1
Belated birthday Bloggers Market. I know I am late. I always find useful information with good content from your site. So, keep posting, waiting for your forthcoming post.
Happy Birthday Bloggers Market! More success! You`ll easily reach 33 years! Keep up the good work guys.
Happy Birthday to Blogger Market! And congrats on providing such an amazing content for free over the years…
Great stuff and keep up the great work!
Congratulations on your 3rd year anniversary! I hope you continue to enlighten all of your readers in the years to come. Cheers!
Happy Birthday Bloggers Market!!! 3rd Birthday, eh? and you’re still busy with projects.. Keep us posted. We’ll be waiting for your next updates. Take care!
-Holly
3 years that sounds great. From the looks of it you are doing well that a great victory report for bloggers everywhere. Blogs are known for being started and quitted quite frequently.
Elena Anne recently posted..The AM Workout: Working Out Before Breakfast
Happy Birthday bloggers market!
Wish you get more success in upcoming feature with more traffic.
Bhavesh Sondagar recently posted..Improve Android battery life with Battery Defender-Battery Saver
Happy Third Birthday. This is quite a milestone. I look forward to seeing your products. I know that they will be great.
Happy birthday, It’s nice road behind you, and even more to come
Bruce Harbough recently posted..operante opinieCathy' Story
I consider myself young. I am sneaking up on my 56th birthday and did not think I had to worry about a heart attack. My father had his first heart attach when he was 50, but for some reason I thought heart attacks were only for men and I wouldn’t have to worry about it. Three weeks ago I had a heart attack and I am thankful to be alive and to have this chance to change my life.Stop by every chance we get for take out.You can eat in also.
Love the Chicken special comes with rice and beans with plantains they give you a can of soda too.
Ditto on the pork and steak specials?
Will be back soon.
I was always a big admirer but I think it is going downhill. We ate there yesterday. The chicken my wife had was dry and seemed to have been sitting around. I had arroz con mariscos. Not good at all. This was at about 7 PM. We usually eat there earlier. Maybe by 7 things have been sitting around too...
More
I love this place! Latin food at its best! Everything is made to order and tastes phenomenal! They have new fried rice - you must try! I normally get the steak, scallops and shrimp with white rice and black beans - wowsers! This place isn't fancy by any stretch of the imagination, however the food is more than enough to...
More
Convenient and close to the hotel, La Granja's meals are always delicious. Picked up a chicken meal on the way to the hotel.
Terrific food, very good service. We have eaten in as well as take out and they are consistently good.
I love this place! You step up to the counter to place your order, and it's ready in a minute! The lunch specials are the best value around. The grilled chicken, rice and black beans are moist and flavorful. My favorite is the green sauce to mix with everything. The criollo fish is also delicious, with the grilled onions. I...
More
Best place in Margate, Florida to eat. I am just confused why there is only 7 reviews when this place serves about 500 people a day. Just think if all them people got on here and reviewed? This place would be number 1.
Great chicken, beef, pork and the best Seafood soup around.
I could eat here everyday of the...
More
Alot better then mexican food. Plantains where the best i have ever had. Steak was tough but this is not shulas. Did have a good flavor it reminded me of a place i eat at when i visit ecuador. If im in the Lauderdale area i would return. Visited there twice when i was on vacation.
my guest had a very good pork mofongo, and i had an excellent steak stir fry. both dishes vere very tasty, and very large. a great buy!
How lucky for us that La Granja has opened in Florida! Great food at such reasonable prices that it makes one wonder how more people have not discovered it by now.
We have eaten in most La Granjas as there are about 23 all over Florida and each one is fabulous. Each one is just a little different, but all...
More
Register now for free — and start getting automatic notification of new reviews, responding to traveler feedback, adding new photos to your listing and much more.On Tue, Feb 05, 2002 at 09:43:40AM -0800, Paul E Condon wrote: > I am relatively new to Debian. I installed mutt in order to avoid the clutter > of html mail, but sometimes I need to read email from people who send only html. > I think I should be able to do this using the 'v' key, but when I do so > first I get a screen with just a single line, and > when I press the 'enter' key, I get an error message: > > /dev/dsp : Permission denied > > What is happening? What do I do to fix? I had this one recently myself... Try installing html2text (or w3m or lynx or another html viewer) and see if it sets itself up to view html files instead. If you still get this error, then look into /etc/mailcap.order to control what program is used to view html files. I can't remember the exact problem, but I think you're seeing some X11 program or other attempt to load the html attachment. The /dev/dsp error is a red herring, that wouldn't (shouldn't) stop the viewer loading. (I added this to my /etc/mailcap.order file, BTW, to make html attachments be viewed in w3m.) w3m: text/html (On a side note, what's wrong with your sound card?) -- =========================================================== Paul "TBBle" Hampson, MCSEq5hqlR8mp5.pgp
Description: PGP signatureApply now for the Advanced Apprenticeship in Sporting Excellence
*Entry onto the Aquatics programme for 2014 is now closed*
Places on the Ice Skating programme are still available and the closing date for applications is Tuesday 4th November 2014.
First check if you are eligible for AASE by reading the relevant section of the AASE Information and Guidance Booklet (page 4 and appendix 1).
There is an AASE Technical Specification which also gives you a better understanding of the AASE Framework. Click here to download the AASE Technical Specification.
If you are eligible then please fill in the application form below.
If you have any queries regarding AASE please contact us. Click here to view relevant contacts.
Ice Skating Induction Weekend 2014
The next Cohort of athletes will be inducted onto the Ice Skating programme on 8th & 9th November 2014 at Burleigh Court, Loughborough . This will be a residential Induction and will include a mixture of educational and practical sessions over the two days.
We understand location is key for delegates so the venue selected is situated less than a mile from junction 23 of the M1, three miles from Loughborough's Intercity railway station and eight miles from East Midlands Airport, altogether making Burleigh Court the ideal base.Full Cast of Veera Actors/Actresses
Veera cast list, listed alphabetically with photos when available. This list of Veera actors includes any Veera actresses and all other actors from the film. You can view additional information about each Veera actor on this list, such as when and where they were born. To find out more about a particular actor or actress click on their name and you'll be taken to page with even more details about their acting career. The cast members of Veera have been in many other movies, so use this list as a starting point to find actors or actresses that you may not be familiar with.) open
- 2
Brahmanandam South India, Guntur district, Eurasia
- 3
Chalapathi Rao South India, Guntur district, Eurasia
- 4
Dharmavarapu Subramanyam Komminenivaripalem
- 5
- 6
Ileana D'Cruz Maharashtra, Eurasia, India
- 7
- 8
Kajal Aggarwal Maharashtra, Eurasia, India
- 9) open
- 10
Pradeep Rawat Jabalpur division, Jabalpur, Eurasia
- 11
Prakash Raj Karnataka, Eurasia, India
- 12) open
- 13
Rajnikanth Karnataka, Eurasia, India
- 14) open
- 15) open
- 16) open
- 17) open
- 18
Sridevi Vijaykumar Eurasia, India, Chennai
- 19) open
- 20) open
- 21
Taapsee Pannu Punjab, India, Ludhiana, Eurasia
- 22
Venu Madhav South India, Eurasia, Kodad » Classical Greece & Rome.
Quintus Saturnus The Time of Five Emperors by Justin Cahill
Price: Free! Words: 3,620. Language: English. Published: January 22, 2015. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Ancient, Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome.
The Writer - A Short Story by Gary J Byrnes
Price: Free! Words: 2,870. Language: English. Published: January 14, 2015. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome, Fiction » Historical » Ancient
In Ancient Rome, a young writer decides to publish a story that will change the world.
The Augur by AM Kirkby
Price: Free! Words: 7,040. Language: English. Published: January 2, 2015. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome, Fiction » Literature »..
Byzantine Warrior: War in the East, African Adventures and the Italian Debacle by Peter Haig
Price: $2.99 USD. Words: 88,900. Language: English. Published: September 4, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome
O stranger, Vitalian, lies buried here. Go tell the Byzantines the soldier served Rome well. The barbarians killed a brave warrior who fought on the Danube, in the East, in Africa and Italy. He is mourned by his beautiful wife and sons. Soldier of Rome we salute you.
The Judgment of Paris by Daniel Aaron
Price: Free! Words: 16,460. Language: English. Published: September 4, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Humor & comedy » General, Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome
Euphorion, son of Aeschylus, will stop at nothing to outshine his father's glory in theater. Even if it means cheating!
The Gladiator's Girl by Amy Hearst
Price: $0.99 USD. Words: 13,400. Language: English. Published: July 10, 2014 by Boroughs Publishing Group. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome, Fiction » Romance » Historical
Orphaned and enslaved, kept for the pleasure of Rome's fiercest warriors, Celeste will soon learn that not every gladiator is a beast--and love can indeed set one free..
AD29 by Tony Sadgrove
Price: $2.99 USD. Words: 52,490. Language: English. Published: July 4, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome, Fiction » Historical » Ancient
The Emperor Tiberius needs to increase revenue. He decides to increase the tribute paid by the provinces. One, Judea, is a problem. He sends Publius to engineer a situation which will force the local government, the Sanhedrin, to comply. This is Publius' solution.
A Warrior's Death, Stories from Antiquity by A J Burton
Price: $2.99 USD. Words: 3,020. Language: English. Published: June 21, 2014 by Quintessence Publications Ltd. Categories: Fiction » Adventure » War & military, Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome
For Centuries Roman Legions fought German Barbarian tribes in Gaul. This is a story from the second cohort of the Fifth Legion. Three young men joined the Roman Army and managed to remain in the same cohort for six years. Today they have a crisis as an ambush by the Germans takes them by surprise. Another Ancient World short from A J Burton.
Pompeii, a Short Story by Tina Concetta Marzocca
Price: $0.99 USD. Words: 26,780. Language: English. Published: June 1, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome
A dramatic, action-packed fictional account of the final hours of a Roman merchant and his wife caught in the wrong place, at the wrong time in the great city of Pompeii. A bonus five-chapter preview of the sequel, and soon to be released novel, “The Merchant’s Daughter,” is included.
Keith Ramsbottom: (Episode I) Rebel Leader by Scott Pixello
Price: Free! Words: 48,710. Language: British English. Published: April 28, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome, Fiction » Humor & comedy » General.
Before Now and After by David William Kirby
You set the price! Words: 65,340. Language: English. Published: April 8, 2014. Categories: Fiction » Historical » Classical Greece & Rome
This author's first book written when he was just 15 years, It follows the history of the mythical 'Tetragramatton' (The supposed true name of GOD translated as Yehova in the King James Bible). Set in three distinct sections the narrative begins in a mythical island, onto Imperial Rome and then through to modern times. A masterpiece of esoteric knowledge..Video is just now surfacing, but Wednesday night, Chris Brown took the stage at Emerson Theatre in Hollywood and spoke to the crowd on how to treat women.
Seriously.
The 23-year-old ranted for, literally, one minute, starting with:
"Every guy in this building has said one thing to their female. If you're not an insecure n****, and you have to let her have fun with her friends, I applaud you."
Then, he sang:
"But you gotta say that one thing to her, and I made this shit up. Don't make me have to tell you again, that that's my pussy baby. It is mine, baby, babe, mine. Don't make me have to tell you again, that's my pussy baby. So you better not give it away!"
And, finally, the closing statement:
"If you got a bad bitch, you better say that to her, 'cause she might fuck another n****."
Rather than go on about how creepy it is to watch Chris Brown harmonize about his possessive side, we'll let you watch the ordeal for yourself:
[via Huffington Post]
Watch NowId love to have a thread to talk about the Roster of the new season, for this season is set already, so I started one.
Where do we need to improve & what do you think for pieces do we need to even build a championship Roster?
So my guess is:
PG: CP3 & EB ->is set (together at least $19.5M on salary).
Eb could only be traded for a young and highly perspective player with kind of a rookie contract. Id do this only for bigger SF (Justin Lamb would be a perfect example to give you an idea).
PF: BG -> set (at least $7.3M a year).
Kmart Id only sign for around $3M per year. Because if it is more, well have ( big) problem with the luxury tax line (ill get to that later). So there might be an open spot on the roster.
C: DJ -> set ( $ 10.5M) for the start of the season, if no other in that category and for that price comes along, which I highly doubt. Reggie or some other big in that price category should be signed ($ 1.3M a year).
Now the categories are coming where the biggest changes need to be made, if we want to get to championship like roster.
SG: Chauncey should be set, if he can be signed around $2.5 a year (luxury! - find my summary to that at the end). For we cant be sure hell last the season because of his age & injury Randy Foye (with a salary of $4.5M a year) should be set too. I like his price and effort combined and in that he could be the perfect substitution for Chauncey when beeing injured during he season.
N.Young: Though not overwhelmed by his effort, do we need a big forward and given the chance we can sign him for around $5 with the home bonus, i think hes set. If he wants more another alternative needs to be found.
Gomes: Needs to be traded or amnestied with his $4M salary, which brings us again to the luxury line. The 1st of option is for sure the better one.
SF:There is CB and Mo. EACH of them will earn at least $8.2M a year. (Guess now you know why well have problems with the luxury line).
One of them at least has to go. Mo is gone sure for me, because we need size - either via trade if he opts in or he opts out.
With getting him & Gomes of the rooster there is even space maybe to sign a big SF & keep Randy Foye (or if needed pay NY or Kmart or Chauncey a little more).
CB - I think we might could do better because of his price & age but as long there is no option -> he should be set.
This roster would leave us approx. $6M in salaries for a big forward.
With Mo and a couple of fillers like Bobby and Thompkins we would be around $72M where we cross the luxury tax line and with Gomes even by far more.
There is a chance we could make it to and win the NBA Finals this year dude, what would we need to improve on if we did? Too early to be talking about this, I know in the past our teams have pretty much been crap but the times are changing and with it, we need to change as well. really hope we can win this title this year I've never been more excited about this teams future though and such a young team winning the whole thing would really be amazing(With VDN as our coach though doubt it<and the main reason I say next year)
Dude, let us win the championship! but there is no automatic that the next roster will have the quality. Maybe an admin can change the perhaps to even...or leave out the championship.
Other than that there is no sense in this not beeing allowed to talk about a new roster in a thread, when the actual is set till the end of season and and even the end of season is so near.
I want to talk about and as it seems ... I am not the only one. So if you dont like it you dont need to post in it and leave it for I am also not posting in every other thread.
dumb thread wait till the offseason. Also how many times is APOSTLE GOING TO COPY AND PASTE THE SAME POST. want to talk about and as it seems ... I am not the only one. So if you dont like it you dont need to post in it and leave it for I am also not posting in every other thread.
Roster next year for sure is going to consist of Blake, CP3, DJ, Bledsoe, Butler as our returning players. And unless Gomes and Mo get moved, both will be back next season. Making up the majority of the team we currently have, returning for next year.
Given the fact that we'll have more time in between games I'd put money on the fact we probably won't have a serious injury like we did to Billups, and general injuries themselves will all go down around the league.
Expect nearly the same team next year ( at least the starters ) and Ok/quality bench help like we have had this year, potentially a mix of the same guys.
We've got 1 pick in the up coming draft and it's a late 2nd rounder so that guy probably won't make the roster or he could be a foreign player we stash away. Thread ended.
Who is Gomez?
Dumb post, theres nothing more to say to that.
I gotta agree that we definitely have a chance to win it all this year. Chauncey Billups was just on ESPN arguing with the other guys that the Clips will win it all this year.
If we go deep in the playoff most of our roster should stay. We just need to possibly address back up center and the log jam at the guard spots.
CK, EJ and AFA have a new owner, Tom Benson, so contracts on Clippers Heads will be coming soon.
Dumb post, theres nothing more to say to that.
Actually, he's totally correct. How do we know WHAT we need to change until we've played at least one playoff series?
I've had too many years of looking to the future. This seems like a good time to enjoy the present. There'll be 5 months of offseason in which to have this discussion.
Dont worry about it that THIS IS APOSTLE's LAST POST .
I'll root for the clippers while you guys continue to bash our players and knock everyone elses ideas .
GO CLIPPERS!!!
I've had too many years of looking to the future. This seems like a good time to enjoy the present. There'll be 5 months of offseason in which to have this discussion.
Cleepers, its not about the ...wait til next season. It is about that before and if offense constitues a mighty right argument for you- lets say it mild - you live in your own world of correctness.
This thread is not for making you creating thoughts/ ideas about the roster, if you have none. If you dont know what youd like to change, you dont know BUT what hinders you in enjoying the present? I am enjoying the present and I am happy with looking into the future of the team, too.
So why dont you do it, with whatever your favorite is, too?
There is nothing wrong in having thoughts to the subject (as long as they are put in thought and not utopical), too.
^ I have no idea what you're trying to say, hope.
Honestly... I tried to read it twice and, although I recognize the words, what their arrangement is trying to convey is a mystery to me.
Anyway, you go ahead and speculate on offseason moves... It's your right. Personally, it makes as much sense to me as discussing who we should draft in 2020.
Funny as hell Cleepers. Really though, we are having one of the best years in our history and doing it with young stars. I don't think any other team's fans with a similar record are talking about firing the coach and player changes. It's these type of threads that make me realize how lousy our history is. Guys don't know what to talk about or do with themselves.
^ agreed. suggesting we move EB for a draft pick like jeremy lamb. lol. hes a legit backup pg. i think if anyone gets moved is mo, depending on how we do in the playoffs and how far we get. and he mentions that we will have 10 million to sign josh smith? how? smith is not even a FA. the only way we get smith is via trade, which wont happen since hes atlanta's young star. but lets not get into what might happen. we have to focus on the present. like cleepers said, the fo will have 3-4 months to see what moves can be made.
trade mo and gomes to bobcats 4 maggette and his ending contract.
he is a scorer and a could be a great 6th man, with young starting at the 2, with bledsoe and foye as a back up at 1 and 2.
let billups go, re-sign kmart, evans and possibly sign a 5.we will be set.
There's a couple of problems going after Maggette 1) He represents the old Clippers (this is a new squad) 2) He's really old and injury prone (didn't he play Grant Hill and Laettner JK) 3) We'll be stuck listening to Mike Smith and Lawler talk about how great his body is (I'm not Homophobic, but its like listening to a conversation in a Greek bath house, "Timmy, do like Gladiator movies")
^ Funny stuff!
There's a reason why most teams and our team doesn't bring back former players. Sh1t didnt work out the first time so they are going a different direction.
Odom was a head case when he was here and would probably "welcome" the idea of playing for us if someone started a rumor, but guess what! he ruined his chance to continue to play here years ago. Maggette constantly clashed with Dunleavy because he didn't want to be a 6th man and Maggs thought he was the best scorer in the entire league.
Maggs makes way too much money and does nothing but score at a high cost to a teams defense and ability to win. Thanks but no thanks.
If you're thinking championship this year you're thinking with your heart more than your head. There are just too many holes for the clippers one of the biggest one being coaching. I just don't see Vinny leading this team very far. This team is also not very big upfront or at the 2 position and that will hurt us in the playoffs. Offseason moves i would like to see are sign ray allen, delonte west, and marcus camby. Let foye walk, trade mo, and keep either reggie or martin.
^id keep martin over reggie. idk how we would be able to get camby, since he was not very happy when he got traded from here. i doubt he would come back. ray would be great if billups doesnt resign but i think he will resign. delonte west is not a better player than foye. so idk how that would improve us. the only real plausible move is to trade mo for a legit 5 to back up DJ. the only issue we might have is that his contract is kind of big at 9 million per year.
Thought the same MC contract is simply too big and I dont think hed be willing to sacrifice the most of his actual salary.
If the Pistons amnesty Greg Monroe or Dallas Haywood they might become interesting candidates.
Delonte does not give us size which we need especially and thus would be only interesting if we have to substitute someone small. If CB signs with us as it looks like there is no room for him.
Ray is always interesting even with CB signing because we have to give up no asset and get a quality big Sg. But with him its unclear if hell be on the market cause Doc is saying if he signs, hell sign with them.
Does anybody know till what date Mo has to decide if he will opt in by contract?
Why noobies should not post ........nuff saidddd
I have an idea !!! Let's trade VDN and Gomz for a real coach Next yr ( Larry brown )
Why on God's green earth would Detroit amnesty Monroe?
He's their best asset.
He's their best asset.
Smh Hoop, do you know who Greg Monroe is!?!?!? You amnesty ppl with bad contract... Monroe really??? Dude is 21 years old and averaging 15 points 10 rebounds and he is one of the most talented young center in the NBA. Lol, why would you even amnesty him when he is on his Rookie contract, makes no sense.
i hope u are being sarcastic when suggesting larry brown. if you want to run cp3 out of town, then hire brown. hes a pg killer. his attitude wears thin on his point guards, and that included chauncey billups. @hoop, smh. haywood might get amnestied, but monroe, really???? did u just bring up a random name of a young stud who can ball and is the building block for the pistons? i know the pistons are struggling, but come on they wouldnt even make that move in a video game. thanks man, i needed the laugh.
@Clipper_richard and bull: Yeah, you are both right. I just read about that hes eligible for the clause and wrote therefore as a suggestion, he might be an option, but looking at his contract it makes no sense at all.
I am glad that I was able to light up your day a bit, bull .
In general beeing a best asset alone is no argument for me not giving it a thought, because if a player wants to leave e.g. like Josh Smith he might get available, if the right right constellation comes along. In most cases the drama with a player wanting to leave is non profitable for the club + on the players perfomance.
E.g.: Nobody of us here knew that we would get N.Young for Brian Cook (though under different circumstances).
We should be patient and just wait till the Thunder amnesty Durant , I think he might be a good fit with this squad. That is only if he develops the right mindset, if not then we should go after Monroe or even Lamarcus Aldridge another amnesty candidate who's game would fit well with Blake Griffin.
Not sure if the Magic would amnesty Dwight Howard but if they do we should seriously consider getting him.
If he didn't want to play there anymore, they would TRADE him, not AMNESTY him. In trade, they would get far more than we could or would ever offer them.
The only valuable piece we have for trade is Mo (if he opts in), and most of that value will come from his expiring contract. They're not going to give up a cheap stud center who they have locked up for another 3 years (WITH Bird rights) for an expensive shooter who will be gone in a year.
So you might want to learn a little more about how the trade market works before you start telling me I have "no argument". It's YOUR asinine suggestion that people are mocking, not my argument against it.
Not sure if the Magic would amnesty Dwight Howard but if they do we should seriously consider getting him.
We might have to amnesty Blake and CP3 to make room for a couple of those guys.
Amnesty... amnesty... amnesty...
New words are fun!
Amnesty!
Amnesty!
lmfao people learn a new word and suddenly they think they know ball, or that they can use the word in any sentence and it suddenly enhances it lol
I am sorry but why on earth would the Pistons amnesty Greg Monroe whose getting what, 16 and 10 in his 2nd year? Let's amnesty a great up and coming C and continue to stink.
..
You should start READING and UNDERSTANDING which will help you LEARN that I did never write anything about amnestying Josh Smith, before you answer to a passage of my post made out of your head.
There is nothing more to say to the rest of yours for you did not understand the rest of mine anyways, so I wont even answer to that.
lol what?
Can we amnesty this thread?
It's worse than a Ryan Gomes inbound pass.
No I think we should only amnesty Blake if were sure that the Magic are going to amnesty Dwight.Then both teams could amnesty them at the same time and exchange both amnestied players with lowered cap-space burden because of the ...wait for it .........................amnesty clause.
^ I totally amnesty. Couldn't have amnestied it better myself.Downton Abbey Season 3 finale Elizabeth McGovern
Thursday, February 14, 2013 1:26 PM
Elizabeth McGovern as Lady Grantham in the season 3 finale of 'Downton Abbey.' Photo by Nick Wall/Carnival Film & Television Limited 2012 for MASTERPIECE
Related articles
- 'Downton Abbey' preview set to air in Dec. 5 on PBS October 10, 2013, 5:16 PM
- 'Downton Abbey' will return for a fifth season November 10, 2013, 4:44There put applied and taken off as easily as a Roberto Cavalli leopard print maxi-dress or an LL Bean down vest-jacket. Read More »The only known child of Peter Andersson was Anders Peterson, who was described as 26 years old in a census taken in the spring of 1683. This suggests that he was born during the year following the arrival of the Mercurius in America. He married c. 1680 Magdalena, one of six daughters of Peter Larsson Cock.
Anders Petersson inherited his father's lands at Kingsessing and Siamensing. In 1680, the Up-land Court granted him an additional 100 acres adjoining Siamensing. He then sold his Kingses-sing land to his brother-in-law Lasse Cock, who resold it to James Hunt, an Englishman. Unfortunately, with the transfer of sovereignty to William Penn, there was no survey made of Anders Peters-son's expanded Siamensing estate. It would not be patented officially by Pennsylvania until more than fifty years later. It further appears that a part of Anders Petersson's land was sold or rented to Robert Longshore, an English surveyor who had married Lasse Cock's sister, Martha Cock.
In a 1684 survey of adjoining land owned by the Swedish Justis family, we find the first public record of Anders Petersson's adopted surname Långåker in Swedish (meaning "long field"), Longacre in English. It is uncertain whether this was descriptive of his land or a play on words, mimicking his new brother-in-law Robert Longshore.
Anders Petersson and his wife Magdalena Cock were active members of the Swedish log church at Wicaco. As "And. Persson," he was listed among the persons pledging contributions to that church in 1684. When that congregation and its counterpart at Crane Hook were without Swedish ministers or Swedish Bibles and hymn books, they petitioned the King of Sweden on 30 May 1693 asking for help. To the petition was appended the names of the two congregations. The 34th entry of the Wicaco congregation was the name of Anders Pärsson Långåker with "seven souls" in his household. On 30 October 1697 the leaders of both churches signed a letter to William Penn thanking him for allowing the Swedish clergymen to come to Pennsylvania. Among the signers for the Wicaco congregation was Anders Långåker, apparently written in his own hand.
Church records also show that in 1697 Anders Långåker pledged ^1.5 annually for Rudman's salary and also gave ^5 towards the construction of Gloria Dei (Old Swedes) Church at Wicaco, which was dedicated in 1700. In return, Anders Långåker was assigned a favorable pew, in the second row of the second quarter. On 14 May 1702, he was elected a vestryman and on 20 September 1717 he was elected a church warden.
On the tenth of October in 1718, Andrew Longacre of Kingsessing Township wrote his will, directing that his eldest son Peter receive "the place whereon he now dwells," 60 acres; that his second son Andrew, receive "all the land on which he now liveth on the north side of the King's Road," and that his youngest son Gabriel receive "the place wher-eon I now live" after the death of Magdalena. He also bequeathed to Gabriel two oxen, two cows, one horse, a bed and furniture. The will directed that his daughter Helena was to be "maintained on the plantation whereon I now live for life." He named as executors his wife and his son Andrew. The will was proved two months later, on 10 December 1718.
ANDREAS PETERSON3 LONGACRE (PETER2 ANDERSSON, ANDERS1 OLSSON) was born 1657 in Kingsessing, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania1, and died Abt. October 10, 1718 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He married MAGDELANA COCK 1681 in Kingsessing, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania1, daughter of PETER COCK and MARGARET LOM. She was born 1659 in New Sweden, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania, and died Aft. 1723.
Notes for ANDREAS PETERSON LONGACRE: "The chosen surname of Longacre (Swedish for "long field) first emerged in 1693". ("The 1693 Census of the Swedes on the Delaware River", by Peter Stebbins Craig, page 42).GroovyBeans are JavaBeans but using a much simpler syntax.
Here's an example
import java.util.Date class Customer { // properties Integer id String name Date dob // sample code static void main(args) { customer = new Customer(id:1, name:"Gromit", dob:new Date()) println("Hello ${customer.name}") } }Error rendering macro 'code': Invalid value specified for parameter 'lang'
Hello Gromit
Notice how the properties look just like public fields. You can also set
named properties in a bean constructor in Groovy. In Groovy fields and properties
have been merged so that they act and look the same. So the above is equivlent to the
following Java code...
h2 Property and field rules
When Groovy is compiled to bytecode the following rules are used.
- if the property is private, then a Java field is used to represent the property
- if a public or protected property is declared (properties are public by default) then a public or protected getter and setter are created along with a private Java field
- if you don't declare any getters or setters they are automatically created for you at the bytecode level for public or protected properties.
- if you create a public or protected property you can overload any auto-created methods
So for example you could create a public read only property with a protected setter
or a read only property like this
class Foo { // read only property private String name public String getName() { return name } // read only property with protected setter Integer amount protected void setAmount(Integer amount) { this.amount = amount } // dynamically typed property cheese }Elizabeth Dennehy Celebrity Watchlist
Elizabeth Dennehy
Watch See all »
Sun May 24 1:00am
Red Dragon MAXEAL…)
Mon May 25 9:30am
Seinfeld — The Handicap Spot(Season 4, Episode 22) TBS
There are many repercussions after the gang parks in a handicap space. Frank: John Randolph. Drake: Rick Overton. Salesman: Richard Portnow. Volunteer Woman: Nancy Lenehan.
Tue May 26 12:00pm
NUMB3RS — Sacrifice(Season 1, Episode 11) ION
A senior computer-science researcher working on a classified government project is found murdered in his Hollywood Hills home, and data stolen from his computer. The investigation reveals that the victim was going through a bitter divorce, and was trying t (more…)Indiana Jones Bandwagon
Last week I read an article on HNN entitled Indiana Jones for President, this week Discovery News runs an article about the “real” crystal skulls that are all being found to be fakes. Seems like historians (or maybe just the media?) really jump on the Indy bandwagon when a new movie comes out. What do you think?
Place your comment- Buy This Book in Print
- View Citation
- Save Citation
- Citation Saved
The "Racial" Economy of Science
Toward a Democratic Future
Publication Year: 1993
ation of culturally approved definitions of race difference -- including craniology and the measurement of IQ, the notorious Tuskegee syphilis experiments, and the dependence of Third World research on First World agendas.
Published by: Indiana University Press
Cover
CONTENTS
Preface
Download PDF (94.4 KB)
pp. ix-xiv
Download PDF (369.4 KB)
pp. 1-22
Download PDF (75.3 KB)
pp. 23-29
Download PDF (273.7 KB)
pp. 30-46
Download PDF (286.6 KB)
pp. 47-63
Download PDF (227.8 KB)
pp. 64-78”
Download PDF (47.9 KB)
pp. 79-83
Download PDF (607.8 KB)
pp. 84-115
Download PDF (207.4 KB)
pp. 116-127
Download PDF (81.2 KB)
pp. 128-132
Discussion of the races seems to generate endless emotion and confusion. I am under no illusion that this paper can do much to dispel the confusion; it may add to the emotion. The latest information available supports the traditional findings of anthropologists and other social scientists-that there is no scientific basis of any kind for racial discrimination. I think that the way this conclusion has been ...
On the Nonexistence of Human Races
Download PDF (162.5 KB)
pp. 133-141
Download PDF (328.3 KB)
pp. 142-160
Download PDF (136.6 KB)
pp. 161-169
Download PDF (446.4 KB)
pp. 170-194?
Download PDF (63.7 KB)
pp. 195-200
Download PDF (161.0 KB)
pp. 201-209
Download PDF (1.6 MB)
pp. 210-227
Download PDF (182.3 KB)
pp. 228-238

Download PDF (164.6 KB)
pp. 239-248
Download PDF (68.7 KB)
pp. 249-253
Download PDF (66.4 KB)
pp. 254-258
Download PDF (147.8 KB)
pp. 259-268
Download PDF (58.6 KB)
pp. 269-274 Moral Astigmatism”
Download PDF (206.4 KB)
pp. 275-286 ...
Calling the Shots? The International Politics of Depo-Provera
Download PDF (272.9 KB)
pp. 287-302
Download PDF (197.3 KB)
pp. 303-314
Download PDF (170.6 KB)
pp. 315-325
Download PDF (136.6 KB)
pp. 326-334
?
Download PDF (53.5 KB)
pp. 335-340
Download PDF (43.3 KB)
pp. 341-343
Download PDF (271.7 KB)
pp. 344-358
Download PDF (308.9 KB)
pp. 359-376
Download PDF (363.5 KB)
pp. 377-397
Download PDF (170.0 KB)
pp. 398-407
Download PDF (331.5 KB)
pp. 408-428
Download PDF (49.7 KB)
pp. 429-433
Download PDF (99.9 KB)
pp. 434-439
Download PDF (255.9 KB)
pp. 440-455
Download PDF (22.8 KB)
pp. 456-457
Download PDF (237.5 KB)
pp. 458-471
Download PDF (201.3 KB)
pp. 472-483
Download PDF (524.4 KB)
pp. 484-518
Download PDF (125.3 KB)
pp. 519-526
E-ISBN-13: 9780253115539
E-ISBN-10: 0253115531
Print-ISBN-13: 9780253208101
Page Count: 544
Illustrations: 4 b&w photos
Publication Year: 1993I posted this tweet about 1.5 years ago.
Well, the learn to code bandwagon has not died down since. Between IDA’s Smart Nation and General Assembly coming to Singapore, you know things are getting serious when the big boys get behind it.
To an average user, the software isn’t made up of code comments, super encapsulated classes, methods etc. It’s the interface. The software is the interface you provide your users. If you can’t design software to be usable, you don’t have software. On that note, think of how many man hours ACRA would save SMEs if they have a better interface.
So, the push for more computer engineers and developers needs to be coupled with a push for more creative people into User Experience, User Interface and Information Architecture disciplines. And it’s not an easy role either. To be a competent frontend designer, you need to understand:
- UX/UI
- Human psychology
- Effective copy writing
- Information Architecture
- Overall business objectives
- SEO
- The role of A/B testing
- Content marketing
- HTML/CSS + JS
- Analytics
- Mobile and responsive design
Geez that’s a lot of stuff. I would say finding a good front end designer is even harder than finding a good programmer.
It won’t be long before we starting seeing the Singapore/SE Asian versions ofA Commerce Street storefront that once was in disrepair now has new life, filled with visual arts that range from Asian-inspired black and cream canvases to bluesy abstract pieces. With refreshments, live acoustic music by Daffani Leigh and a crowd of about 30 people, the Hinesville Area Arts Council opened its doors Monday at its county-owned facility. “Every major city has an art presence downtown, and we wanted to follow that trend as well,” council Vice Chairwoman Jennifer Buehler said. “Every community needs to have some culture to it, and it adds entertainment to the area.”The new space, a 1,300-square-foot open room, will be used to host events that run the gamut of arts, from exhibitions to classes to literary gatherings. Juanita Lowery, who owned Inspirations Performance Studio before she closed its doors in June, will resume teaching dance classes to children ages 3 and older in the facility. New Day Outreach Ministry Pastor Richard Hayes attended the event and complimented the group on its work to celebrate cultural and ethnic diversity. “The value of art is being lost in our society, and I’m grateful that the arts council is bringing that element to the community,” he said. “It adds another aspect of more than just shopping and business and adds an artistic flavor to downtown.” Vicki Davis, an arts council member and executive director of the Hinesville Downtown Development Authority, said she loves that the building’s rehabilitation sets a precedent for other businesses downtown. “It’s a significant historical building in our community,” she said. “When it got to the point that previous businesses could not occupy it, my fear was that this building would follow the same trends we see too often of what is called demolition by neglect.” Though there is a deficiency of documentation on the building’s origin, Davis said that Historic Preservation Commission member Jon Collins confirmed that the building was constructed by Gen. Joseph Bacon-Frasier between 1945 and 1949 and once was the Georgian Hotel and Tea Room. County Administrator Joey Brown said the facility was home to Collins Pharmacy, and the county bought the building sometime during the 1980s. The Board of Tax Assessors and the Board of Elections both have used the space since then, and it has been unoccupied since the elections department moved out last year. The county granted the nonprofit council use of the space in exchange for an estimated $13,600 in renovations to the facility over a three-year lease period, the Courier previously reported. The nonprofit is funded primarily through the Margaret Martin Foundation, grants, membership fees and donations, according to Chairwoman Leah Poole. Beginning Monday, the facility will be open for public viewing from 10 a.m.-2 p.m., Poole said. Lowery’s dance classes will be held Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, and prices will range from $40-$65 per month. For more information about the classes, call 332-4462. For more information on arts council programs, go to hinesvillearts.com.eddy
US-Madoran
Impulse tauren shaman 90 (armory)
Languages: English
Looking for guild: unknown
Raids per week: unknown
Specs playing: unknownlast updated unknown
Statistics: Common Kills Proving Grounds PvP Pet Battles Quests
Raid Progress
Tiers: tier17
Gear
- Jun 10, 2011 Fasteddy joined guild
Impulse
- Jun 4, 2011 Fasteddy left guild
Impulse
- Jan 20, 2011 Fasteddy changed guild
Impossible Dreamwith Impulse
- Sep 9, 2010 Fasteddy joined guild
Impossible Dream
- Apr 15, 2010 Fasteddy left guild
Impossible Dream
- Dec 4, 2009 Fasteddy joined guild
Impossible Dream
- Dec 3, 2009 Fasteddy left guild
Audacity
- Sep 16, 2009 Fasteddy joined guild
Audacity About Fasteddy
- Last logout (Armory):
- 6 months ago
- Last checked:
- 5 months ago
common
- health:
- 89278
- stamina:
- 1822
- armor:
- 1347
- mana:
- 37000
- intellect:
- 1512
- spirit:
- 242
- strength:
- 181
- agility:
- 357
spell
- spell power:
- 2053
- crit chance:
- 20.65%
- mana regen casting:
- 740
- mana regen non-casting:
- 1737
- haste rating:
- 624
melee
- melee power:
- 357
- crit chance:
- 20.65%
- expertise:
- 0My friend Wagner Santos, a NetBeans specialist, has contributed to diamond-powder project, with an open source schema generator plugin.
Not only does his plugin prevent developers from common mistakes, but also it speeds up the diamond-powder schema development.
In his blog, we find installation and usage instructions:
Thank you Wagner !
Tuesday, March 24, 2009
Friday, October 3, 2008
Sun Tech Days 2008
Posted by rbellia at 8:30 AM Labels: helloworld
The Brazilian edition of Sun Tech Days (September 29 & 30) opened up space for lightening talks.
Diamond Powder was presented among other projects.
Thanks to my friend Cristiano Monteiro, who was in the audience and took this pictures.
Diamond Powder was presented among other projects.
Thanks to my friend Cristiano Monteiro, who was in the audience and took this pictures.
Here I am, at the middle of the stage. On the left, we see Vinicius Senger (SuperCRUD) and Mauricio Leal (Sun). Just behind them we see the projected Diamond Powder Logo.
Here, I'm telling the audience about the fuel consume control application, based on Diamond Powder. On the right we se the other lightening talk speakers: Vinicius Senger (about SuperCRUD), Jefferson Prestes (about PHP with Java), and Wagner Santos (Java EE 6 / EJB 3.1)
Wagner Santos, my friend, and a NetBeans Evangelist, helped me to set up the environment.
Friday, September 26, 2008
Runtime Delivered Schema
This sample was used to present Diamond Powder during Just Java 2008 and was shown to Roger Brinkley in the interview for Java Mobility Podcast.
First download the timesheet_dynamic sample from here.
You'll get two projects from the zip file:
The data collector that's been used collects time sheet entries. The cool features of this sample are:
- The schema can be maintened outside the Midlet application, in a web application
- The Midlet application is able to request new schema versions to some web server
- The Collector is able to parse a new schema on the fly
You'll get two projects from the zip file:
- dynaschema - is a regular NetBeans 6.1 Java EE Web project - once deployed to Tomcat it allows one to edit a schema definition using Diamond Powder syntax.
- dynaschemaConsumer - is a data collector Midlet application that asks for a timesheet schema, through a HTTP connection.
The screen shot bellow shows the web application being accessed, with a predefined (and editable) schema:
Next we see the Midlet application running, and the first menu option, that has to be selected to request a schema (the application starts with no schema):
Once the schema is loaded from the web application we're able to enter some timesheet activities, and to browse amongst them:
The real fun starts when we switch back to the web application and type some new schema definitions - to enable schema edition, click on Define Schema link, on the main web app page:
In this example, we've added a second page, and modified the flow to introduce such page. Once the schema edition has been done, click on "submit button".
Now we can use the same running Midlet instance to load the brand new schema version (the 1st option on the main menu), and benefit from a more sophisticated data collector:
- New activities will be collected along 2 pages;
- Old collected activities can be reviewed to be complemented with cost account management info.
You can go further and define new pages and fields on the schema with the web application and reload it from the Midlet. Just keep in mind that this Midlet application manages timesheet entries, and expects to receive a schema named "timesheet", and browse amongst records that supply at least the following fields : "date", "time1" and "activity". If you change the schema name, or supress some of this three fields in the schema definition, the Midlet is supposed to stop working. 2015
Full coverage of 2015's Australian Open, held between January 19th and February 1st. Check here for detailed match reports, scores, and post-match remarks from the players.
Proven to Amaze—New Yonex Commercial Ahead of Roland Garros
- Date
- 22/05/2015
Team Yonex players Stan Wawrinka (VCORE Tour G, SHT-PRO), Belinda Bencic (EZONE Ai 100, POLYTOUR HS 125) and Borna Coric (VCORE Tour F 97, POLYTOUR SPIN) are featured in a new Yonex commercial. The new video spotlights our players competing to complete the best trick shot with Yonex gear, boasting amazing results.
Internazionali BNL d'Italia: Team Yonex Excels on Clay
- Date
- 18/05/2015
Rome’s Internazionali BNL d'Italia came to a close on May 17th, with several members of Team Yonex making fine runs at the tournament.
VCORE Si 100 Named “Best for Feel” in UK’s Tennishead
- Date
- 07/05/2015
The VCORE Si 100 was named “Best for Feel” in the June issue of UK tennis magazine Tennishead’s 2015 Racket Reviews.
Nick Kyrgios Stuns Federer at Madrid Open
- Date
- 07/05/2015
Young Australian powerhouse Nick Kyrgios (EZONE Ai 98, POLYTOUR PRO 120) is making a spectacular return to the court, his latest triumph coming in the second round of the Madrid Open. Nick faced world No. 2 Roger Federer in the second round for a tense outing that stretched across an epic 2 hours and 37 minutes. Yonex rising star Belinda Bencic (EZONE Ai 100, POLYTOUR HS 125) won her first WTA title on May 1st at the Prague Open in doubles.
Angelique Kerber Beats Caroline Wozniacki at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix
- Date
- 27/04/2015
After a phenomenal run at the Family Circle cup, Angelique Kerber (VCORE Si 100) secured her second straight title of the clay season at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix. She defeated world No. 5 Caroline Wozniacki in a dramatic rollercoaster of a final match.
Angelique Kerber Stuns World No. 2 at Porsche Tennis Grand Prix
- Date
- 24/04/2015
German Angelique Kerber (VCORE Si 100) earned the biggest match win of her career in front of her home crowd at the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix held in Stuttgart, Germany. The world No. 14 met up with No. 1 seed and world No. 2 Maria Sharapova for an invigorating second round match.
Angelique and Martina Win Singles and Doubles Titles at Family Circle Cup
- Date
- 13/04/2015
The 2015 Family Circle Cup came to a stunning conclusion this past Sunday, with Team Yonex players making it to the top in both singles and doubles on the tournament’s clay courts.
Miami Open 2015: Martina Hingis Earns 43rd Career Doubles Title
- Date
- 06/04/2015
It was under the hot Florida sun on April 5th that Martina Hingis (EZONE Ai 100, POLYTOUR PRO 125, SHT-PRO) grabbed her second consecutive title at the Miami Open. This win comes fresh off of her victory at Indian Wells two weeks ago.
Team Yonex Makes Waves at 2015 Miami Open
- Date
- 28/03/2015
Team Yonex is advancing strongly at the Miami Open as the tournament approaches its second half. The tournament has seen victories for both Team Yonex vets and young guns.
Stan the Man’s SHT-PRO Shoes Awarded Tennis Addict’s Gold Medal
- Date
- 27/03/2015
Coming off of the VCORE Tour F 93’s award in Tennis Magazine (USA) and the POLYTOUR PRO 125’s praise on Stringforum.net, eyes are on Yonex tennis gear once again, this time with a focus on footwear. In French tennis magazine Tennis Addict, Stan Wawrinka’s SHT-PRO shoes received the publication’s gold medal in their annual performance test. This marks the fifth consecutive time that Yonex shoes have been awarded in the magazine.
Follow YONEXBy Sue GilmoreContra Costa Times
MEZZO-SOPRANO Paula Rasmussen is thrilled to step into the title role in Berkeley West Edge Opera's upcoming production of Handel's "Xerxes" -- but she's not going to quit her day job.
That's because singing opera was the day job she quit almost a decade ago, in the middle of an intense, red-hot career on two continents, to pursue an entirely new line of work. Now in her early 40s, Rasmussen is a hard-driving litigating attorney, pursuing plaintiffs' interests in asbestos and personal injury cases for the San Francisco office of the Brent Coon and Associates law firm.
But ratchet back to 1990 and you find an opera-star wannabe happily enrolled in San Francisco Opera's prestigious Merola training program, with just about everything breaking her way. A job as a resident artist with the Los Angeles Opera turns into an eight-year commitment, with Placido Domingo serving as her boss and mentor. The invitations pile up, and soon she is singing with opera companies in Paris, Cologne, New York, Dresden and Geneva, and as a guest soloist with orchestras all over the world as well.
So -- what happened to halt this screaming successful woman in her tracks, pivot her 180 degrees and put her on target for the degree she earned from San Francisco's Golden Gate University School of Law in 2007?
A lot of it has to do with Don Sherrill, her husband of 14 years, who, amazingly enough, is an opera singer who turned lawyer two years after she did (but that's another story for another time). They first met singing in "La Cenerentola" for Dallas Opera in 1994 and were reunited there the next year to do Gounod's "Romeo and Juliet." The romance blossomed, but all the cross-country and intercontinental flights made cohabitation problematic. "We were married, but we didn't get to move into each other's space for almost a year," Rasmussen recalls ruefully.
Pressures on the domestic life were steadily building, but the mezzo says her "aha" moment came abruptly Sept. 11, 2001. She was singing Rosina in "Barber of Seville" with the Welsh National Opera, and Don was at home in New York. "I couldn't reach anybody, all the phones were down. I couldn't reach my husband to see if he was OK; I couldn't reach my brother, who lived in Brooklyn, to see if he was OK," she says. "It took several days, and of course, I couldn't get home."
All the missed birthdays and canceled vacations her hectic life had occasioned had taken their toll. Meanwhile, Rasmussen, an avid "Law & Order" fan, was drawn into the BBC's coverage of the events unfolding around 9/11. "I started to think about politics and the laws, and who's formulating our policies and who's controlling the world, really," she says. "It made me think about the law in a different way."
Law school was a definite slog. Rasmussen, who confesses she sailed through high school and college without having to take a demanding course, says nothing in her opera background prepared her for the intensity of her Saturday study sessions. "I would just read from 7 in the morning until 7 at night and knock it all out," she says.
But if opera did not serve her in the law, the law, conversely, has been of great help with her (radically reduced) singing commitments. Constructive criticism is no longer a source of stress for her, she says.
"It's really about spiritual and emotional growth," she says. "Being a young singer, starting right from college and having everything kind of fall right into place for me, I hadn't developed a lot of critical thinking skills -- hadn't developed the ability to step back and evaluate situations without it being personal or getting emotionally invested in it."
Returning to the Bay Area for law school put Rasmussen back in touch with fellow Merola alum Mark Streshinsky, now artistic director of Berkeley West Edge Opera. They Facebook-friended each other, and he poked around on YouTube to find the video clips of her singing two of the most celebrated arias "Xerxes" has in Handel's opera from a 2000 production in Dresden. Persuasive Streshinsky coaxed Rasmussen back into what has become, thanks to the "probably 100 times" she has sung it professionally, her signature role.
"It just suits me," she declares. "It's kind of like putting on your favorite pair of shoes, it's really comfortable.
"I like his personality," she adds about the tyrannical Persian king who opens the opera singing an aria ("Ombra mai fu") to his beloved plane tree. "The music is phenomenal. Every time I hear it, I love it -- I am not bored by it at all. And it's fun to be playing a lead character who is so interesting."
Although she initially thought she was turning her back on her singing career when law school started, Rasmussen has kept her foot on the stage "not really by design, just by accident," accepting a few gigs of short duration as they were offered, if there was no serious conflict with her studies or her job. Occasionally, her two lives rub up against each other, sometimes serendipitously, sometimes comically.
Last spring, when the Houston Symphony invited her to be a guest soloist for the Mozart Requiem, she took up working space during the day in her law firm's home office in that city -- and was able to get the entire staff into the symphony hall for her evening performances. "So that was a collision of two worlds that I didn't really anticipate, but it all worked out great," she says.
Another time, she was taking a deposition in a complex litigation, which involved hand-holding her client through a session with "30 other people in the room who are against us." She left the room, not knowing that someone there was pulling up her YouTube clips during the break.
"When I came back in, they were all huddled around the computer watching me sing, which was pretty funny," she recalls. "And they said, 'What are you doing here? Why are YOU taking a deposition?'"
Another happy collision is in the offing with Saturday's opening of "Xerxes" in the El Cerrito Performing Arts Theater. Performing as Elviro, who provides much of the funny stuff in Handel's serio-comic opera, is a bass-baritone-by-night, lawyer-by-day guy named Don Sherrill. Rasmussen laughs aloud at the obvious question that raises.
"Everybody thinks that, but no, we are absolutely not competitive with one another at all, not for one second," she says. It was always a mutual admiration society for the two of them, she adds. "If one of us got a phone call that got us an amazing job, the other was figuring out how they could go -- there was never any jealousy."
Contact Sue Gilmore at sgilmore@bayareanewsgroup.com.
'Xerxes'
Berkeley West Edge presents Handel's opera, starring mezzo-soprano Paula RasmussenWHEN: 8 p.m. Saturday and Nov. 19, 2 p.m. Nov. 21WHERE: El Cerrito Performing Arts Theater, 540 Ashbury Ave. El CerritoRUNNING TIME: 2½ hoursTICKETS: $15-$69, 510-841-1903 or: To hear Paula Rasmussen sing two arias from "Xerxes," go to ContraCostaTimes.com or InsideBayArea.com.Supplies:
Stamps - In God We Trust (Our Daily Bread Designs)
Paper - Porcelain (Basicgrey), Kraft, Neenah Natural White
Ink - Vintage Sepia (Versafine), Old Paper (Ranger Distress Ink)
Accessories - Oval Nestabilities (Spellbinders), Stars (SU Punch), Buttons (Porcelain - Basicgrey), mini multicolored rhinestones (ZVA Creations), Kraft Satin Ribbon (SU), Fiskars Borders Punch, Sewing Machine
14 comments:
I love the unexpected color choices for this card. It's tranquil and so beautiful. Stepping outside of the box really paid off here!
So soft and pretty--what an elegant design! You work GREAT with non-typical colors!!!
I LOVE the soft colors and the Porcelain papers you used! Love the little buttons on the stars!
WOW Tosh - you really did a magnificent job on this!! I love those star buttons -- they are just gorgeous!! KUDOS KUDOS!!
Wow...this is so soft and pretty, Tosh!! I love all of your stitching, stars with buttons, and of course...your wonderful sentiment!!
so elegant Tosh
Breathtaking! So soft, and pretty, and girly...LOVE IT!
What a great sketch Tosh, love your soft card, so pretty.
Soooo GORGEOUS!!! It's soooo soft and elegant!!!
Wowie! This soft beauty speaks volumes, Tosh! Love all the stitching and buttons!
Soooo soft and lovely, Tosh! Wonderful colors and composition...and I love that verse! :)
Even with these non-traditional colors you did an exceptional job on the challenge! So soft and pretty!!!
Wow, this is so fantastic!!! Gorgeous colors and I love the star/button combo! You are da-bomb!!!
This is lovely Tosh! the colors are wonderful!We have been talking all spring about taking the kids to a Cardinal's game and yesterday was the day. Thanks to Craigslist, Paul was able to score us some good tickets in the shade which was nice since it was 92 degrees yesterday! We made it through 7 innings and I only had to spend two of those chasing Jonah around in the halls. When we left the Cards were down by two but came back to win in the 10th inning. We had fun I think. I didn't see much of the game!
With my sister Bethany. Did I mention she's living with us till the end of July??
Baby's first Cards game.New Mitchum Project I Worked Onby
It has been INSANELY busy at work lately, hence, no blog posts in over a month. One of the projects that has literally kept me up late is the new Mitchum deodorant website. And yes, HTML5 was used.
Mitchum, which is wholly owned by my employer, launched a new site on Sunday, May 15, 2011. While Max over at image0, set up the back-end development on Sitecore and managed the development process with Scrummy (check out his in-depth post about this here), I wired up the front-end code. As with a previous site I worked on for my bosses, I just hooked up most of the front-end code and didn’t design it.
Despite the tight time constraint and late nights, this was a pretty easy project. I walked away with two major positives: I used a lot of cool new front-end development tools in my work and really refined the process of “thinking” like a developer.
Starting with the tools first…
HTML5 Boilerplate
The Mitchum site marks the first time I’ve coded an HTML5 site from scratch and there’s no way in the world that I would’ve done it without the HTML5 Boilerplate template. While I didn’t use all of Boilerplate’s features, I did follow its best practices: CSS at the top, almost all the JavaScript at the bottom, creating browser-specific CSS based on the embedded classes in the body tag, etc. I didn’t use Modernizr as much has I’d hoped to but it’s there making all the HTML5 tags cross-browser friendly.
Prior to coding, I spent a fair amount of time reviewing Ben Schwarz’s simplified HTML5 spec and wireframed the page elements once the design was about 50% approved. I think that my code meets the spec, although there is an tag structure in one spot that may be questionable and I should have used a tag in the footer; I may have to clean these up a little further down the road.
As I neither designed nor own this site, I can’t confirm how close to spec my code is by sending it to HTML5 Doctor and HTML5 Gallery.
Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate
I’ve used Visual Studio web development tool pretty intensely for about six years and while I don’t know all the ins and outs, I’ll notice some differences when a new version comes out. VS 2010 is faster, has a cleaner interface and is much more intuitive than its predecessors. Were it more LAMP-friendly, it would be my primary web dev tool.
As implied, I used HTML5 Boilerplate inside Visual Studio. Syncing these two things was achieved with…
NuGet
The best piece of knowledge that I walked out with at MIX11.
NuGet is a Visual Studio extension that allows you to add, subtract and update tools and features within the IDE. The tools and features are compiled into .NET packages hosted at nuget.org, and can be added to VS by either adding package references in the VS Tools menu or via the Package Manager command line tool that comes with the extension.
NuGet hosts a few different packages of HTML5 Boilerplate package so I added the one for web forms to my Visual Studio setup. The package contained an older version of jQuery so I updated it using NuGet as well. I’m also looking to clean up and optimize the code on the near future so I’m looking at some NuGet minify packages right now.
Simply put, NuGet is an incredibly awesome tool and I can’t visualize myself using Visual Studio without it. It also runs on Visual Web Developer but not WebMatrix or SharePoint Designer. It will, most likely, never run on the last two.
I saw a couple of NuGet demos at MIX11, with the best one being the demo hosted by Scott Hanselman and Phil Haack. Check it out here. The Silverlight’s pretty crappy though; I suggest watching the WMV with Window Media Player.
As far as how I’ve been “thinking” like a developer, I have to jump back to MIX11:
Before attending the NuGet session at MIX11, I attended Jeff Croft’s session on being a designer/developer hybrid. During the Q&A panel, I asked him if thought that mobile was driving people to be both designers and developers since mobile puts less emphasis on design. He provided a very simple answer, which I’m paraphrasing here:
“Mobile may be pushing some in directions where they need to be both designers and developers, but they’re directions that we should have been going anyway. We need to be thinking about developing for many devices.”
I was somewhat applying this mindset to my work before he said this but his answer forced me to make this mindset conducive to my nature, starting with Mitchum. I really thought about image optimization, cleaner CSS and smaller external files during this project, doing whatever it takes to make the site load faster.
Factor in all the reading on mobile design and media queries that I’ve been doing on my own lately, and I really believe that all designers and developers should think this way-strive to create clean, optimized code that work on as many devices as possible. It will better prepare us for the future and is how I’m living my life moving forward on all of my work.
Coding Mitchum was a good project for me…I’m glad I did it.
Again, check out Max’s post here to see what he did on the back-end.Eight years ago Sweden and Denmark drew 2-2 at Euro 2004 to eliminate Italy from the tournament. On Monday night, 18 June 2012, Gli Azzurri could be about to suffer the same agonising fate if Croatia and Spain produce the same scoreline. It is an unlikely scenario – but it was the same in 2004, with the Sweden and Denmark coaches reacting angrily to suggestions of "an agreement". Here is a look back on what was said before the game – and what actually happened.
What they said before the game
In the build-up to the Sweden v Denmark group game at Euro 2004, both the countries' coaches were furious at the mere mention of "a fix". The neighbours only needed to draw 2-2 to eliminate Italy but Morten Olsen and Tommy Soderberg were in defensive mode, with the Dane saying: "That's ridiculous. Don't speak about that. We are honest people. We are going out to win the game and that's all. [Italy] can speak about these things but not Denmark and Sweden. We are going honestly for a result."
Soderberg became so angry when pressed by the Italians that he hit a table with his hand and banged a fist against his chest as he said: "We say it again, we will not make a deal with Denmark. It's about passion and dignity."
Lars Lagerback, Soderberg's co-coach,."
What happened
Jon Dahl Tomasson fired Denmark in front with a superb dipping volley from 20 yards out. Henrik Larsson equalised from the spot after the interval for Sweden but Tomasson restored Denmark's lead with a drilled shot from inside the area. It remained 2-1 to Denmark … until the 88th minute, when Mattias Jonson scored to send Sweden and Denmark through to the last eight and Italy home.
Years after the game the Swedish football magazine Offside published a piece about the game and what was said between the players during the 90 minutes at the Bessa Stadium in Porto. They were said in jest – but it was not easy reading for the Italians.
During the warm-up Erik Edman had asked Daniel Jensen "should we go for 2-2?" to which the Danish defender smiled and said: "Yes, why not?" Edman then said: "OK, you concede first."
During the game Sweden's Anders Andersson shouted "come on, bloody hell, give us a break now" to Denmark's Thomas Gravesen when Sweden were losing 2-1. "Yes, but then you have to at least go forward," said the Danish midfielder, who was dominating the game.
After the final whistle, with the 2-2 result confirmed, the Swedish striker Marcus Allback heard a voice behind him, saying: "Mackan, Mackan." It was Allback's Danish team-mate at Aston Villa, Thomas Sorensen, calling him by his nickname before lifting him up in the air. Allback was horrified and shouted: "Let me go, let me go, this is embarrassing."
The day after
The following morning one Swedish newspaper just had a huge "2-2" on the front page with "Congratulations Italy, you tipped correctly" in brackets as well as "Sorry, Italy, you are out". The Italians, understandably, were not happy and Milan's vice president Adriano Galliani said: "We got as many points as the players who are blond and beautiful. But we are darker and not as beautiful."
Fast-forward eight years and ahead of the Spain v Croatia game there were ominous signs as the Spanish sports daily Marca published a picture of Luis Enriqué bleeding after being elbowed by the Italian Mauro Tassotti in 1994 with a headline saying "Don't worry, we're not resent?)15160PTgui -- why doesnt it just use RAM?
Expand Messages
- Dec 1, 2007To create a hi-res spherical, PTgui says 7 tiffs at 70MB each requires
about 1GB of scratch disk -- if I have 4 GB of RAM, why does it need a
disk at all except to save the final image? Wouldn't doing everything
in RAM dramatically speed things up, especially since disk I/O seems to
be the bottleneck?
I'm no computer guru, so maybe this is a naive question and I'm missing
something simple.
What I'm fairly certain of is that in the 5 hours it takes my dual core
2GHz machine (2:30 minutes on Milko's speedtest) to stitch a 16bit
11,000x5500 image, my CPU reads 5-10% most of the time and my disks are
not being accessed much of this time (and could write 1GB a few hundred
times in that time anyway, if that were truly the bottleneck).
-Matt
- Next post in topic >>Unlike many troubled golf resort developments that have stumbled into creditor protection or receivership in recent years, Tsawwassen Springs is poised for rapid expansion.
Developer Ron Toigo believes the main di!erence between his resort development – projected to be a $400 million, 490-home golf resort and residential neighbourhood by 2016 – and those that have floundered is that it’s in Metro Vancouver.
Toigo also opted to have local architect Ted Locke design the golf course rather than pay many times that cost to have a golf legend design it.
“It’s a minimum of $1 million to get [a golf legend to build] a signature golf course,” Toigo said, “and, really, it doesn’t change the golf course one bit.”
B.C.’s highest pro*le residential resort golf course +op involved Bear Mountain Master Partnership (BMMP). 1e developer was forced into creditor protection when HSBC Bank Canada attempted to recoup $250 million in loans, which resulted in 2010’s largest real estate transaction involving B.C. companies.
BMMP’s Bear Mountain Resort on Vancouver Island has two golf courses designed by Jack Nicklaus.
Other troubled B.C. resort developments include:
Vancouver Island’s Wyndansea, where developers had intended to have a Jack Nicklaus-designed golf course but instead saw the project slip into receivership in the summer of 2008; the Cli!s Over Maple Bay, which was expected to have a Greg Norman-designed golf course but instead sought creditor protection and eventually fell into receivership in late 2008; and the Okanagan’s the Rise, where developers built a golf course designed by Fred Couples before the project was placed in creditor protection in late &$$3. Plans for a Nick Faldo-designed golf course at the Revelstoke Mountain Resort (RMR) never got o! the ground. 1e project is now mired in a lawsuit that Nick Faldo Designs *led against RMR for unpaid bills. Toigo, who also owns the Western Hockey League’s Vancouver Giants, has dreamed of creating a Lower Mainland-based residential golf resort for decades. The challenge was finding a large enough property in the right location.
In the early 1980s, Toigo started buying prime farmland outside the agricultural land reserve (ALR). He then negotiated a complex set of land swaps that moved 170 acres of farmland into the ALR in exchange for removing about 30 acres not suitable for farming from the ALR and turning it into the Tsawwassen Springs development.
“The golf course would never be farmed,” Toigo said. “It wasn’t good soil or a good location.”
He also brought in high profile co-investors: crooner Michael Buble; talent manager Bruce Allen and; former Vancouver Canucks coach and general manager Pat Quinn.
1at consortium has thus far pumped nearly $100 million into the project to build roads, amenities and the 22 condominiums in a four-storey wood-frame structure that sold out in the project’s first phase.
Toigo said an additional 53 homes and 93 condominiums in second phase are slated to be complete by spring 2013 and will increase the developers’ costs to $160 million.
Presales for the homes have already launched.
“We’re only pre-selling 20 of the single-family homes,” Toigo said. “We’ll sell the others when they’re complete. We’d prefer not to do any presales, but with the banking system being what it is, the bank requires it.”
Toigo added that presales for the condos started about a month ago. He said 27 of the 50 earmarked for presale have been bought.
Toigo pointed out that most buyers have lived in Metro Vancouver much of their lives and appreciate that Tsawwassen can be a 30 minute drive from downtown and a 15 minute drive from Richmond.
- Business In VancouverArticle Preview
ND man pleads not guilty to shocking woman
Published 05/22/2012, The Jamestown Sun
A Bismarck man accused of shocking his ex-girlfriend with a cattle prod in a dispute involving money has pleaded not guilty to felony charges.Word count: 92
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Since the Eco-friendly Motion functions it’s miracle about the journey business, increasingly more vehicle leasing businesses tend to be including crossbreed gas-electric vehicles for their fleets. Consider this particular chance to obtain a vehicle leasing offer on the crossbreed — you are able to benefit from the effective usage, reduced fueling expenses, and you’ll discover that the crossbreed vehicle is a great complement for you personally as well as your way of life. The typical navy energy effectiveness associated with any kind of main leasing organization has become more than twenty-eight kilometers for each gallon, the industry large enhancement more than information through 5 in order to ten years back.
Hybrids tend to be Restricted
Crossbreed vehicles continue to be not really becoming produced using the exact same rate of recurrence because gas-burning vehicles; consequently, leasing businesses are experiencing to include their own titles in order to waiting around listings just like anyone customer. Whilst main businesses such as Business as well as Spending budget provide vehicle leasing offers about the a large number of hybrids they’ve within their fleets, they’re anxiously waiting for the actual buy associated with brand new versions. The majority of leasing businesses tend to be buying any kind of crossbreed versions they are able to obtain on the job, plus they aspire to dual or even multiple their own share within the following 2 yrs. It would appear that the actual restricted crossbreed stock is actually praising not many demands through business or even government-based fleets, meaning vehicle leasing offers upon these types of highly-coveted versions is going to be few in number.No eBook available
Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.
Go to Google Play Now »
17 pages matching interests in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 17
This book saved my ass on several occasions and will do many times more. It is practical, thought provoking and thorough in its teaching excellent communication skills and some of the things that go ....Enough!
Once again, a team that’s filled with scorers gets one goal in a 2-1 overtime loss to Houston.
Kyle Turris, Mikhail Boedker and Viktor Tikhonov have let down the Rampage all season, and it’s getting tiresome. All three kids are first round picks.
It seems everyone is enabling these guys.
Everyone wants to say nice things about them so as not to hurt their feelings, get them in a funk.
Well here’s a bulletin — they’ve been in a funk ALL SEASON and it’s getting downright silly.
Maybe they aren’t as good as some people thought.
They certainly haven’t shown us here in San Antonio anything more impressive than the Layne Ulmer lack of scoring days.
At least Ulmer went to the locker room after giving some effort.
No matter how much positive spin coach Ray Edwards puts on each mounting loss, the Rampage are going nowhere without these youngsters playing to their perceived potential.
Add them up funseekers — Turris, Boedker and Tikhonov (before he was shipped off to Russia at the end of November) have scored 10 goals all season.
10 goals!
That was a week’s worth in juniors for Turris, where he scored 112 in Burnaby in 110 games. But with the Rampage, the obviously talented first round pick, THIRD overall, has five in 26 games.
Turris has shown some flair on occasion, but mostly, he has coasted through his time in the AHL instead of dominating the league like his resume suggests he should.
At least Turris has contributed some assists (14).
Boedker has been even more invisible, if that is possible.
The pride of Denmark scored his third goal of the season on his 20th birthday in Houston Wednesday night.
It was his first goal since he misfired on a one-timer that threw off the goaltender on Nov. 13 against Chicago. Otherwise, Rampage fans are still patiently waiting for first-round wonderment from him as he skates his shifts like Alex Bourret, another first-round bust of the Atlanta Thrashers, who has taken his one assist in 14 games game to the Czech Republic.
Boedker has added THREE assists in 16 games.
Tikhonov, before packing his bags for the Motherland, scored 2 goals in 16 games. The only contact he encountered at the rink was from his own teammates when he bumped into them on the bench after another nonproductive shift.
Perhaps the Coyotes did these three kids a serious disfavor by keeping them in the show in their teenage years. Sure, Boedker scored 11 goals and Turris and Tikhonov chipped in 8 apiece, but those numbers aren’t going to start paving your way to the hall of fame.
The bottom line is they are giving the Rampage the equivalent of a temper tantrum — “you send me to San Antonio and I’ll sit in my room, hold my breath and not score goals until you take me back to Arizona.”
Throw in second-rounder Brett MacLean, who seems to score in bunches and then disappears for weeks on end, (case in point: 5 goals in three games in October, followed by one goal in 10 games, followed by 4 goals in three games, followed by one goal in five games) and you see why Jeff Hoggan is getting more and more gray hairs this season.
Second bottom line — The Rampage need these high-priced kids to start scoring and throwing a few checks rather than just cashing them.
Factor in the lack of scoring from Chad Kolarik (no goals in six straight) — no goals from Hoggan in five straight — ONE goal by Stefan Meyer in 21 games after scoring 18 in Rochester last year — nothing offensively from Ryan Hollweg, another NHL castoff or rookie Colin Long — Kevin Porter has one goal in five games while going -9 on the plus-minus scale — heck, if it weren’t for the Ducks MacGregor Sharp with a goal and two assists in the five-game losing streak, and newcomers Matt Watkins and Anders Eriksson, the Rampage offense would be completely dead in the water.
It can only get better, right?
Get Ready to Throw Down Friday
Should the Rampage actually score a goal Friday against Grand Rapids, fans can throw new stuffed animals onto the ice. The animals will then be collected and given to needy children for Christmas.
Since San Antonio shooters have scored seven goals in their last five games, fans may be prepared to keep their teddies on their laps until after the game, when, a few years back, they finally got to throw the stuffies after their heroes were shutout..
Nice to see you tell it like it is, sir!
By the way, now that Ice Edge seems to be on the way to buying the Coyotes, what about the news that came out early on (when Ice Edge was first mentioned as a possible buyer) regarding them wanting to move the Rampage up to the Great White North? purpose was to explore the factors influencing sexual risk behaviors and HIV testing among Male sex workers (MSW).
May 21, 2015
Explores the role of social relationships in the transmission and prevention of HIV among marginalized populations.
Apr 24, 2015
Understanding sexual networks can provide insight into risk factors for transmission and guide prevention interventions.
Late presentation to testing, treatment and continued care has detrimental impacts on the health of HIV-positive individuals as well as their sexual partners' health.
Mar 9, 2015
Interventions targeting homeless youth should reflect multiple levels of risk behavior and evaluation in order to address the diversity of risk profiles.
Feb 25, 2015
We examined whether engagement in prevention advocacy among HIV clients is associated with their own condom use and HIV care adherence.
Dec 23, 2014
This is one of the first qualitative event-based studies to understand the various mechanisms through which multiple factors influence condom use decision making among homeless youth.
Nov 26, 2014
Social, relational and network determinants of condom use and HIV testing were examined among 213 men who have sex with men (MSM) in Beirut.
Nov 21, 2014
Most successful schools demonstrate better retention and academic achievement. As a result, being admitted to or attending a successful school can reduce very risky health behaviors among low-income adolescents.
Jul 30, 2014
In this paper, the authors examine module theme in relationship to depressive symptoms reported during and post-treatment among clients receiving concurrent substance abuse treatment in either a residential or outpatient setting.
May 20, 2014
In a diverse group of early adolescents, this study explores the co-occurrence of a broad range of health risk behaviors: alcohol, cigarette, and marijuana use; physical inactivity; sedentary computing/gaming; and the consumption of low-nutrient energy-dense food.
May.
Jan 1, 2014
Racial disparities in late-life cognition persist even after accounting for educational attainment. We examined whether early-life educational quality and literacy in later life help explain these disparities.
There is evidence to suggest that antiretroviral therapy (ART) and testing for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reduce the probability of transmission of HIV.
Jun 1, 2013
Substance use, housing instability, and transactional sex all contribute to HIV risk engagement among homeless women.
May 1, 2013
Commentary
If this issue were to be decided on the basis of public health benefits, the outcome would be clear: Condoms indisputably prevent both unintended pregnancies and the spread of sexually transmitted infections, writes Chloe Bird.
Apr 23, 2013
To examine the cost and cost-effectiveness of implementing Talking Parents, Healthy Teens, a worksite-based parenting program designed to help parents address sexual health with their adolescent children.
Mar 5, 2013
Sexual health problems affect adolescents disproportionately more than adults, and efforts to improve their sexual health and decision making have not been fully successful. However, research integrating insights from neuroscience and other areas could increase our understanding of sexual risk behaviors among youth.
Feb 1, 2013Erik Corrigan
First Vice President
LIC # 01419765
Career Summary
Erik Corrigan has a wide variety of experience, and strong local knowledge of Palo Alto, and surrounding cities. He represents local clients with the local purchase/sale of office, industrial, and retail buildings. He has worked with developers to understand the underlying land value of properties based on their location and zoning. He has also completed dozens of lease transactions in these markets.
Erik also works as a member of Kidder Mathews Tech Grid which follows technology tenants in the market. He is a member of the Pacific Research Center leasing team representing approximately 1.8 million square feet of office/lab and manufacturing space. This team completed over 400,000 square feet of lease transactions in 2011.
Prior to joining Kidder Mathews in March of 2008, Erik had been working with NAI BT Commercial in Palo Alto for five years.
Education
Corrigan has an MBA from University of San Francisco with a double major in Telecommunications and Finance. He has an undergraduate degree in business from Menlo College in Atherton, CA.
Specializing In
- Mid-Peninsula Office/R&D leasing
- Mid-Peninsula Office/R&D/Land Purchase/Sale
- In-Fill Development opportunities
Recent Transactions
- T
- 650.769.3518
- F
- 650.769.3551
203 Redwood Shores Pkwy, Ste 530
Redwood City, CA 94065
Select Client List
- BioMed Realty
- Corland Partners
- Keys School, Palo Alto
- Vance Brown Builders
- PACCOM ManagementGARDEN HELP
With a 136-year history of developing proven plants, Burpee Home Gardens inspires gardening confidence. Our aim is to take the guesswork out of gardening so you’ll join the millions of home gardeners who’ve found success with our tried-and-true plants.
Looking for information? Our FAQ page includes answers to some of the most common gardening questions.
Want to share a gardening success story or ask a specific question? Connect with Burpee Home Gardens experts and fellow gardeners in Burpee's Backyard.
Browse our Podcasts and Videos for helpful garden advice and tips for a winning season! Or connect with the Burpee Garden Coach for timely reminders all season long.This is the June 14, 2013 news archive. View today's Reds rumors and news.
Bruce HR in 10th rescues mistake-prone Reds
Jay Bruce homered off Burke Badenhop with one out in the 10th inning on Friday night, rallying the Cincinnati Reds to a 4-3 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers in a game full of errors and wasted chances.Share Tweet
Reds' Broxton has swelling in right elbowReds reliever Jonathan Broxton has swelling in his right elbow, leaving his status uncertain for a weekend series against the Milwaukee Brewers.Share Tweet
Bruce's Walk-Off Blast Lifts RedsJun 14Jay Bruce's 10th-inning walk-off home run gave the Reds the 4-3 victory over the Brewers.
Bruce's Walk-Off Blast Lifts RedsJun 14Baseball Tonight Spotlight: Jay Bruce's 10th-inning walk-off home run gave the Reds the 4-3 victory over the Brewers.?Resumen:
Roses In Modern Gardens : Roses have everything: beauty of form, abundant flowering, glorious perfume, varied seasonal interest, mystique, and above all, versatility. No wonder, then, that today's leading garden designers incorporate roses in many of their most innovative projects. With photographs of newly designed gardens that showcase roses from all over the world, and complemented by a directory of featured roses, this is an essential guide for both rose lovers and general gardeners alike.BURR, Cheryl Lynne, 60, of Barnesville, OH, died Thursday, April 17, 2014 at Southeastern Ohio Regional Medical Center.
She was born June 23, 1953 in Barnesville, OH, daughter of the late George W. Andrews and Lois B. Bates Andrews.
A loving mother, grandmother, sister, and friend, Cheryl enjoyed spending time with family and knitting.
In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her husband, Robert L. Burr and brother, George W. Andrews II.
Cheryl is survived by daughters, Connie (Roger) Wines of Barnesville, Melissa (Ronald) Burr- Bartolo, Jr. of St. Clairsville; her life-long companion of 25 years, Kenneth Burghy of Barnesville and his children; 19 grandchildren; 17 great- grandchildren; sisters, Freda (Richard) Marendt, Brenda (Charlie) Bowersock; sister-in-law, Janet Andrews; brothers, John Richard (Ruth) Andrews, Paul (Sharon) Andrews, Jim K. (Linda) Andrews; and her faithful dog, Gizmo.
Family and friends may visit, Sunday from 4-8 p.m., Kelly Kemp Braido & Patron Funeral Home, 702 E. Main Street, Barnesville, OH, where the service will be conducted Monday 11 a.m. Val Roxby officiating. Interment will follow at Hope Cemetery, Hendrysburg, Ohio
Online condolences may be sent to:.
200 S. Fourth St. , Martins Ferry, OH 43935 | 740-633-1131
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Three bedroom villas is located next to Villa 9. Ideal for 2 families looking to holiday together but still retain some privacy. Each villa consists of 1 double and 2 twin bedrooms each bedroom benefiting from its own bath or shower room. Each villa can be booked separately.
The villas sit in a small gated community that consists of just 18 properties. 2 large pools snake through the centre of the complex with small paddling pools catering for the very young.
The villas are complemented with modern, bright furnishing. Each with Patio furniture for that alfresco dining experience.
Weather you're a group looking for a less expensive base for a golfing holiday, a large, small or extended family looking for a relaxing holiday in comfort with great pools and patios where you can soak up the sun. These villas offer something for everyone.
Fully equipped kitchen with Fridge/Freezer; Gas hob & Electric oven cooker; Microwave and Washing Machine.
Features and Facilities
The Turkish Mediterranean Coast region
Belek is a developing turist centre in Turkey. In 2012 it became the host of the biggest golf tournament ever to take place in Turkey, the Turkish Airlines World Golf Final.
The Kursunlu Waterfall is a place in Belek where there are over 100 bird species living by this natural wonder. The hidden cave at the back of the waterfall is a popular place for visiting.
Near Belek there is the Hellenistic city of Perge, which is rated second after Ephesus and also the great amphitheater of Aspendos that still today can hold over 15.000 spectators.
Walking around Side, one of the best known classical sites in Turkey is like strolling through an archeological dig. Side is just 1 hour away from the Villa (45km)
Kadriye
In the centre of town the mosque stands alongside statues and a waterfall leading to extensive shopping in the tree lined boulevards. This area is key to Turkey's overall tourism plans having already benefited from substantial investment by the Turkish Tourism Ministry.
With extensive new blue flag beach park facilities, standards of cleanliness are high with shower, toilet and changing facilities and car parking right on the beach.
<< --- Belek Golf --- >>
Looking to book tee times? We do not have an affiliation with anyone at the moment but you can try these independent companies:
golfdelights.com/Green_Fees_Turkey
Distance from Villa to Golf Courses Resorts
Adora Golf Resort Hotel
Uc Kum Tepesi Mevkii, Belek, 07500 Belek, Turkey
4 km
Arcadia Golf Resort Hotel - »
Iskele Mevkii, 7500 Belek, Turkey
2.1 km
Antalya Golf Club - »
TR, Turkey
6.9 km
Calista Luxury Resort - »
Kadriye, Tasliburun, Belek, 07525 Antalya Province, Turkey
1.4 km
Carya Golf Club - »
Kadriye Belediyesi, 07500 Belek-Antalya/Antalya Province, Turkey
3.6 km
Cornelia Golf Club - »
Serik, 07506 Antalya Province, Turkey
1.5 km
Kempinski Hotel The Dome - »
Yeni Mahalle Üç Kum Tepesi Caddesi No:20-2, 07500 Antalya Province, Turkey
3.9 km
Gloria Golf Resort - »
Acisu Mevkii, 07500 Serik-Belek- Antalya, Turkey
5.4 km
LykiaWorld & LinksGolf Antalya - »
Manavgat, 07600 Antalya Province, Turkey
26 km
The Montgomerie Maxx Royal
Ileribasi Mevkii, BelekTurizm Merkezi, 07500 Antalya Province, Turkey
4 km
National Golf Club - »
Serik, 07525 Antalya Province, Turkey
4.7 km
Sueno Hotels Golf Belek - »
Tasliburun Mevkii, 07330 Belek/antalya, Turkey
1.2 km
Tat Golf International - »
Serik, 07525 Antalya Province, Turkey
5.8 km
Zeynep Golf Resort - »
Ta?l?burun Mevkii, 07506 Belek, Serik, Antalya, Turkey
2.8 L.
65% Response rate
Calendar last updated:03 Apr 2015
Based in United KingdomTennessee|Redd Online MarketingDespicable Me Minions
This cake consists of 2 cakes. One is the rectangular red velvet cake with cream cheese buttercream covered in a very pale blue marshmallow fondant. The small (6-inch 2-layer) round chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream is covered in mauve and olive green. This cake depicts two minions (one-eyed and two-eyed) from Despicable Me. The one-eyed minion is protruding from the round cake about to grab the cupcake made of fondant while the two-eyed minion waits below. The idea on the one-eyed minion was inspired by bake-a-boo site, but I added my own personal spin on it by making the minion coming out of the cake and reaching for a cupcake and not a stacked cake. :)
Tags: despicable me cake minion cakes baby shower birthday blue orange pink green yellow cake chocolate vanilla
Josie, SF Bay Area,Located in the heart of downtown Barcelona just off La Rambla, Moog Club is a two-floor nightclub open seven nights a week.
View the venue listing
Calum Macleod, Liam Robertson
The Clouds are two young Scotsmen, Calum Macleod and Liam Robertson, who will give the clubbing fraternity plenty to talk about. With a sound between frenetic banger and techno, these prodigious young ‘uns have won the support of the current heavyweights of electronic music, like 2 Many DJs. They will come to the Moog with their successful EPs, put out with Blood Music and Tiga’s Turbo Recordings.
Sun, 24 May 2015
1060 Attending
Plaza Mayor de El Poble Espanyol
Thu, 18 Jun 2015
1167 Attending
Poble Espanyol Picnic Area
Thu, 18 Jun 2015
110
2150 Attending
Plaza Mayor de El Poble Espanyol
Login or register to post a comment.
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
- operable thyroid neoplasm
Exclusion Criteria:
- a history of previous neck surgeries or uncontrolled medical diseases such as hyperthyroidism, diabetes, and hypertension
- administration of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) or anti-platelet agents1079
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01171079
Locations
Sponsors and Collaborators
Seoul National University Hospital May 20, 2015New Therapeutic Approaches in Lupus
Dr. Murray Urowitz discusses current and potential new therapies for managing lupus.
Since the 1950’s, only one new drug has been approval to treat lupus. Trials of other potential new treatments were unsuccessful when they failed to show statistically meaningful positive results when the responses from the groups that received the investigational drug were compared to the groups that did not. One possible reason for these failures may have been the impact of the background medications that trial participants were taking which may have masked the effects of the investigational drug. Dr. Joan Merrill, Head of the Clinical Pharmacological Research Program at the Oklahoma Medical Research Foundation, and medical director for the Lupus Foundation of America, recently completed a study that may help to improve the design for future lupus clinical trials. Dr. Merrill presented the data during the America College of Rheumatology 2013 Annual Scientific Meeting.
Presenter: Joan T. Merrill, MD
Presentation Date: October 16, 2013
Length: 5:23
Dr. Murray Urowitz discusses current and potential new therapies for managing lupus.
Lupus Foundation of America Medical Director Dr. Joan Merrill provides an overview of lupus and its health effects.Your browser does not support iframes..If I had to distill a strategy for navigating the permanent whitewater experience of the coming months and the foreseeable 2009 time frame, I’d say plan on the “means to an end” way that pirates used their vessels. You see, they.
Throw away all the excuses. Here’s where we tie in the pirate ships. Pirates didn’t give a rat’s ass what their ship looked like, or even whether it was their ship in the first place. They took whatever floated and could carry cannons and men, and they lobbed themselves at targets. It was messy. It was ugly. It was warfare, but they weren’t ones to fret or struggle with their infrastructure. What defined a pirate ship? That the pirates were aboard it. That’s about it.
Can an enterprise do that? Can they lob themselves at targets without worrying about their infrastructure? Not sure. Look at all the burning debris in the “water” of the last few months’ financial turmoil. Big companies are in the wreckage..- Gearbox Software
- Scene from Borderlands 2.
.” [See Adam Najberg's review here]
To the casual observer, the overwhelming ferocity of every last thing in the game’s open world reaffirms why videogames are considered peculiar by some in the first place. Borderlands revels in its total disregard for realism or the degree and proportion of violence now deemed appropriate by gamers and developers alike.
The irony here is that standards for videogames—or at least the type of ultra-violent, hypermasculine fantasies from which Borderlands and its distant brethren evolved, used to be the exact opposite. At a certain point in their history, all first person shooters looked like this. Or at least they celebrated using big guns to kill even bigger monsters, and “badass” was the word of the day.
Part of Borderlands 2’s charm comes from the obvious homage it pays to an old tradition (fans can argue about how closely or distantly it is related to this video game heritage, more on this later). First-person shooters have been developed as far back as 1974, which makes them ancient in video game years. But the genre didn’t truly cohere into a unified form until id Software released Wolfenstein 3D in 1992. The game had Nazi iconography (including several Swastika-shaped level maps) and some World War II-era guns, but any other homage to historical realism was abandoned for the spectacle of fantasy.
Wolfenstein 3D wasn’t really a game about reliving the experience or mythology of WWII; rather, it was an excuse for the programming geniuses who founded id Software to play with all the new toys they discovered within their computer hardware..”
The standard-bearers of the genre that followed were games like Doom, Quake and Unreal. The names alone should give an idea of what was contained within. id Software’s games were less self-contained story worlds than overlapping visions of outlandish violence. Zombies tore off chunks of their own bodies and tossed them at you with a grunt. Huge furry white beasts coated in blood and shooting lighting from their claw tips roared and tossed you back and forth like a hackey-sack. They were called “Shamblers,” probably just because they were so large they moved more slowly than anything else on the screen.
In a famous example of the studio’s design mentality captured in David Kushner’s book “Masters of Doom,” the core id team came up with the story for Quake because they were underfunded, years behind schedule, and close to a breaking point. Problem was, nothing in the game’s illogical mixture of high-tech cyberpunk levels meshed with arcane, medieval-style levels the other half of the team decided to make. So they penned a quick introduction included in the game’s box explaining that there were hellish “Slipgate” devices that were transporting demonic creatures between different dimensions. You, as the player, had to travel through these Slipgates and kill the enemy before he could “unleash his real army, whatever that is.”
And, of course, there were the guns themselves, the most iconic being the original Doom’s gargantuan totem of gun fetishism the BFG 9000, otherwise known as the Big F—ing Gun. Even the gun’s name seemed to ooze with badassery.
Playing through Borderlands 2 and earning so many “badass points” to collect an infinite number of larger and more ridiculous guns, I can’t help but see it as a eulogy to a lost form. I played the game as a short, brawny character known as Salvador. He’s thick, meaty, and roars constantly about his love of guns with all the charm and wit of a WWE champion.
The game calls him a “gunzerker.” Almost twenty years ago, the name for this character was simply “Marine.” But really, he didn’t have a name at all—he was just the silent and impassive voice that grunted in pain and excitement behind the reticle of whatever weapon you were toting.
What changed? At the same time as Epic MegaGames (now known as Epic Games) began releasing their own brand of overblown shooters to rival those of id, a new round of first-person shooters like Half Life, Rainbow Six, and Medal of Honor began to crop up. Rather than handing players chainsaws and big f—ing guns to hack away at monstrously oversized bad guys, these games emphasized their relatively human proportions. Weapons were, mostly, guns that existed in the real world. When they weren’t, they seemed like things that real people could at least carry. Damage was mapped across different parts of the enemy’s body so the player could strategically eliminate the opponent with a single headshot, rather than pumping endless rounds into piles of roaring beasts.
To counter the brawny marine and the would-be gunzerker, there was now Gordon Freeman, the timid and bespeckled scientist who walks into his lab one day in Valve’s Half-Life and ends up fighting aliens and paramilitary soldiers. Never mind the fact that a theoretical physicist picking up a shotgun and hammering away at other-worldly forces is just as ridiculous as a nameless marine strapping on a nail-gun (think a machine gun, but it shoots nine-inch nails. And yes, that’s a reference to the band), something about the game just felt more grounded in reality than Doom or Quake ever did.
It’s not hard to see which one of these standards won over the industry in the long run. The massive success of every new Call of Duty shows that more people enjoy military simulations—or at least their idealized image of military simulations—to the abject fantasies of yore. New games like Spec Ops: The Line pay homage to cerebral, gritty anti-war films like Apocalypse Now and Platoon and wear these inspirations on their sleeves. If anything, the concern now is that video games are trying to be too much like real life rather than indulgent fantasy, as the uproar over Medal of Honor’s real-world weapon advertisements shows.
So where does a game like Borderlands 2 fit into this new landscape? The games that formed the entire modern first person shooter (and arguably the entire AAA game industry itself) have been eclipsed. Now they have their own name, “manshooters,” a moniker as ridiculous as it sounds. Even Cliff Bleszinski, the man who created Gears of War, said that he wants his next game to have fewer “dudebros” in it. The next Gears game may not even include signature he-man Marcus Fenix. And it’s being written by Tom Bissell, the celebrated game critic who has devoted much of his recent career to advocating for more thoughtful and persuasive shooters.
id Software released its latest game, and the studio’s first effort to create a unique franchise since 1996, late last year with Rage. It was met with mixed reactions to a story whose nonsense suddenly fell flat, and sold a fraction of the percentage of Call of Duty’s installment that year. As if to signify the swansong of the manshooter, the game’s final sequence has you pick up the BFG 9000 one last time to tear into hordes of zombie-like enemies. Borderlands 2′s own controversy with the “girlfriend mode” feature that was reported a few months before the game’s release is another sign of of the waning manshooter.
But maybe the beauty of Borderlands 2 is that, really, the game is so self-aware it owns up to its own shortcomings. Gearbox Software, the game’s developer, hired a 24-year-old who openly identifies as the “least experienced person in gaming” to “double down” on the humor of the original. And that’s the point: people realize that to survive, manshooters can’t be taken seriously anymore.
But, really, Borderlands isn’t a manshooter at all, or even necessarily a shooter by purist’s standards. Wired’s Chris Cohler called the game a “gateway drug to nerdy addictions,” meaning role-playing games (RPGs). And that’s the ultimate irony: to make a game so overflowing with sheer camp value and dark humor, Gearbox turned it into an RPG. While gamers may fixate on the epic scale of wanton destruction in the game, there’s an equal amount of time dedicated to rummaging through boxes and scrounging for extra experience points as so many gamers do in World or Warcraft or Diablo III. The point of leveling up is to become even more badass, sure. In many ways, Borderlands 2 has a lot more in common with a game like Skyrim or Deus Ex: Human Revolution than it ever will with Call of Duty.
But Skyrim and Deus Ex are far too cerebral to be considered “manshooters.” To reconcile the discrepancy between its androcentric cultural aesthetic as a manshooter and its “nerdy” internal mechanisms as an RPG, Borderlands 2 bridges the gap the same way it does everything: in the loudest, most blatant way possible. Whenever you shoot an enemy, numbers pop out of their bleeding carcass instead of fluid and organs. It stops just short of having the Gunzerker get down on all fours and eat the same numbers with his bare hands to become stronger.
Is this a sign of manshooter’s inevitable decline, or the maturation of an industry and art form that’s finally learned to embrace irony? “In some ways we know that we’re reaching a level of sophistication with games because we are able to play them ironically,” Ian Bogost, a Professor of Interactive Computing and Distinguished Chair at the Georgia Institute of Technology, tells me in a phone interview.
Most importantly, Bogost explains, this is nothing new to video games themselves. “I mean, we’ve been through this kind of post-modern, self-referential experiment with different art forms many decades ago—with writing, with film, with art. When you see creators and viewers able to rise above the experience to understand the form to then comment upon it, then you realize that that requires a kind of literacy.”
Of course the Call of Duty-type games will always leave a bigger dent in our cultural conscious than the newer, RPG-friendly shooters. But the very fact that these games exist implies that “the form has pervaded our culture to the degree that we’re able to work with it at that meta-discursive level,” Bogost argues.
“Maybe it suggests we’re starting to get the hang of what it means to live with games in our lives,” he concludes. Not necessarily that we’ve gotten to the bottom of them, but we’ve internalized them to the point where we’re able to make games about them.”
So is Borderlands 2 really a sign of the expanding vibrancy of video games, or a recognition of their innate stupidity, their comical excesses?
The greatest irony, of course, is that Borderlands 2 itself wouldn’t ask this question. If it could somehow find a way to, it would probably just shoot it in the face instead.
Read more about video games on Kill Screen.
For the latest entertainment news Follow @WSJSpeakeasyKIRKUS REVIEW
The frankly amazing story of the black D.W. Griffith.
Biographer McGilligan (Alfred Hitchcock: A Life in Darkness, 2003, etc.) gives a fascinating account of the eventful life of Oscar Micheaux, the first significant African-American filmmaker, a Promethean figure whose current relative obscurity is nothing short of baffling. Micheaux, the child of former slaves, exhibited unusual ambition and determination from a young age, leaving his home of Great Bend, Kan., while still a teenager to work as a Pullman porter. A handsome, intelligent, well-read young man (he inherited a reverence for education and the tenets of Booker T. Washington from his mother), Micheaux moved easily across the racial divide, striking up friendships with white passengers and engaging them in long conversations about the world beyond his own experience. Micheaux appreciated the relatively good money, travel and prestige afforded by his job with Pullman, but was sickened by the required servility and the graft that was endemic in the profession. He made the astonishing decision to go west and join the ranks of thousands of hopeful homesteaders—overwhelmingly white—and establish a farming concern in South Dakota. He succeeded in this venture, and in winning over his curious white neighbors. These experiences provided grist for his many novels and groundbreaking films, unprecedented in their translation of the American black experience to the screen. How did a self-made black farmer come to publish novels and direct movies in 1919? For the ever-industrious Micheaux, the answer was simple: Create your own publishing and film-production companies. The filmmaker comes vividly to life in McGilligan’s narrative, as the author quotes copiously from Micheaux’s letters and autobiographical works, revealing the optimism, erudition, insight and flashes of self-deprecating wit behind his mind-boggling accomplishments and dizzyingly complicated personal life.
Essential for anyone interested in racial issues and the history of American filmmaking; a well researched, passionately felt and endlessly fascinating look at a singular American life.Username
Forgot your password?
]." -- Paolo Berlusconi, the vice president of AC Milan and brother of club president Silvio Berlusconi, uses a racial slur at a political rally for right-wing coalition party People of Freedom before the attendees went to watch AC Milan play Udinese. The racist comment was caught on camera. … Last month, AC Milan players left the field during a friendly game ...MoreSunday, May 20, 2012
Its 4:30 in the morning, and I'm having a sever bout of insomnia. Last time this happened, I walked up to my gym, but frankly it was scary and I don't want to do that again. Anyway, since I can't sleep I'm writing my first blog in 2 years. It's ... Read more
Friday, March 12, 2010
Well today we get no bento, mostly because a cowker and I decided to go out for lunch. Scary... It could have been but we decided early on in the day where we wanted to go. But I'm jumping ahead if myself.
I'm quite proud of myself as it's... Read more
Wednesday, March 10, 2010
Well even though I wasnt posting I did create a few bentos and I'll share them with you.
First up is hotdog "fishies" with roasted veggies:
This is 1 hotdog cut in half th... Read more
Monday, March 08, 2010
Well I thought I would drop a line and let everyone know where I am and why I'm quiet as of late. If you saw my previous post you would have read the blog of a depressed, frustrated girl on the edge of failure, for no other reason than a small i... Read more
Thursday, February 25, 2010
I'm reaching out now, I'm sitting in my room, after a marathon food binge. I've injured my back, and hough it's slot getting better my head is not. I'm bored, depressed and living not for anything other than the day to day of surviving. I want t... Read more
Saturday, February 20, 2010
Today is another my back hurts I just dont feel like cooking days, so I made a trip through McDonalds. It's tough to pass up the delicious treats of McDonalds, like my favorit... Read more
Friday, February 19, 2010
I had time this morning and really had a taste for something different, and I'm sure those of you who read my blog on a regular basis are tired of the same old rice veggie mea... Read more
Thursday, February 18, 2010
Last night my mother made meatball subs, which screamed delicious with ooey gooey melted mozzerella and crusty seeded sandwich buns. Unfortunatly I had already spent all... Read more
Wednesday, February 17, 2010
Well I've been having back problems lately, and when I woke up this morning I was acutely aware that standing over stove was not going to happen. My back hurts so badly that I... Read more
Tuesday, February 16, 2010
Cobaltspider invited me over today to make a belated valentines day bento. But since I had already made a v-day bento I decided to make something special. It's snowing like th... Read more
Monday, February 15, 2010
Last night was a pretty common dinner I'm sure mostly everyone has at least once or more in the month. Italian dressing marinated broiled chicken with a large salad. Well I wa... Read more
Sunday, February 14, 2010
Friday, February 12, 2010
(sorry no pic, I ate before I realized the pic I thought I took didn't work)
Today was the big company potluck (well this Friday and next Friday) and I knew I would be tempted. I made one of my non diet favorites. Full tilt 3 day slow cook... Read more
Thursday, February 11, 2010
Last night I closed the store, so I didn't get home until almost 10pm, and this morning I had to be at work at 6:30am, so needless to say I was short on time. We had more left... Read more
Wednesday, February 10, 2010
Well I woke up late this morning, but decided to do a bit of cooking. I scrambled me some fake eggs and toasted me some Italian bread, ate and started grabbing veggies from the... Read moreGot a minute?
Got a minute?
As the leader of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston’s Information Security department the Director of Information Security is responsible for coordinating and... - Indeed
The Director of Information Security is responsible for the leadership, governance and strategic direction for the information security program.... - Indeed
The Director, Information Security will also create, organize, manage, and lead a team of security professionals.... - Indeed
The Global Director of Information Security leads the Information and Cyber security strategy for Brown-Forman.... - Indeed
Information Security Director - new Security Program If you are an Information Security Director, please read on!... - Indeed
The Sr Information Security Director leads the Information Security Governance, Risk and Compliance team for Money.... - Indeed
Quality Director - Digital Security Software Leader!!! If you are a Quality Director with experience, please read on!... - Indeed
Demonstrates expertise with performing IT Risk & Security assessments, developing information security strategies, and recommending security solutions to assist... - Indeed
Managing Director will lead the Security Framework and Governance function\. Located within the Information Security Risk Management Team, the Framework &... - Indeed
Director of Network Security Tuning and Enrichment. Represent Visa in information security and cyber security communities globally.... - Indeed
Thanks! We'll send you a welcome newsletter as soon as we can.
In the meantime, check out our research center.
Looks like your email already exists in our database.
Please log in here.
You are already logged in.AP Photo/Tony Dejak
Robinson Cano looks to become the first player in the modern era with three extra-base hits in three straight games.
The New York Yankees look to get over .500 for the first time this season when they visit the Cleveland Indians on Wednesday Night Baseball (7 ET, ESPN2).
After not topping four runs in any of their first five games, the Yankees have scored 32 runs in their past three games, including double-digit outputs in each of the first two games of the series.
Cano leads the charge
Robinson Cano is 7-for-10 in the series after going 6-for-63 in his previous 15 games dating to the start of last year’s postseason.
Robinson Cano This Season
Cano is the first major league player with at least three extra-base hits in consecutive games since 2005 –- also by Cano. The only other Yankee to accomplish the feat was Lou Gehrig in 1936.
If he can get three extra-base hits Wednesday, the Elias Sports Bureau confirms that he would be the first player in baseball’s modern era (since 1900) with three extra-base hits in three straight games.
Bronx Bombers
Coming into the season, one of the big questions for the Yankees was where the power would come from. Nine of their top 10 home run hitters from 2012 are either on the disabled list or no longer with the team.
That hasn’t stopped this year’s squad, which is tied for the major league lead with 15 home runs, including eight in the first two games of the series.
Newcomers Kevin Youkilis, Vernon Wells and Travis Hafner have each hit two home runs and hit at least .333 in the first eight games.
Last season the Yankees led MLB with 48.4 percent of their runs scoring on home runs. This year’s pace is slightly higher -- 49.0 percent -- but is only sixth in the majors so far.
Cleveland’s free-agency plunge
After spending $117 million in free agency this offseason, the Indians are off to a disappointing 3-5 start and are in last place in the AL Central.
Indians Free-Agency Commitments
Past 4 Offseasons
Cleveland’s free-agent commitment was the third highest in the majors, trailing only the Los Angeles Dodgers and Los Angeles Angels, who combined to spend $335 million in the offseason.
The team’s spending was not only high relative to league standards, but unprecedented for Cleveland. In the previous three offseasons, the Indians combined to spend just more than $12 million on free agents.
Indians pitching struggles
The Indians have yet to name a starter for Wednesday’s game after projected starter Brett Myers pitched in relief Tuesday. But the entire staff has had trouble throwing strikes so far this season.
Cleveland pitchers have thrown strikes on only 60 percent of their pitches and walked 11 percent of the batters they’ve faced. Both numbers are worst in the majors.
The Yankees' home run onslaught is also likely to continue Wednesday. The Indians allow 2.0 home runs per nine innings, the highest rate in the majors.Moby-The Right Thing (Cosmonauts Unreleased Dub)
Cosmonauts did a great remix for Moby’s latest single “The Right Way” (check it out here), and now the guys are giving away the unreleased dub of their remix for your downloading pleasure. That’s the way we like it.
TAGS: Cosmonauts, Moby, Mp3, RemixOk im participating in @vinmccarthy s give away. in my opinion the best fight ive seen has got to be netero vs meruem. a condition to make meruem fight at full strength is that if he wins netero will tell him his true name. ( he doesnt know what his name is). this battle is humanity vs almost total destruction.
Netero (chairmen of the hunter society) is insanely powerfull. he train pretty much his whole life.
meruem (the ant king) was born with imense power from his mother eating powerfull hunters giveing him more and more power. also if he eats other insanely powerfull people he gains more strenght which is just fucking awesome
To start off the battle neter summons 100 type guanyin bodisattva which is fucking awesome. he keeps meruem at bay for a while but then slips up and loses both his arm and leg but nooo that doesnt stop netero!!
loseing his arm and leg netero knows he cannot go on fighting. thus he tells the ant king his name which is meruem. but but but netero still has one trick left.
netero peices his own heart to kill himself in order to activate what is called miniature rose bomb. a devastateing bomb that wipes out almost everything. and what it doesnt kill via the explosion it fineshes off with a toxic poison. meruem does not die from the explosion and is nused back to health by his royal gaurds. but he cannot escape death because he has been infected with the poison of the bomb. so in reality its a draw. both fighters die. and i have to tell you the way meruem goes out is so fucking sad i multiple man tears. if you wana fond out the way he goes out i suggest watching the series its one of my all time favorites.Advertisement
QD3L line of fluid couplings has M8 threads, 99/16-in. hexagonal OD, and 0.180-in. flow orifice. Made of 303 stainless steel with pressure rating of 250 psi and Viton or EPDM seals. Double shutoff design minimizes space between the internal and external ends when connected to essentially eliminate any leakage when disconnecting.
Beswick Engineering, (603) 433-1188,.
It truly changed my life: in my free time, I read Latin and pored over Scholastic philosophy, learned calligraphy and for awhile, affected a large cowl-necked shapeless tunic over my parachute pants that I accessorized with torn bits of knitware and brocade to achieve a look I thought of as being Dark Ages. You know, like Sting in the Synchronicity videos: witchy, Anglo-Saxon, devout Catholic, and skeptically Modern all at once. Postmodern, in fact.
Eco's message (and Robert Anton Wilson, like him) was soundly against fanaticism: the initial question was "Did Christ laugh?" -- the answer was a resounding "Yes!" The Truth, as he saw it, isn't on the side of those who preach gloom and doom, or who take themselves entirely seriously, it's on the side of those who aren't afraid to relax, allow for other interpretations and lighten up a bit. Although some unwary readers took "Rose" to be a chronicle of true facts, most of the initial readership was content to simply read it for entertainment: from the start, Eco made it clear that even though he had researched the era thoroughly and had accurately quoted many rare texts, there's as much sense in searching for the Aedificum or for further works of Adso of Melk as there is to search for the Land of Oz or an accurate copy of the Necronomicon. On the other hand, it's interesting to hear the discussions of late-Medieval schisms and heresies (it's not often pointed out that the Catholic Church wasn't always a totalitarian juggernaut, but has been plagued with skeptics from without and dissention from within almost continuously throughout history) that form the core of the "real history" part of the book. The puzzles were challenging, fair, and just beyond the reach of a casual reader, inasmuch as you tend to be at the same level of incomprehension as the characters are, at any given minute. Lastly, it's an interesting book, full of figures that can be interpreted as cartoons, intellectual embodiments AND as "characters" in a conventional novel, set in motion with multiple plotlines -- if you found the philosophical discussions tedious, you could always just slow down and enjoy the (meticulously detailed) pretty scenery.
The Da Vinci Code has been trumpeted as "Eco on steroids", but its cultural lineage owes more to Daniel Quinn: a conglomeration of popular intellectual progressive myths, given substance by an array of facts, factoids, and pure fabrication, wrapped in some heavy-duty preaching, and given form as a not-terribly-good adventure novel. "Code" is full of the heavy-duty propagandizing that would have given Brother William fits, if he wasn't laughing behind his cowl: while "Rose" politely asks people to question and to recognize the truth that lies in dialog, Code cuts off all dialog whatsoever by acting like a 14-year-old kid who's just read Bertrand Russell and can't wait to tell their Confirmation class they've decided to become an atheist.
...which point our Noder looks sheepishly guilty...
Since flat-out atheism is out of fashion, he subs a bit of the more fanatical anti-Christian strands of Sacred Feminine mythos and claims that Goddess worship (with sacred eroticism its central rite) dominated all pre-Christian cultures. Jesus Christ was not the humble-yet-divine figure that we see in Sunday School class, but a wealthy priest of royal blood whose marriage to Mary Magdaleine amounted to a consolidation of power in the House of David. Mary M's closeness with Jesus led to dissention within the flock, however, and, in the years following the Crucifixion, the anti-Mary faction won, to the extent that she became vilified as a common whore, and Goddess worship became something of a sore point, which became officially whitewashed over 300 years later when the Council of Nicea, convened by the Sun-worshipping Constantine, expunged the more than eighty gospels in favor of a mere four, all anti-Mary and Goddess free and, contrary to previous popular opinions, declared Christ divine. Meanwhile, Mary M. and her unborn child had fled to Marseilles, where her descendants became the Merovingian dynasty, rulers of parts of France from the fifth to the eighth centuries. Since then, the truth of holy bloodline of Jesus Christ has been safeguarded by a) the Knights Templar, b) witches, midwives, and other "wise women" , and c) the Priory of Sion, a shadowy confraternity whose Grand Masters have included Sandro Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and of course, Our Boy Lennie. Since, if the truth were ever let out, Christianity would be doomed, all these worthies have been the subject of everything from organized smear campaigns to outright murder at the behest of the Catholic Church, leading to the truth being whispered but never spoken outright -- until now, of course. Since, as any Goddess-lovin' New Ager can tell you, it's our neglect of good old Mom that's gotten us into (name modern mess here), this information is not only mind-blowing but essential, if we're going to continue on this planet Earth. All of this should be familiar to anyone who's hung around Neo-Pagan, occult, conspiracy, or simply pop Biblical skepticism, although probably not all in one place at once time.
But "Code" goes beyond all this, say supporters, it has facts, it has truth! Well, it has some facts: Paris is in France, Rome is in Italy, Leonardo painted the Last Supper, and wrote his notebooks in what was considered for centuries to be an unbreakable cipher. The Priory of Sion exists, as does Opus Dei, the Knights Templar, at one time did also. On these points, it's fairly accurate. On others, it forces interpretation: an equal-armed cross, like a plus sign, could mean anything from "first aid" to an ancient Sun symbol, to the country of Switzerland, the figure to the left of Jesus in the Last Supper does, in certain lights, look womanly, but otherwise looks like other Leonardo sketches of the apostle John, who is, in traditional iconography, supposed to look like an effeminate young boy. The V symbol can mean Victory, Five, Blessing, the Devil, a bird in flight, or Peace, depending on your era and circumstances. The number five might mean the goddess Aphrodite, but it could also mean the Five Wounds of Christ, the five senses, or a human hand. In "Code" these have but one interpretation, which is of course, to support the myth outlined above. And then there are long fabrications, and (how shall I say it?) blatant bull-throwing, at times laid on so thickly that trying to explain the difference, according to one reviewer, is like hitting a swarm of gnats with a pile driver.
Take, for instance the Madonna of the Rocks: this six-and-a-half-foot painting on wood (which Brown says was five feet long, painted on canvas, and is so light a character whips it off the wall as an ad hoc shield) was produced for a popular religious fraternity, and had to be painted twice because the original version was snapped up by a collector before the guys could raise enough money to pay for it (and Our Lenny needed the money). There was also considerable talk about its content: the contract was that the painting was to show clearly God the Father on the top, and some prophets on the sides, and these weren't shown, leading to a lawsuit, in which the finding was clearly in favor of the artist's right to artistic licence, which was pretty common in pre-Savaronola Florence. Further, it was charged that it looked confusing: the incident shown has no Bibical precident, Mary is holding John, not Jesus, there's no way to tell which baby is which, and the landscape in back of them foreshadows doom and destruction, not the Baptism of Christ. Version 2, more mellow, less busy and with little halos and appropriate symbols around the principals, found better favor with the frat (the other parts were done by someone else on separate pieces of wood, and stuck in the frame around the central painting). Brown's version has the painting done for a convent of nuns who are so shocked by John the Baptist blessing Jesus that the wealthy "flamboyant homosexual prankster" (with "hundreds of lucrative commissions from the Vatican") da Vinci has painted that he has to do it all over again. That rascal! I see a blonde, curly-haired old fop unveiling a large canvas, giggling, and obviously pleased with himself, while a whole convent stands slack-jawed in horror, while a stern Mother Superior stands, ruler at the ready, about to kick the old pansy out the door. (As if nuns did anything else...) Brown goes on to downplay Leonardo's impressive technical skills to say that all of Leonardo's paintings are simply chock-full of playful visual puns, hidden meanings and double-entendres, according to "art historians" and "the experts", and this "fact" is written in "most" art history textbooks.
Which textbooks, I don't know: Janson's History of Art doesn't say a word about codes in Leonardo's paintings, neither was this pointed out in the Time/Life volume devoted only to him, nor is there anything in the Pelican survey of the High Renaissance. His notebooks, on the other hand, were held for a time to be absolutely unreadable, and probably in a kind of cipher, until it was shown that they had simply been written backwards, with a lot of common-at-the-time, but now unused, abbreviations, and this has been pointed out, now and then. (And no, there aren't any Hymns to the Goddess, maps of Scotland, or Priory minutes recorded there.) What seems to be Brown's method here is to use the common notion that all paintings considered "art", if they aren't to be thought of as simply money on the walls for someone, are probably a) symbolic, in a way that most people can't understand, b) "deep", which lets most people off the hook on trying to understand it (since most people don't want to be though of as being "deep" themselves) and/or c) some kind of inside joke or protest or con on the part of the artist. He then puts this together with the very real Leonardo cypher, and hey, presto! he can claim anything he wants to: that Mona Lisa's subject is unknown (she's actually Mrs. Francesco del Giocondo), and her name is actually an Italian anagram for two Egyptian solar deities (clearly an anachronism, since the Egyptian pantheon was only rediscovered to scholars several centuries later), or that the absence of the chalice in The Last Supper refers to the presence of the "real" Holy Grail in Mary Magdeleine (the subject of the Last Supper is Christ's prophecy of betrayal, not the blessing of the bread and wine). Leonardo was a spiritually troubled man, a quiet loner whose only known affair was with a (male) apprentice, and whose life was mostly spent (like most artists of the day) living on little money of his own, currying favor with the likes of the Medicis and Sforzas, not the Vatican: while this state of affairs might have led him to mutter under his breath, Leonardo's dry wit (preserved in his notebooks) manifests itself mostly in the form of "prophecies", a kind of Renaissance joke/riddle where ordinary occurances are described in fulsome, misleading language to sound like momentous events in the future. This doesn't sound anything like the kind of fellow who'd join or run a pagan cult or use his prodigious talents with a brush for several years simply to give some nuns a hotfoot. And that's only the artistic side of the story....I haven't even touched on the fact that Mariolatry isn't ever mentioned, nor Protestantism, or, for that matter, Islam....
But it's a novel! Don't take it seriously! some might say. Isn't it just the most wonderful detective story, ever? Forget about how inaccurate it is, it might as well be on another planet! Did you like it as a book?
We-ellll........(spoiler alert here).....
Most people tend to like this book in direct proportion to their interest in conspiracy theories, proving their Catechism teacher wrong, and in the more elementary disciplines of the occult and in inverse proportion to their appreciation of literature, popular or otherwise. Otherwise it's a fairly pedestrian thriller in the form of a 24-hour nonstop chase scene with a little glamorous eye candy and a few puzzles thrown in. In it, the handsome, virile, Robert Langdon, symbologist extraordinaire, is implicated in the murder of the Louvre's top curator, who is found dead in the Louvre in a pose reminiscent of Leonardo's Vitruvian Man (otherwise known as spread-eagled) and leaving a note containing a Fibonacci sequence, two cryptic lines and one more to the point, written in invisible ink. Auburn-haired hotshot cryptographer Sophie Neveu, granddaughter of the deceased, is also called in, and chase is on to clear Langdon's name, one step ahead of French officials and Opus Dei, considered here as a hit squad for the Vatican (instead of the usual suspects, the Jesuits). Although there's lots of talk about how the meany old Church squelched ancient fertility rites (which here don't seem to be connected with, uh, babies), the Prof is "quite shy" and Sophie is sexually squeamish, a state of affairs that allows the pair to ramble on with the kind of banter and pregnant pauses that you find, mostly, in romance novels. What sexy detail there is, is lavished on descriptions of an albino Opus Dei hit man's auto-flagellation -- the actual sex turns out to be a tease. The action/adventure parts don't do well, either, being interrupted at every turn, by mini-lectures, flashbacks, and long-winded asides, and outside the two principals and the turncoat, the characters are one-dimensional and boring as hell.
What it's best at doing, to return to the Daniel Quinn comparison, is flattering the reader, which Brown does by dumbing down anything that looks like a difficult word or concept into mush, while simultaneously hinting that you're awfully clever to have gotten this far.
For a first example, take his coinage "symbologist", Robert Langdon's academic specialty. An academic that studies symbols is a semiotician, studying semiotics -- Umberto Eco is one -- the word comes from the Greek, σεμιον meaning "sign". It's a difficult discipline that goes far beyond merely interpreting symbols to understanding how symbols are defined and change their meaning over time, and is nowadays usually a part of the linguistics or interdisciplinary studies department, though formerly it was considered a part of logic. But "linguistics professor", "logician", or "semiotician" would require the reader to have to remember a new and difficult word, and so he created the "Department of Symbology" at Harvard, whose sole exponent seems to be our dashing Long Don, and whose method seems only to amount to pointing to any arbitrary symbol -- a circle, a V-shape, two crossed lines -- and interpreting it as some kind of Goddess worship. (This might be interpreted as a satire of postmodern academia, but I doubt it. Nice work if you can get it, however.) If Brown can't paraphrase, he repeats himself: if he has to introduce a new term, say, "crux gemmata", you'll find it explained on page n, on page n+1, and again, somewhat later, as someone strokes their jewelled cross, saying "Yes. This is a Crux Gemmata, you see.." How clever you are, Brown seems to be saying, to be able to have seen that!
And then, there are those fiendishly difficult codes and ciphers that have kept all those explosive secrets all these years, and are still used by the intellectual elite of the Priory to communicate. Most of them are simple enough for a moderately well-versed geek to break in a couple of minutes, if not instantly, and none require the knowledge of any language other than English (which seems strange for a caper that includes Roman and Crusader Palastine, Renaissance Italy and Medieval and present-day France). Having to deal with them frustrated me like a too-easy round of Carmen Sandiego -- you know the answer already, but you have to keep clicking to advance the story line -- as characters dithered around trying to solve, say, a text displayed in mirror image. Gee, I must really be smart, if I can solve puzzles that have stumped such intelligent people! is what I'm supposed to think, but all I feel is let down, and indeed, a bit insulted -- sort of like signing up for an "Archeological Dig Adventure" vacation in Egypt, and finding myself in a LARP with my picture PhotoShopped into a portrait of Cleopatra as a McGuffin. Don't bother, I say, I already know I'm a goddess, the real question is, what happens next after that?
Unfortunately, Brown lacks the courage to go as far as R. A. Wilson and Robert Heinlein in the gnosis department -- apparently, he figured popular belief would only stretch so far. Instead, at novel's end, we find Robert Langdon cozily at the literal feet of Sophie, whom we're told is the last surviving heir to the Sang Real, having experienced an (equally predictable) religious epiphany of his own (“the quest for the holy grail is the quest to kneel before the bones of Mary Magdalene. A journey to pray at the feet of the outcast one.”) and a sequel (about the CIA) already in the works, with teasers listed on "Robert Langdon's" web site. Which leads me to the book's ultimate disappointment -- Brown doesn't seem to believe what he's writing himself. Asked if he were a Christian, he waffled, and said that his faith, like everybody's, was "evolving." In asking us to disbelieve in the divinity of Christ, and his doctrine whereby "the last shall be first", he ultimately leaves his Goddess worship without a leg to stand on: with Jesus reduced to the status of failed politician, the whole New Testament, with all its wonder and promise, is reduced to another version of Anthony and Cleopatra, neither one of whom, despite having reached divine status during their lives, have anyone wanting to worship them nowadays. In denying the divinity of Jesus Christ, I submit, he denies the possibility of our own. And that, neither my occult, nor my Christian, nor even my postmodern sides are willing to accept.to write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comSo our amazing friend, Katherine, took these beautiful pictures of Lucy. . . it's going to be hard to choose which to use for a birth announcement! She really has a good eye and gave us plenty to choose from. Check out her blog to see more of us and all the other beautiful photography she does!
Lucy is still so little, she doesn't fit any of the 0-3 month clothing and have you noticed they just don't make dresses in newborn or preemie sizes? So I made this little dress for her to wear for her big photo shoot. I made it entirely from one Michael Miller fat quarter, that's how small it is!For every day in 2013 San Francisco based artist. And they have the most brilliant names like Octopus Kisses, Moshing At A Pearl Jam Concert, and Jellyfish With A Brooch. We can’t wait to check in on the project to see the progression through the year . . . 86 days and counting!
(via This Is Colossal)
Wow looks totally stunning. I haven´t seen something like that before. Thanks for sharing <3
xx
glamdevils
These are so trippy! They look EXACTLY like micro-organisms in a petri dish – bang on there.
What a fantastic idea! So beautiful–
How amazing. They’re so weird and beauiful. Wow.
Wow these are amazing. I’m obsessed with the colors, what an awesome idea for an art collection/project. Can;t wait to see what all 365 of them look like. Thanks for sharing.
xo Quinn
Quinn Cooper Style
wooaauuu this is so original!!!! I love it!!!
I need to get these!!! Loveeeeeee them!
xxx
Naomi
This is pretty cool! At first I thought these were done using bacteria cultures. Now THAT would be ridiculous.
Who knew bacteria could be so lovely
xx
This is super cool!
Makes me wanna hang them up on my wall.
What an amazing idea! Great inspiration for all of us to be creative everyday!
This is so cool but at the same time i’m super glad that they are not real microorganisms!
THIS LOOKS INCREDIBILE!
Wow, this looks really cool… I wonder, how they would look on the table, do this looks good only in pictures or could be really used.Available choices
uberX
uberX
UberBLACK
Black Car
Base fare
₹ 40
₹ 1 per minute
₹ 8 Per kilometer
Min fare
₹ 75
Cancellation fee
₹ 75
Sample Vehicles: Toyota Etios Maruti Swift Dzire Mahindra Verito
Base fare
₹ 60
₹ 2 per minute
₹ 13 Per kilometer
Min fare
₹ 120
Cancellation fee
₹ 120
Sample Vehicles: Nissan Sunny Toyota Corolla Altis Mercedes-Benz E-Class
DRIVING OPPORTUNITIES
Earn money on your own terms. Full-time and part-time driving jobs for independent contractors in Bangalore give you the flexibility to work as much or as little as you want. Uber takes care of all the details so you can focus on driving your car when it works for you.
CITY IMPACT
We're passionate about making your city better. That's why we partner with thousands of locals who keep Bangalore teamWork for Uber
The Fine Print
.In honor of Sexual Assault Awareness Month this April, Guess is partnering up with Los Angeles non-profit organization Peace Over Violence for Denim Day. Denim Day will be observed on April 23rd across the nation as people wear jeans to raise awareness about sexual violence and support those who have been victims of sexual assault. To support this effort Guess Inc. and the Guess Foundation have made a donation of $100,000 to benefit Peace Over Violence in its mission to end sexual violence. The Denim Day movement was created after an Italian Supreme Court case sparked international outrage when judges did not convict a rapist due to the fact that the victim wore tight-fitting jeans thus "implying consent."
Over 1 million supporters have already pledged to be a part of Denim Day this April 23rd, show your denim and join the movement at guess.com/denimday.Rasmuson Fisheries Expansion
Bachelor of Arts in Fisheries
Fisheries undergrduate student Jessica Johnson holds a salmon while working on a project in western Alaska during the summer. Photo courtesy of Jessica Johnson.
The objective of the Bachelor of Arts in Fisheries degree program is to provide students with the knowledge base, skill sets, and hands-on experience to be highly competitive in obtaining positions within the fishing and seafood processing industries in Alaska.
This degree program consists of 126 credits, and can be completed at either the Fairbanks or Juneau campuses at UAF.. In addition, this degree program will also prepare students for graduate school in these areas.
Alaska Native Organizations will hire students with this degree in the same capacity, as well as from the standpoint of rural community development.
Fishing organizations will hire students in the aforementioned areas, as well as in fisheries quota management. Private non-profit salmon hatchery corporations will be interested in hiring graduates to serve as hatchery managers and outreach specialists in their respective communities.
The Alaska seafood processing industry, the largest private-sector employer in the state, will hire students with a B.A. in Fisheries with expertise in accounting, finance, marketing, organizational management, and other areas of business administration to help run their organizations.
The Bachelor of Arts in Fisheries will prepare students for these job opportunities by providing valuable, practical experience, individualized instruction and on-the-job training, application of classroom theories in the real world, and networking with people in the chosen career field. These attributes will prepare students for post-graduation employment and, consequently lead to a higher employability. Our students will be prepared for the specific requirements associated with the agencies and organizations listed above and be well qualified for similar jobs throughout North America through the unique program that we propose to deliver.
For the specific degree requirements of the Bachelor Arts in Fisheries, view these links:
- Fisheries section in UAF catalog
- Fisheries Four-Year Plan (13KB PDF)
- 2011-2012 Fisheries BA Degree Worksheet (12KB PDF)
For more information about the Rasmuson Fisheries Expansion, please contact Dr. Trent Sutton, Undergraduate Fisheries Coordinator, e‑mail: tmsutton@alaska.edu, 907-474-7285.
If you are a student interested in studying at the University of Alaska Fairbanks, please contact SFOS academics, academics@sfos.uaf.edu or 907-474-7289.About 21 percent of all Orange County public schools earned the highest possible ranking on the state's latest Academic Performance Index, an achievement that virtually mirrors last year's results, according to figures released Thursday.
But, surprisingly, local schools also scored lower than usual in a second measure that rates campuses against those with similar student populations.
The API is a composite of standardized test scores and other measures used by the state to evaluate student achievement. Schools were judged on a scale of 1 to 10 on both measures, with 10 being the best score, based on their 2010 API test scores.
Database: Review 2010 API scores and similar schools rankings for O.C. schools and compare with their 2009 performance.
STATEWIDE RANK
In Orange County, 119 of 562 schools received a top ranking of 10 in the statewide comparison. About 50 percent of all local schools earned a score of 8 or higher.
Just 13 schools scored a 1, the worst possible rank.
"The results are a reflection of the dedicated hard work of our teachers, support staff, and administrators. Educators are doing a remarkable job in light of the financial challenges and funding cuts we continue to face," county Superintendent William Habermehl said.
In the previous year, 120 schools received a 10, and 13 schools received a 1.
SIMILAR SCHOOLS RANK
The state's similar schools ranking measures each campus against 100 schools serving similar populations.
Fifty-eight schools received a similar-schools top score of 10, while 32 schools earned a ranking of 1. Last year, 82 schools received a similar-schools score of 10, and 20 schools earned a score of 1.
Habermehl said his staff was reviewing the data to determine why fewer local schools reached scores of 10.
"Academic achievement for schools in general continues to improve each year," he said. "Our schools are not declining. They may just not be improving at the same rate.Apr 28, 2014 at 11:01 am
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Hennepin County water patrol will resume its search for a car that sunk in the Mississippi River in Minneapolis.
Authorities don't yet know if there was anyone inside the car when it landed in the river Sunday morning. Reports say.
News Anchor
Temp: 38°F (3°C)
Dewpoint: 37
Wind: Calm N
Weather: Clear
Category Archives: Travel query
Cemeteries on the Weather Channel
One of the reporters for the Weather Channel contacted me last week with some questions about how weather affects cemeteries. The story went up on Thursday. It’s accompanied by some beautiful photos (not mine) — and it’s added a few … 
Posted in Cemetery essay, Travel query Tagged graveyards, weather channel, weather damage of cemetery, weatherchannel.com 2 Comments
Cemeteries in Portland?
Can anyone recommend a pretty cemetery to visit in Portland, Oregon in May?
Posted in Travel query Tagged Portland cemetery 4 CommentsWater Stores – Your Own Water Store & Water Shop
Water stores are one part of the fast growing water businesses worldwide and they are the lowest cost method to sell purified drinking water. Water Stores are also a business with very low startup costs for anyone that wants to get into the water business. W.B. USA has been installing water stores for close to 20 years and has over 600 of stores worldwide. It is a very simple business to run and can easily be profitable.
Why is there a need for Water Stores?
Water stores fill the need for low cost safe drinking water that taste great. Most people in the U.S. will buy it because it tastes great or they do not trust the quality of water coming from their taps.
The water shops in developing countries can provide very safe and great tasting water that people can afford to buy. There are many places in the world where people have to get up very early in the morning to go collect water from shallow wells that are unsafe and many times look like a mud puddle. There can be a solution to this problem in any city or town that has a water source.
Market Alternatives:
There are several different options for safe bottled drinking water. The first option is to buy bottled water from a store such as a grocery store, yet most times this ends up costing up $5.00 a gallon for smaller bottles such as .5 liters. On sale lower cost 1 gallon bottles of water will cost you about $1.00. People do not want to pay prices this high, which is what creates demand for water stores even in well civilized areas.
Another option is home delivery, but that costs on an average about $7.50 per five gallons of water or $1.25 a gallon. Some people do enjoy home deliveries, and with a water store it is possible to set up your own home delivery routes if you have a means of transporting the water to customers for home delivery.
The water store will sell water for different prices depending on the location. In the Sunbelt areas of the U.S. the average price of 30-35 cents per gallon, which is due the large number of vending machines outside of many food stores. In many of the colder regions of the country it is sold for .50-70 per gallon. Many water stores are also selling alkaline for a much higher price of $1.00 up to $3.00 per gallon. Many water stores also bring in additional revenues by selling bottles, crocks, coolers, and various general merchandise items. Water stores typically claim to sell purified water, which is water below 10 ppm of contaminants. This means that water stores actually sell a higher quality water than many other bottled water alternatives. Many bottled waters contain much higher levels of contaminants such as many bottled spring waters that contain 100 to 200 ppm of contaminants. Also studies show that water stores Store is a Mini- Water Plant:
In most cases water stores are a smaller size bottling plant with the same type of equipment as the larger manual filling bottling plants. The big difference is they don’t need to store the water or the bottles because people re-fill their own bottles with fresh great tasting drinking water. There is no bottle cost or expensive delivery cost so they can sell the water for less and still be very profitable.
How will WB USA work with you?
W.B. USA has been building water store equipment for almost 20 years to provide the equipment and support you need to have a successful business. We work with you to design and layout the store to work in a proper manner and keep the cost low without sacrificing quality. We are the direct manufacturer of all the equipment so we can make any customizations to the equipment that you desire. We also offer installation services to make sure your store is installed properly so that you can have a trouble free operation. Should you ever need a service on the equipment, WB USA also offers equipment service to ensure that your water store equipment is properly serviced and maintained. We like to see all of our customers succeed in creating a profitable business and will work closely with you through the entire establishment of the project to help facilitate this success.
To give you a better idea about what type of water store equipment you will need for a standard water store, many people will use a setup similar to the following:
- 3,000 GPD Reverse Osmosis Water Filtration System – Such as our Diamond Skid RO System
- 8 Faucet Water Bottle Filling Tables – Such as our Fill Station
- Dual Bottle Rinsing Station – Such as our Bottle Rinse 2 Bottle Rinsing Station
- Window Mounted Water Vending Machine – Such as our Window Vend
- 3 – 300 Gallon Water Storage Tanks
The equipment setup above is the most common setup for a standard water store, (760) 744-4800, email us at 4info@waterbusiness.com, or use the request info button in the menu bar. We encourage you to talk to us about your potential water store and we can provide you with more information about all the key considerations when opening a water store. Also WB USA provide you information on successful water stores that use our equipment. We are experts in water stores and look forward to helping you with all your water store needs!
Click For The Water Store Complete Info Pack.
Did the holiday take them by surprise? In Palin world this wouldn’t be to surprising.
They’re actually going to be buying a TV ad in Iowa urging Palin to reconsider her decision not to run because the country so desperately needs her leadership
For what?
Destroying the country once and for all?
We’ve already had one narcissistic, amiable dunce in the White House, and we still haven’t recovered from that misfortune. To have another one would be the death knell.
On the other hand, a 50-state landslide for the Democrats has some appeal…
What is worse than their belief that she would make a good president…
…is there belief that she ever wanted to be president in the first place. All the woman ever wanted was the insinuation of becoming president so she could make lots and lots of money. That has been clear all the way back to 2008 when SNL did the skit about her “going rogue” and selling t-shirts for 2012. Now they have incontrovertible evidence that that is all she ever wanted (the GOP candidates are so very bad that one couldn’t ASK for better circumstances), and they still insist on supporting her for president.
Must feel better than accepting the fact that you were used by an opportunist who was only ever interested in making money off your wrongheaded support.
1. I am on the other side of the state from Sioux City.
2. I don’t watch much TV.
3. WIN
Not to mention that if you want a narcissistic, amiable dunce, the current Republican field already gives you that option.
I do not miss the tummy-cringing effects Sarah Palin has on me every single time I consider her words.. That includes even Gov. Gary Johnson who promises to eradicate the budget deficit in his first budget, which appears to exceed even Sarah Palin’s ignorance and delusion when it comes to both simple arithmetic and magical thinking.
You gotta feel sympathy for them about this. Thanksgiving just came out of nowhere, who could have foreseen it?
Randomfactor, unfortunately there’s just one tiny, eensy weensy, little problem with your scenario. It’s called “The South.”*
As a Georgian, every day I believe more and more that Lincoln should have just said: “Fuck it!”
These people are capable of either denying or explaining away (gotcha question!), to themselves at least, all the stupid that’s excreted from Palin’s mouth.
I know these people well, and they would back a ticket of Hitler and Stalin before they’d vote for the ni**er — er I mean Muslim, communist, atheist, Kenyan Nazi.
* Not saying that Obama — short of being filmed raping little white boys on the White House lawn — would lose that election, just that it would not be a sweep.
This is the sort of thing that gets brought by people who suggest alternatives to democratic government. I have to admit it’s getting harder to make convincing counter-arguments.
Michael Heath:
“…which appears to exceed even Sarah Palin’s ignorance and delusion when it comes to both simple thinking and magical arithmetic.”
Sorry, it works just as well that way.
Well, it appears that there might be a fresh infusion of teh burnin’ stoopits available to support Palin. Poor Spermin’Herman Cain is goin’ down in flames–a lady claims he had a 13 year affair with her and he’s “reassessing moving forward”. Fuckin’ loonz.
Ed, I think we need a new descriptive label for the malady that affects those folks who continue to support mendacious, malicious, moronic messiahs like St. Sarah of Wasilla. I’m thinkin’ “Battered Constituent Syndrome”.
“Battered Constituent Syndrome”.
We already have a term for those people: “Fucking morons.”
The problem is how to decrease their propensity to support right wing authoritarian loons who would at the least wreck our economy for decades, and at worst destroy civilization — legally and without violence.
Ron Paul’s supporters make a close second, though.
There isn’t. We can write off trying to reach the Fox generation on anything. They’re happy in their little bubble made of hate and propaganda. No facts will ever be allowed to penetrate the minds of anyone who can say, “Keep your government hands off my Medicare” with a straight face. The only thing we can hope for is that demographics take care of them before the singularity arrives and we all get uploaded into the Matrix.
“Imagine how crazy someone has to be to still, at this late date, think that Sarah Palin is worthy of running a Jack in the Box night shift, much less the country.”
As someone who runs a quick-service restaurant, I am insulted by this. Based on everything we have seen over the last 2 Presidents, it takes a far lower intellect to do that job than it does to run a fast-food place. I don’t think I would trust Bush Jr. or Obama as my assistants, much less running a store.
In the Palinista website “Conservatives4Palin” they have been pushing “reconsideration” since she decided money uber alles.
Plenty of God’s-Chosen-Candidate in the comments, not surprisingly. My favorite, presumably still up (I’m at work, little time to waste checking), is the sub-theme “10.3”, apparently there was something about she would only run if there was a magnitude 10.3 earthquake, and the faithful point out there were recently a 4.6 (in Oklahoma?) and a 5.7 (in Texas?. God truly wants her to run, even if he didn’t actually produce a 10.3 (should point out that the power of a 4.6 added to the power of a 5.7 would still be virtually infinitesimal compared to a 10.3)
democommie:
You left out “meretricious.”
But remember that Palin was very clear that she would not accept “a GOP nomination.” She said nothing about not riding a rising tide of support for herself as the nominee from a third party. I see this as the first salvo of that delusion. I would not chuckle gleefully if she split the vote.
Arrgh – I WOULD chuckle gleefully if Palin split the vote.
Sarah plain could be the teabag party’s nomination. But with her record, she might turn it down because she prefers coffee.
I got a great idea!!
Oh…nevermind. =D
Pieter B:
And a happy New Year to you as well.
It is hard to understand how this major holiday caught them by surprise. After all, it was in all the newspapers.
Oh.
“I don’t think I would trust Bush Jr. or Obama as my assistants, much less running a store.”
Cheesynougat, I wouldn’t trust Palin to change a dollar, but c’mon, both Bush and Obama have shown leadership skills. I don’t like most of what Bush did, but he had some moments. I wish Obama would flex a little more while the republican crazy is at eleven, but he is light years ahead of Palin in the ability department.
Since the Evangelical Republican base is avoiding Mormon Romney like the plague and the other candidates are unfathomably stupid or otherwise unelectable, it’s possible that no candidate will enter the Republican convention with enough delegates to win: A deadlocked convention.
In that case you can expect to see the arrival of new candidate, a virtuous maiden on a white horse: Sarah Palin.
(The White Horse, or Pale(in) Horse, is ridden by the first of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. It symbolizes Conquest, or Victory.)
Palin’s staying out of the race so far has kept her cluelessness out of the papers while her opponents’ stammering and lying has been exposed through time and debates. Tea Party-leaning delegates will flock to her immediately. Enough of the remainder will follow. In this scenario her staying out of the primary race will have paid off.
Also in my opinion, if Palin is nominated, she will not participate in any televised debates run by the “lame-stream” media. She will announce this during her acceptance speech. She’ll have plenty of money for television advertising: All negative, all the time (okay, with a little hagiography thrown in). Her campaign will buy up as much as possible of the TV ad block time scheduled to air just before the election, and as soon as possible, within days of her nomination.
The Republican base will turn out in force. The Democratic base, weary of continuing recession and uninspired by the “change” that was more of the same, will stay home. The result…?
Don’t discount Palin this election cycle.
@ttch: I think she’s actually planning on that! Among the deluded in this country who believe Palin would be the greatest president the country has ever seen is Sarah herself. She just doesn’t want to work for it.
Personally I would be delighted to see Palin enter the race. Heck – I’d probably vote for her in the primary, and I think you should, too. I think she’d make a great nominee for the Republicans, don’t you? Come on, guys, she’d be a great choice to run against Obama! Right? You do agree, don’t you?
question:
When W was elected, it was pretty clear Cheney & Co. were pulling his strings.
If Palin is elected, who would really be running the administration?
Who would be the at the head of her advisers?
because that is who would really be President, not Palin.
If they want an Alaskan at least pick one that has proven to be able to finish something difficult like Lance Mackey who won the Iditarod 4 times.
d cwilson “It’s really hard to imagine a more delusional group of people than the folks at Conservatives4Palin. Ron Paul’s supporters make a close second, though.”
To be fair, most of Ron Paul’s crew don’t have a lifetime of ignorance to draw on.
Will it be worth having to put up with the resurgence of excruciatingly unfunny “drilling in Alaska” jokes in the meantime?.
Palin is a direct descendent of elevating the stupid and dishonest that has been the GOP calling card since 1980.
I guess you missed George W Bush? Or your hero, Reagan? Reagan–the guy who said that trees cause pollution? George “There’s no word of entrepreneur in French” Bush? These were not the sharpest knives in the drawer, and worse, they were idiots who told flaming lies as naturally as they breathed.
She’s only continuing a grand GOP tradition of appealing to flaming morons by being one herself.
ttch:
We can easily discount her. The expiration dates for filing in the earliest states to run in their primaries have since passed. She has no money. She’s demonstrated zero ability to raise money. She can’t withstand scrutiny. And her own party has repeatedly been polled with close to majority claiming she’s not qualified in some of those polls. There’s no way the power brokers would favor her if the party ended-up with a brokered national convention in ’12. Besides, they have rules regarding how to assign delegate votes from the primaries.
That horse left the barn a good long while ago, i.e., winning the GOP nomination as their presidential nominee, when she quit as governor. Because there’s no feasible way for her to win, we can safely assume this was why Ms. Palin was so bitter and demeaning towards the office of the presidency when she announced she wouldn’t run several weeks ago.
Since the 2008 election our risk has instead been Ms. Palin maneuvering herself into position to force a so-called moderate like Mitt Romney to nominate her as her as their VP running date to bring the base vote out. That’s a marriage even the presidential nominee would equate as extortion.
Re Michael Heath @ #33
What makes Mr. Michael Heath believe that Romney wouldn’t nominate Palin as his vice-presidential running mate if he thought that it would attract the tea baggers and the born agains and was the only way he could win? With Romney, winning isn’t everything, its the only thing.
Me earlier:
Aquaria responds:
I perceive this as one of many examples of where your opposition to another tribe’s leaders has you emotionally reacting in a way that has reason no where to be found.
I’ve wrote hundreds of comment posts in Ed’s venue that were highly critical of President Bush. Some of those argued we can already assign him to being one of the worst presidents ever while also predicting his legacy will only get worse given his pivotal and catastrophic role in the U.S.’s “business as usual” approach to climate change and the reinforcement that no Republican can ever raise taxes, they can only cut taxes. So no, I’ve haven’t missed President Bush contrary to your sarcasm. I’d instead put my body of comment posts up relative to anyone else’s in my attempts to make compelling arguments on why he was so incredibly horrible as president and as a person.
In addition we can also demonstrate an enormous difference between Sarah Palin’s capabilities and Mr. Bush’s. Just because they share some common conservative attributes doesn’t make them both equally stupid, incompetent, and evil. Ms. Palin is clearly in another league which was exactly my point. In fact what we encounter is an extension into new territory for Republicans. Thomas Frank’s thesis presented in What’s the Matter with Kansas revealed how the merging of plutocrats with socially conservative populists allowed people like Mr. Bush to become political leaders; where President Bush is the standard-bearer politician described in Mr. Franks book. Ms. Palin on the on the other hand is a political leader equivalent to very the social conservative populist-base that supported politicos like Mr. Bush. Mr. Bush, an obviously intellectually lazy man who only identified with his cohorts, is far beyond Ms. Palin’s incompetencies and delusions; he played the base, she is the base.
Lastly, while Sarah Palin has attempted to project onto herself President Reagan’s legacy and Margaret Thatcher’s as well, only delusional ideologues would argue all three are conservative gods or on the left, conservative devils. To do so requires the denial of much of our history, something I always strive to never do, unlike you Aquaria who repeatedly seek out anecdotes to support your arguments rather than framing your criticism within the full weight of Ronald Reagan’s entire record, even after this is pointed out to you (a sure mark something other than reason is at play). As I’ve repeatedly pointed out before, I will take Mr. Reagan on the full bulk of his words and his record in its entirety, which was certainly mixed with successes along with some embarrassing failures as well – just like all presidents though he was generally more successful than most governors and presidents.
Re nominating Palin as running mate:
One shouldn’t forget the group of salivating hacks posing as journalists.
slc1:
I didn’t argue otherwise. I only noted a moderate nominee would do so only if they felt forced to do so to win. Everyone in the GOP power circles knows that Sarah Palin is an embarrassment they wish would go away with the exception of The Weekly Standard run by the always wrong Bill Kristol. My goodness, John McCain’s own presidential campaign managers trashed her after the ’08 election. Romney would obviously prefer having someone from his own crew to govern with him, not a joke like Sarah Palin.
I do think a Romney win in ’12 will produce a very different candidate than if Romney had won in ’08. In ’08 it was clear his desire to be president had him completely immersed in winning the election rather than preparing to govern, an approach equivalent to Bush in 2000. However in the three debates I’ve encountered over the past couple of months it’s now evident Mr. Romney’s been studying up for the job and actually has a far more informed perspective on the role of the president. Of course this doesn’t mean you’re wrong he’d do anything to win, however I do think if he seeks out red meat for the base he’s going to do everything he can to avoid a complete nut like Palin or Michele Bachman for that matter.
One of the more interesting arguments I’ve seen about who Romney would pick goes along this line. Romney has an advantage over Obama with white middle-aged college-educated voters, Obama needs more of that vote to win since young liberals can’t be counted-on to turn-out because there fantasy of Obama didn’t turn-out. A Palin-like nomination would hurt Romney with this group of voters. Obama has an advantage with Hispanics, which Romney needs. So if Romney were to make the same stupid type of pick that McCain did by looking only at demographics rather than picking the best person to run the country if they can’t, Sen. Marco Rubio is looking mighty tasty. He’s a brown Sarah Palin without the histrionics.
I should note that I don’t think Gov. Romney will pick anyone as inexperienced as Marco Rubio. I think we’ll see a respected conservative with foreign policy credentials nominated, or a respected conservative female. The problem with the latter is they’re mostly not sufficiently anti-abortion which amplifies Romney’s regression in that area.
For the good of the country and the entertainment value I’d like to see him nominate Gov. Huntsman if he wins the bid. This act alone might move all the conservative rage against Muslims over to Mormons. Heads would explode, in 3D!
Didja notice the subtitle on the Conservatives4Palin web site: “Just the Facts”. Jebus, what a set of loons.
Michael Heath:
It appears that Marco Rubio suffers from that curious GOP malady, “Lying Fuckbagitis Syndrome”. His folks, apparently, left Cuba BEFORE Castro came to power, not after. He of course spins it that he didn’t have all of the documents*. More to the point, he didn’t know that others could find them. Another lying republican, quelle sooprize!
* This sounds like complete horseshit. The Cubans who have been in Miami since Castro came to power are the movers and shakers and I’m thinking that they would take a dim view of poseurs who skedaddled before they were run out on rail.
Wow, looks like a bunch of people rolled 1’s on their saving throw vs stupid
To be fair, most of Ron Paul’s crew don’t have a lifetime of ignorance to draw on.
To be fair, yes, actually, they do. Most of the paultards show exactly the same willful ignorance as the teatards, to the point where it’s often hard to tell which Republican moron they’re actually supporting. That’s because they’re all sockpuppets with the same controlling hand in their nether regions.
Aquarius @ 32: While I think GWB is the dumbest president in living memory, it’s probably not a good idea to call him “an idiot who told flaming lies” and then include the myth of the “French don’t have a word for entrepreneur” quote, which sounded too good to be true to me the first time I heard it, largely because I don’t think GWB would ever use words that long and that foreign.
Reference:
I don’t get it. Why spend big money televising in IOWA an ad designed to encourage a woman who doesn’t live there to run for President? Wouldn’t it be more effective (and a darn sight cheaper) to just send her a letter?
Do they think television has a magical effect that will just somehow get to everywhere? Television as the New Prayer … hmmm, that leads to another thought. Why don’t they just cut out the middleman and make a television ad aimed directly to God:
“Dear God. Please come back. We’re really sorry we killed your son, and we’re glad he got better. It won’t happen again.”
Raging Bee, to be fair I meant that Ron Paul’s followers tend to be younger and have their whole lives ahead of them to hopefully learn to not be ignorant, while Teabaggers spent their whole lives wallowing in it. (Now, since I’m the Liberal Media, I have to add a dose of false equivalence by mentioning that I went to an Occupy Wall Street protest and one of the protesters was dumb. And also he had a bongo. It wasn’t a good, conservative bongo either)East Tennessee Historical SocietyEdit This Page
From FamilySearch Wiki
(Difference between revisions)
Latest revision as of 18:32, 21 February 2014 9,284 times.
BROWSEby country by topic
New to the Research Wiki?
In the FamilySearch Research Wiki, you can learn how to do genealogical research or share your knowledge with others.Learn MoreC.
Indeed, Cisco says it already takes in about $6 billion a year in revenue from software, and expects to double that amount over the next five years or so. “Eighty percent of our engineers are developing software,” says Robert Lloyd, Cisco’s president of development and sales.
The latest software offering is an update of Cisco video software called Videoscape, dubbed Videoscape Unity. Cisco says it is designed to help cable operators offer consumers such services as “cloud DVR,” storing recordings of programs on the cable company’s servers rather than on a home set-top box; search of both live and on-demand programming; and gateway functions to help distribute video among many devices in the home.
Other possibilities include links to social networking services, to let people in different homes share information about favorite programs. “People want to watch the kind of things their friends are watching,” says Jesper Andersen, a Cisco senior vice president who is general manager of its service provider video technology group.
Cisco’s CES press conference is expected to feature a panel of Videoscape customers, including an executive from Cox Communications, which plans to use Cisco’s.Texas on the Potomac
Washington news with a Texas accent
Posts by Author. [Read More]
Analysis: Texas case could mark the end of affirmative action in the United States
If the court rules in favor of the student, it could have serious consequences for affirmative action programs all over the United States.[Read More]
Poll: Santorum surges to lead in Texas with help of former Perry, Cain backers
Texan lawmakers angry that Canadian oil for the Keystone pipeline might go to ‘our worst enemy’
Analysis: Do we still need a turnaround specialist to turn this economy around?
Analysis: A devastating defeat for Newt Gingrich
Newt Gingrich is accustomed to be counting out. He’s been left for dead politically twice in the past nine months, only to bounce back to seize the lead for the Republican presidential nomination.
But does Gingrich, the cat man of the GOP presidential field, have four, let alone nine, lives?[Read More]
Facing defeat in Florida, Gingrich vows to fight on … and on
Rick Perry will join current and former presidential candidates at conservative gathering in DC
Unrepentant RNC chair Priebus won’t back down for comparing Obama to Italian captain accused of manslaughter.[Read More]
Show More(GE12) PKR reps in a rush to get down to work March 11, 2008Posted by elizabethwong in "We can do better", Current Affairs, Democracy, Malaysia, Politics.
Tags: Bukit Lanjan, GE12, KeADILan, PRU12, Selangor
trackback
.
The modest dinner to congratulate all the winners last night looked more like conference for activists with R Sivarasa, Elizabeth Wong, Wee Choo Keong, Dr Syed Husin Ali, the new Selangor MB designate Khalid Ibrahim than a gathering of politicians.
Not until Anwar entered the stage did the event carry an air of politics. Nevertheless, after a quick round to congratulate the winners and console the less fortunate, the PKR de facto leader got down to business straight away.
With everyone ushered into his living room, the 60-year-old restored order with a quick, “Yang Berhormats, kita dah nak bermula. (YBs, we are about to start)”
“We called this meeting to meet all the Parliament and state representatives, to remind them of their commitment to a reform agenda.”
“This is a historic moment and marks the beginning of a new era for the country, PKR and our political partners. We won because of the support and the aspirations of all the different races.”
“Our representatives will be constantly reminded that the mandate is given by all Malaysians and not any specific race,” said Anwar.
The party’s main priority
While he admitted that race-base politics are still a factor in Malaysia, he hoped that PKR’s multi-ethnic platform will be the base for an alternative vision.
“The assumption that this party cannot exists by analysts is flawed. What they attempted to do was to compare us to what Onn Jaafar tried to do 50 years ago. That had different circumstances and a different agenda.”
Sandwiched between his wife and party president Wan Azizah Wan Ismail, Syed Husin and Khalid, Anwar said that they are also bound to fight abuse of power, mismanagement and corruption.
Poverty, inflation and public housing issues will be their main priority.
Their first priority, is also to set up a state government in Selangor with Khalid as the menteri besar and support their partners DAP and PAS in Penang, Kedah and Kelantan. PKR was due to discuss the MB position in Perak last night.
“Once we are done with setting up or supporting our partners in the formation of state governments, everyone must get to work immediately,” said Anwar.
But he told everyone that there should be no unnecessary costs involved.
“There will be no new cars or huge budgets for renovating offices and so forth. Those are the excesses of the past that we must not adopt.”
“We will also not surrender any cars to the outgoing excos as is the normal practice, so that everyone uses the existing vehicles. Because the tradition of selling cars to the outgoing menteris besar cheaply need to be stopped,” he explained.
On Saturday, Malaysia went through a historic moment more important than sending a man into space.
It was momentous not because it had given the opposition its biggest mandate. It was significant not because it denied Barisan Nasional its routine two-thirds majority. It was meaningful not because it was a peaceful transition.
But it was historic because Malaysians have come of age and broke away from their communal fears to vote away from racial lines.
The rakyat are used to promises to end corruption, provide transparency and to help the poor regardless of race before. Hopefully, PKR will keep theirs. (Chan Kok Leong | Mar 10, 08 11:15am)
Eli, I think you guys need to have a bunch of qualified and experienced technocrats, fast.
I mean, YB eli.
Can still call you Liz ah?
A good start. I wish all success in their endeavours to make Malaysia a better place. We are as good as the devloped country. No less. Let’s just make it so.
And stop using the word “YB” outside of Parliament and DUN please!
Congratulations Anwar and PKR
The time has dawned.
You are vindicated
This is the opportunity to fulfill your dreams, hopes, and vision which began with ABIM and CCA
As a Malaysian let us built this truly multi-racial and multi-religious harmonius nation for ALL people.
Lets really do away with that YB title for real.
Technocrats are a very viable options. But please also make sure that these technocrats do not just end up sitting in their plush offices. The path to revamping Selangor will be long and arduous, but remember the rakyat has spoken and we want the change.
I’m also glad to hear that old archaic practices such as renovating offices, getting new cars & etc are over and done with I’ve seen first hand the ‘great’ offices of these menteri’s and I wonder how much money has been wasted over the years. And it also doesn’t bode well when you see government officials using ministerial cars like Rexton’s * Honda’s to drive around.
if doesn’t involve amendment of federal constitution, do not forget the implementation of local gov election within 2.5 yrs as promised and as a barometer to gauge the perfomance of new governance
There were some teachers who were campaigning against Dr.Lee Boon Chye in Gopeng. Blatantly going against Gov directives/orders just bcos they were in BN. They were wearing party badges, having walkabouts with Ling JR(Crook). I demand action be taken against them base on existing standing procedures.
There was a teacher from Pei Yuen,Kampar,Mr. Loh, the afternoon supervisor from Gunung Rapat,Mr Lier, a HM of a small school, Mr. Chan, a teacher from Gopeng, Mr. Phan.
Their actions are against the Perintah Am of the Msian Gov. Newspaper clippings are available from the Chinese press to prove their involvement. This is not witch-hunting but instilling discipline in arrogant Gov servants.
Congrats,
Govern well, we’re counting on you. No one gets left behind…
i think new YB can learn fast..go and attend lessons in management,leadership like steven covey’s 7 habits..you guys/gals r still “young” n can be fast learner…hey, in the midst of powerful BN media and policing, u manage with the help of God to win,surely u can do the job,iAllah…u must…looking at the facts, previous BN cabinet also didnt hv much qualifications.hey, if PakLah can be PM, certainly many people can do it..i dont want to belittle PM but look at the facts what he has done..he can be good if he listen to more senior advices.
oohh..sorry..i forgot to say this……..
tahniah n congrats…so pleasing to see many reformasi activists won:O) you deserve it esp Tien..hope the fru dont misuse their boots again on u.do the job honestly n dont expect any returns.God will reward u.also dont forget yr frens who dont make it this time like dr badrol,Mus..also u shud talk to pkr leaders/pas to bring back Ezam.close rank guys…yr future survival will depend on this 4 yrs…if u do well, perhaps not impossible that u can grab the federal leadership.also for those not married yet, with some money in pocket, pls do so asap…:O) a food for thought:
“All are brothers and sisters. There should be no more dividing people along racial lines,” –
Nik Aziz, Kelantan MB. The Star, 9 March
take care n savour the victory for now. work hard,listen to party elders, n do consultation when making decision and dont be shy to ask
from a friend who used to be battered by fru.
may God bless u and guide u all..
I thought you said PKR will not address any of their elected rep YB as a form of humility and being servants to the people? It seems it’s not so? Or is it just you alone which has this humility not not the others from PKR who still wish to be addressed as YB?
Opposition can only ignore Indian votes at their own peril
– Indian vote bank the Achilles Heel in a two-party system
By Joe Fernandez@Fernz
Indian votes play the Kingmaker role in Peninsular Malaysia, not Chinese or Malay votes although there is a lot of talk about Chinese and Malay dissatisfaction. The Indians have been conveniently forgotten by the instant pundits-plagued media, again. The Chinese and Malay Opposition are just jumping on the bandwagon of Indian dissatisfaction and adding their own petty issues which detract from the core issue in the just concluded General Elections: Indian dissatisfaction with the BN. There is nothing the Chinese and Malay Opposition can do on their own without the support of Indian voters. Just as easily the Opposition won five states in Peninsular Malaysia, they can lose them again at the next General Elections if the Indians defect to the BN. That’s why Samy Vellu has pledged to stay on as MIC president and continue to soldier on. He knows. He knew. Even know, he’s plotting the destruction of the Opposition day and night.
It is not the Indians alone that are dissatisfied with the BN Government. Others are dissatisfied too. The difference is that the votes of the Others cannot make even an iota of difference at the polls against the might of the BN without the votes of the Indians. An Indian vote in a marginal constituency is worth its weight in gold compared with a non-Indian vote in an ethnic-majority constituency.
If the BN wants to win back the sizeable Indian votes in the 64 Parliamentary seats (BN obtained the Indian votes in only three Parliamentary seats), it must not touch the following in a negative way: Hindu temples; Tamil schools; and Tamil language.
It must not allow the Civil Courts to compromise the Federal Constitution by bending over backwards to accommodate Syariah Court rulings in an adverse manner against non-Muslims.
No snatching of non-Muslim corpses by claiming that they had secretly converted to Islam by reciting something in front of some people on their deathbed.
No bringing in foreign workers, legal and illegal, at the expense of Malaysians. Depressing local wages by using foreigners is also unacceptable.
The BN Government must rein in the Malay Police who are brutally engaged in a long running war with Indian youths. So many Indian youths have been beaten blue and black in police custody, and even killed, for no other reason other than their race. Has even one extra-judicial killing been investigated and the guilty punished?
The BN Government must make efforts to Malaysianise the Malay Police, the Malay Civil Service, the Malay Judiciary and the Malay Teaching Service. What will become of the Lingam tapes? There must be substance in the follow-up, not just form and cosmetics.
The BN Government must ensure that equal rights, as guaranteed by the Federal Constitution, are respected and honoured. Don’t drag in the question of special privileges (for the Umnoputras certainly) to deny equal rights to all.
The System must be for all, not just for some people. Contradictions, deviations, discrepancies and hijacking of the system must be eliminated. Government created opportunities must be made available to all, without fear or favour, and not just for some people only. There must be no discrimination or quota systems. The NEP, instituted in the name of the Bumiputera masses and the poor and socio-engineering, must go because it has been abused and abused enough time and time again to enrich the Umnoputras at the expense of all.
The Malaysian Prime Minister must behave as a Prime Minister for all races and not just for the Malays. He should never tell Indians to go and see some stooge of an Indian community leader when they have grievances to discuss with him. One day Badawi says he has big ears and the next day he refuses to meet with Hindraf leaders.
The Malaysian Prime Minister must stop saying things like: Melayu mesti buat ini, Melayu mesti buat it, Melayu mesti buat ini and itu, Agenda Melayu, ketuanan Melayu, perjuangan Melayu yang belum selesai, Melayu Baru, Islam Hadhari, incorporation of Islamic values, the Islamic state, the Social Contract etc. These are things that should be raised by Malay community leaders and not the Malaysian Prime Minister.
The BN, Umno in particular, must stop bribing Indian community leaders with some crumbs to betray the community.
The BN must not insist on the MIC being the sole representative of the Indian community in the Barisan Nasional.
Finally, the Opposition can only ignore the Indian community at their own peril. Don’t take the community for granted and become complacent and rest on your laurels. Anwar Ibrahim is no magician. This man has never impressed me. He’s a shallow intellectual and political chameleon – Chandra Muzzafar is right – who jumped on the Hindraf phenomenon (makkal sakthi or people power) and did very well for the Opposition. He must be laughing himself to death at the utter stupidity of the BN leaders in handling the Hindraf issue just as he was laughing himself to death when he effortlessly went from ABIM leader to Deputy Prime Minster although he made a mess of every Ministry he headed and would have made a mess of the economy too in 1998 had not Mahathir stepped in and sacked him. Let the Indians have their rightful place in the sun or witness Malaysian politics going into a long period of uncertainty, swinging from one extreme to another, and finally degenerating into chaos, instability and economic ruin.
The Bumiputera community was the excuse for the NEP in 1970 in the wake of the searing Sino-Malay race riots of 13 May 1969. Today, the Bumiputeras have nothing more than the proverbial shirt on their back and have turned to Islam in solace. They were used and thoroughly used again and again since 1970 as an excuse to enrich a privileged few, most of whom have since gone bankrupt and bankrupted quite a number of state institutions too.
The Opposition, in power in five states, should not make the same mistake with the Indian community which has put them where they are now. True, Others supported too. But their votes would have meant nothing at all against the might of the BN without the golden Indian votes, the deciding factor. Just look at the way the votes went in the just-concluded 12th General Election. However, the BN has been wise enough not to publicly blame Indian voters for their electoral debacle.
Liz..
It’s time to return the trust back to the people. DAP especially has to prove to all Malaysians that they are capable of working together with PAS and PKR. Right now, people are wondering about ‘problems’ concerning DAP in Perak & Selangor. The delay in appointing MBs in both states is being talked about in mamak stalls and coffee shops. This is not good. :-(
Harap Yg Berhormat PKR dan ahli Yg Berhormat DAP & PAS yang dipilih akan mengotakan janji-janji semasa pilihan raya ke 12 lepas.Terutama tentang menghapuskan tol-tol di Selangor dan am nya di Klang.Tunjuk kan kepimpinan yang baik demi menjaga rakyat Negeri Selangor dibawah pemerintahan baru.
Semoga berjaya
BA should form as one political party like BN
Dear Elizabeth,
Congratulations! Now it’s time to get down to work to rectify and undo the injustices and abuses of the past. To ensuse that the good people of Selangor will continue to support the new wakil2 rakyat,may I suggest that you look into the following:-
1) Beware of attempts by businessmen( who used to support the previous regime) to corrupt you.
2) Save our forest in Kota Damansara(as you all have pledged before the election) and the remaining forest in Damansara Perdana.Make sure the developers have allowed for at least 10% usable land( not just useless steep slopes ) for open space.
3) Revoke the licenses of advertising billboards in residential and inappropriate areas.All new licenses must get consent from the residents ( just like all tadikas, proposed development, etc )Our resident association is most worried about the rampant musrooming of billboards in PJ.
4) All approvals for development like the Damansara Perdana Township must provide sufficient carparking for all its proposed development including the proposed mosque( which is proposed in an area that is so steep and rocky and evidently impossible to built and will creat massive traffic jams) The township is 800 acres so in accordance with the law there must be at least 80 acres of parkland but presently there is none! Bandar Utama is 1,000acres but where is the 100 acres of parkland? So how did the MPPJ approve these developments?.We all know why and how but we all thought we were powerless against the arrogant people in power.
5) I suggest you have a meeting with your rakyat on a regular basis and have a close rapport with all the residents associations in our area to stay close to the people.
Finally, good luck and may GOD bless you.
James.
Hope BA/BR doesn’t sideline any particular race for next 4/5 years. WE WANT EQUALITY IN EVERYTHING, FROM EDUCATION, ALLOCATION FOR SCHOOLS, PLACES OF WORSHIP, BUSINESS, PROMOTION, NO SPECIAL HOUSING DISCOUNT FOR ONE PARTICULAR RACE, JOBS AND SO FORTH.
HOPE BR WON’T BETRAY THE RAKYAT WHO VOTED YOU IN.
Congratulations on your historic win, KeADILan!
March 8 was indeed the happiest day of my life.
It would be good if all you party leaders could omit titles like “YB” when addressing each other in public. Such titles and formal and “elitist” salutations only serve to alienate the public from the people in power. We need a relevant, friendlier and more accesible government.
Once again, Syabas KeADILan
8th of March, 2008 will be embeded in Malaysian History as a Day of Reckoning and a Day of Great Awakening.
A day where true Malaysians with unceasing great passion for the Country see their Hope crystalised all because they kept their Faith in what they believed and stood for.
They stood where others dare not step, They spoke where others dare not whisper and they believed where others dare not think.
You are the True Malaysians who embraced the ideals and endured through all trials and tribulations in order pave a way for Justice and Truth to reign victorious. The same Truth and Justice for all that dwelleth in the Kingdom of God finally prevailed all beacause all you men and women kept the faith.
I salute you all and May the same courage and passion accompany all of you in the new era in Malaysian History to establish in all of us, a Malaysian Identity based on love and not race or religion.
Be instrumental in delivering Malaysians from the evils of Corruption, evils of religious persecutions and Injustices which such freedom truly means KEADILAN !
May God the Almighty be with You All !
To Strive, To Yield and Be Not Afraid,
Max
This is one of the greatest moment in my life as a Malaysian. I shall tell my future children and grand children that I was there among thousands, voting for a better future of Malaysia against the ‘evil empire’.
Congratulation!
and hope my few pointers,below could contribute to your inspiration,though,sound trivial to the people on the top people,but,to us the ordinary rakyat,are deemed as one of the very strong reasons for the downfall of BN:
1.Stop all wayang,widely publicised in the media, Raids to the vice joints.
Some local authorities personnel were used by triads to
flush out their competitors,new commers in the industries.
Khir Toyol personally,has personally raided Putra Inn,in Puchong in 2005(?),though widely publiced and applauded,the vice tent ragain business in less than a month,condoned by the local authorities personnel,with full knowledge of the local MP.ADUN,again!
Hope no such wayang in Puchong,in the comming years.
2.Stop all wayang ,cleanliness campainge against restaurants,coffee shops,and eating outlets.
In 2007,a widely publicized,raids lead by MPSJ Presidents involving, 100 personnels from police,immigration and medias,raided 100 over shop in Puchong.Summons issued,foreignrs
cought,shops condoned etc.etc.
A small press conference held at a timsum shop where my food,half eaten,was taken away during the raid.
I asked,the MPSJ President,isn’t such jobs of ensuring cleaniness should be done by the local health officers.Why don’t you reprimand the officers concerned for not carrying out their work,instead wasted so much money man power,for such trivial things.
My question was brushed aside and the conference were abruptly ended.
Hope no such wayang again in puchong.
So much for now,and will continue to give my pointers.Those pointers
may save your vote,in the next GE..
With all the jostling for the MB, deputy MB and exco positions over the last few days,I hope they realise that unlike in the past where these are a sure path to riches, now it’s hard work. The Rakyat will not be very forgiving this time.Furthermore they will be under the watchful eyes of the Rakyat and the axed-MBs who know exactly where to look.
I’m very pleased to hear that saudara Sivarasa remembers his promise to save the forest in Kota Damansara.
At a time like this, it’s crucial that all the component parties that form the opposition should be seen as being united. All grieviences should be discussed internally and all messages sent out should be consistent and in support of each other. Better still, speak in one voice.
Call your coalition whatever name you want, but please, please issue your press statements under the same umbrella.
Appear united no matter what your persoanl feelings are. Or BN is going work on your weaknesses, and that would give our beloved newspapers a field day playing up on your “in-fighting”
Congatulations on the win and good Luck. We need you to help us make Malaysia a cleaner, fairer place.
Dear Elizabeth Wong,
As the ADUN of Bukit Lanjan, please come and visit Damansara Perdana, your own constituency. MBPJ have zoned the forested steep hills for development.How ironic it is that in your own backyard the MBPJ have approved a project that is so environmentally disasterous and will cause the already bad traffic to be totally jammed.
We the people who supported you appeal to you to review the MBPJ approval immediately.
The Damansara Perdana Forest used to be an 800 acre ORANG ASLI RESERVE FOREST that was mysteriously given to some people by an ex-MB who is ironically in charged of orang asli welfare. Well, macham musang jaga ayam……
Hi are you sure you better ask the adun from rawang and MOP from “SAYANG” to check the adil email. They are passing the ball around. Some places are bleeding mosquito and storing flooded water.
Hi good afternoon to you.
NST 26th May 2008 refers, i would like to highlight on parking issues with our local authorities mainly Godell Parking Sdn Bhd. First of all I would like to bring to your attention that Godell Parking has been operating illegally at Damansara Perdana.
From my knowledge, i came to know that the developer( Saujana Triangle Sdn Bhd) has not been handed over to our local authorities and yet Godell has been operating and we have been summoned by them. Are we supposed to PAY? Please investigate.
I would appreciated your immediate attention on this matter and hope we get our refund.
My contact number is 017-6517277
With regards
Resident of Damansara PerdanaPress release from Business Wire
Tenet Announces Completion of Its Private Offering of 4.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2021 and Early Results of Its Tender Offer and Related Consent Solicitation
Tuesday, February 05, 2013
Tenet Announces Completion of Its Private Offering of 4.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2021 and Early Results of Its Tender Offer and Related Consent Solicitation13:09 EST Tuesday, February 05, 2013 DALLAS (Business Wire) -- Tenet Healthcare Corporation (NYSE: THC) announced today the successful completion of its previously announced private offering of $850 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.50% Senior Secured Notes due 2021. at (800) 558-3745 (toll free) or Wells Fargo Securities at (866) 309-6316 (toll free) or (704) 410-4760 Postino Pen Stand -CloseoutNow: $21.60
Compare: $36.00
Overview
Available options may differ from photo.
Postino is the Italian word for 'postman'. And the inspiration for this series came from the various envelope formats and folding techniques witnessed in the world of letters and packages. The Pen Stand houses desk top pencils and pens within a deconstructed envelope form.
Dimensions: 2" W X 2" D X 3" H
Models
PS04-RED PS04-SLV PS04.
Manufacturer: PRAXIS.View other products from PRAXIS
Movies Release Diary
February 8, 2008
An Arctic Tale (TBC)
Director: Adam Ravetch, Sarah Robertson
Screenwriter: Linda Woolverton, Mose Richards, Kristin Gore
Starring: Queen Latifah
Running time: 90 mins
Summary: The lives of a mother walrus and her calf and of a polar bear and her cubs demonstrate the harsh realities of Arctic survival.
Definitely, Maybe (12A)
Director: Adam Brooks
Screenwriter: Adam Brooks
Starring: Ryan Reynolds, Rachel Weisz, Isla Fisher
Running time: TBC mins
Summary: A political consultant tries to explain his upcoming divorce and his past relationships to his young daughter.
Juno (12A)
Director: Jason Reitman
Screenwriter: Diablo Cody
Starring: Ellen Page, Jason Bateman, Alison Janney, Jennifer Garner
Running time: 91 mins
Summary: When a girl (Page) falls pregnant, she and her best friend hatch a plan to find the unwanted child a perfect set of parents.
National Treasure: Book of Secrets (PG)
Director: Jon Turteltaub
Screenwriter: Cormac Wibberley, Marianne Wibberley
Starring: Nicolas Cage, Justin Bartha, Diane Kruger, John Voight, Helen Mirren
Running time: 124 mins
Summary: A treasure hunter (Cage) seeks to discover the truth behind Abraham Lincoln's assassination by uncovering the mystery contained in the missing pages of John Wilkes Booth's diary.
The Diving Bell And The Butterfly (12A)
Director: Julian Schnabel
Screenwriter: Ronald Harwood
Starring: Mathieu Amalric, Emmanuelle Seigner, Marie-Josée Croze, Anne Consigny
Running time: 111 mins
Summary: The true story of Jean-Dominique Bauby (Amalric), the editor of French Elle. When a sudden stroke leaves him almost totally paralysed, he is left to rediscover his earlier passions with the use of just his left eye.
There Will Be Blood (TBC)
Director: Paul Thomas Anderson
Screenwriter: Paul Thomas Anderson
Starring: Daniel Day-Lewis
Running time: TBC mins
Summary: The story of a Texan silver prospector-turned-oil prospector who aims to make his fortune in the new industry.
Water Horse: The Legend of the Deep (PG)
Director: Jay Russell
Screenwriter: Robert Nelson Jacobs
Starring: David Morrissey, Alex Etel, Brian Cox
Running time: TBC mins
Summary: A boy in Scotland discovers an egg that yields a "water horse". Based on a story by Dick King-Smith.Alex Gabriel has an immense detailed analysis of Pat Condell’s claims in a recent video about the attitudes of “Muslims” to homosexuality. It’s actually more than that, more of a meta-analysis of surveys on the subject.
He summarizes at the end:
For those who’ve skipped to the bottom, as a tl;dr summary, the landscape they suggest can I think be distilled as follows:
- Muslim attitudes are often highly varied, in some cases powerfully polarised, including on questions of sexuality.
- Determinants of this variation, in addition to other less obvious ones, include nationality, ethnicity and age.
- All of these, age in particular, challenge the view conservative and fundamentalist approaches to Islam are ‘imports’ through recent immigration; their followers are often young, born or raised in Britain, more ‘strict’ or ‘radical’ than prior generations.
- Most if not all British Muslims consider homosexual acts ‘morally wrong’ over ‘morally acceptable’, but large majorities in various polls tend to express respect, acceptance or otherwise humane responses to gay people.
- Supporters of sharia law are not an ‘extremist fringe’ as some have claimed, but are a clear minority, with most surveys showing them at somewhere between 20 and 40 percent of Muslims.
- More and better polling is required on what exactly sharia supporters understand it or its (ideal) function to be in Britain, but advocates almost always desire it as a Muslim-specific legal system within Britain rather than a totalitarian alternative to the country’s current governance.
- Further, strong appetites exist for reform or reinterpretation of sharia in line with contemporary views on human (and LGBT) rights, although it’s unclear what the relationship of ‘sharia reformers’ to ‘sharia advocates’ is.
- Muslim support for extreme draconian punishments and human rights abuses such as the Iranian government’s executions by stoning or hanging is extremely low most of the time.
- More broadly, Muslims are by and large extremely unlikely ever to find violence justifiable, though Muslims polled by Gallup across Britain in 2008 were an unexplained exception to this. (This does not, however, suggest support for terrorism or homophobic attacks, and other data explicitly suggests a near-universal lack of support in these areas.)
- All of us – think tanks, journalists, agitators on the right and left, opponents of Islam, defenders of Muslims and people who are both – need to become more literate in polling analysis, more willing to survey the bigger picture and less exploitative of polls as propaganda.
- Polling companies need to be more judicious about wording, formatting and research methods, refusing to use biased or imprecise techniques when agreeing questions with clients (especially those, like newspapers or think tanks, with particular outlooks).
- Numerous points raised by research above are legitimately concerning for secularists and human rights campaigners – not just the minority of Muslims supporting fundamentalist or violent practices, but the view itself that queer sexuality is immoral (even when no structuralised oppression follows this belief) and the support and continued operation of sharia courts as parallel, separate legal institutions in the so-called Muslim community.
- These concerns are not well dealt with by smearing, homogenising and misrepresenting Muslims generally, and sensationalist xenophobia which characterises the presence of Muslims as a major threat to ‘the British way of life’ are both unfounded and unhelpful: non-Muslims (or those outside the ‘Muslim community’) are directly threatened very little by the issues above, whereas Muslim women, LGBT Muslims and other parts of that community marginalised by conservative religious tendencies are strongly affected.
- Atheists, secularists and skeptics should stop engaging in anti-migrant/anti-Muslim racism, taking on the actual problems.
- Pat Condell should stop citing polls he hasn’t read.
I recommend reading Alex’s post on Muslims in Britain. It’s quite long but well written and well sourced.
… Is this the point where we can stop worrying ? When “only” 20-40% percent support sharia ? Ridiculous.
Schlumbumbi @2
Why should you start worrying? That a minority group has a minority of its people supporting something you don’t like is no reason for worry.
@2:
why did you start worrying?
Has sharia law had a demonstable negative effect on your life?
Oh no no no, that’s not right. It’s not a matter of “something you don’t like” – it’s a matter of universal rights, aka one law for all.
Sharia and support for sharia definitely is something to worry about. Dismissing it as mere dislike is the same as dismissing laws that exempt religious believers from laws protecting children, for example.
Yo, Al, Tony! It’s not about you (or me), it’s not “everything that doesn’t harm me is ok and not something to worry about.”
Ophelia @6
You have a point, Ophelia. Personally, I’m against sharia laws for the same reasons I object to rabbinical laws. Theocratic laws tend to be arbitrary, misogynist, and administered by some thoroughly biased, inequitable people.
However, having read Schlumbumbi’s comments about same-sex marriage (see post 6) I’m not willing to give the benefit of the doubt. I don’t think Schlum’s objections to sharia have as much to do with justice as they do with a dislike of Muslims.
Ophelia, you had me at “Pat Condell should stop.”
Sharia “law” is not a legal system in the Western liberal-democratic tradition, so it’s definitely something to worry about
“anti-Muslim racism,”– Muslims are not members of a “race” but followers of an ideology.
Pat Condell has definitely ‘lost the plot’ somewhere, somehow, his videos regularly appear on some of the anti-Arab, anti-Palestinian hate sites.
“One law for all” says it all, really.
Anyone against? Bigot!
Al @ 7 – understood. I just meant to say let’s avoid Muslim-bashing while still opposing sharia – or the other way around.
I know Muslims in the UK that have no problems with homosexuality. One close (female) Muslim friend is bisexual, for example.
Don’t generalise.
@ 9 RJW
Can we put this silly objection to bed once and for all?
Firstly, it ignores that racism isn’t really about “race”, it’s a form of xenophobia – a dislike of people who look and act differently.
Secondly, it ignores that most Muslims aren’t Muslims for ideological reasons, but for cultural reasons. They were just brought up that way. They no more chose their “ideology” than they chose their ethnicity.
Finally, it’s just plain obtuse. It’s like saying that “towel-head” isn’t racist because a turban is a fashion choice, not a race. Do you really believe that most anti-Muslim prejudice is purely ideological and has nothing to do with them being perceived as “foreigners”?
@Schlumbumbi (#2)
Yes, of course 20-40 percent support for sharia is worrying, but
a) This isn’t enough that we can use sharia as an anti-Muslim rallying cry, especially given most actively oppose it.
b) Obvious and considerable disagreement exists among sharia supporters about exactly what it is or how it should work, and polls show large amounts of support for reforming it.
c) Specifically, almost all supporters of sharia law support it exclusively as a Muslim-specific arbitration system analogous to industrial tribunals, rather than as a totalitarian form of national governance.
d) So: the real reasons to worry about sharia (human rights abuses within the ‘Muslim community’) are obscured by Condell’s rhetoric and the wider paranoia about ‘Sharia in the UK’ now familiar in the press.
@Hankstar (#8)
I think you’ll find I had you at ‘Condell should stop’.
@Al Dente (#7)
I’m not actually a fan of using support for gay marriage as a measure of queer friendliness – a sizeable hub of opposition to it from the left exists within the queer population, composed of people (including me, actually) who view gay marriage as an inherently conservative movement – but on the specific comment you cite… yes.
I suspect that:
really needs to be read in light of:
I suspect that a lot of ‘sharia law supporters’ really only consider it in terms of things like family and divorce law. (Not that this isn’t bad enough, given its slant against the woman in such cases.) For that matter, I expect that most of the people supporting sharia law have about as much understanding of what sharia law actually entails as most people do over the law in general. Which is to say, many of the broad strokes may be understood, but the details will often be unpleasant surprises.
@Silentbob,
(1) “it ignores that racism isn’t really about “race”, it’s a form of xenophobia – a dislike of people who look and act differently.” —Even if I accepted your assertion that racism is a category within xenophobia, which by definition, it is not, what relevance does that have to my opinion that Muslims are followers of an ideology. During the Cold War the majority of Communists were Chinese, would you define all anti-communists as racists?
(2) “it ignores that most Muslims aren’t Muslims for ideological reasons, but for cultural reasons.” –So? Why did you incorporate that in your argument? Explain what qualitative difference that makes, is a “cultural ideology” in some special category? Actually–the ideology is part of the culture, where do you think the ideology comes from, out of thin air?
(3) “Do you really believe that most anti-Muslim prejudice is purely ideological and has nothing to do with them being perceived as “foreigners”?”
I’m sure in many cases that’s true, however that’s also irrelevant to my point.You’re conflating anti-Muslim prejudice with opposition to the ideology and making a straw man.
(4) What is your opinion of Islam, not Muslims, but the ideology itself as practised by Moslems and of the political culture of majority Moslem societies? Would you like that totalitarian ideology to be reproduced in your own country? I’m sure the implications of a “no” answer are obvious.
I’m with Hankstar (#8, above). I stopped listening to Condell’s drivel quite a while ago.
The worst thing famous and semi-famous people do is start believing they can do no wrong. Their egos become so inflated that they think anything they say now will be accepted because people liked some things they said in the past.
My understanding is that there isn’t a single definition of sharia law. In theory British muslims could establish one of their own or even several. When you think about that the problems with authority, consent, the right to defect, and limiting factors imposed by other groups, you can start to see what’s wrong with that..
I know Muslims in the UK that have no problems with homosexuality. One close (female) Muslim friend is bisexual, for example.
Don’t generalise.
Probably best not to dismiss statistical evidence based on a single anecdotal exception either.
Participation is the crucial thing: I disagree on the criminalisation of drugs, for instance, but I think that eventually the law will grow the fuck up. Human made laws have a tendency towards liberalisation. That’s not true with god-given laws as the Beardy One isn’t answerable to mere humans.
All these arguments (Condell’s included) are confused because they do not distinguish three different levels which can be referred to as ‘religion’.
There are believers – whose views are the subject of surveys; religious organisations (churches and states); and bodies of belief.
It’s as plain as the nose on anyone’s face that the last two are a) not covered by these surveys b) remain important and c) do not necessarily coincide with the personal convictions of their adherents.
So one interesting question, destined to remain unanswered, is how respondents would have answered if a cleric had been present. And what would people say in less progressive countries than France and Germany?
It seems to me that Godlessness’ contention that “Islam is as malleable as any religion” can only really be understood as referring to the believers. IMO we should be clear which level of religion we are talking about, not least because faithheads exploit exactly the same confusion to their benefit.
Dismissing what statistical evidence?
The evidence cited by Alex Gabriel is consistent with my conclusions based on experience: that a significant/large proportion of UK muslims do not have a negative view of homosexuals.
This evidence, and my own findings, are at odds with Pat Condell’s implications that British Muslims disapproval of homosexuals is universal. Condell cites a poll claiming it is 100%.
Is this the point where we can stop worrying ? When “only” 20-40% percent support sharia ?
No, this is the point where we start being more careful who we blame, punish and demonize. And it’s also the point where we start looking for potential ALLIES, not just enemies.
Pat cares deeply about gay rights. That is why he supports UKIP.
Al @24
He cares about a minority so he supports a bunch of racist bigots. That makes perfect sense, if you’re not paying attention to either Condell or the UKIP.Hi there I'm using ISPConfg 2.2.18 with 3 resellers and about 200 domains. Everything works okay, but a newly created domain does not allow login from webmail. I'm using default uebimiau for webmail interface, and it works well with the rest of the domains. The IMAP and POP3 services accept my login and passwd, the /mailuser app works too, but uebimiau gives me next message: "You cannot login with the username and password entered." Can I check any uebimiau config? Thanks in advance IvanPONTIAC, Mich. - A West Bloomfield, Mich., grandmother will spend 20 to 40 years in prison for shooting her grandson to death, the equivalent of a life sentence for the 75-year-old retired teacher.
Sandra Layne, shackled in orange jail garb and surrounded by deputies, was sentenced Thursday in Oakland County Circuit Court here.
It brings to a close a case that garnered national attention and tore apart a family already teetering on the edge.
In handing down the sentence, Judge Denise Langford Morris called it a tragic case. She said a lot of unanswered questions remain, but what troubled her was why Layne didn't call police first that day or leave and why she kept shooting 17-year-old Jonathan Hoffman.
"There are a lot of questions in this case," Langford Morris said. "Grandmothers are supposed to be protected. And grandmothers are supposed to protect."
Layne, who had no prior criminal record, was convicted March 19 of second-degree murder in the case.
As Layne sat trembling, the judge continued, "Why did you keep shooting him, and how did you keep shooting him? You didn't have to keep shooting him."
Layne quietly told the court Thursday that she loved her grandson. She talked of how Hoffman changed when he started using drugs and said his parents wouldn't come help her despite her pleas.
"If I could go back, I never would have let him come here. I would have said to his parents, 'He's your responsibility," she said crying. "I don't want to die in jail or prison. Oh, God. Oh, God, I don't know what to say. I'm so sorry."
Layne said she feels pain every day for what happened.
"I love Jon," she said. "I love him to this very moment."
Layne's daughter and Jonathan Hoffman's mother, Jennifer Hoffman, spoke minutes earlier about the special bond she had with her son and asked the court for a harsh sentence.
Breaking down at times, Jennifer Hoffman talked of the milestones in her son's life that she will never see, such as high school graduation and him having his own children. She said she now must mark his birthdays at his grave.
She also noted the terror her son must have felt as he was dying, killed by a person he had loved.
A prosecutor read a statement from Jonathan Hoffman's father, Michael Hoffman. The father said in the statement that his family is profoundly hurt, and he talked of listening to a horrific 911 recording in which Layne shot his son again.
"He was a gentle and loving soul," Michael Hoffman said, also asking for harsh punishment. "I miss my son every day."
Layne shot Jonathan Hoffman six times during the course of several minutes on the afternoon of May 18, tracking him upstairs and downstairs in her upscale condominium.
Layne's defense lawyer, Jerome Sabbota, argued that Layne acted in self-defense that day after her grandson attacked her. He told the court Layne doesn't deserve to be in prison for the rest of her life.
Langord Morris's sentence exceeded the recommended guidelines of 12 to 20 years. After the sentencing was announced, Layne turned to look at her daughter, Jennifer Hoffman, who grinned widely and gave her the thumbs up.
Outside the courtroom, Jennifer Hoffman, smiling into a hoard of reporters and cameras said, "Everything she said in her statement was a lie. She is a complete narcissist and a liar. I wish I had seen signs of how evil she was before I left her with my son."
The 17-year-old had been living with Layne and her 87-year-old husband, Fred, since August 2011 because his divorced parents had moved to Arizona. Jonathan Hoffman had wanted to finish high school in Michigan. His younger sister, Jessica, was undergoing treatment in Arizona for a brain tumor.
Fred Layne was in court Thursday for the sentencing, surrounded by supporters, and appeared to break down as his wife spoke.
Trouble started by early 2012 when Jonathan Hoffman began using drugs. He was hospitalized in March after ingesting hallucinogenic mushrooms. Police searched his car at the time and discovered more drugs, records show. He was charged with drug possession in that case and another in early April after police found more drugs in is car.
According to testimony during Layne's two-week trial, Jonathan Hoffman was growing more violent in the months leading up to his death, smashing computer screens and kicking in doors. Weeks before he was killed, Layne called 911 to report that her grandson was out of control. Police arrived to calm the situation.
On April 18, 2012, Layne sought a permit to carry a handgun, and bought a 9 mm Glock on April 27.
On the morning of May 18, Jonathan Hoffman underwent a court-ordered drug screening and tested positive for Spice, a synthetic marijuana. He then yelled at his grandmother that he refused to go to jail over the drug charge.
During the trial, prosecutors presented a 911 call the 17-year-old made, telling the operator that his grandmother had shot him.
"I'm going to die," he said, followed by the sound of gunfire as Layne shot him again.
Read the original story: Grandma, 75, gets 20 to 40 years for killing grandsonClosing in on the end of Better Hearing & Speech Month (BHSM) and it’s been amazing to see all the online buzz focused on hearing and speech! There have been hundreds of tweets, many blog posts, and equally many Facebook posts highlighting facts about BHSM. Here are just a few of the many great posts we noticed from this past week:
- The Childcare Education Institute’s May Newsletter focuses on Linguistic and Auditory Development in honor of BHSM.
- On the Kids Enabled blog, Heidi S. Liefer, MS, MS, CCC-SLP, BRS-S, CLC, explains what it means to be an SLP.
- On the Illuminate blog, Holle Aungst, AuD, shares some signs that your child may have a hearing loss.
- The Sante Pediatric Services blog focuses on the important role SLPs and audiologists play in helping people communicate.
- And of course we at ASHA have been busy this month. A recent press release reminds parents and teachers about the key role SLPs can play in helping students with communication difficulties deal with bullying. We also launched a new campaign this month, Speak Up About Hearing Loss, to encourage older Americans to seek treatment for hearing loss.
Also, congratulations to the 2012 BHSM Drawing Contest winners! The drawing above was the first place winner, done by Aiza Javaid, age 6, from Aldie, Virginia.
Thanks to all who commented on the week 1 , week 2 and week 3 roundup posts–please continue to share other BHSM blog posts and other resources in the comments.
Maggie McGary is the online community & social media manager at ASHA, and manages ASHAsphere.
Latest CommentsHopefully 4.3 will introduce the sleep notification, or the always listening function
Whats the "sleep notification" man?
I think what that means is this:
So Droid-life sends out a tweet asking if you would be disappointed if the custom stuff was exclusive to AT&T. Either they are just asking or they are hearing something?
Would you care?
surely any exclusive features would be easily port-able to other carrier versions? wont all the Xs have the same hardware?
He also said it might just be white and black for Verizon.
I personally liked the white one Eric had so I would probably just go with that. But exclusives like this don't do the customers any good so im against it.
Maybe this is for in store only because if Motorola sold the x on their site I would think you would have options.
They would have their ads saying personalize like never before if it was just for one carrier.
I wouldn't be disappointed, I liked the white one, sexy.
Have you heard the one about the dogs?
Anyway, for rooters, there's just about no such thing as exclusive software. Some. Not lots.
For covers, I doubt it's true.
I haven't seen that rumor at all. Everything i've seen points to typical device pricing. Meaning 199ish on contract and probably 499-599 off contract. Also Apple has for years used lower spec hardware yet achieved a smooth user experience, reason is because the foundation OS is very optimized and smooth. We all know that Android OS isn't there yet, even in it's vanilla form. So no matter what kind of cool User Experience features you put on top of it, the underlying issue of the Android OS at it's heart not being as optimized as it needs to be will still screw things up. You can't polish a turd. With the exception of the camera software. We all know stock Android Camera software sucks. Companies like Sammy and HTC actually have some good camera apps, but the lag that you see even in those apps is because of the underlying Android that it's running on.
I couldn't care less about that. Honestly if i were to buy one i would just stick with one of the in store colors anyways.
The 299 price rumor was prevalent for a while.
I don't think that the blogosphere reads as much as regurgitates.
My earlier post linked the WSJ article everyone is supposedly quoting.
Problem is, the WSJ never made those price claims.
They simply said it was a new top end phone that ought be compared - as a device - to the iPhone or the Samsung.
In a separate sentence, they stated what the prices of those phones were in US dollars, 199/contract, 599/off.
And the article came from WSJ India.
And I think that it was presented as investor news. Not 100% sure, but it's the WSJ.
I've yet to find the inside info /price leak on the WSJ web that the blogosphere claims to exist.
I have seen a lot of nonsense about how expensive the phone will be to build here and even further nonsense that it won't be built here, just assembled.
Once upon a time, the Android blogosphere was silly in that every new phone was met with, if I may anthropomorphize, "Hey everyone, look who's here! "
Now it's silly like this - "Well, look at Mr. New Phone. Who does he think he is? "
I'm sure that they may feel justified, smarter and high and mighty.
I'm also sure that there's a name for that behavior.
Moto X price? Anyone's opinion is as good or better than mine.
But subsidized phone, WSJ and a whole lot more are not supported by any evidence that I can find.
Samsung S4 Lines Up iPhone 5S And Moto X For Price War - Forbes
The speculation continues, this was on Forbes on Friday last week. So we'll see. With iPhone 5S looming and the success of the SGS4, it only makes sense that if they use mid-range hardware, they are going for the lower price. No matter how cool the software is, selling it comparable to other flagship phones.
In my opinion I think US $300 off contract sounds pretty fair. If Google Motorola can create a not to scary price ($599...yikes) then those sales should be fairly high (also considering that they actually use the rumored $500 million on advertising). As far as customization goes I can almost guarentee that is an online ordering type of thing. I would like to buy the moto x because I feel like it is a new chapter for Motorola and google, but... if Google approaches the build to this phone like they did the nexus 4 (because they poked their head in every now and then) I just can buy it. I would like to see SIM card support, MicroSD card support, and a removable back cover (it can only add to customization like switching between different color backs...). Meet those requirements, especially SD card support and you have yourself a customer. Also in case nobody mentioned anything, the home, back, and recents panel buttons will all be a part of the OS like on the galaxy nexus and nexus 4.
I read a few rumours that its gona be around
You might want to sit a little further back in your seat. It's only the middle of July
This is all relatively tame compared to how the pre-release thread for the Gnex went. What a rowdy time that was, eh?
July 23rd Verizon event. Should be for the Droid phones. At least those will be out of the way. I've been waiting on those and the X.
So many phones... so little money
I only need to upgrade once every 2 years. Heck, it takes me a year to figure the phone out, get the thing rooted, ROMmed and set up just the way I want it. No doubt VZW will make my decision-making easy by NOT carrying a lot of the phones I want
So considering the Moto X is assembled in the USA, I bet if you called up Ben Bernanke and asked if he could send a few hundred of the QE money, and pointed out it would be stimulating the country, I'm sure he'd do it... There, no more money issues.
I would respond by saying something about applying for federal research grants while the money's obviously there for it, but we're getting into P&CA and I really don't want to delete my own posts and give myself infraction points
What actually is an "infraction point"?? Can a mod give me one please just so i have one?
I see it kinda like a scar... a man should have at least one good scar
Infraction points can accumulate until you lose posting privileges.
Learn to live with disappointment.
I checked the bucket and none had your name on 'em.
On the other hand i have plenty of scars if you want some.
We're keeping score? Can I check my own infraction points? lol
Ok, need y'all to look over here -
Spoiler
Forget all about infraction points...
Think about the Moto X...
Thanks!
Separate names with a comma.Last week, Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed bipartisan legislation to reduce preventable overdose fatalities, making New York the most recent — and largest — state to enact such a law. Called 911 Good Samaritan, the law encourages people to call for emergency services in the event of an overdose. In his message approving the legislation, Cuomo outlined why a health-based approach was needed. “The benefit to be gained by the bill — saving lives — must be paramount,” he wrote.
Such measures are desperately needed. New York is among the many states where accidental overdose deaths outnumber automobile-related fatalities. In New York City, accidental drug overdose is the third leading cause of all death among residents ages 25 to 34, while Long Island averages nearly one overdose death every day. In short, accidental overdose is a huge, silent crisis in New York and across the United States. But most of these deaths are preventable.
Most drug overdoses occur in the home and in the presence of others..
There was broad, bipartisan support for the bill from parents, student and community groups, and health experts from around the state — in urban, suburban, and rural areas alike. The bill sponsors — Sen. John DeFrancisco, R-Syracuse, and Assembly member Dick Gottfried, D-Manhattan — were joined by the most progressive and most conservative of co-sponsors, and the legislation passed unanimously in the Senate and near-unanimously in the Assembly.
Similar laws have been passed in other States. Landmark 911 Good Samaritan legislation became law in New Mexico in 2007; Washington State enacted its law in 2010, and Connecticut passed its own Good Samaritan law this spring. Other states — such as California, Illinois and Nebraska — are considering similar measures. New York — in addition to being the largest state to enact such a measure — also holds the distinction of passing the most progressive measure of its kind in the country, making it a model for other states.
“No one should go to jail for trying to save a life,” said Hiawatha Collins, a leader and board member of VOCAL-NY, one of the many groups that worked with the Drug Policy Alliance in advocating for the reforms. “This law will help make sure that calling 911 is the first thing someone does if they witness an overdose — not worry about what the cops will do. New York is making clear that saving lives needs to be our priority, not locking people up.”
Gabriel Sayegh is New York state director of the Drug Policy Alliance,.Tokyo Species – Adult Film Aliens
If you think about it, Species, the smash hit sci-fi horror movie about a supermodel alien who has to mate (i.e., do it) with an Earth dude, should’ve been X-rated. By cutting out the close-ups of the alien’s Uranus and just keeping the boobs and butts, they got an R-rating, which went a long way to scoring over $113 million smackaloons at the box office. If Species was X-rated, though, it could’ve made one hundred trillion dollars.
Natasha Henstridge played the alien in human form, and had no problem taking her clothes off for the betterment of science. Now, 17 years later, the movie is getting the proper treatment in the X-rated loose remake, Tokyo Species, starring 25 year-old adult film thespian, Maria Ozawa. There are not enough poems in the world to express my happiness right now.
Maria, daughter of a Japanese woman and a Canadian dude (hold the jokes, you insensitive jokesters), is best known for her dramatic role in 2009’s Monster Swallowing Ecstasy and the just-released Erotibot (2011), another X-rated sci-fi film, this one involving pleasure robots designed to improve the quality of life for the starring actresses.
In Tokyo Species, whose trailer is not suitable for viewing at work, church, or the family breakfast table, Maria stars as a Japanese schoolgirl who appears to commit suicide by jumping off a building or a really tall building shaped ladder. As she’s lying on the ground in total disrepair, an alien finds its way into her body (they didn’t show that part, but one can only theorize as to the entry portal), and becomes the host for a creature that needs to mate – often. And in the middle of said act of shame, sprouts a spear-like alien tentacle that pokes new portals in your face, back, front, and south of the belt buckle equator.
You’ll need to be 18 years or older to rent/buy/watch/lather/rinse/repeat Tokyo Species. Even though it looks to have a lot of replay value, wait until you’re old enough so as to not break any interplanetary laws.
January 29, 2012 at 2:52 am
where can i get this film?
September 30, 2014 at 5:02 pm
Will Tojo species play in region 1 players, or do I need a region free player. The items on Amazon need a region free player. Where can I find a copy that plays in my player?
Thanks
October 1, 2014 at 9:26 pm
Your guess is as good as mine – I thought Amazon had that region covered. Maybe track it down on eBay Japan (I’ve found some really cool Godzilla stuff on there).Trivia games are a lot of fun. You'd have to be a very unusual type of person to not enjoy them. I've always been a fan of game shows such as Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy, Millionaire, and the horde of other trivia shows TV has seen over the years. Playing trivia games with friends, usually a Milton-Bradley product of some sort, is always fun, too. But the days of picking out and reading trivia cards are long gone, as products such as Buzz! are here to make the experience much more interactive, realistic, and fun.
  Buzz!, like Singstar, is Sony's other party franchise, but it deals with trivia questions across a variety of different categories. The game in question is The Hollywood Quiz, the latest entry the series has seen. It's recently arrived in North America, and continues to grow the PlayStation 2's library. Unlike a lot of last push efforts many consoles get, games like Buzz! are actually a lot more fun than you'd imagine, and certainly worth your attention.
  Much like Singstar, Buzz's visual layout is very easy to navigate through and shouldn't cause anybody frustration. Ultimately, it's the trivia questions that hold the fate of them, and I must say that Relentless have done a fine job in this regard. As opposed to getting a slew of generic and easy questions, your knowledge of the movie biz is tested with much more in-depth bits of trivia.
  So as not to be overwhelming difficult, you will still find a good dose of trivia that you're very familiar with, helping you to score some easy points. If you're a frequent movie watcher, movie goer, Hollywood critic, and in general find interest in the movie industry, this iteration of Buzz will likely strike a chord with you.
  As you play the game, often times questions will be paired with pictures or a movie clip, of which there are hundreds of in the game. It makes the experience of Buzz that much more engaging for the gamers. As you stroll through the questions, you will enter a variety of different phases, or rounds, just like you would in a real game show. While playing, you'll also be encouraged to secure the money you've won, and starting from scratch all over again. This is important, because if you feel the questions getting harder, and you've got a large pot of points won, you will lose them all if you answer wrong. So after a decent roll, it's a good idea to bank your money for the future rounds.
  The Fastest Finger round is self-explanatory, buzz in first to answer; faster answers mean more points. Fact or Fiction is a round of true or false, it will list a question pertaining to a rumor or gossip, and you'll have to say whether it was fact or fiction. The Top Rank phase will have you putting answers into a necessary order. The Rollover round allows the worst player to select a question from a category (like Jeopardy); if they get the question wrong, they risk the chance of losing all of their points to the person who gets the next question right.
  In the Pie Fight round, the first person to buzz in and answer a question correctly gets to throw a pie at a rival of choice. Getting hit with enough pies can eliminate you from the game. In Point Stealer, you watch as a picture and question appear first, with the answer choices appearing later. If you answer right, you're able to steal 500 points from an opponent of choice. But if you're wrong, you're eliminated.
  The Final Countdown is, obviously, the final round. Now all your points are transformed into time. This round is a lot more fast paced than any other. When you answer a question right, the time stops decreasing briefly. If you get a question wrong, you lose time. On the other hand, if you answer it correctly lightning fast, you get a time bonus. So as you can see, the objective here is to be the last one standing with time left on your ticker.
  If you're paired against a worthy opponent, the Final Countdown can often become very epic, and very tense. So if you've got a crowd around you, expect a lot of noise, consisting of cheers and the disappointed, heart-breaking "Oh!!" shout. Up to eight players can partake, but the package comes with four buzzers out of the box, which is enough to get a party going. You can always form partnerships and switch between rounds, or share a buzzer.
  There's a wide variety of ways that you can play Buzz! Hollywood Quiz, and chances are, no matter how you play it, you're still going to end up having a lot of fun. With 5000 trivia questions in total (don't worry, the game's host reads them all for you), it's unlikely that you're going to memorize all of the answers, and in turn feel bored. This is a game that should keep you, and your friends, going for a rather long time."But June 14, 1980, to loyal Mets fans of the day, was like finding a $10 bill in the street. It came out of nowhere, would be spent quickly with little to show for it, and did nothing to keep the wallet full. Yet everyone once in a while, you thought about the moment you looked down and it appeared out of nowhere. This Magic Moment."Thanks to the Jekyll-and-Hyde nature of the Mets in 2010, we sometimes mix up the team's recent play with why we joined Metsopotamia in the first place. Whether we're bowing down before the Baharajah or irritated by Igarashi, many fans either inherited or decided to adopt the team's history and heritage and all the baggage that comes with it. Even when we're overly critical as the team's armchair quarterback, we appreciate more about the Mets than whether they just completed their first sweep of an AL team since interleague play commenced in 1997.
-Matthew Silverman, remembering a brief highlight of Steve Henderson's tenure with the Mets in 100 Things Mets Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die
Matthew Silverman takes that appreciation one step further by documenting that significant historical footnotes of our beloved team in 100 Things Mets Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die.Silverman, who you may know from from his personal blog MetSilverman as well as the numerical Mets tribute site known as Mets by the Numbers, compiled the top 100 moments remaining on a need-to-know basis for Mets fans young and old. From Buckner to Shea Stadium to the aforementioned Hendu and all the personalities, places, and past performances transpiring on our watch, Silverman delivers a healthy dose of Mets history which any fan can access to enhance their appreciation of the team's history and heartaches.
100 Things Mets Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die, now in its second iteration, covers the team's history from several perspectives that demonstrate how the history means more than just the games. Silverman mixes the in-game episodes like the Black Cat, the Grand Slam Single, and the first game at Shea with historical footnotes like Banner Day, the Beatles, the Jets, and WFAN. The list tips its cap to the Shea Goodbye ceremony, seeing the Mets on the road, and how the jerseys changed over time. Whatever brings you back for Mets baseball will quickly manifest itself in the Silverman's list.
Of course, readers should not forget that the selections made for 100 Things constitute the list of the author and his experiences following the team. It's clear that Silverman's golden era of Mets history takes place from the Dave Kingman era to the '86 World Series Champs. The co-owner of the team's single-season HR record, Todd Hundley (who shares that title with Carlos Beltran) gets nothing more than a passing mention in the book, as does the likes of Marvelous Marv Throneberry, Anthony Young, and Joel Youngblood. As is the nature of a subjective list of 100 things, something needs to come in at 101 and not everyone will agree with the order.
While your personal favorite Mets moment may be missing in 100 Things, that immediately becomes the book's greatest strength. You can't help but ask yourself about the missing contents or whether certain stories require more emphasis than others. It's a jumping-off point; a place for you to start digging into the Mets experience and how the Mets as we know them came to be. If you know nothing about Mets history, Silverman will teach you. If you have a good grasp of all things Mets, then Silverman helps you put it in perspective.
Silverman starts the list for you. It's up to you to revise it accordingly.
You can pick up a copy of 100 Things Mets Fans Should Know and Do Before They Die at Barnes
& Noble, Amazon.com,
your local bookstore, or pick up two copies so you can debate about the list's exclusions on Father's Day with Dad.
------
Around the Web
- In the interests of full disclosure, I received an unsolicited review copy of 100 Things in the mail. Regardless, it was already sitting squarely on my Amazon wish list.
- The Star-Ledger's Steve Politi uncovers in a recent Q&A that New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is a devout Mets fan. I can't vote for Christie since I hang my hat in New York, but that sort of trivia makes winning my vote a little easier.
- Faith and Fear in Flushing's Greg Prince pays homage to the one-year anniversary of Luis Castillo's "Two Hands!" gaffe at Yankee Stadium by appreciating his current replacement.
- It's official: MLB.com's Pete Kerzel says the Mets placed Gary Matthews Jr. on release waivers on Saturday. Andy Martino of the NY Daily News states that the Mets only came to acquire Matthews after a proposed Lowell-Matthews swap fell apart due to injury. Eh, Minaya took a shot and failed. I didn't like the move, but at least the team managed to cut bait once it became clear Matthews had nothing left to give.
- Newsday's David Lennon recognizes Jason Bay's contributions as a whole despite his alleged power outage. Sure, they overpaid him a bit and he'll only become more of a liability in left field over the next few seasons. Where would the Mets be without him, though?
- The Happy Recap Radio Show catches up with MLB.com's Bryan Hoch about the upcoming Subway Series. Hoch covers the Yankees for MLB.com, but broke through as the godfather of Mets blogs (which includes his tenure as your inaugural Always Amazin' fan blogger). Talk about cognitive dissonance.Analyst J Gold and Associates has come out with a prediction that Symbian and Android will begin merging into one open source OS within 3-6 months, and it’s gotten a fair bit of airplay. The reasons?
— “Google’s (NSDQ: GOOG) investment in Android is “diluting the potential for it [Google] to build compelling cross-device applications where it can generate substantial revenues”.
— Symbian could get some cred with the open source community.
— Fewer platforms for the market, which would benefit everybody.
“A combination of the Android and Symbian efforts would be good for the industry, good for Google and good for Symbian,” J. Gold said. “It would also help spur a growth in the availability of applications and services. The downside is minimal. Everyone wins,” reports Information Week. It’s true that Symbian does need to attract unpaid developers to its open source effort, and it’s also true that Symbian CEO Nigel Clifford said that the organization would be happy to work with Google “on the application level orJames B. Byrne wrote: >. Why not run it in fully virtualized mode instead of paravirtualized? Does your CPU lack the instruction set needed for full virtualization under Xen? I've never used Xen myself, followed it off and on and at least for me it's never looked interesting enough to pull me away from vmware. Now it looks like Red hat has woken up and seen it is a dead end too and is moving to KVM as you mentioned. nateRisk Management Technology
March 10th, 2014 Derivative Path Selects Reval for Hedge Accounting Technology-led Derivative Services Provider to Offer Clients Award-Winning Capabilities
March 5th, 2014 SIX Financial Information enhances Evaluated Pricing Service with auction rate securities valuations from Pluris
March 4th, 2014 SimCorp Dimension Version 5.5 Releases to Equip Front Office with New Risk and Performance Insight
February 25th, 2014 Globit Partners with Numerix to Provide an Integrated Software Solution for the Pricing and Selling of FX Derivatives
February 20th, 2014 SuperDerivatives to provide volatility data to NYSE Liffe’s flexible FTSE 100 Index Options (FLX)
February 19th, 2014 Horizon Software presents its new pre-trade risk management system specifically designed for algorithmic trading
February 19th, 2014 Pricing Partners published White Paper on Weak Approximation of Averaged Diffusion Processes
February 6th, 2014 Advent Software Collaborates with FINCAD to Enhance Derivative Valuation and Risk Management Capabilities
January 13th, 2014 KPN Selects Reval for Treasury and Risk Management
Pages
Top Stories
- Georgia unemployment rate remains steady from March to April
- Field of crosses near mall featured
- Schedule announced for next weekend's Briar Patch fest
- Albany-Dougherty Police/Fire/EMS reports - May 20 - 21, 2015
- Religion Bulletin - May 22, 2015
- Albany Almanac - May 22, 2015
- Squawk of the Day - May 22, 2015
Featured Stories
Top Sports Storiesperiod.
In the terrific ordeal and risk entailed by the daring and fatal parachute descent of Cocking, Green required an assistant of exceptional nerve and reliability, and, as has been recorded, his choice at once fell on Edward Spencer. In this choice it has already been shown that he was well justified, and in the trying circumstances that ensued Green frankly owns that it was his competent companion who was the first to recover himself. A few years later, when a distinguished company, among whom were Albert Smith and Shirley Brooks, made a memorable ascent from Cremorne, Edward Spencer is one of the select party.
Some account of this voyage should be given, and it need not be said that no more graphic account is to be found than that given by the facile pen of Albert Smith himself. His personal narrative also forms an instructive contrast to another which he had occasion to give to the world shortly afterwards, and which shall be duly noticed. The enthusiastic writer first describes, with apparent pride, the company that ascended with him. Besides Mr. Shirley Brooks, there were Messrs. Davidson, of the Garrick Club; Mr. John Lee, well known in theatrical circles; Mr. P. Thompson, of Guy's Hospital, and others - ten in all, including Charles Green as skipper, and Edward Spencer, who, sitting in the rigging, was entrusted with the all-important management of the valve rope.
"The first sensation experienced," Albert Smith continues, "was not that we were rising, but that the balloon remained fixed, whilst all the world below was rapidly falling away; while the cheers with which they greeted our departure grew fainter, and the cheerers themselves began to look like the inmates of many sixpenny Noah's Arks grouped upon a billiard table.... Our hats would have held millions.... And most strange is the roar of the city as it comes surging into the welkin as though the whole metropolis cheered you with one voice.... Yet none beyond the ordinary passengers are to be seen. The noise is as inexplicable as the murmur in the air at hot summer noontide."
The significance of this last remark will be insisted on when the writer has to tell his own experiences aloft over London, as also a note to the effect that there were seen "large enclosed fields and gardens and pleasure grounds where none were supposed to exist by ordinary passengers." Another interesting note, having reference to a once familiar feature on the river, now disappearing, related to the paddle boats of those days, the steamers making a very beautiful effect, "leaving two long wings of foam behind them similar to the train of a table rocket." Highly suggestive, too, of the experiences of railway travellers in the year 1847 is the account of the alighting, which, by the way, was obviously of no very rude nature. "Every time," says the writer, "the grapnel catches in the ground the balloon is pulled up suddenly with a shock that would soon send anybody from his seat, a jerk like that which occurs when fresh carriages are brought up to a railway train." But the concluding paragraph in this rosy narrative affords another and a very notable contrast to the story which that same writer had occasion to put on record before that same year had passed.
"We counsel everybody to go up in a balloon... In spite of the apparent frightful fragility of cane and network nothing can in reality be more secure... The stories of pressure on the ears, intense cold, and the danger of coming down are all fictions.... Indeed, we almost wanted a few perils to give a little excitement to the trip, and have some notion, if possible, of going up the next time at midnight with fireworks in a thunderstorm, throwing away all the ballast, fastening down the valve, and seeing where the wind will send us."default search action
International Journal of Parallel Programming, Volume 19
Volume 19, Number 1, February 1990
- John H. Reif, Scott A. Smolka:
Data flow analysis of distributed communicating processes. 1-30
- Russell M. Clapp, Trevor N. Mudge, Donald C. Winsor:
Cache coherence requirements for interprocess rendezvous. 31-51
- Rajiv Gupta, Michael Epstein:
High speed synchronization of processors using fuzzy barriers. 53-73
Volume 19, Number 2, April 1990
- Duane A. Bailey, Janice E. Cuny, Craig P. Loomis:
ParaGraph: Graph editor support for parallel programming environments. 75-110
- Raymond Greenlaw, Lawrence Snyder:
Achieving speedups for APL on an SIMD distributed memory machine. 111-127
- Khayri A. M. Ali, Roland Karlsson:
The muse approach to Or-parallel prolog. 129-162
Volume 19, Number 3, June 1990
- Manuel E. Bermudez, Richard E. Newman-Wolfe, George Logothetis:
Parallel construction of SLR (1) and LALR (1) parsers. 163-184
- Soumitra Sengupta, Arthur J. Bernstein:
Concurrency control optimizations in a prolog database. 185-211
- Frank Dehne, Quoc T. Pham, Ivan Stojmenovic:
Optimal visibility algorithms for binary images on the hypercube. 213-224
- Boris D. Lubachevsky:
Synchronization barrier and related tools for shared memory parallel programming. 225-250
Volume 19, Number 4, August 1990
- Laxmikant V. Kalé, Vikram A. Saletore:
Parallel state-space search for a first solution with consistent linear speedups. 251-293
- Oscar H. Ibarra, Michael A. Palis:
An efficient all-parses systolic algorithm for general context-free parsing. 295-331
- Laurent Langlois:
Systolic parsing of context-free languages. 333-355
Volume 19, Number 5, October 1990
- Carole M. McNamee, Ronald A. Olsson:
Transformations for optimizing interprocess communication and synchronization mechanisms. 357-387
- Rok Sosic, Richard F. Riesenfeld:
Parallel algorithms for line generation. 389-404
- Douglas M. Blough, Nader Bagherzadeh:
Near-optimal message routing and broadcasting in faulty hypercubes. 405-423
Volume 19, Number 6, December 1990
- Khayri A. M. Ali, Roland Karlsson:
Full prolog and scheduling or-parallelism in muse. 445-475
- Michael D. Rice:
Semantics for data parallel computation. 477-509
- Gary Lindstrom:
Sans pareil: Referees. 511-512Mid-Michigan Solar Company Doing Big Things In State And Beyond
The SunPad trailer-mounted solar power plant from Albion-based Patriot Solar Group. (Photo: Patriot Solar)
ALBION — Albion-based Patriot Solar Group has rolled out the SunPad trailer, a rugged, off-road capable solar power unit that literally gives you power on the go.
The unit can store 1,800 amp-hours of power in a 48-volt battery pack. It has a built-in inverter to convert the power to AC, and 110-volt and 220-volt outlets.
How much power does the unit pack? Enough to run most of a house in a power outage, Patriot Solar public relations manager Samuel Jaquette said, and plenty to run power tools at a remote job site.
“I took it to a zero emissions festival in Ann Arbor a week or two ago and powered up a soundstage for a whole day, as well as a deep freezer for a food vendor and a pizza oven for a pizza guy,” Jaquette said. “It has enough power for major appliances and tools.”
The unit also is on a rugged, off-road capable trailer, with a fully independent trailing arm suspension system, combined with 35 x 12.5 aggressive tires with 30-mile run-flat capability. The trailer is configured to be Humvee-compatible with no modifications.
The unit isn’t cheap, at about $30,000, but government rebates may cover more than 50 percent of the cost depending on where you live.
Potantial markets for the SunPad include the military, construction companies, farm applications, and off-the-grid vacation areas.
Various configurations of the unit offer a mast height of 4.5 to 9 meters, four to eight exterior lights and two to four solar panels.
More at.A spring storm that's left roads slippery across Michigan has shattered seasonal snowfall records in Detroit and Flint.
The National Weather Service says as of 6 a.m. Tuesday 3.1 inches fell at Detroit Metropolitan Airport in Romulus, pushing the seasonal total to 94.8 inches. That exceeded the previous Detroit seasonal record of 93.6 inches from the winter of 1880-1881.
As of 2 a.m. Tuesday, eight-tenths of an inch fell in Flint, pushing the seasonal total to 83.4 inches. That exceeded the previous Flint seasonal record of 82.9 inches from the winter of 1974-1975.
The spring snow came after a weather roller coaster Monday, with rivers overflowing their banks, hundreds of thousands of people losing power and mid-70s temperatures in some parts of the state tumbling below freezing by Tuesday morning.
Metro Detroit forecast
We did it!
This is now the snowiest season ever in Detroit history. We received 3.1” of snow overnight bringing the total to 94.8” and shattering the old record of 93.6” back in 1880/1881. Snow is and always has been measured July to July, year to year. 2013/2014 will go down in history with a Passover/Tax Day snow storm that put us in the record books.
A few light, scattered snow showers and flurries will come and go through the early afternoon. Highs will only hit the mid to upper 30s later this afternoon and the winds NW 10-20 mph may gust near 30 mph at times. Those winds bring those periodic lake effect snow showers or flurries and keep wind chills in the teens to mid 20s. Bundle up!
We’ll start to warm up a bit Wednesday with mid 40s and a nicer mix of sun and clouds. Clouds will fill in through the afternoon capping temps below average. But, prepare for morning lows near 20° and wind chills in the teens at best early tomorrow. We will get back to normal near 60° by Thursday and Friday.
The next weather maker heading into SE Michigan will bring on and off rain showers on Friday. Easter weekend looks mainly dry right now with temps in the mid to upper 50s. We will keep you updated all week for any changes with the big holiday weekend.Interest Level
Grades 3 - 5
Reading Level
Grade level Equivalent: 5.1
Lexile® Measure: 640L
DRA: 40
Guided Reading: S
Genre
- General Fiction
- Horror and Supernatural
- Science Fiction and Fantasy
Theme/Subject
- Character and Values
- Culture and Diversity
- European
About This Book.
Items Added to Cart:
1 Paperback
2 Hardcover
1 Teacher's Edition
$48.99 SubtotalMala half of the revered dubstep duo Digital Mystikz, producer, DJ, label owner, and Londoner Mala. Throughout the 2000s and beyond, Digital Mystikz and DMZ.
Top álbumes
Nombre de nacimiento:
Mark Lawrence
Género
Años de actividad:
'00s, '10sAbout the Contributor
About DVSTweak101:
Greetings. I'm Christy. And I'm just a thirteen year old who finds writing a way of expressing myself without seeming like a total doofus. I don't plan on becoming an author. But it'd still be an utter dream come true to have a book published.NFL Network's Emmy-nominated series "A Football Life" recently profiled a talented 1993 Houston Oilers team that devolved over a season filled with turmoil, dysfunction and heartbreak.
As it turns out, that checkered season also might have featured a pair of gay teammates. Although the two players never came out of the closet, according to a Thursday story in the Houston Chronicle, it seems that they were not alienated.
"Listen, those guys that we're talking about were unbelievable teammates," Pro Bowl linebacker Lamar Lathon said, via the Chronicle. "And if you wanted to go to war with someone, you would get those guys first. Because I have never seen tougher guys than those guys.
"And everybody in the locker room, the consensus knew or had an idea that things were not exactly right," Lathon went on. "But guess what? When they strapped the pads on and got on the field, man, we were going to war with these guys because they were unbelievable."
Lathon's use of the phrase "things were not exactly right" belies a more enlightened approach than one might expect from a locker room full of jocks in the early 1990s.
"Everybody knew certain guys (were gay). Everybody speculated and people used to see these two guys come in by themselves," safety Bubba McDowell said. "They'd leave at lunchtime and then come back."
We might never reach the point in which openly gay players are respected in all corners of the locker room. However, it's a promising sign that Lathon and McDowell agree it was "no big deal" to play next to and shower with a pair of gay teammates.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" delivered a Christmas gift, analyzing the chaotic playoff picture in both conferences.UTM – the buzzword Palo Alto won't cop to
The PA-4020 is indeed a unified threat management firewall, even if Palo Alto Networks would like to pretend it isn't. Because it's a firewall with integrated VPN, intrusion prevention and detection, URL filtering, anti-virus/anti-spyware, and file blocking, the PA-4020 fits squarely into the definition of a UTM firewall.
The PA-4020 is indeed a unified threat management firewall, even if Palo Alto Networks would like to pretend it isn't. Because it's a firewall with integrated VPN, intrusion prevention and detection, URL filtering, antivirus/antispyware and file blocking, the PA-4020 fits squarely into the definition of a UTM firewall.
Of course, there are some important differences, largely because of the application visibility afforded by the PA-4020. For example, if you want to do antivirus scanning on many traditional UTM firewalls, you usually only have a limited selection of applications and ports. On the PA-4020, each access control rule in the firewall can have a set of UTM profiles attached, listing which applications are scanned for viruses, which for spyware, and which are eligible for file blocking. URL filtering configuration -- because it only applies to Web browsing -- and intrusion-detection/prevention system (IDS/IPS) rules are applied without specifying which application they use.
The additional flexibility in the PA-4020 UTM definitions can give better coverage than a typical UTM firewall. As we found in our UTM test late last year, out of 13 UTM firewalls, only one (SonicWall) was able to scan for viruses across all applications. The PA-4020 adds one more to that list: in our antivirus test, the PA-4020 was able to catch viruses it has signatures for across any Web session we set up, including encrypted ones — something even SonicWall can't do.
The magic caveat there is "has signatures for." We quickly discovered that the antivirus protection in the PA-4020 is not meant to be primary protection. We set the PA-4020 in parallel with our production antispam/antivirus gateway and watched the first 20 live viruses come into our network. The PA-4020 caught seven, a catch rate of only 35% compared with the Sophos AV scanner running on the e-mail gateway. Palo Alto confirmed that it doesn't intend the antivirus protection in the PA-4020 as primary protection.
We had better results in our UTM tests focusing on the IPS performance. Again repeating our UTM tests with client-centric and server-centric attacks, the PA-4020 caught an astonishingly high 89% of the client attacks, and 76% of the server attacks. These catch rates are higher than any of the UTM firewalls we tested last year. Although the PA-4020 IPS policy management is fairly weak, it's clear that the integrated IPS engine and signature database are fairly aggressive. Of course, an aggressive IPS engine has another potential problem: false positives and inappropriate traffic blocking. We found a number of false positives in reviewing results from using the PA-4020 on our production network. For example, the PA-4020 caused a service interruption by misidentifying normal traffic as a buffer overflow attack between our on-site and off-site DNS servers. We didn't, however, track any IPS false positives in client-to-server outbound traffic, again underscoring how tightly focused the PA-4020 is on protection of end users.
We didn't rigorously test the URL filtering part of the PA-4020 (provided by SurfControl), although we did catch some minor, and likely inconsequential, inconsistencies in the database. For example, some pages of a dating Web site were properly marked as "dating", while others on the same site were marked as "lingerie". We didn't find any problems with URL filtering that would keep the PA-4020 from being a primary protection in that area.
< Return to test: Palo Alto provides great visibility into network threats>
Learn more about this...- Reds lose 5th straight, 7-1 to RoyalsUpdated: May-21-15 12:26 am
KANSAS CITY, Missouri - While the Kansas City Royals are off to the best start in franchise history, the Cincinnati Reds are in a tailspin.
- Guthrie throws 6 scoreless innings; Royals top Reds 7-1Updated: May-21-15 12:14 am
KANSAS CITY, Missouri - The Kansas City Royals are off to the best start in franchise history.
- Price.
- Reds rookie righty Iglesias baffles Braves in 2-hit, 5-1 winUpdated: May-13-15 10:28 pm
CINCINNATI - Reds rookie Raisel Iglesias may have pitched his way on to the Reds' roster.
- Beckham's single lifts White Sox to 4-3 win over RedsUpdated: May-10-15 7:12 pm
CHICAGO - Gordon Beckham is going to have a memorable present for his mom for Mother's Day.
- White Sox 1B Abreu could play 3rd next week in MilwaukeeUpdated: May-08-15 9:05 pm
CHICAGO - White Sox slugger Jose Abreu could play his first major league game at third base next week in Milwaukee, and even he isn't sure how it will go.
- Reds-White Sox postponed by rainUpdated: May-08-15 9:00 pm
CHICAGO - Reds first baseman Joey Votto will have to wait another day to serve his first major league suspension.
-.
- Teheran sharp for 6 innings, Braves beat Cueto, RedsUpdated: May-03-15 6:03 pm
ATLANTA - A memorable afternoon for Kelly Johnson almost didn't happen.
- Lohse, Brewers snap 8-game losing streak, beat Reds 4-2Updated: Apr-23-15 5:36 pm
MILWAUKEE - Working quickly works best for Kyle Lohse..87
- 52 Week Hi: $65.52
- AUM: $3,373.8 M
- Shares: 52.7 M
- 1 Month Avg. Volume:568,826
- 3 Month Avg. Volume:633,352: May 04, 2015
Top Ten Holdings
- 7203 3.36%Toyota Motor Corp
- 005930 2.53%Samsung Electronics Co Ltd
- CBA 2.08%Commonwealth Bank of Australia
- WBC 1.67%Westpac Banking Corp
- 8306 1.59%Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc
- ANZ 1.39%Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd
- 01299 1.37%AIA Group Ltd
- BHP 1.36%BHP Billiton Ltd
- NAB 1.26%National Australia Bank Ltd
- 7267 1.06.32%
0.53%
Commission Free Trading in VPL
VPL is currently available for commission free trading on the following platforms: (Vanguard)
Category Commission Free Trading
There are 9: $63.98
- 60 Day MA: $62.72
- MACD 15 Period: 0.61
- MACD 100 Period: 3.48
- Williams % Range 10 Day: 5.23
- Williams % Range 20 Day: 39.67
- RSI 10 Day: 57
- RSI 20 Day: 57
- RSI 30 Day: 57
- Ultimate Oscillator: 60
VPL Bollinger Bands
- Lower Bollinger (10 Day): $62.97
- Upper Bollinger (10 Day): $64.73
- Lower Bollinger (20 Day): $62.53
- Upper Bollinger (20 Day): $65.44
- Lower Bollinger (30 Day): $62.61
- Upper Bollinger (30 Day): $65.24
VPL Support & Resistance
- Support Level 1: $64.16
- Support Level 2: $63.98
- Resistance Level 1: $64.46
- Resistance Level 2: $64.58
VPL Stochastic
- Stochastic Oscillator %D (1 Day): 61.69
- Stochastic Oscillator %D (5 Day): 76.38
- Stochastic Oscillator %K (1 Day): 59.54
- Stochastic Oscillator %K (5 Day): 74.03
- DBKO db X-trackers MSCI South Korea Hedged Equity Fund
- EPP iShares MSCI Pacific ex Japan.Spain and Italy will take part in Sunday's European Championship final at the gleaming Kiev Olympic Stadium, refurbished just in time for this summer's tournament.
It will be a far cry from the last time the two teams faced each other, just three weeks previously at the Gdansk Arena.
Then it was a 1-1 draw, marked by goals from Cesc Fabregas and Antontio di Natale. But perhaps more so because of the audacious formation (4-6-0) set forth by Spanish manager Vincente del Bosque, and the profligacy of Italian striker Mario Balotelli, who combined some superb bits of individual skill with what has become a standard inability to display any sense of urgency in front of the goal.
Oh, how things have changed in the four games each team has played since that Sunday.
Spain rolled through Ireland 4-0 before dispatching Croatia 1-0 in a nervy display that nearly saw the Croats take a second-half lead but for an ill-placed header from Ivan Rakitic off a sublime Luka Modric cross that fired right at keeper Iker Casillas, who parried the effort away to safety.
Emerging first from Group C with those seven points, Spain made short work of France in the quarterfinal, allowing Les Bleus just four shots on goal in an emphatic 2-0 victory marked by a Xabi Alonso brace on the day he celebrated his 100th cap in the national colors.
With a semifinal against their Iberian neighbors Portugal up next, some wondered whether Spain might be undone by manager Paulo Bento's impressive group, led by a Cristiano Ronaldo firing on all cylinders.
After a tense 0-0 battle that lasted 120 minutes, with Spain nearly finding the winner on at least two occasions during the extra periods (Andres Iniesta came desperately close), La Furia Roja emerged victorious in a tension-filled shootout that saw Ronaldo left off the list of penalty takers.
The main question now facing Del Bosque is whether he will start a striker against Italy, or remain with the midfield-heavy group that took the pitch on June 10.
It must be said that Spain have looked far more comfortable, and infinitely more dangerous, without a lead striker.
Alvaro Negredo, the Seville front man who enjoyed a terrific La Liga campaign in 2011-12 during which he scored 14 goals, was far too ineffective against Portugal, offering little more than the erratic Fernando Torres, who has coupled a stirring brace against Ireland with inexplicable bouts of inefficiency during the tournament he dominated in 2008.
A hint at the path Del Bosque might take against Cesare Prandelli's side might have come in the 54th minute of that Portugal match. That's when Del Bosque, fed up with Negredo's inability to amount to anything remotely resembling a dangerous attack against the central defensive pairing of Bruno Alves and Pepe, substituted Negredo for Fabregas.
A 4-6-0 might just be on the cards at the Olympic Stadium, and given Fabregas's fine form during these championships—he's scored two goals despite being forced to deal with erratic playing time as Del Bosque continually tinkers up front—one would think the Barcelona man has earned the right to a starting post.
The Italy-Spain faceoff on Sunday seems such a far cry from the question-riddled side that entered this summer's tournament.
Prandelli has taken one of World Cup 2010's biggest disappointments—Italy failed to make it past the group stage, flopping spectacularly against the likes of European rivals Slovakia—and transformed it into a cohesive unit steeped in defensive quality and practicality that is eerily reminiscent of the 2006 World Cup winners.
After the 1-1 draw against Spain, Italy did enough to earn another 1-1 tie with Croatia before seeing off Ireland 2-0 and grabbing second place in the group.
Italy dealt with penalties of their own against England in the quarters, dominating during normal time but never finding the goal that would see them through. While midfielder Andrea Pirlo's cheeky "panenka" penalty will be remembered most fervently, Gianlugi Buffon is also to be commended for his display during the Azzuri's win over the Three Lions.
Whereas they had been favorites against a decidedly poor England squad, Italy entered their semifinal against Germany—widely regarded as the best team in the tournament up to that point—as clear underdogs.
Thanks to one Mario Balotelli, however, they emerged 2-1 winners after the Manchester City striker unleashed a tremendous amount of quality to power a first-half brace that left Joachim Low's side shell-shocked, and pushed Italy into the ascendancy, where they remained, defensively compact as ever, until Mesut Ozil pulled back a consolation penalty in the game's dying seconds.
So now, the teams that met in their first group match meet again with far more on the line.
A lot changes in the course of 21 days. Spanish left-back Jordi Alba has become one of the players of the tournament, and has seen his stock rise exponentially. His just-finished move to Barcelona verifies that sentiment.
It must be said, however, that Alba is one of the rare Spaniards who has been on fire in every game. La Furia Roja, winners of Euro 2008 and World Cup 2010 have looked a bit less dominant during their campaign this summer.
Their passing is as delicious as ever, but it seems somewhat less penetrative than two summers ago.
Whether that's due to the absence of striker David Villa—Spain's all-time leading scorer—is a matter for debate, but the Barcelona man's ingenuity in the penalty area would be welcome indeed.
But Spain remain as difficult to break down as ever, evidenced by the one goal they've conceded during their five games up to this point.
They've certainly had their moments of frailty (see: Croatia), and right-back Alvaro Arbeloa is a frequent worry. Italy will certainly be cognizant of that avenue on Sunday.
One would think, however, that if Balotelli can recreate some of his brilliant display from Thursday, Italy will be difficult to beat.
In Buffon, who is playing in his umpteenth tournament after making his debut at France '98, they have one of the greatest keepers in the world, who aside from a nervy start to the Germany match has looked the part.
Prandelli's defense is vigorous, and will give Spain no quarter. We saw that on June 10, when Italy's 3-5-2 helped stifle much of Spain's attacking incisiveness, apart from one brilliant David Silva pass that found Fabregas for his goal.
At the very least, we're in line for a treat of a football match. There are stars aplenty on both sides, many of whom are playing superbly at the moment.
From Pirlo to Balotelli, Italy have the ability to strike with lightning speed and then retreat into their defensive shell. If they score first, one would think they have a terrific chance at victory.
But that will be difficult against Spain, who have that wondrous midfield that is the envy of every team in world football. It's hard to say how much longer the likes of Xavi will continue donning the national uniform, but he has once again looked like the imperious navigator in the middle of the park.
A low score should be expected. The question is, who will find the back of the net first?News Briefs: There's a Whedonverse Reunion in the Works at NBC
KEEPING]
Faithin1 Aug 28, 2013
Thanks for cancelling Bunheads ABC Family. Especially to bring Tori Spelling back to tv. Just what I always wanted. (This is sarcasm.)
LeahLefler Aug 28, 2013
Peter Jackson & Doctor Who!
angelpix24 Aug 26, 2013
But my question is..when will we see Alexis as Thanos again???
current Aug 26, 2013
As much as I admire Whedon's ethos for reusing his cast (much like Paul Thomas Anderson), some members do at times feel like they've dropped a dime on him. And, dear old Alexis McGrinny pants Denisof sadly is one of them. Although he could prove us wrong if he goes dark (no Paula Dean jokes, please) in Grimm, like in Angel, where he strayed sure-footedly briefly away from a tired twerp. Tick. Tock.
We can only pray the Nazi's win in this version of the Von Crapps - or a shootout at the very least.
Jim Beaver is quite the jobbing actor of late. Unfortunately job can only refer to poop if he's swimming in Revolution's shit creek.
lsbloom Aug 26, 2013
Bobby on Revolution! Supernatural might be past saving, but Revolution is getting a mega dose of talent.
angelpix24 Aug 26, 2013
Umm.. hello... Angels falling from the sky... consider it.. SAVED lol
brendacarter31 Aug 26, 2013
Girl you be trolling bloom. Supernatural is kicking a$$, while Revolution is floundering to gain a viewer base on the peacock network.
lsbloom Aug 26, 2013
Trolling is coming to specifically incite anger. What I wrote was in support of the news and the show that this post was about.
Sera killed Bobby and Carver spit on his grave and our love for him at the same time. It's great to see Bobby and Edlund and Kripke together again.
JulioRodriguez0 Aug 25, 2013
love Angel ill give anything staring its cast a shot.
brendacarter31 Aug 26, 2013
I got into Grimm late in the game and have to say, it really has an "Angel" feel to it.
tvfreakazoid Aug 25, 2013
nothing interests me so far
dude19 Aug 25, 2013
The interest in Oz could have to do with the 75th Anniversary. Or (much like last year's interest in Alice in Wonderland) the networks are all just jumping on a trend.
MintberryCrunch Aug 25, 2013
Timothy Dalton in something called "Penny Dreadful" a "frightening psychological thriller" wherein he will play "Sir Malcolm an African explorer"
This sounds incredible
current Aug 26, 2013
To spend a penny, dreadful or otherwise, let's hope that's not the end imperative.
In the interim, I'll rustle hopefully for change.
Svanehjerte Aug 25, 2013
GRIMM! <3
It's about time they finish TB! It's already been going on for too long.
I can't wait for Ravenswood!
Season 2 of Revolution looks like it will be good.
The 3 new comedies sound lame.
Emerald City sounds interesting.
Penny Dreadful sounds interesting too, but it's on Showtime so it might be too pervy for me. They usually don't have any good shows on that channel IMO.Americans more confident about retirement, but not necessarily financially prepared as compared with only 37 percent last year.
The survey of 10,000 adults (ages 40 to 75) in 30 major metropolitan areas found that:
- 19 percent said they feel very prepared financially for retirement or the remainder of their retirement
- 28 percent feel very confident they will reach their retirement goals or the remainder of their retirement will work out as planned
“Feeling confident about retirement is essential, but perhaps not as important as taking steps to financially prepare for that retirement,” said Suzanna de Baca, vice president of wealth strategies at Ameriprise Financial.
And some of the numbers from the New Retirement Mindscapereport don’t seem to justify the current optimism. In fact, de Baca warns that this confidence may be unwarranted “and cause a dangerous feeling of complacency.”
The survey found that fewer people are taking the steps necessary to save for this milestone in their lives as compared to last year.
- While 72 percent said they had done something to prepare for retirement that number is slightly smaller than in 2011 and 2010 when the economic recovery was still shaky.
- Only half (49 percent) said their retirement balances have recovered from the market downturn in 2008-2009.
- Only one in four (23 percent) has calculated how much they.
“How do they come to that conclusion? They can’t all be planning to win the lottery. They can’t all be inheriting large sums of money from mom and dad,” Singleton said.
On the bright side, more than half (51 percent) contributed to a 401(k) or other retirement plan – a significant jump from last year’s 47 percent.
Healthcare weighs heavy on people’s minds
As people look toward the future, they worry about healthcare costs. Nearly half of those surveyed (45 percent) believe medical bills will be one of their most challenging issues after they leave the workforce.
They expressed a great deal of concern about the Affordable Care Act. More than half (51 percent) said they worry they’ll pay more for healthcare because of the law. Keep in mind, this survey was taken in June.
How much would they need to save to pay for medical costs not covered by Medicare? The median estimate was about $100,000. That’s close to what people actually spend, on average, during their retirement years – $135,500 according to 2012 data from the Employee Benefit Research Institute. But Ameriprise noted, is significantly less than the $227,000 experts predict will be needed for retirees in 2020.
And yet, few people are taking steps to deal with these rising costs. Ten percent said they expect family and friends to care for them if their health begins to fail.
A city by city breakdown
Ameriprise combined the results of the study – people’s confidence and financial readiness in the 30 metro areas surveyed. San Francisco, Detroit and Hartford-New Haven took the top three spots because a higher percentage of residents there have taken specific steps – written a financial plan and contributed to a personal retirement account – than others in the country.
In the bottom three locatoins, Nashville, Los Angeles and Orlando-Daytona Beach-Melbourne, people are saving about as much as the national average, but their confidence level is lower. Ameriprise said that might be a function of housing prices that hadn’t rebounded as much as in the rest of the country.
Here are the City Pulseindex rankings for 2013. The 2012 rank appears in parenthesis.
1. San Francisco-Oakland-San Jose (4)
2. Detroit (17)
3. Hartford-New Haven (1)
4. Minneapolis-St. Paul (3)
5. Seattle-Tacoma (13)
6. San Diego (2)
7. Sacramento-Stockton-Modesto (18)
8. Baltimore (25)
9. St. Louis (15)
10. Phoenix (11)
11. Denver (8)
12. Washington D.C. (30)
13. Dallas-Fort Worth (14)
14. Boston (12)
15. Indianapolis (28)
16. Atlanta (10)
17. Tampa-St. Pete (23)
18. Charlotte (29)
19. Portland, Ore. (19)
20. Miami-Fort Lauderdale (20)
21. Chicago (27)
22. Pittsburgh (9)
23. Raleigh-Durham (6)
24. Philadelphia (5)
25. New York (26)
26. Cleveland-Akron (24)
27. Houston (16)
28. Nashville (7)
29. Los Angeles (21)
30. Orlando-Daytona Beach-Melbourne (22)
Don’t let fear paralyze you
Everybody has anxiety about money. That stress can lead to inaction which can only make things worse. See if you can find someone who will help you take control of your finances. It might feel uncomfortable at first, but in the long-run it can reduce stress and get you moving toward your goal.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitteror visit The ConsumerMan website.New Irrigation System at Golf Course to be Installed
The city of Casper will pay roughly $1.33 million to replace outdated sections of the irrigation system at the Casper Municipal Golf Course.
Casper City Council approved the resolution 8-1 during its regular session on Tuesday. Ward II councilman Craig Hedquist was the lone dissenting vote.
Doug Follick, the city of Casper’s leisure services director, said rapidly increasing installation costs are forcing the city to act now. He also said the current system is nearing the end of its useful life.
“The sprinkler heads themselves are antiquated (and) we don’t have any way of isolating holes,” Follick said. “If we have a line break or an irrigation head that we need to change, we wouldn’t have to drain the entire (new) system to do that.”
Follick says the irrigation systems at Park Nine and Highland Nine will be replaced by June 2014.
American Civil Contractors Inc., a firm based out of Littleton, Colo., submitted the low bid of roughly $1.5 million. A $170,000 deduct charge will bring the final price tag down to around $1.33 million.
The new irrigation system is being paid for by unallocated one-cent ’13 sales tax funds and funds that were already set aside in one-cent ’14.This wedding was a three day grand affair.
Day 1: Sangeet (music) and mahindi (henna) party
Day 2: Bride making and wedding
Day 3: Reception
One of the pre-wedding ceremonies is the Sangeet and henna party, Sangeet meaning music. As the name suggests, the Sangeet is an evening of fun and dance usually hosted by bride's parents. As the musical festivities are going on, the guests get henna done on their hands for the wedding. The main significance of this ceremony is that the bride is being introduced to all the members of her new family.
Though the Sangeet was originally a North Indian tradition, it slowly caught on to the southern states. This wedding took place in the southern state of India, Andhra Pradesh. Remember, India is very diverse in food, culture, and traditions with regard to weddings. Each and every state has its wedding's own customs and traditions.
Bride entering into the Sangeet hall with her aunt, Raji.
Bride all glammed up for the event
The real stars of the wedding. Haha!
Bride and groom watching the dance and music
Girls are performing the Dhandia (stick dance)
Of course, no Indian dance party is complete without Bhangra dance
Bride entering the dance floor
As the groom enters, confetti showers the couple
Soo in love...
Family and friends rejoicing the moment
Dancing away
Stay tuned for more of the wedding in future posts.
For more memorable centerpieces, tablescapes, and recipes (including vegetarian, gluten free and vegan recipes), please check out my books, Entertaining From an Ethnic Indian Kitchen and Trader Joe's Simply Indian at
Sharing at:
French Country Cottage
Common Ground
Show and Tell
French Country Cottage
Common Ground
Show and Tell
Oh Komaly, what a beautiful and fun wedding it seems! The dresses are stunning and so are all the women. I think your niece looks like you! Thanks for sharing.
FABBY
So happy you are sharing your photos with us along with the details about weddings in India. Fascinating!
What a beautiful wedding! Thanks for sharing photos:)The committee of Rastrick Juniors Football Club has received a massive boost thanks to a donation of £1,000 from supporter Jeremy Meadowcroft.
Jeremy, a commercial bank manager for Lloyds Bank in West Yorkshire for over 27 years, is passionate about Rastrick Juniors FC and raised the funds through his employer’s scheme that matches fund-raising pound for pound, and he also logs his volunteer hours to this charity. In return, Lloyds Bank makes a donation to the group for his time and double it.
“This community and junior football club provides a healthy outdoor pursuit for children of all ages week in-week out all year round and receives no central funding from any sporting body at all,” he said. “So I know they appreciate all fundraising that is done.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.As former Spring Creek miners search for jobs after the mine closure, hopes of finding work in the Australian mines are quickly evaporating.
Kumara resident Peter McGill, who worked with Solid Energy for two or three years, has been unemployed since the mine closed. He is looking for work on the West Coast and sent his CV to four or five recruiting agencies in Australia, but has received no solid offers. There might be a job prospect with engineering company Curtain Bros, in Queensland, but the managers are struggling with weather conditions and may not come through.
Mr McGill said he knew of at least five former miners in a similar position.
"All we're waiting for right now is the phone call. As soon as we get the call, we're gone."
Mr McGill, 57, is competing with men half his age for jobs. He invested his life savings in his house, but does not plan to sell before he moves because the real estate market is flooded.
"You couldn't give this place away. I'm just going to walk out the door, lock the door and walk away. I'll pay the rates, and maybe a year or two down the track I'll rent it out."
Despite the sluggish economy in Australia, he thinks the prospects are better there than in New Zealand.
"If you have worked all your life and you want to work and go forward in life, New Zealand is just not handing it out."
If he can get to Australia, work for a couple of months and get settled, he will then send for his wife and dogs and stay there until he retires.
His former co-workers did not have much faith in finding work in Christchurch, and if they did they would have to work for less pay and spend money on a small, expensive flat and petrol money, possibly in addition to paying rates for a home on the West Coast.
"It's less than being on the dole."
He guessed that more than half of the former Spring Creek workers would eventually try to go to Australia.
"Spring Creek has left a bad taste in a lot of people's mouths."Late. Most of the online conversation that ensued was among people who had not yet seen the guidelines, which the paper, in a major transparency failure, didn’t make public. paidContent has obtained the full text, posted below. Some of the guidelines are important ethical points about identification and transparency that I and others have encouraged since journalists started using the internet; some go to the kind of extreme that led newsrooms to exclude outbound links.
While the instant reaction was mostly negative or caustic (active tweeter Howard Kurtz said he’d be sticking to weather or recipes), one staffer, Book World‘s Ron Charles, responded to my Twitter query with relief that at least a policy had been spelled out: “Provides clarification we’ve needed for a while. If 2 restrictive, we can adjust later.” Unfortunately, now that I’ve seen the full policy, that response would seem not to meet the guidelines: the long list of things a WaPo staffer shouldn’t do online includes talking about newsroom or the paper’s business activities (say, for instance, criticizing plans to sell access to reporters in the publishers’ living room?), and or criticizing “competitors or those who take issue with our journalism or our journalists.”
Instead of finding ways to encourage engagement, it’s easy to see how these guidelines could drive it the other way. I’m not sure I would do anything in social networking with this as a framework. Steve Buttry explains why journalism orgs need conversations, not restrictions. This should be the beginning of an important conversation within the WaPo newsroom.
————————————————————————————————————–
The following are effective immediately:
Newsroom Guidelines for Use of Facebook, Twitter and Other Online Social Networks (emphasis added)
Social networks are communications media, and a part of our everyday lives. They can be valuable tools in gathering and disseminating news and information. They also create some potential hazards we need to recognize. When using social networking tools for reporting or for our personal lives, we must remember that Washington Post journalists are always Washington Post journalists. The following guidelines apply to all Post journalists, without limitation to the subject matter of their assignments.
Using Social Networking Tools for Reporting
When using social networks such as Facebook, LinkedIn, My Space or Twitter for reporting, we must protect our professional integrity. Washington Post journalists should identify themselves as such. We must be accurate in our reporting and transparent about our intentions when participating. We must be concise yet clear when describing who we are and what information we seek..
Our online data trails reflect on our professional reputations and those of The Washington Post. Be sure that your pattern of use does not suggest, for example, that you are interested only in people with one particular view of a topic or issue.
Using Social Networking Tools for Personal Reasons© 2011 Lisa M. Syverson / Syverson Studios. All rights reserved.
All artwork and photographs appearing in this web site are the property of Lisa M. Syverson and is protected under United States and International copyright laws.
The artwork may not be reproduced, stored, or manipulated without the written permission of the artist.
You are viewing the text version of this site.
To view the full version please install the Adobe Flash Player and ensure your web browser has JavaScript enabled.
Need help? check the requirements page.
You need Flash to use this featureNational Donut Day was a couple of weeks ago! If you went to Krispy Kreme, you could have gotten a tasty one for free. (I most definitely went). I've tried making donuts once before it and was a complete disaster, but I was crusing Ralph's and I found this adorable Betty Crocker Donut Cookie mix. Seriously...adorable. You can ask my roommate how many times I looked at these cookies and commented on how cute they were. I don't think they actually tasted like donuts, but I rolled them out and used my donut cutter (be sure to add a little extra flour to the mix). The instructions on the back of the bag said you could also roll the dough into a rope and form a donut shape. I tried that and it didn't turn out that well. If you don't have a donut cutter you could use two different sized round cutters or even get resourceful with a cup and bottle cap! If you don't want to use the pre-packaged mix, you can use the sugar cookie and buttercream frosting recipes I included below.
Little donuts!
Time for frosting and sprinkles...
Delicious with a little coffee in my Krispy Kreme mug.
Perfect Sugar Cookies
- 4 cups sifted all-purpose flour, plus more for surface
- 1 teaspoon baking powder
- 1/2 teaspoon salt
- 8 ounces (2 sticks) unsalted butter, softened
- 2 cups sugar
- 2 large eggs
- 2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
-.
- Preheat oven to 325 degrees, with racks in upper and lower thirds. Let 1 disk of dough stand at room temperature until just soft enough to roll, about 10 minutes. Instead of rolling dough on a floured surface, I like to use plastic wrap to keep the dough from drying out. Cut out desired shapes. Transfer to baking sheets. Roll out scraps once, and repeat. Repeat with remaining disk of dough. Freeze until cookies are firm, 15 minutes.
- Bake in batches, switching and rotating sheets halfway through, until edges of cookies turn golden, 12 to 15 minutes. Let cool on wire racks.
- Spoon royal icing into a pastry bag fitted with a small plain round tip, and decorate cookies. Let stand overnight or until icing dries completely.
Buttercream Frosting
- 1 cup unsalted butter, softened (Ideal texture should be like ice cream)
- 3-4 cups confectioners (powdered) sugar, sifted
- 1/4 teaspoon table salt
- 1 tablespoon vanilla extract
- up to 4 tablespoons milk of heavy cream
- Red food coloring
- and salt and beat for 3 minutes. Add one drop of food coloring at a time until desired color is achieved.
- If your frosting needs a more stiff consistency, add remaining sugar. If your frosting needs to be thinned out, add remaining cream 1 tablespoon at a time.
Latest CommentsI'd like to make some opkg packages. (scipy, numpy, etc.) How do i proceed, and how do i get my packages in the public feeds, so that others can use them? I've read seems ok enough, but id like to make them aviable to everyone, how? -- View this message in context: Sent from the Openmoko Community mailing list archive at Nabble.com.Beer Today, Gone Tomorrow: The Local Brews You Should Drink During Beer Week […]The band contributed their song This Will Be Our Year for the Future Soundtrack for America which is political benefit album.
User Score: 93
User Score: 5
User Score: 2
CBS Entertainment | About TV.com | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of Use?
1 comment:
Whoa, I would've loved going to your school growing up. When I was in high school, I was really into Latin Club, Chorus, Theater, Mock Trial, as well as some other activities outside of school, such as Venture/Sea Scouts. I would've loved Photography, Sewing and Roller Derby!runways and what the celebs are wearing -- the time is now!Since when is it considered fashionable to to wear a top and a pair of pants of the same print at the same time? Well, if you're paying attention to the!
The Trend Report: Matchy-Matchy
University of California, San Francisco | About UCSF | Search UCSF | UCSF Medical Center
Protease inhibitor
Tipranavir received FDA approval in June 2005 who have ongoing viral replication while taking antiretroviral therapy.
FDA approval was based on 2 Phase III studies in patients with extensive prior treatment with protease inhibitors, nucleoside analogues, and nonnucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitors. All patients had HIV-1 with evidence of resistance to protease inhibitors. These open-label trials randomized patients to tipranavir (boosted by ritonavir) or to a comparator ritonavir-boosted protease inhibitor. The specific comparator (amprenavir, indinavir, lopinavir, or saquinavir) was selected for each patient with the assistance of resistance testing. Each patient also was given an optimized background regimen, which could include enfuvirtide. At 24 and 48 weeks, the tipranavir group had higher rates of virologic response (defined as ≥1 log10 decrease in HIV RNA) and viral suppression to <400 copies/mL and to <50 copies/mL than did the comparator group; these differences were statistically significant.(1,2,3)
Tipranavir is available in capsules and in oral solution. It is approved for twice-daily dosing and must be taken in combination with ritonavir to achieve effective plasma concentrations.
Abbreviations: BID, twice daily.
Tipranavir must be coadministered with ritonavir (200 mg) twice daily. As with all antiretrovirals, tipranavir + ritonavir should be used only in combination regimens.
Tipranavir has clinically significant interactions with many other medications, including antiretrovirals. Tipranavir both inhibits and induces the cytochrome P450 enzyme system; when used in combination with ritonavir, its net effect on CYP3A4 is inhibition. Tipranavir also induces p-glycoprotein transporter. Thus, tipranavir may alter the concentrations of many other drugs metabolized by these pathways, in some cases in ways that may be complex and difficult to predict. Tipranavir may increase the concentrations of some drugs, as would the coadministered ritonavir. These include certain antimicrobials, lipid-lowering agents, benzodiazepines, serotonin reuptake inhibitors, erectile dysfunction agents, and antiarrhythmics. Tipranavir (and the coadministered ritonavir) may lower the levels of drugs such as ethinyl estradiol and methadone. Similarly, certain drugs or herbal preparations may cause therapeutically significant alterations in tipranavir levels. For example, rifampin
induces tipranavir metabolism and decreases tipranavir levels; rifampin should not be given concomitantly with tipranavir. Aluminum- and magnesium-based antacids appear to decrease tipranavir absorption and should be administered separately.(4,5,6) Information on drug interactions should be consulted, as dosage adjustments are frequently required and some combinations are contraindicated.
Tipranavir also appears to have significant interactions with certain other antiretroviral medications. For example, tipranavir substantially decreases plasma concentrations of the protease inhibitors amprenavir, indinavir, lopinavir/ritonavir, and saquinavir (4,6,7) and the nucleoside analogues abacavir, zidovudine, and didanosine.(4,6) To date, the clinical significance of these interactions is not clear, and information on dosage adjustment of antiretrovirals in tipranavir-containing combinations is not available. It is recommended that tipranavir/ritonavir not be used in combination with other protease inhibitors. For additional information, see the Database of Antiretroviral Drug Interactions.
Adult and adolescent treatment guidelines of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services designate tipranavir as "not recommended" for initial treatment of HIV infection, because of inferior efficacy compared with recommended agents.
Currently, tipranavir (coadministered with ritonavir) is FDA approved only for use in subsequent therapy in patients with viral resistance to multiple protease inhibitors. Studies in initial therapy are under way.
In patients with advanced HIV disease, extensive prior exposure to at least 3 classes of antiretrovirals, and evidence of resistance to protease inhibitors, 2 Phase III studies (described above in "Approval") compared tipranavir/ritonavir with several other ritonavir-boosted protease inhibitors, each in combination with a background regimen. By intent-to-treat analysis, the combined tipranavir groups had higher rates of virologic response (34% vs 15%), viral suppression to <400 copies/mL (30% vs 14%), and viral suppression to <50 copies/mL (23% vs 10%) at 48 weeks.(3) These differences were statistically significant (p < .0001). The inclusion of enfuvirtide in the antiretroviral regimen significantly improved the rates of virologic response in the tipranavir groups (HIV RNA <400 copies/mL 43% vs 27% of tipranavir recipients treated with and without enfuvirtide, respectively; p
< .0001). The tipranavir groups also had greater increases in CD4 cell counts than the comparator groups: 48 cells/µL vs 21 cells/µL (p < .0001).(3)
Symptomatic adverse effects of tipranavir include diarrhea, nausea, vomiting, and rash. Rash appears to be more common in women. In Phase III studies, liver toxicity, including life-threatening hepatic decompensation, was seen more frequently in the tipranavir groups than in the comparator groups, and was more common in patients with chronic hepatitis B or C.(3,5,6) Patients with moderate or severe hepatic insufficiency should not receive tipranavir. All patients receiving tipranavir should be monitored closely for hepatotoxicity. Tipranavir caused elevations in total cholesterol and triglycerides in a high proportion of study patients (in Phase III studies, 15% of tipranavir recipients developed cholesterol levels >300 mg/dL and 45% developed triglyceride levels >400 mg/dL).(3,5,6) Lipid parameters should be monitored regularly.
The combination of tipranavir + ritonavir has been associated with intracranial hemorrhage in a small number of patients. The relationship, if any, between tipranavir + ritonavir and these events is not yet known; pending further study, tipranavir should be used with caution in patients who are at risk of increased bleeding or who are on medications that may increase the risk of bleeding.(6)
Tipranavir contains a sulfonamide moiety and should be used cautiously in patients with sulfonamide allergy. It is important to assess patient motivation and discuss possible adverse effects and strategies for their management before treatment with tipranavir is initiated.
Tipranavir has not been studied in pregnancy; it is classified as an FDA Pregnancy Category C drug.
Resistance to tipranavir is associated with the selection of 1 or more of several resistance mutations.
In vitro studies of tipranavir + ritonavir show the emergence of a number of protease mutations. The resistance profile in human subjects has not been characterized fully. Results from studies of tipranavir in antiretroviral-naive patients (now under way) are needed to identify tipranavir resistance in initial therapy and to assess its implications for subsequent treatment. In patients with multiple preexisting mutations associated with resistance to protease inhibitors, emergent protease mutations included amino acid substitutions 10V/I/S, 13V, 33F/I/V, 82L/T, and 84V.(4,5,6)
Resistance mutations selected by other protease inhibitors can contribute to tipranavir resistance. Mutations at protease codons 10, 13, 20, 33, 35, 36, 43, 46, 47, 54, 58, 69, 74, 82, 83, and 84 are associated with decreased virologic response to tipranavir. In addition, the total number of primary protease mutations is associated with diminished response to tipranavir.(3,4,5,6)
Phenotypic analysis has demonstrated that virologic response to tipranavir/ritonavir is most likely if the baseline tipranavir fold change in IC50 value (compared with reference tipranavir susceptibility) is ≤ 3-fold.(3,5)
Regimens containing tipranavir + ritonavir and enfuvirtide may be effective as subsequent regimens in individuals without prior enfuvirtide experience, and appear to be more effective than regimens containing tipranavir + ritonavir without enfuvirtide. Genotypic or phenotypic testing may be useful in predicting the likelihood of response to tipranavir following failure of regimens containing other antiretrovirals.
About
|
|
Feedback
|
Subscribe
|
Donate
|
Disclaimer
HIV InSite is a project of the UCSF Center for HIV Information. Copyright 2014, Regents of the University of California.A record for life
Daniela Caride | 9/17/2008, 4:54 a.m.
“If it wasn’t for SPAN, I’d probably still be sitting in jail looking for a place to go, ’cause it’s so hard to get into a program,” says Mercogliano.
The problems
Getting a job is only one of a series of challenges people like Mercogliano face, says Lyn Levy, president and founder of SPAN Inc., an organization that helps ex-prisoners reenter mainstream society. Levy says ex-convicts must reinvent themselves and unlearn many of the habits they acquired in prison.
“You don’t get a free ticket when you walk out of prison,” says Levy. “You have to work … take care of yourself … feed yourself, put clothes on your back. You don’t have any money or job. You don’t know how to do those things.”
And ex-inmates must face other challenges, she says, like getting used to deciding what to dress, eat and read; being a good daughter, father or neighbor; taking the steps to get an education, a loan or health insurance.
The first challenge, she says, is “to figure out their new lives.”
“People come out with no money [and] … with not a lot of support,” says Levy. “There’s a good bit of stigma attached to being an ex-offender. Prison is a very restricted and tense atmosphere where folks are not encouraged to make decisions.”
One major hurdle for many ex-convicts is overcoming drug addiction. According to Levy, at least 75 percent of people incarcerated have been through some kind of substance abuse.
Clarence Buggs, 57, is one of them. A cocaine addict, Buggs said he learned how to upholster furniture in 1975 while incarcerated at MCI-Norfolk on an armed robbery conviction.
When he was released six years later, he had a little money saved up that he earned working on the inside. He quickly found an upholstery job in downtown Boston and rented a studio in Back Bay.
“I could handle paying bills and having my own apartment and making sure all the bills were kept up and all that,” says Buggs. “The only problem I really had was my education and drugs. That was my downfall.”
Buggs was able to keep his life together, even though he continued to use cocaine and crack, for 12 years. But eventually, he lost control of his addiction again. Always late for work, he lost his job.
“Everything was nice, but I didn’t take care of my drug [addiction],” he recalls.
Though Buggs did not go back to crime, soon he was panhandling and sleeping in shelters. The next two years, Buggs says, he spent “getting high 24/7, with no work and no nothing.”
Mary Nee, executive director of hopeFound, the third-largest homeless service organization in Boston, says that about 80 percent of the homeless people that hopeFound serves have some form of addiction.
Because it’s “quite typical” that a large percentage of people end up having criminal records when they have long standing addictions, Nee estimates that 50 percent of the 3,500 people who use hopeFound services every year have a criminal history.
“What we find working with homeless individuals is [that] in a large number of cases the criminal records are all related to their addictions,” says Nee. “So it’s not unusual that … someone who has been clean and sober for a period of time … [has] no interaction with the criminal justice system. All of their interactions occur during this time that they are active.”
It was 1994 when Buggs got arrested again for a robbery he says he didn’t commit. Either way, he was convicted and sentenced to another eight years in prison.
“I was angry about someone saying I did something I didn’t do, but I blame myself in a way because I had my choices,” he says. “I needed help, but I didn’t know how to get any.”
Treatment, says Levy, is often difficult to find in Boston. Residential treatment programs “are full and bursting,” she says. “So being able to come out of prison into a residential setting is very, very difficult.”Teresa Wolf
Soul Discovery on Horseback
info@SoulDiscoveryonHorseback.com
770-843-9056
Saturday, May 11, 2013
to
Saturday, May 18, 2013
Add to my calendar
Day 1 - Saturday - Arrival and Exploration
Arrive to Shannon Airport and transfer to the riding centre to start your Ireland equestrian vacation. The transfer from Shannon to Whitegate is approx. two hours.
You will be staying at a lovingly restored 300-year-old farmhouse for the first four nights. On the arrival day feel free to relax and recover from your journey, or take a stroll on the well mapped nearby East Clare Walking Trail. There is also the possibility to take a guided boat tour to the historical Holy Island with its monastic settlement dating back to the 9th century. In the evening, meet the other riders for the week. Dinner is served in the tastefully restored 300-year-old farmhouse by candlelight and open turf fire.
Day 2 - Sunday
Introduction to your horse and start riding along the peaceful slopes of the wooded Slieve Aughty Mountains and across widespread bog lands.
Day 3 - Monday
Enjoying the fascinating views over the majestic Lough Derg. Ride by traditional turf cutting areas, listening to the myths of Neolithic dolmen, ancient burial tombs, and learn about the well-preserved ruins on Holy Island.
Day 4 - Tuesday
Heading for the top of the hills. we will overlook endless woods and miles of storytelling. There are rough old stonewalls sheltering the juicy green pastures. The sandy shores of the Lough Graney invite us to a canter along the beach and on goes the trail ride right across the gentle lapping lake.
Day 5 - Wednesday
Lovely wood tracks guide you to the bogy uplands where County Clare unfolds all around you up to rising hills of the Burren National Park and the first glimpse of Galway Bay. Overnight in Corofin.
Day 6 - Thursday
You will experience the very special and totally different moon like landscape of the Burren, with its rare and colourful flora and fauna and the stunning variety of pre-historic settlements. Overnight in Lisdoonvarna.
Day 7 - Friday
Riding further westwards until you reach the edge of the shredded coastline, you will be delighted by the breathtaking views of the endless Atlantic Sea, the famous Aran Islands, the rugged Connemara Mountains and the fascinating Cliffs of Moher. Overnight in Lisdoonvarna.
Day 8 - Saturday - Departure
After breakfast you will be transferred back to the airport for your journey home.
* Please note that this itinerary is flexible and subject to changes and revisions based on the weather and other unforeseen circumstances.
Experience Irish Castles, pubs and history from a 300 year old farmhouse and ride on horseback across the country to the
Cliffs of Moher.
Want to come along?
I invite you to come on retreat with me, Teresa Wolf, to experience Ireland from the back of a horse! Well trained Irish horses await riders to transport you across the whole country of Ireland all the way to the coast! You will be traveling through juicy green pastures, ride along a rock wall, ride through lovely woodland trails and boggy uplands, see beautiful flora and fauna and on till you reach the craggy cliffs overlooking the sea.
The first 4 nights are all in the Inn and the last 3 nights are spent in different locations on your way across Ireland to include a
bed and breakfast and a country inn.
The ideal traveler is the traveler who is interested in history and culture. The setting is comfortable and intimate and accommodates the traveler who likes to solo travel as well as couples and groups.
For riding guests: $2295 for double or twin rooms
Private rooms: $2495
Non-riders: $1295
Fees include airport transfers, lodging, food, horses.
You are responsible for your own airfare into Shannon airport.
Trip insurance highly recommended. Travelex offered at additional charge if you want it. Email Teresa for all the details.
Don't hesitate to register! Very limited space, only 15 spots available,
already 3 have registered!Register Now!
Upon registration, you will be forwarded a credit card authorization form, travel insurance information and booking form.
REFUND POLICY
At the time of booking, your reservation is held on a courtesy basis for one week, at
which time a $900 deposit is due. Final Payments are due 45 days prior to departure.
From 45 days prior to departure until 8 days prior to departure, 50% of the trip cost is
nonrefundable. Within 7 days of departure the entire trip cost is nonfundable.Pet friendly Harrison hotels and motels are listed below along with the pet policy if available. Search for cheap and discount pet friendly hotel rates in or near Harrison, IN for your upcoming individual or group travel with your pets. We list the best petfriendly Harrison Indiana hotel and motel rooms allowing pets or dogs. Review the dog friendly Harrison hotel list below to find the perfect lodging for you and your pets.Grover Norquist's snotty children have met their match. They will no longer be allowed to obstruct. The Man In Charge is going to wail their butts, but good.
When you hear this:....waaaaaa....waaa....wa...wa...wa...waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa. you will know bonehead Boehner and whitebread Mitch were taken to the woodshed.
Obama is probably the best negotiator of all Presidents. They only have one word to counter his mastery of negotiating, no. The tea party traitors are like a spoiled child who has no answer or thoughts. That's all they can come with, no.
Sentiment: Buy
"Obama is probably the best negotiator of all Presidents. "
Now, that is truly hilarious. Thanks for the laugh.Silverman: Tillman, Roethlisberger & Manning Among Top MVP Candidates
Peyton Manning. (Photo by Harry How/Getty Images)
By Steve Silverman-
(CBS) There are no guarantees that those who have been the best players in the league through the first half of the season will be there at the end of the season.
The cream, as they say, will rise to the top.
However, as the 2012 season has reached its midpoint, the top five candidates for MVP have all helped their teams play well above expectations.
This year, names like Tom Brady, Eli Manning, Drew Brees and Aaron Rodgers are nowhere to be seen. Some of them may get there by the end of the season.
Some of the names may be shocking when you look at where they were when they started the season, but they have all made major contributions to first-place teams with serious postseason aspirations.
CB Charles Tillman, Chicago – It seems like the Gods are smiling on Tillman for all of his statistical accomplishments this year with a superb Chicago defense that is head-and-shoulders the best in the league. Tillman’s famed ball punch has resulted in seven forced fumbles and he has also recovered one. Tillman has returned both of his interceptions for touchdowns and he also has 43 tackles. But numbers aren’t the full story with Tillman. He is a skilled shutdown corner who uses his physical strength and knowledge to take top receivers out of their game. All-Pro wideout Calvin Johnson caught three passes for 34 yards in the Lions Week 7 Monday night loss to the Bears. If Tillman can shutdown Johnson, he should be able to slow down nearly every receiver he will face.
QB Ben Roethlisberger, Pittsburgh – The Steelers seemed like just another team at the start of the season. The AFC North seemed to be in the pocket of the Baltimore Ravens and the Steelers looked like they were going to have a hard time holding off Cincinnati for second place. The Steelers had injuries at the running back position and the defense didn’t look good enough to get it done. But in the last few weeks, Roethlisberger has looked at all of those factors and has laughed. He has completed 200-of-298 passes for 2,203 yards with 16 TDs and 4 interceptions. When Roethlisberger can stay away from the picks, good things are going to happen for the Steelers. He remains the massive mountain in the pocket that he’s always been, but he’s avoiding the turnovers. Last year he threw 14 interceptions and he is playing much better football and his team is responding.
QB Peyton Manning, Denver – No doubt that we were skeptical about Manning in the first few weeks of the season. Even when he was completing passes, the timing looked just a bit off and his passes were no longer zipping down the field the way they had when he was with the Colts. There were apparently issues with arm strength and his grip on the ball. Those issues have been solved. Manning is the highest-rated passer in the league, having completed 203-of-292 passes for 2,404 yards with 20 TDs and just 6 interceptions. Demaryius Thomas is becoming one of the most dangerous big-play threats in the league and Eric Decker is workable. Manning gets the support from his ground game with Willis McGahee, so he should remain a candidate for MVP through the rest of the season.
QB Matt Ryan, Atlanta – Ryan has led the Falcons to an undefeated first half of the season and his numbers have been superlative. He has completed 206-of-299 passes for 2,360 yard with 18 touchdowns and 6 interceptions. What makes his performance even more eye opening is that the Falcons have struggled on the offensive line. Ryan has been under pressure throughout the season. He has been sacked 18 times for 135 yards, but he’s been on the run far more than that. If you think the Bears have problems with their offensive line, you’re right. But Tyson Clabo and Sam Baker at the tackle spots are a liability. It’s going to be difficult for Ryan to remain in contention for the MVP if the offensive line doesn’t improve, because he’s going to take a monstrous hit that impacts his ability to play.
DE J.J. Watt, Houston – Watt has become everyone’s darling this year because of the massive statistical impact he has had on the Titans defense. If the season ended today, Watt would have great numbers with 10.5 sacks, 10 pass deflections, 2 fumble recoveries and 39 tackles. But more than the numbers, Watt combines eye-opening athletic ability with studied intelligence. He comes into each game with a significant idea of how to attack opposing blockers based on his film study. He figures out how to beat the blocker and he will make adjustments if Plan A does not work. While the Texans have been superb this season, they don’t have a lot of mean guys who will intimidate opponents. Watt has that ability and that’s one of the main reasons the Texans are in prime position to end up with the top seed in the AFC.
>.I've been saying this for years whenever someone asks me why I'm not on Facebook, etc. Usually I get looked at as if I'm some kind of anti-government survivalist nutter with a house full of weapons somewhere in the hills.
Social net sites do wonders for crooks, spooks and bosses …
I agree
Although I have a Facebook account I rarely use it, never put any photos on it and never update my current status - why would anyone care?
The premise that everything on the web is there for all eternity has not caught peoples attention as yet. The best analogy I heard was that trying to remove information from the web was like trying to take piss out of a swimming pool.
@Dave Murray
I hope that you can look at this link and feel confident that you are none of these people:
Have said it ad nauseum...
...if one is STUPID enough to put personal info on these LAME "social networking" sites...then they'll just have to suck it up, and deal with the consequences of identity theft...personal harassment...being stalked...being bullied...virus attacks...trojans...etc...etc.
I categorically REFUSE to use any of them.
@I agree
Trying to get the mushroom cloud back in that shiny ball of plutonium?
never got 4square
...who needs to know i am at M&S with the missus buying my y-fronts.
re: y-front
Ah, the rock 'n' roll life style of us El Reg commentards.
"Anonymous Coward just became king of the pants aisle"
All hail ....
Well,..
duh!
i like this quote...
Computers are making people easier to use everyday
not sure why but its kind of cool.
'Computers are making DUMB people easier to use everyday'
Fixed it for you.
If only her own government heeded her advice
...there would not have been the wikileaks-cablegate affair.
I deliver your post
Paranoid and fearful. Don't do anything, you might die. Maybe, I'm a liar and if so, what good is it to see my Facebook crap.
Fake name
On sites like Facebook I just use a fake name. They can track it all they want, it does not point to the real me.
pseudonimity
Pseudonimity unfortunately isn't unlinkable anonymity. (Unlinkable cyber anonymity might be illegal)
Users of an alias should note that given the current interwebs security situation, your real name might be disclosed at any time.
Ego Search
After reading this article I decided to ego search myself, pleased to say I'm still no where to be seen. I'm starting to question whether I really exist.
That being said between I gave up any illusion of privacy on the internet a long time ago.
I leave all that personal responsibility for privacy business in the safe hands of the likes Google and Facebook. They'll look after it, won't they? :)
Anonymouse, Just Because.
No way Jose!
No, LinkedIn - check
No, Facebook - check
No, 4Square - check
No, Twitter - check
No, Google+ - check
Holier than thou attitude - checkOpen Source Software In Cloud Applications
Providers of cloud-based solutions will bring in more than $241 billion in 2020, according to Forrester Research’s report on “Sizing the Cloud”. Since the emergence of cloud solution providers like Amazon, Rackspace, IBM and Microsoft, software development and deployment is increasingly taking place in the cloud. And, in the next few years, we are likely to see more and more innovative technology companies completely suspended in the cloud.
What makes the cloud particularly attractive to enterprises is that it enables companies to lease access to infrastructure, platforms and software, drastically reducing their overall operating costs. The economies of scale associated with the cloud, costs that accurately reflect usage, elimination of maintenance costs, and increased ability of users to enjoy access to applications across a variety of devices including tablets and smart phones are additional drivers behind adoption of cloud applications.
While enterprises are shifting from legacy solutions towards the cloud, open source software is gaining significant traction for similar reasons. Desirable attributes such as faster time to market, lower development cost, better security, peer-reviewed quality, zero licensing cost, and multiple sources from mostly reputable suppliers have made open source the software of choice for commercial business applications, including cloud-based applications and collaboration solutions. As open source software becomes increasingly available in the cloud, it is important for enterprises to understand how the cloud environment changes open source license obligations.
There are two broad categories of open source licenses – permissive and restrictive. Permissive licenses such as MIT and BSD provide minimal obligations on code use, modification and distribution, enabling developers to incorporate open source code into open source or proprietary software with their choice of license terms. In contrast, restrictive licenses such as the GPL force users of covered code to distribute derivative works under GPL only, and require these users of GPL code to make their source code available to downstream users. This feature of restrictive licenses, with few exceptions, renders it impossible to incorporate open source code into proprietary offerings. Failure to comply with such obligations can lead to severe consequences, including paying damages for license infringement.
In the pre-cloud environment, software vendors made their products available to end users through software distribution, and the reciprocal aspects of GPL ensured that the its creators ideals of software freedom were maintained. With emergence of cloud services, users of SaaS applications technically are not receiving any code as software applications that use GPL in their internals are not distributed, hence the old GPL terms governing distribution of code would not apply.
In order to maintain the software-freedom aspect of GPL when code is deployed in a cloud, Affero GPLv3 (AGPL for short) was created. Under provisions of AGPL, any user of the cloud that uses an application containing AGPL-licensed code must be provided with the source code of the entire application.
In summary, with GPL covered code:
- If you distribute the software, you must make your code available to users
- If you offer SaaS through the public or private cloud, you do not have to make your code available to users
With AGPL covered code:
- If you distribute the software, you must make your code available to users
- If you offer SaaS through the public or private cloud, you must make your code available to its users
Given the new obligations imposed by the AGPL, it is critical for SaaS providers to take inventory of the open source code embedded in their product offerings, and to ensure that their intellectual property policies are in line with the obligations imposed by the various open source licenses covering their code.
A variety of automated scanning tools generically known as enterprise analyzers are available that can assist SaaS providers to manage open source obligations in the cloud. In addition, a structured Open Source Software Adoption Process (OSSAP) can be used to define acceptable intellectual property license policies for the organization, audit the current software portfolio and incoming code, and ensure compliance through all of the software development and procurement stages. These open source license management solutions are now available in both on-premises and hosted versions. Furthermore, these tools generally offer License Obligations Reporting, for a simplified “bulleted” view of the obligations associated with each open source package that is discovered in the SaaS code.
The emerging cloud-based SaaS model offers immense opportunities but also raises new risks for your organization’s intellectual property. If your organization’s intellectual property policies were developed for the traditional software distribution model, then they need to be re-assessed and updated to meet the distinct obligations associated with the cloud environment.
By Mahshad Koohgoli/Diana Marina Cooper
Mahshad Koohgoli is CEO of Protecode, Inc. (), a provider of open source license management solutions, based in Canada. He has more than 25 years of experience in the telecommunications industry, specializing in technology start-up businesses, and holds several patents in the computer and communications field.
Diana Marina Cooper is an open source corporate strategy consultant for Protecode (). Cooper obtained a BA in Politics and Governance, a MA in Globalization Studies, and is currently a JD Candidate (2013), pursuing a concentration in Law and Technology.
CloudTweaks
Latest posts by CloudTweaks (see all)
- The Storytelling Machine: Big Content and Big Data - May 20, 2015
- 10 Prototyping Tools To Help Build Your Startup - May 20, 2015
- Protecting Your Web Applications In A Hybrid Cloud Environment - May 18, 2015
@cloudtweaks #open-source is great way to help business moving to cloudMelinda Clarke is about to mess with Texas.
The former OC and Nikita star has booked a two-episode stint on Dallas Season 3, coming on board as Tracey McKay, one of Bobby Ewing’s girlfriends from the original version of this hit series.
Tracey was portrayed by Beth Toussaint during Seasons 12 and 13 of the show back in the 1980s.
Dallas returns on August 18 and Dallas Decoder broke this fun piece of casting news.
No word yet on what, exactly, brings Tracey back into the fold. But we’ve gotta imagine she’ll create some trouble for Bobby and Ann.
Looking to catch up on this drama before it comes back to the air? You can always watch Dallas online.You can buy this painting from this link (afremov.com) using a 10% discount coupon - deviantart10off
From the first moment I saw this, this painting simply captured my heart. Amazing use of color, filled with emotion and a sense of time, space and magic. One of my friends described it best by saying "Makes your heart sing with color...love it!" The warmth of the lamps create a surreal dream world under the canopy of the night. I want this painting! Thank you Mr. Afremov!
The Artist has requested Critique on this Artwork
Please sign up or login to post a critique.SIA Flashback – Flowercars designed just to carry all those flowers, built by all of the major professional car coachbuilders of the day. For SIA #22, May-June 1974, Tom McPherson examined the history of flower cars and presented a couple dozen examples of this rare breed.
1 Comment - Leave a Reply
There’s a vintage Cadillac flowercar in Arlo Guthrie’s classic movie of Alice’s Restaurant. Nice car, great movie.Hamptons Wine Tasting: 8 Vineyards To Visit This Fall3 of 8TweetView All3 of 8Channing Daughters WineryChanning Daughters Winery Known for its bold experimentation with wine flavors and styles, the Channing Daughters Winery is making a statement in the East End. General manager Allison Dubin says September is the best month to visit because the wine making process is on full display and it's less crowded. Click HERE for more info. [Photo via]3 of 8Latest from InstagramSeanad Éireann Debate
Vol. 28 No. 6
Agriculture (Amendment) Bill, 1943—Second Stage.
I want to raise two small points. Section 2, sub-section (2), says:— “No person shall be paid under this section expenses in respect of a meeting held at a place less than five miles by any route fro...
Office of the Houses of the Oireachtas, Leinster House, Dublin 2. Ph: +353 1 618 3000
Freedom of Information - Government Website - Privacy Policy - AccessibilityMatt Herman San Francisco, California
San Francisco-based extended-range guitarist/looper with Storm Door, Disonova, and
solo.
Matt has logged about 20 years on the electric guitar, and has employed live looping techniques since 2001. Matt's guitar style has been influenced by the concept of extended-range guitar: a lower bass range that extends through a normal guitar's upper range. All loops are set up live and in the moment. ... more
Streaming and Download helpYes, it’s confirmed! Sallu miyaan is indeed teaming up with Dharma Productions head honcho
Karan Johar’s ambitious project Shuddhi has been in the news forever. Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor Khan were initially supposed to do the film but the duo soon backed out leaving Johar in a fix. But the talented filmmaker has found the male lead for his dream venture Shuddhi and it’s none other than Salman Khan. We caught up with the Being Human actor at Mehboob studios and that’s when he confirmed the news. He said, “I am doing a film with Mahesh Manjrekar right now. I am doing Boney Kapoor’s No Entry sequel, I am doing a film with Karan Johar and that’s Shuddhi, one with Aditya Chopra and one with Kabir Khan.”
With this confession, we are sure there is no more confusion regarding Shuddhi’s hero. But which starlet will romance Sallu in KJo’s film? Well, Salman told us, “We have not decided yet.” said Salman. Guess we’ll have to wait and see which B-town beauty bags this plum project.
Meanwhile, BL readers and all you Salman fans we are running a contest on our website just for you. Now you can dress like Salman Khan – all you have to do is click here and participate.
Acellular matrices for the treatment of wounds
An international consensus document on acellular matrix products in the treatment of hard-to-heal wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, venous leg ulcers and pressure ulcers.
Currently there is no definitive paper or guideline on the use of acellular matrices in acute and chronic wounds. To begin to address this, an expert working group convened in New York, USA in July 2010 to review current knowledge of acellular matrices and their rationale for use.
The recommendations in this document are based on the consensus opinion of the group and the available evidence. They aim to help both generalist and specialist clinicians decide when to use and how to select an appropriate acellular matrix. This document also aids understanding of how these products may be classified within the rapidly growing range of tissue-engineered products that are indicated for wound healing.
Acellular matrix products can be used in a wide variety of applications, including burns and reconstructive surgery, soft tissue and abdominal wall repair and as internal implants for orthopaedic use in joint resurfacing and tendon repair. This document focuses on the use of acellular matrices (or scaffolds) in hard-to-heal wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, venous leg ulcers and pressure ulcers.Louisville arson investigators said a group of friends is responsible for making bogus 911 calls, reporting explosions and fake house fires to dispatchers.
The calls have been happening since late 2011, but now one man has been arrested and warrants have just been issued for three more.
Nearly a dozen calls on two specific streets in south Louisville have been endangering the public and costing the city thousands of dollars.
"They had about five fire trucks, the fire chief, two police officers," said Paul Knowles, who was a victim of the bogus calls.
Knowles said he will not forget the night when dozens of firefighters were on his street and at his door.
"I asked him what was going on. He said, 'That's what we were going to ask you.' I said, 'I'm sitting here watching TV,'" said Knowles.
Crews were responding to what they thought was a house fire at Knowles' home on Bohannon Avenue after a 911 caller told dispatchers he was trapped inside.
Investigators said that caller was 20-year-old Melvin Wilson, and the call is one of three bogus ones he's now charged with making.
"It's just totally unacceptable," said Maj. Henry Ott with Louisville Metro Arson.
Ott said Wilson is the first of four friends to get caught in connection with the crimes.
He said they're now looking for Daniel Nolte, James Washburn and Daniel Allen, who are all accused of making the bogus calls.
Ott said the friends made a combined 11 calls from November 2011 until last week, and all of them have centered on homes on Bohannon and Sale avenues.
"It was a joy thing. They were sitting in a house and say, 'Let's send the fire department down here.' They'd pick up the phone and call," said Ott.
Investigators said a witness was able to confirm Wilson was one of the 911 callers, and now they're hoping they get some leads about the other guys wanted for doing the very same thing.
"It's very serious. It's a lot more than just the false reporting of an incident," said Ott.
All four men face multiple counts of wanton endangerment.
Anyone with information that can help authorities should call police or arson investigators at 502-574-3721.
Investigators said that in January 2012, Nolte, Wilson and Washburn were arrested for shooting paintballs at cars on an interstate.Las Vegas, NV -- (ReleaseWire) -- 05/19/2014 -- Nowadays it can be nearly overwhelming for music lovers to discover new and up-and-coming artists amidst the proliferation of independent talent that has hit the web over the past decade. So how can music fans sift through the noise to find where the best indie talent is coming from? Enter: WiFi PR Group’s compilation, Indie Anthems Vol. 5.
Indie Anthems Vol. 5 is the latest installment of WiFi PR Group’s Indie Anthems series, which is a collection of mixtapes designed to put rising international independent talent on the radars of music lovers and industry tastemakers the world over. Each volume has been released at a music event and handed out on thousands of download cards to festival attendees while another 1,500 free downloads are made available on each respective Indie Anthems volume’s website for a limited time.
For Indie Anthems Vol. 5, WiFi PR planned a release coinciding with the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival—aka “Coachella”—held in Indio, CA, last weekend. Coachella is one of the major U.S. music festivals, and tens of thousands of music fans, media professionals and industry movers and shakers descend upon the three-day event to enjoy about 170 acts on six stages set up throughout the festival grounds.
These 170 acts are comprised of not only big name artists, such as Arcade Fire, Lana Del Rey, Outkast, Queens of the Stone Age, Skrillex, Calvin Harris, Fishbone and Pixies, but also of up-and-coming independent artists, many of which are destined to crossover from small crowds to the massive audiences seen by the artists they shared the Coachella stages with.
Aiming to appease lovers of the big and smaller name acts alike, as well as the plethora of industry tastemakers in attendance, WiFi PR handed out 3,500 download cards of Indie Anthems Vol. 5 at the festival. This album was specially curated to inspire curiosity in the featured bands by those who are helping the current and next generation of music lovers find their future favorite bands.
On the album are everyone from dubstep artist Blaqout and hip-hop freestyling lyricist Connor Cassidy to hip-hop EDM crossover Xploder. The album covers R&B (The Kolten Experience), indie pop/rock (Analog Heart), reggae/dub/afrobeat (Chocolate Strings), blues rock (Stellify), Nu folk (Little Arrow), psychedelic soul (Afternoon Moon), punk-folk or “polk” (Hoodoo Zephyr), big band swing (Beantown Swing Orchestra), hard rock (The Dark Tides) and much more in between.
To expose as many independent artists as possible to the wealth of music industry folk that would be present at this festival, Indie Anthems Vol. 5 actually offers double the artists and tracks that were found on previous Indie Anthems installments, 39 songs in total. WiFi PR did an extensive job choosing which artists would appear on the release for Coachella to put its best foot forward in terms of presenting to these industry tastemakers all of the promising, rising talent that the company is keeping its eyes on.
Listeners and other members of the music industry can find free downloads of Indie Anthems Vol. 5 on its Bandcamp page for a limited time. The 39-track album is available in several high-quality formats (MP3, FLAC and more), and paying supporters also receive unlimited mobile access using the free Bandcamp listening app.
About Indie Anthems Vol. 5 Music
1. Xploder – “Out Of This World”
2. You Love Her Cos She's Dead – “Let Me Break”
3. Kenny Wesley – “Taffy”
4. The Scorseses – “The Assembly Line”
5. The Infatuations – “Dancin' On My Knees”
6. Analog Heart – “Elephant Song”
7. Pharaohs Playground – “Soul Crusher”
8. Tiger & The Rogues – “Trouble Maker”
9. Velshur – “Spanish Sound”
10. Chocolate Strings – “Rude World”
11. Lucy Kitt – “Right Or Wrong”
12. Simon Stirling – “San Diego”
13. Roy Mackonkey – “Great Divide”
14. Tchiya Amet – “Esho Funi”
15. Violet & The Undercurrents – “Runnin”
16. Surdoozaphonics – “New Digs”
17. Alex Rushin – “I Know And I Believe”
18. ZOO – “Maj”
19. Feather Beds – “Walter”
20. Broken Machine – “Drill My Head”
21. Connor Cassidy – “All On You”
22. The Big Lonesome – “S.O.S”
23. The Kolten Experience – “Love Your Body”
24. Waterplanet – “Love Song”
25. The Hard Luck – “Grind”
26. Ann Leung – “Mia's Song”
27. The Dark Tides – “Make Me Wanna”
28. Beantown Swing Orchestra – “Be Our Guest”
29. DJ Moonstone – “One Look”
30. Little Arrow – “Our Taste Is Violence”
31. Andy Sydow – “Find Me Baby”
32. Stellify – “Hide”
33. Flamin' Crows – “Crash and Burn”
34. Darlene Bailey – “Wrenches and Rags”
35. Sarah Class – “Make Me Free (Remix)”
36. Afternoon Moon – “Can't Sleep A Wink”
37. Zarm – “Corby”
38. Blaqout – “Insurrection”
39. Hoodoo Zephyr – “Paracetamol”
Indie Anthems Vol. 5 Website:
Indie Anthems Series Website:.Revision history of "There and Back Again: In the Footsteps of J.R.R. Tolkien's England"
Diff selection: mark the radio boxes of the revisions to compare and hit enter or the button at the bottom.
Legend: (cur) = difference with latest revision, (prev) = difference with preceding revision, m = minor edit.Investment bankers are busier than ever in Japan, thanks to a boom in overseas acquisitions, yet fees paid for their services are dwindling..Mgr, Market
Overview: Mosaic is a leading North American Integrated Agency, specializing in Experiential Marketing, Sales and Merchandising, and Interactive. At Mosaic, we are never satisfied with the status quo and are in constant search for new ideas and new ways to help our clients ...
May 21 -
Dallas - -
Lewisville - Sales & biz dev
May 21 -
Denton - Sales & biz dev
Entry Level Sales
May 21 -
Carrollton - Sales & biz dev
May 21 -
Waco - Sales & biz dev
May 21 -
Frisco - Sales & biz dev
May 21 -
McKinney - Sales & biz dev
Security & Loss Prevention Manager
Purpose/Function:Responsible for the operation, installation and maintenance of approved security systems, parking and traffic control, emergency procedures implementation, loss prevention policies and procedures, accident investigation and filing of necessary reports, ...
May 20 -
Fort Worth - Everything else
Area Sales Representative
May 20 -
Plano - Sales & biz dev
NOC Engineer (Switching)
This position is responsible to provide 7X24X365 Tier II support for all voice switching nodes (TDM/VoIP) within the network, including internal and external customers. Tier II is the gatekeeper for all Vendor support.
Responsibilities:
Tier II support for all Switching ...
May 20 -
Plano - Everything else
May 20 -
Fort Worth - Sales & biz dev
Supervising Community Association Manager
ATARID, Nationwide Specialist Recruiters to the Property, Hospitality and Asset Management Industries are being retained by our client who is seeking an experienced:
Supervising Community Association Manager - provide support, guidance, mentorship and be the "go to person" ...
May 20 -
Richardson - Real estate
Community Association Manager productive, profitable, competent
ATARID, Nationwide – Specialist Recruiters to the Property, Hospitality and Asset Management Industries are being retained by our Client, a property management corporation who are seeking an experienced:
Community Association Manager who is responsible for providing ...
May 20 -
Fort Worth - Real estate ...
May 20 -
Plano - Retail & wholesale
Trademark Attorney with 2+ years of PTO/copyright experience
Dallas office seeks trademark staff attorney with 2+ years of U.S. and foreign trademark counseling, clearance, and prosecution experience including reviewing clearance searches and preparing substantive responses to PTO office actions. The candidate will be drafting ...
May 20 -
Dallas - Legal
Pre-School Learning Center Co-Teacher
General Summary
Instruct preschool-aged children in activities designed to promote social, physical, and intellectual growth needed for primary school in preschool, day care center, or other child development facility. May be required to hold a CDA.
Co-Teachers will ...
May 20 -
Dallas - Education & training
May 19 -
Fort Worth - Retail & wholesale
Sales Representative
May 19 -
Waco - Sales & biz dev
May 19 -
Frisco - Sales & biz dev
May 19 -
Mesquite - Sales & biz dev
May 19 -
McKinney - Sales & biz dev
Director Compliance Investigations
We are assisting our Client, an innovative NEW high growth leader, with several job openings for experienced Compliance Investigations Manager.
Fast growing, phenomenal career growth and career advancement opportunities.
Do you enjoy making a contribution and being ...
May 18 -
Dallas - Accounting & finance
Sales Agent
May 18 -
Plano - Sales & biz dev
May 18 -
Dallas - Sales & biz dev
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription toTravel experts Paul Lasley and Elizabeth Harryman join Larry Mantle to share their trademark travel tips, including five great travel destinations for the coming year, great travel gadget gifts, travel to the Winter Olympics and more.
Travel gadgets recommended by Paul and Elizabeth: Bucky Travel Pillow and Eye Shades; Inflatable Travel Pillow by Travel Komfort Kollar; Ear Plugs by Howard Leight or 3M; Earplanes; Lexan travel cup and immersion heater; Tilley canvas hats; 3M Ultrathon Insect repellant; Small Seiko travel clock; Zelco currency converter; Fulton collapsible travel umbrella; MityLite or Maglite small flashlight; The Hello Series of Guidebooks (Wilson Publishing) to Under $100 a night hotels by Margo Classe; Hollywood Remains to be Seen: A Guide to Movie Starsç Final Homes (Cumberland House) by Mark Masek.Is all the Oregon tech activity a sign of brighter times ahead, or merely an aberration? This week's news points generally up.
IN THE NEWS
- Oregon's chip industry is abuzz with talk of a new research fab at Intel's Ronler Acres campus. It would be the biggest capital project in state history and a colossal boost to Oregon's economy.
- Meanwhile, Intel made the biggest deal in its history: A $7.7 billion acquisition of McAfee. McAfee will be a wholly owned subsidiary reporting to Intel's software group in Oregon.
- And the NYTimes looked at Smooth-Stone, an Austin startup that hopes to challenge Intel by putting ARM processors into servers.
- Willamette Week argued for "The Geek Cure," using open source technology to treat Oregon's economic woes.
- The Portland Seed Fund picked its managers, but won't be making any investments - yet.
- Mentor Graphics topped its forecast and raised its outlook.
- Longtime Oregon tech entrepreneur Craig Barnes has a new venture, CauseOn.
- Portland mobile payment specialist Tyfone indicated that it's raised $5 million.
- For a more complete list of Portland tech events, visit Calagator.
Note: I'm out next week. No update 'til the end of the month.Europeans state that the Americans had to "borrow" culture from all over the world, as though this were some sort of a Bad Thing. Oh no - hang on, people emigrated there, didn't they? Because they were poor or persecuted for their political or religious beliefs in Europe, wasn't it? And they made their homes there, didn't they? Built a country from scratch in a couple of generations, didn't they? And the reason America is the way that it is is that it had to be thus to survive!
They may have invented the airplane and mass production, but we invented the television, tarmac roads, the railway (railroad) - all that stuff, so we're inventive too, see? (Oh, hang on - that was the Scots.) Let's face it, we are an insular bunch sometimes...
Americans are Americans, perhaps different, because of their widely varied cultural backgrounds, but what the heck - Vive la difference! Now I'll get me coat. For me, this argument is clearly over.
An English apologist
Log in or registerto write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comWelcome to the youwin sports news and data centre
Here you can see all the latest news and reviews, featuring the latest happenings in the sporting world that allows you to keep up to date with the latest happenings and allowing you to make informed decisions on your bet. Choose from a selection of sports that we cover, including football, cricket, tennis, basketball and rugby.
Great sporting opinions and insights
On top of our regular news articles, we also have our renowned daily bloggers who will give you there in depth analysis and opinions on the next big football games coming up within some of the most popular football leagues in the world, including the English Premier League, German Bundesliga, and South American football leagues, specifically focusing on the Mexican and Argentinean leagues.
Bet settler calculator
On top of the latest news and opinions, we also have a great betting calculator tool to allow you to see the returns on your best including all types of common multiples and accumulators. One of the great and unique features of our bet calculator is the fact that the you can change the permutations of your multiples even after you’ve completed all the odds. This means you can see your potential returns now even more easily on different types of bets.Unfortunately Armor Forensics Storage, Carrying Case Ea is no longer carried by OpticsPlanet. You can also explore other items in the CSI and Forensic Supplies Storage, Carrying Case Ea was developed to be a perfect resource for basically any crime scene. Constructed to satisfy the ever widening expectations of present-day crime scene investigators, these CSI and Forensic Supplies via the industry professionals at Armor Forensics have been designed by using leading edge substances and construction to supply you with years and years of durability and functionality. Armor Forensics has been in the market place of helping to make excellent Crime Scene Investigation Supplies for a number of years, and the Armor Forensics Storage, Carrying Case Ea is the end result of their initiatives to ensure that you have got the best products for the job. Here at OpticsPlanet, it is our responsibility to supply you with the most beneficial products to choose from, and the Armor Forensics Storage, Carrying Case Ea is just one that we are glad to offer. For an awesome way to have the means to secure your individual, select the Armor Forensics Storage, Carrying Case Ea.
Storage, Carrying Case Ea Storage, Carrying Case, Uom = Ea, Product Family - EquipmentHi, I read cold.system a lot, and we've recently finished a minor flamewar about some really worthless stuff. It wasn't even "should therehave been a 2.0.30", but merely people insulting the developers when the"upgrade" to 2.0.30 didn't work as good as 2.0.29. This was mainlybecause they didn't understand how Linux development works, but alsobecause they they that the "stable" releases were somehow guaranteed tobe stable. How do YOU check on the stability of a release? I read thelinux-kernel archives, and I used to (and hopefully will again) look atthe unnofficial patch list on linuxhq. However, lots of newbies don'tknow that. So, some people (myself included) have put forth some ideas on some wayof actually MEASURING the stability of kernels. One of my favorite wasone somebody else mentioned: have a utility kind of like the 'makecheck' things that come with bash that tests the kernel currentlyrunning for stability, memory leaks, etc. I know people have"kernel-killers" out there :) If some standard test suite wereavailable, then everyone could upload their results. However, althoughwe can test much of the kernel pretty well, we might have somedifficulty testing wierd components. I suppose we could try to get eachdeveloper to write a stress-tester for his/her subsystem. Has anyone (LMP perhaps?) started this already? Will this work? Thanks for the info.-BenRIVideos tagged “interest rate”
Are Low Long-Term Rates Here to Stay?
380.05.04B After-Tax Interest Rates
380.05.04B After-Tax Interest Rates
Bank Secrets Revealed
Basic Bond Pricing
3 bedroom 2 bathroom in Pincourt
2 bedroom Condo for Rent St Genevieve/Pierrefonds
2 Bedroom Condo for Sale St Laurent
Best Home Mortgage Loan
Bonds Course
What are Tags?
Tags are keywords that describe videos. For example, a video of your Hawaiian vacation might be tagged with "Hawaii," "beach," "surfing," and "sunburn."Little Black Book: Coastal Maine
by Ilaria Urbinati
An Italian raised in Paris who now splits her time between Los Angeles and Brooklyn, celebrity stylist and co-owner of Confederacy Ilaria Urbinati fuels her obsession with Americana through country music, back issues of Cottage Living, and long weekends spent exploring the nation. She recently checked Maine off her must-see list.
CAMDEN, Maine – In Maine, everyone is "from away" unless their family has been there for generations. If you can find some old locals and get them going, that's the best — they have their own language and the greatest sense of hometown pride. I love the contrast of by-the-book prep towns like Kennebunkport and Camden and gorgeous rural farm areas like Norway. Camden/Rockport is particularly amazing because you can get everything from nature adventures, like kayaking on lakes, to fancy excursions on gorgeous yachts. It's also home to the best fish shacks and fine dining I've ever experienced. It can be anything you want it to be.
Where to Stay
The Country Inn
8 Country Inn Way, Rockport; +1-800-707-3945
There are lots of cute inns all over the town but this one is the cutest — and it's dog-friendly. Ask for one of the cottages. Each one has its own little kitchen and living room.
The White Barn Inn
37 Beach Ave., Kennebunk; +1-207-967-2321
It's fab and fancy for a treat. Amazing food and a gorgeous swimming pool and spa. It's worth stopping by — even if only for a meal.
What to Do
Ducktrap Kayak
2175 Atlantic Hwy., Lincolnville; +1-207-236-8608
Call ahead for a reservation and these guys will have everything ready to go when you arrive. They'll suit you up in a life vest, drive you down to Lake Mugunticook, send you on your way in a kayak, and pick you up when you're through. There are many good spots along the shore where you can pull over, rest your paddles, eat, swim, and lay out. Two things to look out for: bald eagles in the trees; locals jumping off a massive rock into the water (the best diving spot around).
Where to Shop
L.L. Bean
95 Main St., Freeport; +1-877-755-2326
Prep heaven is open 24-hours a day. Nothing is more authentically east coast than L.L. Bean and this is the mecca. Be a nerdy tourist and get a photo taken with the giant boot out front. Check the calendar for weekly farmers markets and cute events like Hometown Celebrations, where they give away ice cream cones and Red Sox tickets.
What to Eat
The Dip Net
1 Cold Storage Rd., Port Clyde; +1-207-372-6307
After checking out the lighthouses along the coast, dig into the best lobster roll in the area (according to my lobster roll-enthusiast husband). Excellent root beer floats (according to me).
The Market Basket
Corner of Route 1 and Route 90, Rockport; +1-207-236-4371
Right down the street from The Country Inn, this place makes you want to pack a picnic and spend the day on the lake.
Natalie's
83 Bayview St., Camden; +1-207-236-7008
I have this place on my to-do list for next time. It came highly recommended but I didn't go myself. It's inside the beautiful Camden Harbour Inn and the only real fancy dining experience in the area.
Paolina's Way
7 Public Landing, Camden; +1-207-230-0555
Local organic Italian food right on the harbor. The meat lasagna is insanely good. I would fly back there now just for that. If the weather is nice, sit outside. Technically you'll be eating lunch in a parking lot, but it's such a cool vibe.
Primo
2 S. Main St., Camden; +1-207-596-0770
You must eat here. Call for a reservation as soon as you book your trip. It's the ultimate farm-to-table meal. Each room of the barn house has been converted into a dining room. The produce and animals are grown and harvested on the property. One of the best eating experiences of my life.
Red's Eats
47 Water St., Wiscasset; +1-207-882-6128
True, my husband liked the lobster roll at The Dip Net better, but Red's Eats is an institution. Be prepared for a line around the block. Save room for blueberry ice cream.
Shepard's Pie
18 Central St., Rockport; +1-207-236-8500
Sit at the counter and talk to the old staff behind the bar. Order the — wait for it — shepherd's pie. The burger and the duck are excellent as well.
Treats
80 Main St., Wiscasset; +1-207-882-6192
A very quaint specialty foods shop. Stop by for baked goods in the morning or wine and cheese later in the day. It's also a good spot to pick up made-in-Maine pantry goods and edible souvenirs.
FIND IT
See all locations for this story. (Google Maps)
SHOP IT
Pick up supplies for a country weekend.Five random tasks that seem to change hourly:
- Today, I received quotes for roof repair of the building that we are currently converting from an insurance company into a school.
- Weekly, I review samples of uniforms, textbooks, pool nets, classroom furniture, bathroom and kitchen products, student supplies, and all manner of other materials.
- Recently, I was put in charge of selling several thousand dollars worth of office furniture that the former renters left behind when they vacated the building.
We are all learners here- there are infinite details to consider as we build a safe school with adequate resources to drive student achievement and happiness. Jumping into the deep end, though, is not just a question of tangible materials. Because our staff come from varied backgrounds- geographically, intellectually, and in terms of career experience- we spend much of our time in healthy debate. I find myself trying to soak up as much business knowledge as possible so that I can understand the intricacies of marketing, admission, fees, and long-term sustainability. Our business-minded team members ask questions constantly about assessment, special education, behavior management, and curriculum. I am grateful and proud to be part of a founding team that is humble and thoughtful in disagreement and, ultimately, unified in our decisions.
On Saturday, September 22nd, we will have our first Open Day for families interested in enrolling at Spark Ferndale. We will set-up a model classroom, provide access to our online software, and serve refreshments as families meet our staff and register for the 2013 school year. As I have met with families over the past month, I have been struck by the universal sentiment expressed that excellent educational options are simply inaccessible in South Africa. Even the majority of government (public) schools charge fees that far surpass the fees our private school will charge next year. Those that do not charge fees exist in dire circumstances: often operating with no running water, inconsistent teacher attendance, outdated textbooks and few student materials, little compliance with state assessments, and lack of professional development and leadership opportunities. The market here actually differs substantially from that of the United States, where the injustice lies in the juxtaposition of well-resourced public schools and failing public schools, both of which are free. Here, there are no free education options that truly teach students. The private school system has expanded rapidly to fill in gaps left by the government, but there are still very few affordable options for low and middle income families. As such, our school (and in the future, our entire network) will serve a diverse community of students, in terms of race and geography; what these students will have in common is a need to access internationally-competitive education for an affordable price.
I am, to put it simply, so happy to be living and working here. I think of my Rocketship students and imagine our future Spark scholars and feel filled with purpose and appreciation, even when the roof leaks or I am coordinating toilet paper delivery.
For the kids,
BaileyVolunteers for Orphans education, Health care,community development
Publicado el 15/01/2015
Kisumu, Kisumu, Kenia
Husambae Community Based Organization
Únete como voluntario
Sobre nosotros
Husambae project is a registered non-profit making organization with the mission of educating the vulnerable orphans and supporting widows whom some are HIV/AIDS.We volunteer support to the needy vulerable orphans and widows.The project was registered with the ministry of Gender social and services and operate within Nayanza and western provinces.
The project inted to network with other organizations,volunteers,wellwishers who are ready and willing to change the lives of the vulnerable orphans and widows within the catchment area of the project operation.We are curently having 106 widows we support in the project whom most of them are HIV/AIDS Positive,325 volunerable children whom some are also HIV+ and most of them ,their parents died of HIV/AIDS and we take care of them ,take them to schools.The project wishes after having problem with the sick transporting them to Hospitals which are very far from their villages and we luck vehicle for transporting them,maybe sometimes there is a lot of rainfall which cause delay for on the way and most of them lose lives on the way to hospitals,Luck of children home to keep them together,luck of enough food,clothes,and others.
Husambae Community based organization is currently requesting volunteers,wellwishers,Donors,organizations to help us raise funds to support these members of the project have a home for the children,food,drugs,and others.Currently there is a lot of rainfall and our people suffer a lot.Our budget for now to start is $ 8500 only and we have also have a volunteer who has accepted to donate three computers for the children.We call upon anyone to help us.
Our A/C Details for the project are as follows;
1 .Bank Name; National bank of Kenya LTD
2. Branch; Kisumu
3. Swift Code; NBKEKENXXX
4. A/C NO; 0124827068400
5. A/C Name; Husambae Community Based Organization
6. Po box 7108-40100 Kisumu-Kenya
We will highly thank you so much for your generous support to these needy and sick people of husambae.You can also feel free to contact Executive Director should you have any question,or want to donate some materials for the group or anything on Email; mchlbole@yahoo.com OR call direct cell +254720606352
Thank you so much and may GOD bless you so much.
Yours sincerely,
Michael Joseph Bole,
Project Director,
Tel+254720606352,
Kisumu-Kenya
Palabras clave
Información de contacto
Fecha de creación: 2006
Número de identificación del gobierno: 2575388
Página(s) web:
husambae.org
Teléfono: +254720606352
Dirección:
p.o Box7108-40100, p.o Box7108-40100, kisumu, KE.900, Kenia, 40100BELFAST, Maine — With just over half the votes counted, the municipal election of three City Councilors and the recall of two other councilors was too close to call.
Preliminary unofficial results indicate the Ward 2 incumbent councilor Roger Lee was trailing newcomer Julieta Zeilor, and Lewis Baker had a slight lead over Jeanne Gail in the race to fill an open seat in Ward 5. Marina Delune was unopposed in her race for the Ward 1 seat.
The attempt to recall incumbent Ward 3 councilor Cathie Heberer and incumbent Ward 4 councilor Jan Anderson was breaking in their favor by a slight margin.
Still uncounted at press time were the approximately 1,600 absentee ballots. Those numbers amount to nearly one-half of the city’s registered voters.
In the Ward 2 race, Zeilor polled 748 votes, Lee had 660 votes and the third candidate in the race, Ernest Howie, had 318 votes.
In the race for Ward 5, Baker received 800 votes, Gail had 620 and Blaine Richardson trailed the field with 317.
Delune topped the ticket with 1,358 votes.
In the recall race, 795 voters opposed recalling Heberer, while 977 voted in favor of the recall. For Anderson, 990 voters opposed her recall, while 950 voted in favor.
The move to recall Anderson and Heberer was mounted by a group of residents angry by their vote to change the zoning on a tract of land that had been designated as suitable for a big-box store.
The 80-acre Special Commercial District had been established by referendum and many in the city were angry that the City Council overturned that vote. The council did so after having established a big-box district its members felt was more suitable for development than the one favored by the voters. Supporters of the recall were able to obtain the 1,200 signatures needed to place the measure on the ballot, but were unable to overcome the city-wide support for Anderson and Heberer.
More than 1,600 absentee ballots were filed in before the election prompting City Clerk Roberta Fogg to rent another vote-counting machine to handle them. Fogg began processing the ballots when the polls opened Tuesday morning and was still tabulating them when they closed two hours after the polls closed.Thieves target Gadsden church; members target thief with lovecomment (0)
April 19, 2012
By Anna Keller
James Memorial Baptist Church, Gadsden, has suffered about $20,000 in damages within the last few months thanks to theft. Last December, the Etowah Baptist Association church discovered that someone had been tampering with the air conditioning unit and had stolen pieces of copper — leaving the unit destroyed.
“What the thief was doing was stealing copper pipe that ran from the a.c. unit to the building, then stealing the copper coil from the unit itself,” Pastor Mike Allums said. “When they do that, they rupture the lines and freon goes everywhere.”
Unfortunately, the church was hit again in late January. And James Memorial wasn’t the only victim. Other churches in the area were reporting the same problem.
“It was surprising at first to think someone could do that to a house of God,” said Orva McDonald, the church’s treasurer. “We couldn’t believe [it] was actually happening, that someone was stealing from churches and businesses and community centers around town.”
After being hit twice (and instating a watch committee that signed up for shifts to keep an eye on the church’s property overnight), James Memorial leaders decided it was time to invest in a security system. They were concerned that their insurance premiums would increase or — even worse — that they’d lose their coverage.
The church installed a laser-beam system in March, and early one morning the thief attempted to once again break into the units. But because the security system was in place, he moved across the street to a Church of Christ church instead.
Finally, in early April, the thief was arrested, which was a relief to the many churches and businesses that had been targeted in recent months.
“He broke the law, so it was the right thing to press charges, but we also agreed that we needed to reach out to this man and in some way express the love of Christ to him,” Allums said.
“We had a responsibility to the community and other churches to see that he was punished, but we still felt an obligation to reach out.”
Since the arrest happened so recently, Allums isn’t yet sure what reaching out will look like for his congregation, but he has seen the church’s members show support for the idea.
“I think it’s good that we’re going to reach out,” McDonald said. “This young man is 19 years old. We want to show we forgive him and want to help him out. We want to show him we still care about him.”
Comment (0)
Be the first to post a comment.
Post your commentSACRAMENTO-
A remorseful 20-year-old dad, Alias McLaughlin, sat in a protective suit inside the jail Thursday, where he’s been booked for murdering his 3-week-old daughter, Ada.
A bit stoic at first, he eventually broke down when thinking about his family – his mother, especially.
“I would not be able to look at my family and my mom especially, that I gave a granddaughter to her, when I’m her only child. I will not be able to look at her, face-to-face ever again,” McLaughlin told FOX40.
Sacramento Police said McLaughin caused fatal injuries to the infant’s head, after he allegedly threw her down and shook her.
The young father doesn’t deny what he did, saying he dropped Ada “about an inch” up before she hit a pile of blankets on the floor.
“At that moment, I knew it was gonna happen. I knew something bad was gonna happen. Why? I heard, I heard a [thump on phone], just a small [noise] I knew at that moment. I was already crying. I was already crying,” he said.
whitesentra98
I would hope he is remorseful, but that does not bring back his daughter. Too late, lost his temper and now has to pay the consequences.
h0n3yb4dg3r
I think it wasnt on purpose, and this young man has suffered already- Events
- Education
- Credit & Country Reports
- Members Only
- Join FCIB
- About FCIB
- Certifications
FCIB - the premier association of executives in Finance, Credit and International Business - in partnership with Michigan State University, presents a unique educational opportunity to export professionals and companies.
EventList powered by schlu.netAt 11:56 08/02/2002 +0100, Jos De_Roo wrote: >where is the inconsistency Brian??? >It's actually "good luck" that we *cannot* prove everything!!! > >-- >Jos > >ps I agree with 3 This is intuition; I'm woefully ignorant on all this logic stuff. 3 seems to imply that you need the existence of a statement in a graph to entail the reified statement, which is what I'd expect if the reified statement represented an *occurrence* of a statement, i.e. a stating. If one regards statements as the sort of abstract things that the formal part of M&S suggests to me (pps, danc and others), then to borrow a phrase from Pat, they all exist in "platonic heaven" - no occurrence is required to entail them. So I find the combination of: o a reified statement models a statement o you need an occurence of a statement to entail its reification tingles my antenae. I will now curl up into a feotal ball and await a kicking from the logicians. BrianReceived on Friday, 8 February 2002 06:31:18 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Wednesday, 7 January 2015 14:53:55 UTCOriginal recipe yields 8 servings
Amount per serving ({{servings}} total)
Based on a 2,000 calorie diet
Prep
Cook
Ready In
This was a tasty recipe. I cooked it on the stove top and it turned out fine. I think ranch dressing would be good on this too.
Loved the burgers, I added about 1/2 cup of dried onion rings which added some flavor for sure.
This was yummy. The burger has a softer more meatloaf texture due to the addition of the crumbs (I used panko), so you do need to toast the bun to get some crunch in this. The peppers and cilant...Occupational Psychologist
What We DoThis area of psychology has to do with the assessment and success of a company and the employees within that company. Occupational Psychologists work to improve performance and efficiency in the staff by teaching time management, dealing with ergonomic needs and advising and training personnel.
Work EnvironmentThis area of psychology takes place in businesses and large corporations, but some Occupational Psychologists may choose to work out of a private office as a consultant.
How to BecomeAn Occupational Psychologist can be hired with a master's degree in some cases, but most business require a Ph.D. and a doctoral degree is necessary for private practice.
Job OutlookThe employment outlook for this position shows a 12% growth rate from 2012 to 2022, which is about average.
SalaryThe average national salary of jobs for Occupational Psychologist was $82,000 with a high confidence ranking based on over 250 sources. Average Occupational Psychologist salaries for job postings nationwide are 41% higher than average salaries for all job postings nationwide.
Training & Certification RequirementsLicensure is required in all fifty states for a career in the field of Occupational Psychology.
Education RequirementsMaster's. Search Psychology Master's Degrees.
Compare the Top Salary SitesWe've researched the salary levels for Occupational Psychologist from the top 3 job websites including Indeed.com, Careerbuilder.com and SimplyHired.com. Below are the compared salaries for Occupational Psychologist:
Below are the salaries for Occupational Psychologist, as quoted by the top job websites:
All brand names are trademarks of their respective owners. All salary source data is public & accurate as of 2015-05-22.melanie
Original recipe yields 8 servings
Amount per serving ({{servings}} total)
Based on a 2,000 calorie diet
Prep
Cook
Ready In
The flavor of the sauce was delicious! I recommend using more broccoli and cooking the onion rings separately then adding then to the casserole--I ended up with soggy onion rings. However, overa...
I love this recipe, I've made it atleast 5 times. I prefer cream of celery soup for casseroles, works great for this recipe. I also pre-bake the onion rings before I put them on top.
This was the BEST tasting cassrole that I have ever tasted, with broccoli. My neighbor hates broccoli, and she loved it and wanted the recipe, that should tell you something! Thanks, this will b...Download the New Nine Inch Nails Album for FREE!
As the band's way of thanking their fans for their continued support, Trent Reznor announced via the NIN website that you can download the entire new Nine Inch Nails album “The Slip” for free.
Yes, you read that correctly. The entire album, almost 45 minutes of new music from Nine Inch Nails is free as in beer, yours to keep forever, 100% DRM free.
And this is no low-bitrate MP3. You can download the album in high-quality fully-tagged MP3 (~273kbps) as well as full CD quality FLAC or M4A for free. There's even a higher-than-CD quality 24/96 WAVE, also free.
As if that's not progressive enough, they top it off by encouraging you to “remix it, share it with your friends, post it on your blog, play it on your podcast, give it to strangers, etc.”
Kudos Trent. And thanks!
P.S. I've listened to the whole album and frankly it's not my cup of tea, but I was just so impressed by the offer that I had to write it up.
P.P.S. If NIN is your cup of tea, you might also want to shop for Nine Inch Nails concert DVDs right here on Jamtopia.
1 Comment
Album Releases | Free Music | Nine Inch NailsHey people ;)
I'm sorry to be nagging about this, but I promised Noel I'd help, and
I see that the nagging really is necessary, unfortunately. Hopefully
it will be effective ;)
All but one podling (Woden) that are due to report this month have yet
to do so. Please submit reports on the wiki page at by this Wednesday,
February 14th, also known as one of the most over-commercialized
holidays in the US, Valentine's Day.
Thanks,
Yoav
On 2/10/07, Yoav Shapira <yoavs@apache.org> wrote:
> Howdy Incubator folk,
>
> This is just a friendly reminder that your Board reports are due by
> this Wednesday, the 14th, on the wiki page at
> .
>
> Congrats to Woden for getting the first report in and on time ;)
>
> Can you, and other podlings, please include a one-sentence summary of
> what your project is about at the beginning of your report?
>
> Thanks, and expect a repeat of this email in another couple of days,
>
> Yoav
>
> On 2/8/07, Noel J. Bergman <noel@devtech.com> wrote:
> > See
> >
> > This month's reports are DUE BY February 14. That's next Wednesday.
> >
> > --- computing systems generate vast amounts of electronic data. Accordingly, many techniques have been developed to organize electronic data in a useful manner. These techniques typically attempt to organize data to facilitate access, manipulation, and/or searching thereof.
“Tags” (i.e., metadata) may be associated with data to assist searching of the data. In the case of data generated by an application (e.g., a sales report), the application may assign tags to the data based on the parameter values which were used to generate the data (e.g., Year 2010, New York Region, handbags). If a search query including one or more of these tags is subsequently received, the associated data (i.e., the sales report) is located based on the tags and returned within the corresponding search results. The data may also be indexed based on the tags to provide faster searching.
To be effective, the foregoing systems require consistency in the assignment of tags to data and in the tags themselves. This consistency may be provided automatically in the case of structured data, and in the case of data generated based on structured data, by simply using the underlying schema to determine the appropriate tags.
Tagging of user-generated data presents difficulties. For example, a user is typically unfamiliar with an underlying schema and/or with underlying assignment conventions, and is therefore unable to properly tag user-generated data. Accordingly, this data is typically stored without tags or with tags that are not consistent with the tags of other stored data. Consequently, the user-generated data is not as effectively-searchable as other system data.
- Top of Page
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of a system according to some embodiments.
FIG. 2 is a flow diagram of a process according to some embodiments.
FIG. 3 is an outward view of a user interface according to some embodiments.
FIG. 4 is an outward view of a user interface according to some embodiments.
FIG. 5 is a data schema according to some embodiments.
FIG. 6 is a block diagram of a computing device according to some embodiments.
The following description is provided to enable any person in the art to make and use the described embodiments and sets forth the best mode contemplated for carrying out some embodiments. Various modifications, however, will remain readily apparent to those in the art.
FIG. 1 is a block diagram of system 100 according to some embodiments. FIG. 1 represents a logical architecture for describing processes according to some embodiments, and actual implementations may include more or different components arranged in other manners. Other topologies may be used in conjunction with other embodiments. Moreover, each system described herein may be implemented by any number of computing devices in communication with one another via any number of other public and/or private networks. Two or more of such computing devices of may be located remote from one another and may communicate with one another via any known manner of network(s) and/or a dedicated connection. Each computing.
Application server 110 may provide functionality based on data of data store 120. Application server 110 may also provide business context and logic to assist with the interpretation of the data. In this regard, according to some embodiments, application server 110 may encapsulate the data into business objects including both data and related logic.
Application server 110 may provide business processes to clients as is known in the art. A business process may comprise. One or more business processes may be implemented as a Web Service and exposed via Web Services of application server 110. Embodiments may comprise any types of business processes, Web Services, and software-provided functions that are or becomes known.
Data store 120 may comprise a physical and/or an in-memory (e.g., in Random Access Memory) database, or any other type of data store that is or becomes known. A portion of the data stored in data store 120 may be associated with metadata, and this metadata may include tags or other semantic information. The data of data store 120 may be received from disparate hardware and software systems, some of which are not interoperational with one another. The systems may comprise a back-end data environment employed in a business or industrial context. The data may be pushed to data store 120 and/or provided in response to queries received therefrom.
Data store 120 may comprise a relational database, a multi-dimensional database, an eXtendable Markup Language (XML) document, or any other structured data storage system. The data of data store 120 may be distributed among several relational databases, dimensional databases, and/or other data sources. To provide economies of scale, data store 120 may include data of more than one customer. In such an implementation, application server 110 includes mechanisms to ensure that a client accesses only the data that the client is authorized to access. Moreover, the data of data store 120 may be indexed and/or selectively replicated in index 125 to allow fast retrieval thereof.
Client device 130 may present user interfaces to allow interaction with business applications executed by application server 110. Presentation of a user interface may comprise any degree or type of rendering, depending on the type of user interface code generated by server 110. For example, client device 130 may execute a Web Browser to receive a Web page (e.g., in HTML format) from application server 110, and may render and present the Web page according to known protocols. Client device 130 application may be stored in a compressed, uncompiled and/or encrypted format. In some embodiments, hard-wired circuitry may be used in place of, or in combination with, program code for implementation of processes according to some embodiments. Embodiments are therefore not limited to any specific combination of hardware and software.
Data is presented at S210. The data is associated with a data space and is presented within an application process. A data space may refer to a set of data associated with particular dimension values, an Online Analytical Processing (OLAP) cube, or any other definable set of data. The data presented at S210 may be a subset of all data associated with the data space, and other data (i.e., data not associated with the data space) may be presented at S210 as well.
The application process of S210 may comprise a business process provided to client device 130 by application server 110. For example, a user may operate client device 130 to request a business process from application server 110. In response, client device 130 may receive and present a user interface such as user interface 300 of FIG. 3.
Interface 300 is presented as a “tabbed” Web page, with tab 310 showing the name of the requested application process. Text 320 identifies a step of the application process, while UI controls (e.g., hyperlinks) 330 are associated with sub-steps of step 320. One of the UI controls 330 (e.g., Review Competitors) has been selected, and corresponding data 340 is presented within area 350.
Data 340 may be presented in any suitable manner, including but not limited to tables, charts, graphs, etc. Data 340 is associated with a data space defined by dimension value controls 360. In some embodiments, the data space may be changed by selecting one or more of controls 360, which may or may not result in a change to presented data 340. Embodiments are not limited to the types of application processes or to the examples of data presentation described herein.
Next, at S220, an annotation is received from a user during presentation of the data within the application process. The annotation may include one or more of a text comment, an attachment (e.g., a document, a report, an analytical visualization), and/or other data. Returning to FIG. 3, a user may select Annotate control 370 prior to S220, resulting in presentation of dialog 400 of FIG. 4.
The user may manipulate dialog 400 to input an annotation. For example, the user may type a comment (as shown) into comment area 410 and select Add Comment control 420 to transmit the comment to application server 110. Additionally or alternatively, the user may select Add File control 430 to select a file (e.g., through a subsequently-presented file selection dialog) and transmit the selection to application server 110. The annotation (e.g., comment, file, and/or other data) may be semantically-related to both the application process and the data space of presented data 340.
The received annotation is stored at 5230 in association with one or more semantic tags. The one or more semantic tags indicate the current data space and the current application process. FIG. 5 illustrates a schema for storing such tags in association with an annotation according to some embodiments.
Schema 500 includes table 510 to specify various field values of the annotation, table 520 to indicate a type of the annotation, and table 530 to define metadata associated with any file attachments of an annotation. In some embodiments the type in table 520 may be hierarchical (e.g., document >Word document).
Table 540 defines semantic tags to indicate a data space and an application process. These tags may be associated with an annotation such as a comment and/or an attachment represented by an instance of table 510. For example, with respect to the example of FIG. 4, S230 may comprise generation of an instance of table 540 including the following data:
Another instance may be created as follows,
ContextItemValue: 2009.total
and yet another instance as follows:
Moreover, the following semantic tags may be created to indicate the application process as follows:
The foregoing instances may be associated with a particular annotation through the annotation ID field of table 540.
As described above, a process may include steps and sub-steps. In this regard, table 540 may allow creation of corresponding semantic tags:
ContextItemName: Review and update strategy
ContextItemType: Process step
and
ContextItemType: Process substep
By virtue of the foregoing, the structured data (e.g., tables, cubes), semi-structured data (e.g., comments) and unstructured data (e.g., files) of data store 120 may be associated with consistent semantic tags. Such association may facilitate analysis, searching, and aggregation of these various types of data.
According to the present embodiment, the stored annotation is indexed at S240 based on the one or more semantic tags. S240 may occur periodically, as it may be inefficient to re-generate index 125 each time a new annotation and its associated semantic tags are stored. As described above, this indexing allows for faster searching of data based on queries including the semantic tags.
Flow returns to S210 to repeat as described above. The application process and/or the data space may change during subsequent cycles of process 200. For example, if the user uses controls 360 to change the current data space, a subsequently-input annotation will be stored in association with semantic tags indicating the new data space and indicating the same application process. Conversely, if the user accesses the same data space in a new application process, an input annotation will be stored in association with semantic tags indicating the new application process and the same data space.
Process 200 may be executed for each user served by application server 110. Therefore, a second user may view data of a data space within an application process as shown in FIGS. 3 and 4. The second user may also input an annotation to be stored in association with semantic tags indicating the data space and the application process of FIGS. 3 and 4. In this regard, table 510 includes a User ID field to associate each annotation with its creator, but embodiments are not limited thereto.
As a result of process 200, annotations relevant to a user\'s current task may be efficiently located. For example, a user viewing data of a data space within an application may be selectively presented with annotations that are associated with semantic tags indicating the same data space and application process. The annotations may have been created by the user or by another user.
FIG. 6 is a block diagram of apparatus 600 according to some embodiments. Apparatus 600 may comprise a general-purpose computing apparatus and may execute program code to perform any of the functions described herein. Apparatus 600 may comprise an implementation of one or more elements of system 100. Apparatus 600 may include other unshown elements according to some embodiments.
Apparatus 600 includes processor 610 operatively coupled to communication device 620, data storage device 630, one or more input devices 640, one or more output devices 650 and memory 660. Communication device 620 may facilitate communication with external devices, such as client device 130. Input device(s) 640 may comprise, for example, a keyboard, a keypad, a mouse or other pointing device, a microphone, knob or a switch, an infra-red (IR) port, a docking station, and/or a touch screen. Input device(s) 640 may be used, for example, to enter information into apparatus 600. Output device(s) 650 may comprise, for example, a display (e.g., a display screen) a speaker, and/or a printer.
Data storage device 630 may comprise any appropriate persistent storage device, including combinations of magnetic storage devices (e.g., magnetic tape, hard disk drives and flash memory), optical storage devices, Read Only Memory (ROM) devices, etc., while memory 660 may comprise Random Access Memory (RAM).
Program code 632 of data storage device 630 may be executable by processor 610 to provide any of the processes described herein. Embodiments are not limited to execution of these processes by a single apparatus. Business data 634 may comprise any suitable data in any suitable format (e.g., row-based, columnar, object-based), while index 636 may comprise an inverted index of data 634. In some embodiments, index 636 indexes at least a portion of data 634 based on associated semantic tags as described herein. Data storage device 630 may also store data and other program code for providing additional functionality and/or which are necessary for operation thereof, such as device drivers, operating system files, etc.
The embodiments described herein are solely for the purpose of illustration. Those in the art will recognize other embodiments may be practiced with modifications and alterations limited only by the claims.11 Feb 2013
The global downturn in GDP is set to continue in 2013 through to 2014 and is expected to ease in 2015, according to Dr Azar Jammine, chief economist at Econometrix.
According to Sizwe Nxedlana, FNB chief economist, the outlook for 2013 is positive despite a revised GDP growth from 3 percent to 2.7 percent.
Jammine was speaking at the Economic Outlook Conference 2013 held at the Gordon Institute of Business Science in Illovo, Johannesburg.
Read about the 2012 outlook here.
According to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) revisions, world GDP is expected to reach 4.1 percent in April, 3.9 percent in July and 3.6 percent in October.
Furthermore, IMF forecast growth for South Africa to be 3.6 percent between 2012 and 2016.
Jammine points out that the economy in South Africa is growing slowly with more money being invested into the financial markets.
He believes that if interest rates continue at their lowest levels, 2013 could be a good year for South Africa, pointing out that foreign investors have been buying bonds hence the liquidity in the bond market.
The Rand will remain under pressure but will not crash. However, he reckons some changes will happen as the world recognises that there are opportunities in the emerging markets as it is cheaper to buy in those markets than the developed markets.
“You can buy more with a Dollar in SA than in the US,” he says.
Econometrix expects the Rand to reach R9.10 against the USD by the fourth quarter of 2013.
Other issues of concern include high levels of youth unemployment, increased dependency on social grants and social unrest due to low levels of service delivery.
He expects interest rates to remain low and against this background, he believes a three percent economic growth for South Africa is not impossible.
Econometrix expects the Rand to reach R9.10 against the USD by the fourth quarter of 2013.
Professor Adrian Saville, chief investment officer of Cannon Asset Managers, expects the economy to grow by 2.5 percent while the Sub-Saharan will reach 6.6 percent.
Saville says the economy is very sluggish, coupled with a weak Rand, however, he says interest rates will remain low in 2013.
For Annabel Bishop, group economist at Investec, the lowering of GDP forecast is a worry although interest rates will remain low.
Bishop is concerned about the Eurozone as investors are quite nervous and confidence is very low.
She expects the economy to grow by 3.1 percent pointing out that the government needs a flexible labour market (in light of Marikana in 2012) and there is a need to change its thinking in order to encourage investor appetite.
According to Sizwe Nxedlana, FNB chief economist, the outlook for 2013 is positive despite a revised GDP growth from 3 percent to 2.7 percent
Nxedlana expects household consumption to moderate and unsecured lending to be curbed.
On a scale of zero to 10, he would rate the economy at five saying the fundamentals are looking up.
Meanwhile, Nedbank senior economist Nicky Weimar says although the economy lost significant momentum in Q3 2012, it is still growing and she expects growth of 2.6 percent in 2013.
Weimar notes that domestic spending has been outpacing domestic production since the start of the recovery in 2010 and that the production of the economy has been under pressure for some time.
“Producers struggled with sluggish exports due to a weak global economy and the strikes aggravated circumstances,” says Weimar.
She too points to the fact that foreigners continue to buy South African bonds, and that the Rand will remain under pressure reaching R8.66 against the USD in 2013.
Weimar anticipates interest rates to be flat with the first hike expected in November although the market consensus is early 2014.
2013 State of Nation Address
This week will see focus shifting on President Jacob Zuma’s State of the Nation Address (SONA) to Parliament on Thursday, 14 February..
According to Bishop, the presentation will likely affirm the policies that Government has put into place to address inequality, poverty and unemployment, and re-iterate the adoption of the National Development Plan (NDP) in this regard.
“While many will watch out for key issues such as the youth wage subsidy and reclassifying teaching as an essential service to reduce absenteeism from classrooms due to strike action and union meetings, these may not be elaborated on to avoid straining the relationship with Cosatu,” she says.
Bishop points out that South Africa has instances of significant wastage, inefficiencies and corruption, with a large number of schools failing to receive textbooks, high teacher absenteeism and a very poor quality of the maths and of the education system on an international comparison.
The NDP clearly identifies the failings of civil servants for the parlous state of the education system and it will be telling if the President focuses on this particular area of service delivery and the necessary steps which need to be taken to turn the system around from among the worst in the world to one of the best in the world. SA is a long way off from this turnaround, she says..
Mac Maharaj, spokesperson for The Presidency says the Plan was endorsed by all political parties in the National Assembly on the 15August 2012 and enjoys the support of all sectors of society.
The NDP was produced by the National Planning Commission (NPC) in the Presidency chaired by Minister Trevor Manuel with Cyril Ramaphosa as deputy chairperson.
The NPC was established by President Zuma in 2009 and was given the task of producing the national plan within 18 months, he explains.
“In SONA 2013, the President will provide an update on all key programmatic areas, especially the five priorities, education, health, creating decent work, the fight against crime as well as rural development and land reform.”
In addition, President Zuma will also outline progress made in the implementation of the New Growth Path (promotes inclusive growth and job creation in six job drivers - infrastructure development, agriculture, mining and beneficiation, manufacturing, the green economy and tourism), the economic strategy within the NDP, he adds. – Denise Mhlanga
About the Author
House for sale in Potchefstroom R 1 925 000
House for sale in Sea View R 550 000
Vacant Land / Plot for sale in Hansmoeskraal R 4 200 000
House for sale in Montana Park R 1 695 000
Apartment / Flat for sale in Manaba Beach R 750 000
Townhouse for sale in Wilgeheuwel & Ext R 885 000
House for sale in Roosendal R 350 000
House for sale in Seemeeu Park R 995 000
Vacant Land / Plot for sale in Tiegerpoort R 1 500 000
House for sale in Humewood R 3 200Stowe Trail Race Series: Ranch Camp Ramble 5 & 10 K
Stowe Mountain Resort Nordic Center
Sun 07/28/2013
5K, 10K, Off-road/Trail
Family
The Ranch Camp 5K and 10K Ramble begin at the Stowe Mt. Resort Nordic Center. A friendly double-track jeep trail takes you down along the babbling Ranch Brook to a moderate climb on the famous Burt Trail. You will pass the site of the historic Ranch Camp, before merging onto the Bruce Trail for a short challenging climb to the bridge across the brook. The return on Timberlane for the 5K runners is fast and fun! The 10K runners will continue on Burt to connect with the challenging Bear Run before heading back to the finish at the Nordic Center. Walkers are welcome. The 5K is100% double track jeep trail. (Note: Actual distance is 5.5K)Event schedule and timesThis is the first race in the Stowe 2013 Trail Race Series. Award presentations will follow the race, with plenty of free refreshments and prizes to the top 3 female and male runners in open and masters categories. Free parking in the Nordic Center lot. Restrooms in the Nordic Center open to race participants. Number pickup and day of registration begins at 8:30 am. Race will begin promptly at 10:00 am.
- Address:5781 Mountain Road
Stowe, VT 05672From TheStreet:
You might think after First Solar(FSLR_) shed 75% of its value, ousted its CEO, and was the biggest loser in the S&P 500 in 2011 that things couldn't get any worse, But they can get just a little bit worse for the U.S. solar company, according to Axiom Capital analyst Gordon Johnson.And from the AP via BusinessWeek, yesterday:
Johnson, whose bear call on First Solar shares was highlighted by CNBC recently as one of 2011's best shorts, still sees downside to $26 in First Solar stock.
In a note released on Thursday morning, Johnson isn't backing away from his short on First Solar, but said the downside is a lot less than it used to be. In what must have been a bittersweet sentence to write for an analyst who in the end was proven to be (very profitably)right about the biggest solar short in history, Johnson wrote, "We recognize the short case has nearly run its course."
Solar watchers have been anticipating Johnson's note on First Solar ever since the company released its earnings outlook in December. Solar investors have been curious to see whether the most noted First Solar bear on Wall Street is still bearish....MORE
First Solar shares retreat after days of gains
Shares of First Solar Inc. dropped as much as 6 percent on Wednesday after a few days of respite for investors, who've seen the stock plunge to repeated year lows several times over the last month.
THE SPARK: The decline came after the company's stock rose about 3 percent in the last three trading days of 2011. Before that rebound, its shares had been reeling on continued fear surrounding growing competition from Chinese solar energy companies. Last month, the company cut both earnings and revenue estimates for the year and said it plans to lay off about 100 people. Several analysts subsequently lowered their expectations for the shares....MOREKeynote Speakers
Opening General Session
Ke.
Mr. Chavous speaks Wednesday, November 17, 2009, at 8:30 a.m.
Closing General Session
Annette L. Breaux is one of the most entertaining and informative authors and speakers in the field of education. She leaves her audiences with practical and doable techniques to implement in their classrooms immediately. Administrators agree that they see results from their teachers the next day.
Her message is one of practicality and personality in teaching, of feeling and healing in touching students' lives, and of common sense and creative teaching strategies. Her writings and presentations generate instant impact on the relationship between teachers and students.
A former classroom teacher and curriculum coordinator, she now serves as the Teacher Induction Coordinator for Nicholls State University in Thibodaux, Louisiana. Annette also developed the FIRST Program, an induction program for new teachers hailed as one of the best in the country. The program has been so successful in training and retaining new teachers that the Louisiana Department of Education has adopted it as a statewide model.
Annette teamed with Dr. Harry K. Wong to coauthor a book on new teacher induction. Her expertise is in student achievement, classroom management, and new teacher induction. Her other books include "101 Answers for New Teachers and Their Mentors," "REAL Teachers, REAL Challenges, REAL Solutions," and "The Poetry of Annette Breaux: Tips and Poems for Teachers and Students."
Her down-south warmth, infectious humor, and ability to touch the hearts and souls of educators invariably bring audiences to their feet. Teachers who have read Annette's writings or heard Annette speak agree that they walk away with user-friendly information, heartfelt inspiration, and a much-needed reminder that they truly have chosen the most noble of all professions--teaching.
Ms. Breaux speaks Wednesday, November 18, 2009, at 11:00 a.m.
May 22, 2015
Conference Home
2009 Home
2009 Keynote Speakers
2009 Breakout Sessions
2009 Partners
2009 Exhibiting CompaniesFamily
The family is the basic unit of our society. Our children and grandchildren are Idaho's best resource. The family is central to our social and economic survival. Legislature before the Idaho Senate should be evaluated upon how it will impact our families.
"The most important work that you will ever do will be the work you do within the walls of your own home." - Ezra Taft Benson, former Cabinet member under President EisenhowerColorado Governor Bill Ritter has announced a monthly Best-of-Colorado digital photo contest for kindergarten through eighth grade students. One winning photo will be selected each month to be posted on the Governor’s Web site.
Digital photos no larger than 8 MB should be sent to
. Include photographer’s first and last name, school, grade, phone number and e-mail address. Also include where the photo was taken, and describe in two or three sentences why this photo is the Best of Colorado.
All participants who complete the information with their photos will receive an e-mail certificate signed by Governor Ritter. Complete information may be found at with a search for photo contest.On Sunday August 10, the Seattle Seahawks’ star running back Marshawn Lynch allegedly assaulted and damaged a woman’s personal property. Lynch has yet to be arrested since the crime is still under investigation. Watch the video above to see an E60 bio about one of the NFL’s most talented RBs.
Here’s what you need to know about him:
1. He is Accused of Damaging a Woman’s Apartment in Bellevue, Washington
(Getty)
In the middle of the night, Lynch allegedly broke wrecked the home of a woman in Bellevue, Washington just outside Seattle. Lynch is a key player on the defending Superbowl Championship team the Seattle Seahawks and a lengthy and expensive suspension will be looming over him if the woman is proven correct.
2. No Sexual Assault Was Involved
(Getty)
The woman has pointed a finger at Marshawn “Beast Mode” Lynch in regards to the destruction of property, however she confirmed no sexual assault was involved in the crime. The motive for the crime has not yet been uncovered.
3. He Has Not Been Arrested Yet
(Getty)
The police do not have enough information to arrest him just yet.
The Bellevue police report read:.
4. The Seahawks Just Increased His Salary By $1.5 Million
Unfortuately for the Seahawks, they recently tacked on an extra $1.5 million bonus to Lynch’s annual salary of $5 million. Lynch is now making $6.5 million after refusing to participate in training camp until the Seahawks agreed to a new contract. His previous one was a four-year, $30 million extension with the Seahawks.
Lynch started camp on Tuesday August 12 despite the chaos ensuing.
However, the Seahawks released a statement on August 12 after speaking with Lynch rebuking the claims that Lynch committed the crime.
The one sentence statement read:
While we maintain the utmost respect for the investigative process, after speaking with Marshawn, we are comfortable these accusations are bogus.”
5. He Has Been Arrested Twice Before This
(Getty)
This is not the first time Lynch has faced problems with the law. In 2008, Lynch’s license was revoked after he struck a pedestrian with his car.
In Culver City, California in February 2009, Lynch was arrested and pled guilty to concealed weapon charges after a after policeman discovered a semiautomatic handgun Lynch’s backpack located in the trunk of his car. Lynch was given community service and put on probation.
In addition, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell gave him a 3 game suspension for violating the league’s personal conduct policy.
In July 2012, Lynch was charged with a DUI when a policeman in Oakland, California noticed him driving recklessly on the freeway. He eventually pled guilty after 2 years of probation and fined an unknown sum of money. Lynch is also forced to go to driving and alcohol safety classes. He has also been in trouble for skipping mandatory media sessions.
Ray Rice Suspension: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know
The Baltimore Ravens' star running back Ray Rice has been suspended for two games by the NFL after he was arrested for aggravated assault for hitting his wife.Click here to read moreSome carriers send a USSD balance update message after each call, and sometimes after each data session on prepaid plans. This is very annoying, and SMS blockers won't stop these USSD messages.
I wrote an app to block USSD messages by keywords or regex. Works well for me in blocking my carrier's balance update messages.
My first android app, so please let me know if I can do something better.
Credits to commandus.com/blog/?p=58 for showing how to intercept these messages using the undocumented hook.
App is "com.melkote.quietbalance" on Google App Store. The v1.0 of the app is also attached to this post.How Social Marketing Strategies Effect on Drunk Driving?
Category : Sample Marketing Essays
How Social Marketing Strategies Effect on Drunk Driving?
Introduction
Businesses particularly to those who are lined in liquor and alcohol drinks are creating marketing strategies to lure more customers and generate profits (Willsmer, 1975). In accordance to this, their marketing strategies should be accompanied by some social concerns. This is the time in which liquor and alcohol businesses heightened their awareness to the negative effects of their products i.e. possible risk of health and safety of their consumers. Aside from the health risks caused by liquor and alcohol products, it also presents psychological and psychiatric problems, which in turn determines social issues happening in the society, such as suicide, accidents, and crimes. Some of these problems include depression, which can be triggered by alcoholism and vice versa; anxiety, which occurs during attempted withdrawal; change in personality with loss of normal behavior and appearance; and hallucinations, which is an affect of alcohol withdrawal (‘Alcohol Abuse, Alcoholism and Alcohol-Related Problems’ 1997). These psychiatric problems often lead to social issues such as suicide, which is result of depression; accidents, being a result of drunk-driving; and physical abuse, which are the cause of a large portion of homicides, child abuse cases and other domestic violence cases (‘What is Chemical Dependency?’ 2005). Even though the government are imposing and creating social marketing strategies against drunk driving, the cases of drunk driving were still increasing.
From these discussions, it shows that social marketing strategies are not only about the product alone but also about the effect of the product and needs and preferences of their consumers. Thus, this paper analyses the role of social marketing strategies of marketing people for the way that their products are used by the consumers. Using the results of drunk driving as a guiding example, it attempts to establish if marketers should be held accountable for how their products are being utilised by the people that patronise them. The marketing field has always been muddled in paradox, in that of making a profit while giving the customers high-quality products (Willsmer, 1975). It is in this contradiction that lays the basic question of should marketers be really responsible for how their products are used by consumers when they already have gained profit from the transaction? In this light, the paper will evaluate how social marketing strategies effect on drunk driving.
Literature Review
Product Marketing
Today’s market is characterised by highly competitive organisations.
Along with the changing business world, customers change as well, becoming more demanding and knowledgeable than before. In turn, company management had shifted their focus on their clients or customers so as to stay successfully in business. This transition meant that organisations have to completely reformulate their conventional business aims and purposes from being process-focused to customer-centred. Hence, in order to bring out exceptional customer services within the company operations, the management should employ fine-tuned organisational restructuring. Moreover, employing proactive customer commitment involves the consideration on culture and infrastructure (Lowenstein, 1997)..
With this regard, marketing people recognises the role of social marketing strategies in attaining business success. Basically, the role of social marketing is long and varied, but at the main concern is regarding public health and safety. At any rate some parts of precautionary health care, a centerpiece of the swiftly rising health maintenance organisation systems, will involve marketing capabilities. Social marketing is directly implicated in some preventative safety and health-care issues. For instance, the misuse of alcohol products, the use of tobacco, and the eating of unhealthy foods are promoted by legitimate marketers, these are bona fide concerns for social marketers. But the dark side of marketing, concerning a wider range of products and issues, also expects research inspection. Let say, for example, how the liquor and alcohol marketer contributes to the increasing cases of drunk driving accidents. The illicit drug market bears examination, as do issues concerning the homeless (Hill, 1991), the abused, and the raped (Hirschman, 1991).
Beer, Liquor and Alcohol Products
Liquor drinking is part of the culture in different parts of the world. Basically, in Japan, their famous “sake” is always part of their celebration. In Philippines, the “tuba” and “lambanog” are one of their favourite liquors. Actually, there are several types of liquor, there are beers, brandy, gins, whiskey, vodka, and etc. Different countries has their own favourite type liquor. Basically, for example, the most popular drink in Australia nowadays is beer. In New South Wales, it's Tooheys, in Victoria it's Carlton Draught and United Breweries (brewer of Fosters), in Queensland XXXX (Springer, 2003), in South Australia, Lion Nathan’s West End brand and Coopers, in Northern Tasmania Boags and Cascades in the South and in Western Australia, the Swan and Emu brands. As further proof, even the beer glasses for the different states have names. The history of Australian beer can be traced back very early in Australia’s colonial history, in 1770 to be exact (‘Australian Beer History’, n.d.). The popularity of this drink in the country has brought with it a wealth of marketing efforts in an attempt to sell more of the liquid product.
In line with this, the marketing field has become involved with an increasingly larger scope of corporate social responsibility, encompassing even how their products are utilised by the consumers. A general marketing principle these days, (at least in the books) is the satisfaction of the consumer by providing a product that not only is usable and acceptable but also safe for the individual, safe for the environment, and good for the diminishing resources of our society (Samli, 1992).
Social Marketing and Liquor Drinking
There are basically two arguments to this case. One, that marketers should unquestionably be responsible for how their products are being used by their consumers because it is basic marketing responsibility to provide the users brand information regarding the product like product quality and other essential information which the consumers will find useful in the search of products to patronise through such means as packaging, labelling, advertising and promotion. The two latter practices, especially, are powerful ways to relate such information to the market. In those ways lay the primary responsibility of the marketing people to provide accurate and sufficient information for the guidance of the consumers. Kendall (1971) asserted that the advertising and promotion's specific role in the marketing function is to convey the news and the benefits of the product to the consumer. However, their role does not end in relaying only the benefits and the good news. As a social responsibility, they are also bound by morals to relate if their products have side effects or anything that might be detrimental to the welfare of the consumer. On the sidelines, the six primary sources of ethical decisions that marketers make, according to Earl Clasen of the Pillsbury company are: (1) personal conscience, molded and formed by the ethical traditions of our society; (2) the law and its corollary; (3) organisation structure and procedures; (4) the marketplace; (5) professional knowledge or the business and technical expertise; and (6) consumer wants and acceptance (as cited in Kelley & Lazer, 1973). These six factors affect how marketers make their decisions that would consequently be beneficial or damaging to consumer welfare.
However, this does not seem to be the case in most advertising and promotional tools nowadays. In essence, only the products who are what they claim to be will work excellently according to the consumer’s needs, products that they could use to the extent of their potential use as they are fully informed and well aware of the mechanisms, processes and the correct usage or consumption of the said products. At least three negative practices associated with advertising and promotion namely failure to inform, manipulation and deception (Samli, 1992) should be overcome by the marketing profession so that they would be, in part, responsible for the way their consumers use their products. The phrase ‘in part’ was mentioned not by accident, as the responsibility is now clearly becoming a shared thing for both the marketers and the consumers.
On the other hand, there is the ‘free will’ argument, where it is claimed that people, as specimens given the ability to think for themselves, should have what is termed as ‘consumer social responsibility’. It is, by definition, ‘the conscious and deliberate choice to make certain consumption choices based on personal and moral beliefs’ (Devinney, Auger, Eckhardt & Birtchnell, 2006). Gaski argued that customers are very knowledgeable and therefore they can make very good purchase decisions (1985). It is also widely contended that consumers need to be socially responsible in that they are expected to take into account the public consequences of their private consumption or who attempts to use their purchasing power to bring about social change
In the advertising of Australian beer, the Advertising Federation of Australia, the body representing companies in advertising and marketing communications to industry, government, media and the public in the country, set a regulation called the Alcoholic Beverages Advertising Code (ABAC). The Code was first introduced in 1998 and updated in 2004 to take into account changes including the growing use of internet advertising and promotional events for alcohol beverages. Summarily, the Code is designed to ensure that alcohol advertising will be conducted in a manner which neither conflicts with nor detracts from the need for responsibility and moderation in liquor merchandising and consumption, and which does not encourage consumption by underage persons, specifically stating that ads for beverages must not suggest that the consumption or presence of alcohol beverages may create or contribute to a significant change in mood or environment (‘The ABAC Scheme’, 2004). Interpreted, there is a balance of responsibility on the part of the consumers and the marketers to have socially responsible behaviour in the consumption of such products.
In academic literature, Samli countered Gaski’s argument that the marketing people is not in any position to make socially responsible decisions because it does not know enough about it. In Samli’s book, he refutes that this could not be true as who other than a particular business knows more about its particular products or services? (Samli, 1992) This is true especially in the case of beer companies who should recognise the probable impact of their products upon a reasonable person within the class of persons to whom the advertisement or promotion is directed and other persons to whom such may be communicated, as they are the people who know more about their products than anyone else. On the flip side, there is also the consumers’ responsibility to regulate the consumption of beer products. The efforts of beer marketers to inform the general public about its possible effects to the human system will ultimately come as no avail for some products, even though not inherently harmful, can be potentially harmful to consumers due to abuse or misuse (Choudhury & Cui, 2003). For instance, targeting alcoholic beverages at poor inner-city consumers is particularly problematic, as this segment already suffers from a greater number of alcohol-related health and social problems than the general population (Smith & Cooper-Martin, 1997), meaning that ethical evaluations of many products depend on their interaction with consumer characteristics and marketing practices (Choudhury & Cui, 2003). Thus, marketers must study the perception of the public when formulating marketing strategies in order to avoid potential misunderstandings when it comes to the use or consumption of the products (Smith, 1995).
Methodologies
The research method that will be used for this study will be quantitative method combined with descriptive method; quantitative method will be used as it will utilise respondents from which the information will be gathered from, and as such statistics are important for the completion of the study. Meanwhile, descriptive method will also be combined with the original method of study. Although it can be admitted that descriptive method more often accompanies qualitative research method, it nevertheless gives a different approach to the study as it will give more depth to the assessment of a the quantitative study. With the subject of the study focusing on the role of social marketing strategies to drunk driving cases, it will be better to gain the statistical analyses of the respondents to the advertisement, and couple it through the use of the descriptive research method will be highly competent in depicting the behaviours of the consumers. Moreover, quantitative coupled with descriptive methods are more likely to be used for the analysis and the study of the culture and their effect on society, which makes it the ideal method to be used for the study of their causes and effects, as well as helps with the possibility in isolating several factors; it also helps to provide closure with regards to the outcome of the study that focuses on qualitative analyses backed by the statistical evidences (Anzul, Ely, Friedman et al, 1991: 210) as well as continuity that occurs within the community despite the possible biases that this may bring to the study (Purcell Jr., 1973 and Yow, 2004).
With this, it is then understood that the study will be focusing on information gathered from both respondents and from the researcher’s account and notes concerning the pricing strategies. Statistical information will lend to the credibility of the study and is important to isolate factors that may have affected the success of liquor companies. As such, the information-gathering will then be based on the method of the research being done and will also be utilising a combination of both information gathered from the respondents as with the information taken from the literatures.
Respondents and Area of Study
The method of this study will be utilising is through random sampling wherein the researcher will be required to randomly select people to represent the advances of the whole population. The study will be depending on respondents who are drinking liquors. Questionnaires will be distributed to the respondents who avail of the liquor products; this method of sampling is called the probability method in which the researcher will limit the customers to random choosing. There will be 150 respondents who will be selected to take part in the survey, with the researcher counting on them having various characteristics, backgrounds, and economical backgrounds will be regarded as valid sources of information.
At the same time and along with the respondents who will be asked concerning the influence of marketing strategies of liquor companies, the study will also be using articles and literatures as source of their information. Moreover, this research utilises the use of media art in the form of advertisements which that can be shown through television or magazine articles. A combination of such information analyses will hopefully show how liquor companies in Hong Kong interpret the needs and demands of their target consumers.
Research Instrument
For this study, two research instruments were used to describe and assess how social marketing affect drunk driving. These research instruments included the survey and interview methods. A structured questionnaire was distributed to the selected respondents (See Appendix A). The questionnaire given to the participants aimed to evaluate the status of social marketing of liquor companies and their contribution to the incidents of drunk driving. The evaluation factors are developed in terms of the benefits and difficulties encountered from implementing social marketing of liquor companies. The questionnaire was structured in such a way that respondents will be able to answer it easily. Thus, the survey was structured using the Likert format with a five-point response scale. A Likert Scale is a rating scale that requires the subject to indicate his or her degree of agreement or disagreement to a statement. In this type of questionnaire, the respondents were given five response choices. These options served as the quantification of the participants’ agreement or disagreement on each question item (see data analysis procedures).
The Likert survey was the selected questionnaire type as this enabled the respondents to answer the survey easily. In addition, this research instrument allowed the researcher to carry out the quantitative approach effectively with the use of statistics for data interpretation. Once all the answers of the respondents have bee gathered, the researcher computed the weighted mean value for each survey item. The mean was then compared to the Likert scale to interpret the results. The weighted mean was used in order to obtain the average values that represented the sample’s response to each question in the survey. This helped the researcher identify the general response of the participants to the question given.
On the other hand, interview questions were given randomly to 10 respondents who are knowledgeable to the current stance of drunk driving and impact of social marketing of liquor companies in their region.
Data Analysis Procedures
To analyse the quantitative data, percentage and weighted mean will be the most suitable statistical method to be used. Percentage could be representing the whole population and it is descriptive statistics. It indicates personal behaviour in the some of the respondent. Weighted mean would perform the general opinion within the respondent of the survey samples, whether they agree to a given statement or not.
This research instrument was selected as it allows the acquisition of insights from selected respondents; with semi-structured interview, interviewees are able to express their feelings, concerns and opinions. This data-gathering tool is useful for both the study and the researcher since it helped in gathering relevant information from specific respondents.
After gathering all the completed questionnaires from the respondents, total responses for each item were obtained and tabulated. In order to use the Likert-scale for interpretation, weighted mean to represent each question was computed. Weighted mean is the average wherein every quantity to be averaged
Once the computed mean for each survey item has been computed, the values are then compared to the likert scale:
The study will use different software or applications that can help to store, maintain and analyse the result of the data gathering activities. MS Word will be used in order to create different letters and memos as well as to create the sets of questionnaires. MS Excel and SPSS (Statistical Packages for Social Sciences) can also help to analyse the quantitative data that have been gathered from the interviews and questionnaires. The study will also use the Internet for some reliable electronic resources as well as other electronic libraries and journal database.
The use of interpersonal skill is also necessary in gathering data from the different entity that are related to the problems as well as gathering information and data that will be important in the study. The knowledge in business research is also a must, because this will be useful in analysing and documentation of data. The data that have been gathered using the personal interviews will be tally and analyse in order to convert the data into information. Primary data that are collected will be presented using graphs, tables and figures. The secondary data that will be gathered will be written in a formal writing style. This documentation will serve as a diary of the project. It will show the different task that have done and not have done yet.
Validity and Instrumentation
The questionnaire (see Appendix) is prepared based on the research questions that were presented. This is to ensure that the questions that will be asked from the respondents will be able to yield the necessary information for the formulation of the conclusion. Along with a letter to the respondents, the questionnaire will contain the following: the first part is for knowing the basic characteristics of the respondents for their identification; the second part focuses on the perceived methods that the product uses for addressing the needs of their target consumers; the third focuses on the consumers’ preferences and loyalty with regards to information on the product; finally, the fourth is on the effects of the product’s advertisements to the consumers.
Together, these questions will be used for the gathering of information from the respondents and will assist in putting together an assessment of the consumers’ perception of marketing methods of liquor companies.
As discussed, the method of analysis that this study will be using is based on the gathered information that provide methods of assessing the characteristics and the consumer behaviours especially based on the marketing strategy. The primary method of analysis that will be used for this study, however, will be focused on the information gathered from the respondents. Careful assessment must be done on the literatures themselves and notes were taken that helped in finding information that related primarily to the consumer behaviour and how culture affects the choices that the customers make. A combination of the information will be helpful for the study.
One of the problems that the researcher must deal with is to ensure that biases will not be given to the study; as the information will be based primarily on the information gathered from the literatures, which are secondary sources, this may be a problem that the researcher may face. As such, the researcher will then strive to ensure that the method of information analysis will be conducted in a very objective manner, and will not in any way affect the outcome of the study.
Main body
From the literature reviews, it shows that a two-sided appeal strategy by liquor companies can be uncertain. In some cases, the strategy backfires and the consumer forms a more negative opinion of the product (Perner, 2003). This appears to be especially the case for low involvement products, where the consumer may merely notice that something negative is being said while not taking the time to discover the significance of this predicament and compensating factors.
The major objective of marketing, particularly social marketing is to regard the product as a service from the viewpoint of its connecting value rather than its use value. It is more imperative for the company to know how its product can provide service and support the tribe in its very being, than how to deliver the offer to the consumer. Here the belief of ritual is significantly essential to depict the way companies marketed to the in-line roller tribe (intensive tribal marketing). According to Kotler, P & Armstrong, G (2001), rituals provide a social reality with permanence. Like every social relationship requires some kin of ritual to establish and sustain it self, so too a tribe relies on rituals to pronounce its existence and sustain its membership.
In a marketplace where there is often little differentiation between brands, the organisation, its people, its policies and its attitude can often be the point of difference. In many product categories the service, back-up and support is as important as the product itself. Customers need to have confidence in the organisation. Consumer crises such as product recalls usually relate to one product but they will put other products, brands and even the whole company under the spotlight. Companies are finding it increasingly difficult to remain anonymous behind their brands. Consumers are more aware than ever before, and with the proliferation of media titles and access to new media, they have access to more information.
Basically, the possible results of the study would somehow become helpful in the fulfilment of its aim to detect the impact of social marketing to the rate of drunk driving. This study can also assess the relationship of having a social marketing procedures imposed by liquor companies and its effect to alcoholism that may result to drunk driving.
Potential implication of the study would include the evaluation of the researcher of the conditions existing among the liquor lovers in Hong Kong. This study would also provide information and knowledge on liquor drinking, which can be attributed to the ones’ exposure or none exposure to alcoholic drinks or beverages. Another implication of the study also includes the responsible marketing procedures of liquor companies.
For this, it is very important for the researcher to consider the intimate relationship of these respondents (e.i. friends and family) to the subjects. Researcher should anticipate the possible answer of the interviewees in accordance to the real condition of the respondents while driving. Actually it is fine to interview these individuals but it is also the duty of interviewer to handle the art of questioning. Interviewers should know how to psychology the respondents in order to get real responses. Therefore, the first step is helpful to identify subjects who reported they did not drive who reported they did not drive while intoxicated but actually did.
Basically, in the study conducted by Choudhury & Cui, (2003), they justified that drivers who admitted to consume a large quantity of alcohol on at least one occasion and after the post test fails to admit it are good targets for in-depth interviews since they are not sure about their answer. Now, in this paper it is the role of the researcher to get further information. Most people who knows they didn’t do any drunk driving will possibly not admit anything or say NO but for those individual who said yes, we need more clarification and investigation since these individuals are either saying the truth or they didn’t understand the risk of drunk driving.
Apparently, this study will also consider records from law enforcement officials related to people who drive while intoxicated. These data are also useful since it describes the background of a certified drunk driver which includes attitudes and demographic profiles. These records will serve as a model in determining whether the person is saying the truth or not.
From the considerations, this study has also several limitations. One of its limitations is that it covers only a small number of participants cannot cover the entire Hong Kong for obtaining data. Another limitation is that the survey does not represent the total population of the liquor users with the age of 13 to 20 years, due to the limited number of participants to be included. Another limitation is that this study would not obtain blood samples from the participants to examine their blood alcohol content. This can be helpful to assess the condition of the participants.
Conclusion
From the profusion of information available on the subject of social marketing in the context of liquor companies, it could be summarily considered that marketers should be responsible for the way their products are used by consumers. Attached to that responsibility is the premise that marketers should provide all the necessary information possible which will aid the consumer in the decision-making process with regards to product usage or consumption. However, this paper brought out another side to the issue. The side of the consumers, who, in part, should also be socially responsible for how they use or consume the products offered in the market. Being given the will to choose from amongst a variety of products, it is in the sole discretion of the consumers how they would utilise the products after having been appropriately given the necessary information which would assist them in making consumer-based decisions. It will thus prove beneficial for both parties, the consumers, getting exactly what they need, and the marketers, gaining profit from the consumption.
References:
Alcohol Abuse, Alcoholism and Alcohol-Related Problems (1997). Patient Plus, viewed 25 June, 2008, <>.
Anzul, M., Ely, M., Friedman, T., Garner, D. & Steinmetz, A. M. (1991). Doing Qualitative Research: Circles within Circles. London: Falmer Press.
Australian Beer History. (n.d.). viewed 25 June, 2008, from
Choudhury, P. & Cui, G. (2003). Consumer Interests and the Ethical Implications of Marketing: A Contingency Framework. Journal of Consumer Affairs, 37(2), 364+.
Devinney, T., Auger, P., Eckhardt, G. & Birtchnell, T. (2006). The Other CSR: Consumer Social Responsibility. Social Science Research Network. Retrieved October 3, 2006, from
Gaski, J. (1985). Dangerous Territory: The Societal Marketing Concept Revisited. Business Horizons, July/August issue, 42-47.
Hill, R. P. (1991). Homeless women, special possessions and the meaning of "home": An ethnographic case study. Journal of Consumer Research, 18, 298-310.
Hirschman, E. C. (1991). "Secular mortality and the dark side of consumer behavior: Or how semiotics saved my life". In R. H. Holman & M. R. Solomon (Eds.), Advances in consumer research (Vol. 18, pp. 1-6). Provo, UT: Association for Consumer Research.
Kelley, E. & Lazer, W. (1973). Social Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints. Homewood, Illinois: Richard D. Irwin.
Kendall, D. (1971). Statement Before the Federal Trade Commission. Federal Trade Commission Hearings. Washington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office.
Kotler, P & Armstrong, G (2001). Principles of marketing, 9th edn., Prentice Hall, London.
Lowenstein, M.W. (1997). The Customer Loyalty Pyramid. Westport, CT: Quorum Books.
Perner, L. (2003). Consumer Psychologist Newsletter, viewed 25 June, 2008, from.
Purcell, E. A. Jr. (1973). The Crisis of Democratic Theory: Scientific Naturalism & the Problem of Value. Lexington, KY: University Press of Kentucky.
Samli, A. (1992). Social Responsibility in Marketing: A Proactive and Profitable Marketing Management Strategy: Westport, Connecticut: Quorum Books.
Smith, C. & Cooper-Martin, E. (1997). Ethics and Targeted Marketing: The Role of Product Harm and Consumer Vulnerability. Journal of Marketing, 61(3), 1-20.
Springer, B. (2003). Australian Beer. The Epicentre. viewed 25 June, 2008, from
The ABAC Scheme. (2004). Advertising Federation of Australia. viewed 25 June, 2008, from
What is Chemical Dependency? (2005). Illinois Institute for Addiction Recovery, viewed 25 June, 2008, <>.
Willsmer, R. (1975). Directing the Marketing Effort. London: Pan Books, Ltd.
Yow, V. (2004). “Key Themes in Qualitative Research: Continuities and Change.” The Oral History Review, 31(1), 104.
Appendix A
Questionnaire
The questionnaire is part of Marketing Research to examine the How Social Marketing Strategies Effect on Drunk Driving? This questionnaire will take you less than 15 minutes to complete. Please tick on the box to indicate your answer.
All information collected will be treated with strict confidentiality and only used for academic purposes.
The Researcher
<![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> SECTION 1: Personal details
1. Please state your gender: 1. Male <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]> 2. Female <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
2. Age: 1. 15-24 <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]> 2. 25-34 <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> 3. 35+ <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
3. Occupation
i. Housewife <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
ii. Student <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iii. Clerk/office worker <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iv. Junior management <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
v. Middle management <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vi. Senior management <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vii. Professionals <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
viii. Others <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
<![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> SECTION 2: Liquor Drinking Habits
4. How long have you been start drinking liquors (e.g. wine, beers, whisky, etc.)?
1. less than 1 year <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> 2. 1-2 years <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> 3. 3-4 years <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]> 4. 4 years+ <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
5. What type of liquor you prefer to drink?
i. Beer
ii. Whiskey
iii. Gin
iv. Brandy
v. Rum
vi. Vodka
6. Do you drive when you are drunk?
Yes
No
Section 3: Buying Preferences of Liquor Products
7. What is/are the factor(s) that you take into consideration when purchasing liquors? (you may indicate more than 1 choices)
i. Advertisement <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
ii. Price/Special promotion <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iii. Family influence <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iv. Friend’s influence/recommendation <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
v. Its tastes/flavours <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vi. Its stated functionality <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vii. Health and safety consideration
8. Where did you acquire the certain Liquor Products’ information before you
make the purchase decision ? (you may indicate more than 1 choices)
i. Shop shelves <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
ii. Print advertisement <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iii. TV advertisements <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
iv. Internet websites <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
v. Friends <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vi. Family members <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
vii. Others <![if !supportNestedAnchors]> <![endif]>
For questions 8-15, please indicate the extent to which you agree or disagree with the following statements.
Strongly Strongly
1 2 3 4 5
9. Excessive Liquor drinking is a cause of drunk driving <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]> <![if !supportNestedAnchors]><![endif]>
10. Liquor companies should be responsible in drunk
Driving incidents
11. Most liquor companies give warning to general
public regarding the possible cause of irresponsible
liquor drinking
12. Drunk driving is the main cause of car accidents
13. Responsible marketing should be imposed by
Liquor companies to lessen car accidents
14. I am often drunk because of liquor advertisements
15. Liquor drinking is bad to our health
16. I only buy liquor products when it is on
promotional price
17. I ask friends/family members for opinion
before I buy these liquor products
Section 4: Social Marketing Against Drunk Driving
18. Liquor companies are supporting the policies
imposed by the government regarding drunk driving
19. There is collaboration between the marketing
procedures of liquor companies and the government
20. The social marketing strategies of both liquor
companies and the government against drunk
driving was effective.
21. The general public is aware to the policies and
penalties of drunk driving.
Thank You
Appendix B
Interviews
- What are your personal insights regarding drunk driving?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- Do you drive while you are drunk?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- Are you familiar to the initiatives of the government regarding drunk driving?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- Do you think liquor companies’ advertisement of their products affect your purchasing decision?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- Do you believe that liquor companies’ advertisement is related to the cases of drunk driving in the country?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- Are most liquor companies’ advertisements responsible enough to lessen drunk driving incidents? In what way(s)?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
- What is your personal opinion regarding the advertisement quote “DRINK MODERATELY”?
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Thank.Below is just a selection of headlines from this week's issue.
Subscribe today to read the full length version of all the stories...
Payton Taylor wins both shot, discus at state
The eighth grader takes the very last Jamaica Junior High Cardinal Track team to the top of the state, not once but twice!!
Meet the Jamaica Eighth Graders graduating from the very last Jamaica Junior High –
only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
Meet the the 59th and last graduating class of Jamaica High School only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
High School Commencement is Saturday at 5 p.m.
See all the Jamaica High School students that received honors at this year's Honors Day. A full page of photos and awards and scholarships earned – only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
Indianola swears in board
Jamaica Board of education hires summer help
Salt Fork #512 approves policies, hears public concerns
New school district continues working on the details of the district's policies and curriculum.
4th Grade DARE graduation is held this week at Jamaica. Meet the graduates only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
The Wall to Remember – Suzanne Lukehart Woodard shares a glimpse at the Viet Nam Memorial Wall only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
Deb Miller is cutting rhubarb and makes some mouth watering treats in this week's Recipe Box.
Erin Judy and Joshua Terry wed
Sports
Salt Fork baseball shares VVC title with Oakwood
Regionals action starts tonight (Thursday) vs. Tri County.
Girls end regular season 16-0, 28-5. Regionals start Saturday at Winter Park in Danville, 11 am vs. either St. Thomas More or Oakwood.
Meet the five softball seniors in an interview by Reporter Kala Weller only in this week's Sidell Reporter.
Girls Salt Fork Track Team qualifies five runners to state with 7 #1 seeds among them! State finals are today (Thursday) and Saturday.
Jenny Kimbro is seeded #1 in the state for Long Jump, 100M High Hurdles, 300M Low Hurdles and 200M dash.
Katie Witte is seeded first in discus. Abby Nicholson is seeded first in shot put and second in discus.
Estella Bush is seeded first in the 400M dash and Morgan Kirby is seeded 7th in the 100M High Hurdles.
FOR SALE— Star Spangled Recipes cookbook — 545 recipes and 37 pages honoring local veterans are included. $17.50 includes postage. Make check payable to Sidell Veteran’s War Memorial. Mail c/o Sidell Reporter, P.O. Box 475, Sidell, IL 61876. Proceeds from the book support the upkeep of Sidell Veteran’s War Memorial Board.
FOR SALE—GREAT FOR JAMAICA ALUMNI—“A Look Back At 39 Years of Cardinal Pride.” 40 pages covering Jamaica sports from 1955-1995. Lots of pictures, stats and memories from fans and athletes. $12.50 includes postage. Make check payable to Sidell Reporter. Mail to P.O. Box 475, Sidell, IL 61876. Click here to order.
“The 50th Anniversary of Jamaica High School – 1955-2006” commemorative issue. 32 pages with over 100 photos depicting the first 50 years of Jamaica High School. Includes a list of all graduates and teachers. $12.50 includes postage. Make check payable to Sidell Reporter. Mail to P.O. Box 475, Sidell, IL 61876. Click here to order
Sidell Weather Forecast, ILHi Dean,
I can't speak to the usage of logos. The legal department would probably
need to be involved in that type of decision, as well as other higher-ups.
Do you have a link to the information on the requirements? It's at least
worth looking in to so we can make a fully informed decision as to whether
we should do this.
Thanks,
Jim
On Sat, Nov 24, 2012 at 5:45 PM, dean.ward <dean.ward@bakedbean.org.uk>wrote:
> Hi Jim,
> There's a form to fill in on codebetter.com which would allow create of
> automated builds for all the NMS projects to be performed whenever a tag is
> created in /tags for each project. Upon a successful build we can publish
> directly to NuGet.
>
> The only requirement of that website is the placement of logos on
>. Is that something you guys are
> happy to do?
>
> Let me know and I'll do all the configuration along with some docs.
> Cheers,
> Dean
>
>
>
> --
> View this message in context:
>
> Sent from the ActiveMQ - User mailing list archive at Nabble.com.
>A homeless man who had much of his face chewed off in a bizarre attack on a Miami highway last year is making progress in his recovery.
Doctors said Tuesday morning that Ronald Poppo has learned to dress and feed himself, shower and shave, WPBF 25 News has learned.
ALSO: 18-Foot Burmese Python Is Largest Ever Caught In Florida
They also said he's even learned to play the guitar.
Poppo, who was left blind after the attack that made national headlines, has gained 50 pounds.
Doctors are expected to release video and new pictures of Poppo later Tuesday to show his day-to-day activities and how his condition is improving.
An officer was forced to shoot and kill Rudy Eugene as he was attacking Poppo.
Investigators originally said they thought Eugene was high on bath salts during the attack, but it was later revealed that he had just marijuana in his system..
First, there is no dispute that the patient knew he at *least* had TB before he left for Europe. Having TB and getting on a commercial flight was irresponsible–even if he didn’t yet know it was XDR yet.
Second, there is no dispute that he was notified that he had XDR before he chose to leave Europe. If, in fact, he claims to have left only because he didn’t think that the CDC was working fast enough to get him home, I think a *very* strong inference can be made that he knew what he was doing was wrong: he avoided a direct flight home, instead choosing to fly into Canada and then rent a car to drive home. That is not consistent with someone who doesn’t really feel they pose a danger and just wants to get home for treatment in the most expedient manner.
I agree with you and Dissent that the release of his name by medical professionals was a breach of ethics and should be investigated, but let’s not disregard the patient’s complete lack of regard for the health and well-being of his fellow passengers. Two wrongs don’t make a right.
Dave — My posts and Dissent’s posts both strongly argue that the TB patient acted irresponsibly. The point in these posts is to point out how irresponsibly the government and medical officials acted — not just in releasing the patient’s name but in not adequately addressing the situation as it was unfolding. Had the officials acted differently, perhaps the patient may not have been permitted to fly in the first place; or, when in Europe, the CDC might have provided a speedier solution to get him back to the US so that he wouldn’t have taken matters into his own hands. This doesn’t excuse his actions, but the officials may have been able to avert this problem.
In so many ways, the officials failed. They failed to avert this problem; customs let the man back into the US; and then officials leaked his name improperly. It all strikes me as inept and unprofessional.I know I look like a fag on those things, but it's seriously the only thing I can do for an hour without getting major back pain. I started doing it 3-4 times a week for an hour and the results have been pretty damn noticeable. I love it! It's also the favorite exercise of Jesus.Born in London, to migrant parents and chose Tottenham when, after they won the double, went on a pre-season tour, accompanied by my father as a BBC correspondent. When I first visited the Lane, it was the only ground in England to have covered stands all the way around. My heroes, growing up, were Jimmy Greaves, Pat Jennings, Alan Gilzean, Dave Mackay, Mike England, Cyril Knowles and, later, Martin Glenn Hoddle, Ossie Ardiles, Ricky Villa, Steve Perryman and Gary Mabbutt.Issue Advocacy Ads May Run During an Election, Three-Judge Court Rules
Friday, December 22, 2006..Home > Categories > Category
you are not logged in. [log in]
additional search options
sorted by:
Alphabetical: A-Z
Alphabetical: Z-A
Newest (by date approved)
Newest (by date created)
George Reeves death home- Beverly Hills, CA
in Infamous Crime Scenes
The actor George Reeves house where TV's "Superman," was found dead of a head gunshot wound on June 16, 1959. The Los Angeles county coroner said its was a suicide, but family & friends say it was a love triangle murder. Contraversy continues.
posted by: calgriz
location: California
date approved: 3/15/2014
last visited: 2/18/2013
Robert Kennedy assassinated at the Ambassador Hotel - Los Angeles, CA
The Ambassador Hotel, where Presidential candidate Senator Robert F. Kennedy was assassinated after he won the 1968 California Primary.
date approved: 3/14/2014
last visited: 2/18/2005
Menendez Double Murder Family Home- Beverly Hills, CA
The infamous Menendez mutliple murders residence.
last visited: 2/18/2010
Norfolk Southern Grain Car Derailment - Delaware, Ohio
in Railway Disaster Sites
Around 1:45pm 3/4/2014 approximately 35 cars on a southbound Norfolk Southern train derailed outside of Delaware, Ohio.
posted by: Mr. 0
location: Ohio
date approved: 3/8/2014
last visited: never
Washington Ave. Bridge -- Brazos River, Waco TX
In 1905 a mob of white vigilantes lynched Sank Majors, a black man accused of the rape of a white woman, by hanging him from the Washington Avenue bridge.
posted by: Benchmark Blasterz
location: Texas
date approved: 3/2/2014
last visited: 3/21/2014
Wrecksite S/S Principia Sandoy, Faroe Islands
in Shipwrecks

17 Jul 2013 train collision & derailment -- UPRR at US 183, Hays KS
On 16 July 2013 two Union Pacific trains collided head-on on the same track in Hays KS. Thanks to Heaven, NO ONE WAS KILLED
location: Kansas
last visited: 8/8/2013
Le désastre du Pont Noir-Beloeil-Québec, Canada
Catastrophe au pont ferroviaire de Belœil!Disaster railway bridge Belœil!
posted by: gemeloj
location: Quebec, Canada
last visited: 12/27/2014
Helsinki Central Railway Station - Helsinki, Finland
At least four serious train accidents occured here, one in 1926, another in 1944 and two others in 1990 & 2010.
posted by: Metro2
location: Finland
last visited: 5/2/2015
Fraunces Tavern - NYC, NY
On January 24, 1975, four people were killed and 50 injured by a bomb at Fraunces Tavern.
location: New York
date approved: 2/13/2014
last visited: 7/25/2013
Art Theft at the Kunsthistorisches Museum - Vienna, Austria
The biggest art theft in Austrian History occurrred here in 2003.
location: Wien, Austria
last visited: 9/14/2014
The Murder of Alfredo Diniz (Alex) - Bucelas, Lisboa, Portugal
"Alfredo Dinis, often known by its nom de guerre, "Alex", was a notable Portuguese anti-fascist, member of the Portuguese Communist Party. "Alex" was murdered in 1945 by the PIDE (Policia Internacional de Defesa do Estado)."
posted by: RuiJSDuarte
location: Lisboa, Portugal
Lima Bank Robbery - Lima, NY
This famous whodoneit remains unsolved.
posted by: YoSam.
date approved: 2/4/2014
Van Gogh Museum - Amsterdam, Netherlands
There were two big art thefts from this Museum in 1991 and 2002. The paintings stolen in 2002 have still not been recovered and the crime is on the FBI's Top Ten Art Crimes list.
location: Noord-Holland, Netherlands
last visited: 6/3/2012
The Great Fire - Skaneateles, NY
in Famous Fires
Fire removed 13 building in a growing town.
date approved: 1/28/2014
last visited: 1/28/2014
1929 Rossland Fire - Rossland, BC
The 1929 fire was the third and last major fire that Rossland experienced in the former part of the twentieth century.
posted by: BK-Hunters
location: British Columbia, Canada
date approved: 1/26/2014
last visited: 5/3/2014
Fly B 17G 42-40051
in Plane Crash Sites
Bombefly B17 42-40051. Der blev skud ned over Rødsand Bomber B17 42-40051. Was shot down over Roedsand
posted by: Tjow
location: Denmark
last visited: 8/6/2014
Eight student nurses murdered - Chicago, IL
On July 14, 1966, Richard Speck stalked and then murdered his eight victims in this southside Chicago townhouse.
posted by: adgorn
location: Illinois
date approved: 1/14/2014
Holmes Murder Castle site - Chicago, IL
Known as the "Murder Castle,” the building received its name when the bodies of 6 persons murdered by the then owner Dr. H. H. Holmes (his real name was Herman Webster Mudgett) were found in the basement in 1895.
IL-14 crash (vrch Špidlák) - Újezd u Brna, Czech Republic
IL-14 crash - Újezd u Brna
posted by: Olii05
location: Jihomoravsky kraj, Czech Republic
date approved: 12/31/2013
José Sanjurjo Plane Crash - Cascais, Portugal
Sanjurjo died in a plane crash on July 20, 1936, when he tried to fly back to Spain. He chose to fly in a small airplane piloted by Juan Antonio Ansaldo. One of the main reasons for the crash was the heavy luggage that Sanjurjo took.
date approved: 12/27/2013
last visited: 2/7/2010
Murder of Joseph and Hyrum Smith - Carthage Jail - Carthage, IL
On June 27, 1844, at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum were assassinated by enemies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, in the county jail at Carthage, Illinois.
posted by: Chasing Blue Sky
date approved: 12/22/2013
last visited: 3/12/2008
U.S. Capitol - Washington, D.C.
The U.S. Capitol was partially destroyed during the burning of Washington from the British in the war of 1812.
posted by: bluesnote
date approved: 12/5/2013
last visited: 8/16/2014
Jayhawk down.
The B -17 monument in Lisse recalls the crash of the American B -17 bomber "Jayhawk" on September 26, 1944 in Lisse .
posted by: naj16
location: Zuid-Holland, Netherlands
date approved: 11/8/2013+myConnections: Engage your community - connect to news, events and information you care about. View more information...
View your community’s facilities and features online with the new Facilities Module.
Personalize your online experience to stay up-to-date on news, events and other information.
256
MEETING MINUTES
Cemetery Board of Trustees
November 25, 2002
A regular quarterly meeting of the Plymouth Cemetery Board of Trustees was held at 7:00 pm at the Second Floor Meeting Room at Plymouth City Hall, 201 S. Main St.
ROLL CALL:
Present: Chairwoman Loretta Olson, Trustees Marian Robertson, Barbara Dougherty, and Patricia Grzywacz.
Also Present: Mark Hammar, Steve Faiman, Sherrie Pryor
APPROVAL OF MEETING MINUTES:
It was moved by Trustee Grzywacz and seconded by Trustee Robertson to approve the meeting minutes for August 26, 2002 as written.
MOTION CARRIED UNANIMOUSLY
CITIZEN COMMENTS:
Ms. Katerina Karnakis owns grave plots in Block M at Riverside Cemetery. She inquired if urns were permitted in that section of the cemetery. Upon clarification of the exact location of her gravesites, it was determined that the current rules and regulations for Block M do not permit urns. Chairwoman Olson gave Ms. Karnakis a copy of the rules and regulations for her review.
Ms. Kavalos owns grave plots in Block G at Riverside Cemetery and inquired if angel statues were permitted on top of existing monuments. The Board advised Ms. Kavalos that statues are not permitted according to Section E, paragraph 4 “All plastic, cement, fiberglass, metal and wood objects … are prohibited unless otherwise approved and registered by the cemetery superintendent.”
Sherrie Pryor, Administrative Assistant at the Department of Municipal Services office, asked the Board for clarification on the residency requirement as it applies to both grave/crypt/niche purchases and interment costs. Currently, a resident is considered a person whose legal residence according to their driver’s license is in the City of Plymouth. Recently, there have been situations where the person was a resident when they purchased a gravesite, but had relocated outside the city prior to the time of their death and it was questioned whether they would receive the “resident rate” for interment costs. Ms. Pryor offered to research rules and regulations from other cemeteries and revise and condense the current set of rules for clarity. The Board accepted Ms. Pryor’s offer to come back at the February 24, 2003 meeting with a rough draft for the Board members’ review.
OLD BUSINESS:
Chairwoman Olson addressed the matter of the two missing wood crosses in Block K. The crosses had been approved by the Cemetery Board approximately 10 years ago and had never been tampered with or stolen.
The Board members reviewed the list of delinquent time payment accounts that are still outstanding. Mark Hammar advised the Board that after the new year, an updated account activity report would be requested from the City Treasurer and at that time any delinquent accounts with outstanding balances would be notified that their graves and/or crypts would be taken back by the City of Plymouth due to non-payment and breach of the Purchase Agreement.
NEW BUSINESS:
It was moved by Trustee Robertson and seconded by Trustee Grzywacz to accept the proposed 2003 quarterly meeting schedule for the Cemetery Board of Trustees as follows:
Monday,February 24, 2003 – 7:00 pm at Plymouth City Hall
Tuesday, May 27, 2003 – 5:00 pm at Riverside Cemetery
Monday, August 25, 2003 – 7:00 pm at Plymouth City Hall
Monday, November 24, 2003 – 7:00 pm at Plymouth City Hall
Chairwoman Olson and Trustee Dougherty expressed their desire to be re-appointed to another term on the Cemetery Board of Trustees upon the expiration of their current terms on December 31, 2002. Mark Hammar informed them that he would pass their wishes on to the City Manager to forward to Mayor Bill Graham for consideration.
The Board members reviewed the memo from Administration regarding the awarding of the cemetery lawn mowing contract to R. Melow Landscaping. Both Steve Faiman and Mark Hammar assured the Board that Mr. Melow, a former DMS employee, is well aware of the high standard of service required at the cemeteries.
Trustee Robertson asked Steve Faiman the status of her request to re-set the Krumm family monument that had been moved off it’s foundation during the summer mowing. Mr. Faiman informed her that he would have a service request generated and would see that the work was done expeditiously.
CORRESPONDENCE:
The Board members reviewed the two news articles regarding cemetery operations and discussed the matter of Parkview Memorial Cemetery in Livonia burying someone’s father in the wrong grave. The family has filed a lawsuit against the privately owned cemetery.
ADJOURNMENT:
It was moved by Trustee Grzywacz and seconded by Trustee Robertson to adjourn the meeting at 7:50 pm.
NEXT MEETING: Monday, February 24, 2003 – 7:00 pm at City HallMILWAUKIE -- Air Force Airman Niccolo B. Phillips graduated from basic military training at Lackland Air Force Base, San Antonio, Texas.
Air Force Airman Niccolo B. Phillips
He is a 2008 Milwaukie High School graduate and the son of Dawn Pecoraro of Milwaukie and Chris Phillips of Nine Mile Falls, Wash..
Note: The Oregonian uses military news supplied by the news bureaus for the U.S. Army, Air Force, Marine Corps, Navy, Coast Guard and military academies.Magician Conjures Up Herrmann the Great in Magic Matinee
* Additional fees apply. No coupon or promo codes necessary to enjoy the displayed discount price.
The last date listed for Magic Matinee With Sean Masterson was Saturday June 1, 2013 / GoldGirlRed Velvet
view more less of this reviewview more less of this review
He was great, entertaining, humourous, fun. And I still can't figure out that trick hmmmmmmmmmmm?????
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
Show was fine. Good audience participation . Nothing mind blowing,, but good family activity for an hour. Final act was not good though, looked pretty bad. U could see the curtain moving
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
Just a fun afternoon with a magician and lots of kids. Sean Masterson put the participants (usually kids) at ease and you could tell that they were not uncomfortable being up on stage. I would recommend this show for ALL AGES!
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
Good tricks, but way too much talk. More tricks and less talk would have been appreciated much more.');
}
//-->
Below is what happened in Miami, Florida this week, as reported on Miami Beach 411 and from other places across the web.
From Miami Beach 411:
More News From Around The Web:
Local
Real Estate
Travel & Recreation
Food, Nightlife & Entertainment
Hot Topics From Our Forum
Miami Recap is a free weekly recap of Miami news. Subscribe, and at the end of each week, we’ll email you a summary of what happened in Miami. This will include all stories we’ve covered on Miami Beach 411 as well as headlines from sources from across the web. To receive the free newsletter, sign up here!
Related Categories:
Miami Recap,
Gus Moore heads up Miami Beach 411 as site administrator. You can reach him at 1-305-754-2206.
See more articles by Gus.
See more articles by Gus
Comments are moderated for spam. An administrator must approve the comment before it will appear on the site.Do you sometimes sit at a blank screen trying to think of good blog ideas, or feel like you're writing about the same thing over and over again?
Keeping blog content fresh and relevant is not always an easy thing. It means being creative and captivating for your reader's multiple times a week, 52 weeks a year.
What if I told you it didn't have to be so hard or take you so long to come up with that perfect title!
Check out these 5 quick and easy tips to find new content ideas for your blog below. You will find yourself swimming in ideas.
#1. Utilize Magazines.com
Now, magazines.com is a site that is set up to sell you magazines and books. However, its hidden secret is that it is actually a gold mine for blog titles. The best part is that you don’t have to buy anything to have access to these amazing titles…they are all in one place.
First, when you visit, search broadly for your niche. For example, you can search for fitness, or cooking, or sports. Or, if your niche is not that concrete, you might want to search for something like, "women lifestyle".
Second, browse the magazine covers that come up in your search results. When you find a cover that speaks to your topic, click on it.
Here's where you gain access to the gold mine. Viewing the covers of relevant magazines can give you inspiration for blog titles. These magazines have paid top copywriters in the industry to come up with great titles. Now you can repurpose them for your blog.
#2. Table Of Contents
Visit sites like amazon.com or barnesandnoble.com and search for books on your topic. First you want to find other books on your topic because this proves that your niche is profitable. Second, you can glean a lot of ideas from the table of contents and the back covers.
A great book series to search for on Amazon or Barnes and Noble is the Dummies series. The Dummies books have a large, detailed table of contents full of rich ideas for your next blogs.
#3. Play on Topsy!
The website: Topsy.com is a great place to see what fresh, relevant content is being written about your topic on Twitter or Google Plus.
When you first log onto Topsy, you will want type your niche into the search box. It will automatically bring back all results from Twitter.
However, you can also choose to narrow your search by time, date and you can switch networks from Twitter to Google Plus. These options can be found in the column on the left hand side of the website.
The search results are often great for finding fun, entertaining blog topics and they alert you to what's most important to people on Twitter and Google Plus in your niche.
4. What Type of Questions Do People Ask In Facebook Groups?
Are you apart of any Facebook groups that focus on the topic of your niche? If not, it's time to find them! Some groups are private, but many are public and you definitely want to jump into the conversation.
Of course, joining groups is a great way to build your visibility and engagement; however, it can also be an amazing way to get blog ideas.
Often in active Facebook groups, participants will ask questions of one another. For example, "have you tried ____ site, I'm thinking about signing up." This is a great question! Don't let the answer pass you by, Instead, you can write and publish a commentary blog post on that site. Your post could include a list of pros and cons.
Then, if you're able to turn around and produce the blog quickly, you can let the participant know of a great article on the topic. Be sure, however, to check with the group rules before you promote your website in the group. You don't want to lose your source for great blog ideas!
5. Create an Electronic Swipe File
A swipe file is a folder on your computer that holds information on a certain topic within your business. Often Entrepreneurs will have many swipe files. They may have one for product ideas; great sales page language, keyword phrases and so on.
Another great swipe file folder is a blogging folder. Anytime you come across an idea for a blog title, or great content to repurpose for your own blog, you will want to copy and paste it into your blog swipe file.
Now this does NOT mean that you can copy and paste another websites information into your actual blog. But, you can use their content as inspiration.
Creating an electronic swipe file is helpful because then you have access to it anytime, anywhere. Additionally, when you are short on time, it is a quick and easy way to grab an idea and start writing.
Which tip are you going to use the next time you need a creative spark?
How do you find blog material in a quick and easy way?
Please comment and share below…
Hey there, Mrs. Kim! I received this post in my inbox and I really enjoyed it! Now, I have some new resources to generate ideas for my blog. My audience is mostly made up of young people — high school students, college students, and student leaders — as i am a student myself. What I usually do to gain readers on my blog is use the "Share to WordPress" option on these news articles and then quote the article and link to the source by creating a hyperlink saying "click here to read the rest of this article __." So, I am never really out of topics, call me a news junkie
That’s a great idea too 😉
Super great post Kim. Really enjoyed reading it. Never thought of looking at Amazon for topics. Thanks for sharing your tips.
Chantal
Glad you got value from the article, Chantal!
Hi Kim, I really enjoyed this post and have used several of the methods you describe to create new content for my blog as well. Some additional resources that I use on a regular basis include: my RSS feed and LinkedIn Groups. I also keep a general "Topic Ideas" folder in Evernote. Thanks again for all the great information you share! ~Carol
Those are great ideas too! Thanks for sharing ’em.
Kim,
Thanks! This is by far the best ideas I have read about in a very long time. I have been using sites like Stumbleupon for ideas, but I will definitely check these out.
Yahoo…music to my ears! I hope you find all kinds of ideas!
I had not heard of the Topsy site and I will be sure to try it, thanks
Hope it helps, John!
Excellent post and resources. These are the great ideas that I would have never thought of. Thanks Kim for the great content! You make us all think
Glad to hear this, Geoff!
This is a fantastic post! thanks for great suggestions as I feel like a beginner still in this blogging world! I did just join a few groups on Linked In in my niche and that has also helped with ideas and even posts to Facebook! thanks, Kim! 😉
Awesome! Glad you got value from it, Karen!
Hi Kim,
You're right about the swipe file. I would have forgotten so many brilliant ideas if I didn't use one. I set up a new notebook every day in Evernote. I name it with the date, make it my default notebook, and capture everything worthwhile there. That way, I start out with a clean slate every day and capture everything I might want to remember later. Great for swipe files.
Magazines.com? Why didn't I think of that? Brilliant. These guys pay tons to know what types of titles get attention. Love it!
Look what Jesse Lanclos just posted..How to Increase the Sales of Your Product – Without Being Sneaky or Pushy
Thanks for the link!
Kim,
Oh my goodness!! Thank you so much for this post! I will be using ALL of these ideas. It's sometimes so difficult to think of another topic to write about each week. This also will help you keep your post topics current and on trend. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Glad this was helpful, Raychel!
Thanks Kim, for these great tips. It's only early days for my social media marketing for my book and the follow on series, but I am constantly looking for ways to connect to readers. I love your blogs because they are concise and easy reading. I have kept many of them for later reference. I'm sure I am part of a long stream of social media apprentices who follow you.
Thanks Dee!
Hi Kim,
Excellent post, I have used topsy but i never checked that we can find out the relevant blog posts as well. I have checked this feature just now.
I used to get new posts ideas by reading some quality blogs or i usually try to share some posts which are hidden or has not been shared before. I try to write on the things which no has covered before.
Thank you
Jen, check out Topsy and let me know what you think!
Hey Kim,
Good to be here and thanks for sharing these tips. Sometimes we run dry and need some fresh ideas on getting new contents. It's always exciting to come across such blog posts that show us the way out.
BRW, congrats for being listed on SocialMediaExaminer's Top Ten Social Media Blogs of 2013!
Look what Enstine Muki just posted..4 Top Free Apps for Social Media Management
Thank you! Glad you dropped by!
Great resource, Kim! I hadn't thought of Topsy. I use Google Reader and bookmarking to keep track of content I want to share or expound on. I also use the local online newspaper so I can make good use of local search terms within communities I write for.
~Susan
Glad to see that you got some value from this article, Susan!
Brilliant! Great ideas for us new bloggers, thanks for posting.
Glad you got some value from this one, Leslie!
I need to put my swipe file on my computer the one I have in my head tends to loose information..;) Great Idea. I have made trying to get organized a big Priority this year! Thanks for all the awesome tips Kim!
Look what Elizabeth L Maness just posted..Doing this 1 thing can increase your website traffic 55%!
Thanks for popping in, Liz!
Great post! I have been trying to find new ways to create content, I really think the table of contents is a great idea. I just found a handful of content ideas on amazon! Thank you!!!
Bob, glad you liked the ideas 😉
Kim – great stuff. I like to collect a lot of articles on new and more creative ways at coming up with blog post ideas as that is a big time consumer for me and I must honestly say that a couple of these suggestions I have never heard before and am eager to try. Thanks. Keep up the good work!
Glad they were helpful, Dave!
Don’t really go through blog post or read articles a lot but since I got to know and feel your impact on twitter..I have gone through so many articles written by you..am just so happy with myself for identifying with your Personality.
I am so happy that you are getting value from the content! Thanks for tuning in!
yah this is true that blog content can’t be fresh and unique every time. Thanks to share your article it really nice… it seriously works for me….. thanks to share Kim…. keep sharing your ideas…
From:Web development Company
Thank you Kim, love comng here to read your mind blowing method. I never heard about topsy, going to check it out.
I also going to look at magazine.com for ideas and another place I used to look for ideas is ezinearticles.
Excellent post Kim
Look what James Samy just posted..How To Bring Happiness In My Life
the worst thing in blogging is routine, it is good when blogger can write about something new each time when he decide to write somethin new, but indeed it is a very hard to do
Look what Tony just posted..Jak zwalczyć zaparcia oraz zatwardzenie?
Thank you Kim! I just came across this post after a few weeks of digging for ideas – super helpful!
Thanks a lot for the valuable info.
Look what Marc fish just posted..Tips for teens who want to lose weight
I use Everpost as my electronic swipe file. Great app and program to use. I just hop on my phone and jot down my ideas.
Look what Alicia Henderson just posted..The Top 3 Reasons Why Your Marketing isn’t Building Your Practice
Hi Kim,
great post! some excellent resources there. My fav is topsy. I like the look of that site and I think I will use it in the future. Thanks for the excellent find!
EngS
Look what EngineerSuccess just posted..Enjoy the Plateau – Take Some Time to Enjoy your AccomplishmentsJawatan Kosong Majlis Agama Islam Wilayah Persekutuan (MAIWP)
Jawatan Kosong MAIWP – in MAIWP.
- Jurutera Tapak J41
- Kerani Tapak J29
- Pegawai Undang-Undang L41
- Pembantu Am Pejabat N1
- Pembantu Hal Ehwal Islam S17
- Pembantu Makmal C17
- Perkhidmatan Pendidikan Siswazah DG41
Further information and how to apply, please follow :
Jawatan Kosong MAIWP closing date 02 Disember 2012
More Jobs Available :
- Jawatan Kosong Administrative Executive Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong ACCOUNTS ASSISTANT/EXECUTIVE Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong CD Ops Excellence Executive Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Executive - Sales & Marketing Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Inbound Customer Service KL - Banking Line Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Business Analysts Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Database Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Production Operator Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong - HR & Admin Executive Mei 2015
- Jawatan Kosong Recovery OfficerIIT Institute of Design (ID) is located in Chicago. The institute is dedicated to improving the process of innovation by developing and teaching a more methodological and human-centered approach to design. Students learn advanced design methods and frameworks such as problem framing, user research, and prototyping to help them address the large-scale, ambiguous problems facing companies, government and civic organizations..Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure Industry News
[November 13, 2012]
Honoring our veterans
LIVE OAK, Nov 12, 2012 (Suwannee Democrat - McClatchy-Tribune Information Services via COMTEX) -- A huge crowd turned out Monday morning at Live Oak Cemetery for a Veterans Day ceremony hosted by the American Legion Post 107 and Disabled American Veterans Chapter 126.
Many veterans and family members attended to honor those who have served and may still be serving in our armed forces and to pay respect to those who have passed on.
The service opened with Commander of Post 107, Bruce Ward, welcoming all who came out. This was soon followed by the presentation of colors by Boy Scout Troop 408 and the Pledge of Allegiance by Cub Scout Pack 408. Chaplain Phil Smith of Post 107 led the invocation.
The speaker was Suwannee County Judge and and retired colonel of the United States Marine Corp., Lin Williams, who gave a rousing speech about how Frances Scott Key came to write the lyrics of the Star Spangled Banner and it's eventual momentous place in American history as our national anthem.
The Roll Call of the Veterans Called Home was a reading of each of our local deceased military heroes who have passed away this year. This was followed by a 21-gun salute by Honor Guards of Post 107 and Chapter 126. Immediately following was Suwannee Middle School Band Director Ken Michael playing a poignant Taps on trumpet. Jean Cheeseman President of the Live Oak Garden Club thanked everyone and told how honored she and the club were to be a part of the ceremony. She placed a wreath by the soldier memorial with its inscription "Never Forgotten." The Benediction was done by John Foley, chaplain of DAV 126.
Some of the vets would share some of the experiences they had many years ago serving our country. "I was with Patton. You know they made a movie about him, but he wasn't really like that, they were just trying to sell a movie," said Luel Poole, a veteran of World War II. "I was with him the day his driver was killed. He (Patton) cried and then he said I have to fight a war." Poole added that his colonel at the time said that if Patton had fought over in the Pacific and had been able to use tanks like McArthur, he would have ended the war quick, he chuckled.
Tim Schmid, 63, the finance officer in American Legion Post 107 had first served in Vietnam.
"Vietnam was on its way down," said Schmid. "They gave us a choice to get out." Schmid wasn't quite done serving in the military as he was then stationed in the Philippines for a year and a half as well as Germany for two years.
Many of the veterans in attendance were grateful and pleased with the ceremony.
"I always come here," said Roger Higman, 83, who served in the Army in Korea. "I always enjoy it." Retired Marine, Calvin Mercer, 88, who had served in the Pacific during WW II in Guam and Iwo Jima thought it was nice.
When asked how the ceremony went, Ernie Jossi, retired from the Navy, who served from 1961-65, said it was very nice. "I'm proud of those who are with us and did a lot more than I did," said Jossi.
Retired Army Major, Lee Peters who did two tours of Vietnam said the ceremony was always good and Air Force Chaplain, Phil Smith said he enjoyed it and was glad to take part.
Following the ceremony, many of the different vets were seen milling about talking amongst themselves. Although many served in different branches and in different places with varying circumstances, they all shared a commonality, and that was to serve and fight for freedom for America.
There are more photos online and photos are available for purchase. Go to suwanneedemocrat.com and click the photo gallery link on the left navigation bar.
___ (c)2012 the Suwannee Democrat (Live Oak, Fla.) Visit the Suwannee Democrat (Live Oak, Vergara, use to stay svelte in all the right places on this episode of "Inside & Out."
More Celebrity Features on Yahoo!:
Gwyneth Paltrow Shares Her Sculpting Secrets
Cindy Crawford's Body Balance Tips
Kim Kardashian: I Didn't Know 'How to Embrace Curves' as a Kid
- Kim Kardashian
- Gunnar PetersonBook Discussion on Forced Into Glory
Mr. Bennett spoke about his book Forced Into Glory: Abraham Lincoln’s White Dream, published by Johnson Publishing. The… read more
Mr. Bennett spoke about his book Forced Into Glory: Abraham Lincoln’s White Dream, published by Johnson Publishing. The book depicts President Lincoln as a racist who grudgingly came to the decision to emancipate slaves. Following Mr. Bennett’s remarks a panel of historians discussed the book’s conclusions and answered questions from the audience. close
People in this video
- Lerone Bennett Jr. Author
- Howard Dodson Jr. Director Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture
- Eric Foner Professor Columbia University->History
- Harold Holzer Vice President Metropolitan Museum of Art->Communications
- William Strickland Professor University of Massachusetts, Amherst
Hosting Organization
Series…Seagate has the industry's widest selection of enterprise drives with security and encryption features. When choosing encryption on hard disk drives (HDD) and solid state drives (SSD), Seagate offers a variety of options, with the right level of security for your applications.
Security Drive Selection Guide >
Resources
Security Drive Selection Guide
Seagate Encrypting Drives: Import/Export Compliance
Seagate Instant Secure Erase Deployment Options
The TCO of Software vs. Hardware-based Full Disk Encryption Summary"I mean this as a compliment, but I don't think he was that great of a goalie when he started his career," said Tom Laidlaw, his agent and a former NHL player. "But he made himself into a top goalie."
Mason was viewed as a minor leaguer and backup for the Nashville Predators until 2006-07, when Tomas Vokoun's medical issue gave him an opportunity to play regularly. The Blues acquired Mason last summer, hoping he would help solidify their goaltending. But he lost playing time early in the season because of appendicitis and didn't become the clear No. 1 until Manny Legace was shipped to the minors.
St. Louis was last in the conference Feb. 18, and it holds the eighth playoff spot in the West after Tuesday night's 5-1 win vs. the Phoenix Coyotes.
"Chris has been through it all as a goalie," Blues President John Davidson said. "He knows what the position is about. He knows how to practice. He knows when to get off the ice, and when to work hard. He really is a professional in every aspect of the word."
Laidlaw said he has always been impressed by Mason because his approach to the business side of the sport is always to say, "Just put me in position to be the best player possible."
With the Blues fighting for playoff survival, Mason has helped the team to a record of 10-5-2 in its last 17 games.
"We didn't score many goals for him earlier — he was losing 1-0 and 2-1," Davidson said. "That was frustrating. Now it's different."
Does this mean the Blues view Mason, 32, as their No. 1 beyond this season? "The way he is playing, why not?" Davidson said. "This lets us develop our young goalies, like Ben Bishop. And we have Jake Allen playing in Montreal, and we hope he will be the Canadian goalie in the world juniors next year. We don't have to fast track anyone."
When the season started, the Blues were projected as the NHL's worst team because they were going to have several youngsters playing.
"If someone would have asked earlier if I would take having three games with a shot to get in, I would have said, 'I would gladly take those odds,' " Davidson said. "So we will take one period at a time and see where it goes."
—
Wednesday's Key Game I:
Buffalo at Toronto, 7:30 p.m. ET: The Sabres essentially need to win all three of their games and then would need the Florida Panthers and New York Rangers to experience calamity to make the playoffs.
Wednesday's Key Game II:
Columbus at Chicago, 8:30 p.m. ET: With three games remaining, the Blue Jackets are in good shape for the playoffs, but they are not yet perfectly safe. Depending upon what happens Tuesday, a win could do it.
Injury update: Nashville's Ryan Jones is ready to go, but Martin Erat (broken leg) and David Legwand (facial fracture) are still out. Although the Canadiens aren't revealing their injury situation, it appears that defensemen Mathieu Schneider and Andre Markov are out for extended periods. ... With Andreas Lilja still out with a concussion and Brian Rafalski also injured, rookie Jonathan Ericsson is receiving a long audition for possible playoff work. He played 22 minutes in Detroit's win over Buffalo. Both players are expected to return for the playofffs. ... Injured Bruins forward Phil Kessel is now ready to return
Notes with playoff implications:
Carolina: With an eight-game winning streak, the Carolina Hurricanes are the NHL's hottest team heading into the playoffs. Goalie Cam Ward is expected to make his 27th consecutive start Tuesday night in Carolina's game against the New York Islanders. The Hurricanes still have a shot to win home ice advantage in the first round, although the Philadelphia Flyers control their own destiny.
New York Islanders: Although well out of contention, the Islanders took a step toward making the playoffs next season by re-signing Doug Weight. If the Islanders end up with the No. 1 draft pick and choose John Tavares, highly-respected Weight could end up as Tavares' mentor.
Who's hot: Detroit defenseman Nicklas Lidstrom has two goals, three assists and is plus-5 in in his past four games. He's now tied for the league lead among defensemen at plus-33 and he's third in points. ... Montreal left wing Alex Tanguary has six goals and 15 points in 14 games since returning from a separated shoulder.
Stat of the day: If the Florida Panthers miss the playoffs for an eighth consecutive season, they will be one year short of the NHL record of nine consecutive seasons out of the playoffs, set by the Colorado Rockies/New Jersey Devils from 1979-87.Street Style: Toronto
by anonymous
We went all over Toronto to find lots of stripes, leather, denim and rock and roll boots.
Grunge, nautical themes and bright colors are still going strong as a trend in the city.
Since its getting really cold outside, every body is wearing tights with denim cut off shorts and interesting leggings.
For more, visit the Beckermans' blog, Beckerman Bite Plate.Lale Kostakoglu
- PROFESSOR Radiology
Specialty
Certifications
Nuclear Medicine
Clinical Focus
- Bleeding Scan
- Bone Scan
- Brain Scan
- Liver-Spleen Scan
- Lung Scan
- Lymphoscintigraphy
- MIBG Scan
- MUGA Scan
- Octreotide Scan
- PET/CT Scan
- Parathyroid Scan
Education
MD, Ege Universitesi
Internship, Pathology
S.U.N.Y Health Science Center - College of Medicine
Internship, Nuclear Medicine
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
Fellowship, Nuclear Medicine
Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center
Awards
2011 - 2012
Chair of the Lymphoma-Working Group
ECOG/ACRIN Cancer Researchostakoglu during 2014 and/or 2015. Please note that this information may differ from information posted on corporate sites due to timing or classification differences.
Consulting:
- Medical Imaging and Technology Alliance (MITA) Guggenheim MC Level Room NM 160
1190 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10029
Guggenheim Pavilion Floor MC Room Chief, Nuc Medicine
1190 Fifth Avenue
New York, NY 10029
1190 FIFTH AVENUE
NEW YORK, NY 10029
- Monday 8:00am - 5:00pm
- Tuesday 8:00am - 5:30pm
- Wednesday 8:00am - 5:30pm
- Thursday 8:00am - 5:30pm
- Friday 8:00am - 7:30pm
- Master Card
- Visa
- American Express
- Discover
- Personal Check
- CashK.
Copyright 2015 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
truthkupdku 3 years, 6 months ago
This comment was removed by the site staff for violation of the usage agreement.
just_another_bozo_on_this_bus 3 years, 6 months ago
Are you looking to get a second post removed?
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Dine Cell Phone Free.The sold-out Spirit Center, filled with some of the most knowledgeable college basketball fans to be found anywhere, seemed to be rooting for a good opening game, as much as anything.
There were roars for Cal State Northridge baskets. And roars for Memphis baskets.
That should come as no surprise here in Kansas City. While fans at other NCAA Tournament sites jump on the bandwagon of underdogs like clockwork, people here just want to see good basketball when they have no vested interest in either team.
Cal State Northridge was bidding to become only the fifth No. 15 seed to knock off a No. 2 since the NCAA Tournament began seeding in 1985. And the Matadors were certainly easy to pull for, considering what the team has been through during the past eight months. They lost point guard Josh Jennings to injuries suffered in a car crash and the suspension of two players, including top scorer Deon Tresvant, after they were arrested on charges of felony theft.
But Memphis also received a chorus of cheers during the 81-70 Tigers victory. Some might consider the Tigers to be an underdog in another way, coming from Conference USA and not from one of the six “power” leagues.
Who knows? Perhaps some fans here still felt a little sorry for Memphis, which blew a 9-point lead to their beloved Kansas Jayhawks in the 2008 national championship game.
Whatever the case, it was good to both teams get some cheers. Players on both sides were working hard.Otis Redding
‘Stand by Me': Through the Years, from Ben E. King to Imagine Dragons
From?
><<
The Jersey Boys Got Their First Number One Hit
Let’s listen to what happened on this day in history, September 9.
Ten Smooth Songs To Keep You Cool
Although this hasn’t been an overly hot summer, we’ve come up with a list of ten songs with either cool in the title or ones that can take your mind away to a cooler place.Secondary menu
Sections
How smelly are your shoes? There's money in this.... READ ON
John Green is back again to put 30 more life hacks to the test.... READ ON
In this week's episode of the List Show, John Green rattles off the origins of various cheese names. ... READ ON
Elliott Morgan clears up some rumors about cleanliness.... READ ON
John Green gives you a peek behind the scenes of some of your favorite movies.... READ ON
Elliott Morgan debunks some myths about driving. ... READ ONReview Notes:
This was a pleasant smoke, but the only thing particularly interesting about it was the shape. The flavor was nice, but not memorable enough to make me want to keep many of these on-hand. I'm glad I tried it, and it was enjoyable, but I won't go out of my way to find any more.Without job creation, N.H. can't move forward
Published:
New Hampshire's workers have fared better than many in this recession, but it hasn't been easy.As we approach the beginning of a new session in our Legislature, I ask our legislators to refocus their efforts on creating jobs and strengthening our state economy.It's clear that the policies that our Legislature pushed in its last session are not working for Granite Staters. According to the New Hampshire Economic and Labor Market Information Bureau, 3,000 workers lost their jobs in July, sending the unemployment rate climbing by 0.3 percent. Private-sector jobs simply are not growing at a rate high enough to replace the public sector jobs being eliminated -- in fact, nearly 1,900 private-sector jobs were lost in July alone.The latest jobs data also raises concerns about a fundamental restructuring of our economy toward one dominated by low-wage, low-skill jobs that can't sustain our state in the long term. In July alone, the most recent month for which data is available, 1,300 private-sector jobs in management, science and technology, paying an average of $27 an hour, dried up.Meanwhile, job growth has been concentrated in low-wage, no-benefit professions like food service and tourism, even accounting for seasonal adjustments.Legislators victorious at the polls last November were given a mandate to create jobs and keep our economy strong. But instead of delivering on their campaign promises, many legislators launched a relentless series of attacks on working people.Instead of creating jobs, legislators disenfranchised students and seniors, cut Medicaid for seniors and the disabled, and passed a budget that eliminated 9,000 jobs. What was passed off as a jobs bill, the wrongly named right-to-work law, is not a proven job creator, but has been proven to lower wages for workers across the board.Worse, Granite Staters weren't even given a chance to object. When we flooded the State House to disagree with the direction that our Legislature was heading, House Speaker Bill O'Brien shut the doors in our faces.Rather than represent the interests of all of his constituents during this last session, O'Brien has pandered to an extreme tea party agenda at the expense of New Hampshire's most vulnerable residents.And sadly, the upcoming session promises to be no different. The tea party enthusiasts in our Legislature have already vowed to override Gov. John Lynch's veto of right-to-work and to repeal our best-value contracting law -- legislation that keeps costs down and creates jobs in our state by pushing state government agencies to be smarter about awarding contracts.This fall, we need to step back from partisan struggles and refocus on what really matters. As our economy recovers, our government has a responsibility to foster an environment where people have access to good jobs and can support their families. The results from our last legislative session are clear: Without a strong commitment from our legislators to invest in job creation, New Hampshire cannot move forward.We ask our lawmakers to create jobs, instead of slandering the people looking for one.We ask for concrete proposals to spend our state dollars smarter.And we ask our lawmakers to work to protect good middle-class jobs, to ensure a better future for our children.Mark MacKenzie is president of the New Hampshire AFL-CIO.Dirk (1st)
Chandler (3rd)
Terry (3rd)
Kidd (3rd)
Butler (3rd)
Marion (4th)
Mavs did it without a 2nd option.
Type: Posts; User: DoJoTheSlasher
Dirk (1st)
Chandler (3rd)
Terry (3rd)
Kidd (3rd)
Butler (3rd)
Marion (4th)
Mavs did it without a 2nd option.
I find it funny how just last year, people thought Dirk, a top 20 player of all time, was not a HOF. Now Yao is a HOF? He played like 3 full years..... And he wasn't exactly the best rebounder...
My friend's name is Ben.
LeBron James traveled.
Michael Jeffery Jordan
So the guy who shoots 9.8% in the 4th quarter is gonna win back to back MVP's? Don't think so.
It's between Dwight Howard and Dirk Nowitzki.
In other news, I opted out of my contract.
Brown is garbage. He is a dunker. That's it...
This is good for LA.
These players and owners did it to themselves and I'm not gonna feel sorry that they won't get their 6 million dollar paycheck tomorrow.
But **** this really sucks...
Every single one of those players would easily be the 3rd best player on the Knicks....
It goes both ways....
Calthes hasn't played a single second in the NBA and you think he should be an option ahead of Jones?
Roddy absolutely SUCKS as a PG. He is a SG and always will be.
Chandler finished 3rd in DPOY voting, basically averaged a double double, he anchored our defense which brought us our first championship.
Nene didn't do **** and same goes for West. Chandler is...
Many people say that J.R. Smith, if he was consistent, he would be a multi all star in this league. He has unbelievable range, is very athletic, can bust out a HUGE play at anytime.
Rudy is the...
Derrick Williams
Kyrie Irving/Enes Kanter
Kenneth Faried
Bismack Biyombo
Jan Vesely
Kemba Walker
Kyrie Irving
No one. We won the Championship.
Brian Cardinal
Add Beaubois and the fact that if there is a partial season, all of our 30 year olds get that much more rest.
Bron is going back to Cleveland.
Ellis is overrated...
Hey kind of like LeBron to Miami! Overrated addition that ended up costing Miami in the Finals.
Manu freakin' Ginobili
Wasn't Portland supposed to be dangerous last year? And the year before? And the year before?
Yeah.... They aren't that good lol.
Top 3 without a doubt.
I like it. Fernandez has a load of talent. He will prove himself this year with us. I think Stevenson and Peja are gone. JJ might leave as well.
Dirk blocks Artest
"The German says get that outta here World Peace"
lol
So because he changed his name to World Peace means he is a winner and has swag? No it means he is such a dumbass who just wants attention. He needs help.A Little Bit About Us
Between this blog and our forum, Raw Freedom Community, I'm sure you can get a pretty good sense of what we're about, but just for the sake of making things easier for those of you who aren't yet familiar with us...
Our names are Carmella and Don, and we've been dedicated to living a healthier, ever growing and more fulfilling life together for the past 9 years. This has included eating mostly raw and living foods. Besides being the author of this blog, I have released two raw recipe ebooks: The Best Of The Sunny Raw Kitchen and The Best of Raw Freedom Community.
In addition to our central passion for self-knowledge/personal growth, some of our specific interests and expertise include:
- Vipassana meditation
the Five Tibetan Rites
- freeing/purifying our body/minds
- building harmonious relationships and community
- simple living in harmony with Nature
- raw food prep, from simple everyday meals to gourmet feasts
-'! ;-)
That totally sounds like a blast! You guys will have so much fun, I'd suggest you come visit me in Seattle but given my tiny one bedroom apartment on the 6th floor in downtown Seattle, probably isn't in the cards. But have fun regardless!
wow, that's so exciting! keep us posted. i am on a raw tour of sorts right now. one month without my kitchen, can I survive?
rita, i live in seattle too and have a futon for carmi and don. plus there are tons of folks in seattle who would love to benefit from your amazing talents.
Awesome! Thanks girls! ;-)
We're thinking of getting a small RV (if it's in the flow) which would make things easier for both us and the furries.
Will definitely keep you posted!
wow!!
that sounds awesome. If you are planning to go south come to Mexico!! At least to the border with California, to Mexicali to be exact! I have a big house (my parents') where you can stay! (we also have a huge bedroom for you!)
How far are you planning to go?
All the best wishes in this new adventure!
Mango hugs!
Lau-raw ;)
I have recently discovered kombucha and love love love it! but unfortunately it is sooo pricey, especially for the raw version. Can you do a post on how to make it yourself? That would be awesome! (and raw-some!)
Wow, looks like Seattle is really calling you guys, because I live in Seattle too! And while I don't personally know ANYONE else who is into raw foods besides maybe my mom, reading these couple of comments from other Seattle-ites lets me know there are some out there! It would be wonderful to experience some kind of Seattle-Raw-Group thing. I will definitely be looking forward to seeing your itinerary and dearly hope you will be coming to Seattle!
Wow, what a great sounding plan! Too bad I live in an another country far away.......
Hi there! My name is Missy, I live in DC and am fresh back from the Raw Spirit Living Festival! I wished we could have seen you demo a few recipes, but now I read you're coming on tour!? So exciting. Our place is too small to stay, but I'm sure you could stay & put on classes at the Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Center here in Columbia Heights! It is sunny and beautiful inside with a huge park next door. If by chance you've never heard of them, do look them up. They are huge & do wonderful humanitarian work. Let me know if you'd like me to check with them :0)
Light & Love,
Missy
Thanks Lau-raw!
How far? Hum, we've got no idea really as we intend to go with the flow. It's starting to look like we'd make our way along the East coast, then travel across the southern US (plus warm weather would def help given that we might have to sleep outside), then back up along the West Coast (yes, through Seattle! ;-) )
Your parents' home sounds lovely, although I'm not sure what the law is like about taking animals into Mexico... Will look into it.
Thanks Missy! I was invited to the RSF last year but couldn't make it. *shrugs* Wow, the Center seems like a wonderful option. We'd love it if you could approach them for us. My guess is that we'd be passing through DC sometime in November. Perhaps you could forward them this post so they can also get a better feel for who we are and what we do? Thanks a bunch!
Ooops, forgot to address the kombucha comment...
I actually started documenting the process almost a year back with the intention of doing a post but never got around to it. Will do my best to publish it before we hit the road. ;-)
sure thing!
i'm on the job :0)
best
missy
what a fabulous idea for people to experience you live with your amazing live food talents. will keep an eye open of where you are in ny and maybe there will be a group workshop that you will create and i can attend. good luck on your new venture.
Hi Carmella!!!
That would be great if you both could come to Brussels!!! we would love to meet you in person!!! Let me know if you would be interested! :p
I wish you great journey and lots of experience and fun!
Daga
Hey Missy! You still around?
Could you send me an email so we can explore the possibilities of a stop in DC further? Thanx!
Hi Carmella,
I am new to raw foods and learning so much from your blog! I live in Montreal and I wonder if there is possibility for a raw food preparation workshop here in Montreal before you leave Quebec for your tour? I don't really know any places here that would host such events except for those organized by RawDivas.com. But if there would be a class with an affordable fee for attendance (around $20 to $30) I would definitely sign up and bring a couple of friends too. :)
Thanks and all the best in your rawdventures!
Sasha
Hi Sasha,
You're the second person from Mtl contacting me in the last hour so a class may very well be in the cards. ;-)
Can you send me an email at sunnyrawkitchen(at)gmail(dot)com so we can talk about the possibilities?
Cheers!Nationwide, the opportunities for poor and minority students to attend a high-performing school are only about half what they are for white students, says a national study out today.
The report by the Cambridge, Mass.-based Schott Foundation for Public Education ranks all 50 states on the basis of student achievement and the percentages of students from historically disadvantaged groups attending the state's top-performing public schools.
Only eight states fared well on both counts: Vermont, Maine, New Hampshire, Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Virginia. It may be worth noting that these are all states with comparatively low populations of African-American, Latino, and Native American populations.
The 10 states at the other end of the scale—in other words, the ones that got low scores for both proficiency and educational access—were somewhat more mixed in that regard. They are: Missouri, Texas, Rhode Island, Illinois, Michigan, Arkansas, Arizona, Nevada, West Virginia, and the District of Columbia.
Here's one surprise in the study: Some wealthy, typically high-achieving states, such as Connecticut, Massachusetts, and New York, scored near the bottom on the foundation's overall opportunity-to-learn scale.
And here's another: Judged solely on the basis of disadvantaged students' access to the best schools, Louisiana ranks first. But the report also says that finding may be a bit skewed because the state's public schools have disproportionately high proportions of black, Latino, Native American, and low-income students, and large percentages of white, middle-class students enroll in private schools there.
The full report, titled "Lost Opportunity in America," also contains statistics on disparities, within and among states, access to early-childhood education, high-quality teachers, instructional materials, and a college-preparatory curriculum. Check it out here.
We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement.
All comments are public.Hockey fans excited to attend home opener of Red Wings
Hockey fans excited to attend home opener at the Joe Louis Arena
Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
(WXYZ) - Despite Tuesday night's Red Wings loss, it was a great time for the fans who have been waiting for this home opener for a long time.
"It was great to see them back in town. Just too bad that they looked a little flat tonight, but nonetheless they'll get back to it again," said a fan outside of the Joe.
Watch the full video in the player above.Snowden Used Cheap, Web-Crawler Software to Gain Access
Intelligence officials have learned that NSA leaker Edward Snowden gained access to highly classified documents with an inexpensive and widely available software program.
The New York Times reports that Snowden used webcrawler software to extract data - an automated process. Former Deputy Director of the CIA and CBS News Senior Security Contributor Michael Morrell says Snowden's insider attack was not sophisticated and should have been readily detected.
Morrell says the takeaway from the report is the need for stricter controls on who has access to sensitive material.
He says the networks at the White House, at DOD, at State Department - those individuals who have access to this information need the same kind of security that happens inside the intelligence community.I have some users that want to use their outlook express. I am in the process up moving over to the Zimbra server. My question: Is there was a way to get POP3 working without SSL on port 995. I need to have it running on port 110 with out SSL so all my users do not have to change settings.
I unchecked the SSL under Global Settings > POP >
This did not work.Loving
Born on Feb. 10 - This little Jack Russell Terrier - poodle mix is so cute, very lovable and smart. He is mostly potty trained. He is well socialized both with other dogs and with children. He is kennel trained. He does well in the car. He has a very cute personality. ...
Mar 28 -
Frederick :
Broad Run - Dogs & puppies
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription toChanges related to Coefficients
From Math Images
This special page lists the last changes on pages who are linked. Pages on your watchlist are bold.< Coefficients
Below are the last 50 changes in the last 7 days, as of 06:35, 22 May 2015.
Show last 50 | 100 | 250 | 500 changes in last 1 | 3 | 7 | 14 | 30 days
Hide minor edits
No changes on linked pages during the given period.Reasons to Take Horseback Riding Lessons
Many kids ask for a pony for Christmas and never get one. Horses are expensive creatures, but horseback riding lessons, whether for a child or an adult, can be a valuable activity for several reasons.
Get Physically Fit While Having Fun.
Therapeutic Horseback Riding
Using Horses for Children and Adults with Challenges
Riding horses addresses several key symptoms affiliated with challenges like autism:
• communication and social skill
• slowered sensory skills
• motor skills
• response to verbal cues and external stimuli.
Riding horses is much more than just a physical experience. While the movement of the horse is great for improving circulation, muscle control, and coordination, there is also a very profound bond that riders–healthy and disabled–develop with their mounts. Horses are companion animals. They look to their riders for direction and love. They are attuned to the smallest movement, attitude, and emotion; a rider cannot hide anything from a horse. Horses can tell if you are angry, nervous, happy, excited, tense, or relaxed and they respond accordingly. They aren’t demanding. They want to understand you and for you to understand them. Because of the love and trust they give, their fine-tuned responses, and desire to please, they are extremely effective in creating a bond with autistic riders that encourages communication and interaction.
Autistic riders learn to communicate verbally and physically with their horse, and they can see the immediate result of their communication when the horse reacts. They learn to focus on something outside themselves, an important step for austistic people. They also learn to communicate and interact with other people as they work with instructors and volunteers who are leading the horse or walking beside them. They learn to respond to verbal cues from the instructor as they complete specific tasks. Plus, riding horses is good exercise and a whole lot of fun.
Most importantly, kids and adults with autism learn to connect with horses, building a trusting relationship that is fun, rewarding, and life-changing.
Hippotherapy vs. Therapeutic Riding Programs
Hippotherapy and therapeutic riding differ primarily in practice and cost.
Hippotherapy is performed by a licensed physical or occupational therapist and has very specific physical tasks and goals. It is therapy using the horse as a living tool. It is very expensive (can run $150-200 per session), like any therapy, and is sometimes covered by medical insurance.
Therapeutic riding, also known as equine-assisted activites, on the other hand is more like riding lessons for physically and mentally disabled as well as kids and adults with behavioral or emotional issues. Cost is significantly less (generally $25-50 per session). Equine-assisted activities are taught by riding instructors with the help of volunteers who lead the horses and sidewalk next to the riders to ensure their safety. Therapeutic riding students learn to ride horses using verbal and physical cues like any other rider. Lessons are often taught in groups, which helps students to make friends and build confidence.
I Love Horses and societal differences.
Get started now or continue to advance your horsemanship call me now, John at 815 603-4595
All ages welcome
Top 10 Reasons Why I Love Horses
1. Inspiration.
2. Fun!
3. Riding is all around great exercise.
4. Social life.
5. Positive mental health and relaxation.
6. Encourages a Healthy Active Life Style.
7. Sense of freedom and power.
8. Horses teach us about ourselves.
9. Keep you close to nature.
10. Friendship between the species.
John Bautz
815 603-4595
Mokena, ILNew York hijinks collective Improv Everywhere has translated five classic movies into real life over the past year or so, but the one the group launched today, Jurassic Park, is especially exciting to fans of 1993. The latest mini-movie finds a Jeep full of adventurers traversing Manhattan and Brooklyn looking for Jurassic Park. They eventually find it—or find a guy in a giant Velociraptor costume—in Prospect Park, much to the delight of kids and pedestrians everywhere. And while the faux-John Williams music pales in comparison to the original, the whole clip’s still pretty cute. [via Laughing Squid]Clue: Off-road transport: Abbr.
We have 1 answer for the clue Off-road transport: Abbr.. See the results below.
Possible Answers:
Related Clues:
- Recreational four-wheeler, for short
- Versatile transport, for short
- It goes off-road: Abbr.
- Off-road traveler: Abbr.
- Off-road goer, briefly
- Off-road wheels, for short
- Off-road goer, for short
- Off-road transport, briefly
- Safari transport, briefly
- Suzuki product: Abbr.
Last Seen In:
- New York Times - June 10, 2002
Found an answer for the clue Off-road transport: Abbr. that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!Super Junior will release a photobook across Asia on Nov. 6 to mark the 7th anniversary of their debut.
The book comprises photos taken during their solo concert in Paris in April and journals written by band members.
The general edition comes with postcards and posters, while the special edition includes a DVD and 2013 diary.“Killer” bees responsible for dog death in Florida.
Africanized bees kill dog, injure another in St.Pete.
A swarm of Africanized killer bees attacked two pit bulls this morning, killing at least one of them, St. Petersburg police said.
There was a colony in the attic of a neighboring house.
This graphic showing the spread of Africanized bees ends in 2003 but obviously, they have continued further north and west.
Africanized bees are more dangerous because they are more aggressive, “easily provoked, quicker to swarm, attack in greater numbers, and pursue their victims for greater distance.” It is likely that the dogs attacked a bee that initiated a swarm. It was reported that the residents didn’t know the huge colony was there.
ENY-140/IN738: Frequently Asked Questions about the Africanized Honey Bee in Florida.
I remember learning about them as a little kid and that they were going eat our faces by now. Or something. I wasn’t a very good student.A boy in India is immunized against Japanese encephalitis. Photo: PATH/Julie Jacobson.
Guest contributor Amie Batson is chief strategy officer at PATH. This post was updated on March 19, 2014.
Amie Batson. Photo: PATH/Patrick McKern.?
Kimmelin Hull March 18, 2014 at 4:59 am
So exciting to see the work PATH is doing around the world! I’m looking forward to listening in on the conversation tomorrow, and am in love with the concept of “investing” in women…smart in SO MANY ways!
~ Kimmelin Hull, PA, MPHs (MCH)
Bozeman, MT.
Peter Groen March 18, 2014 at 7:38 am
One way to help is sharing information about the many high quality free and open source resources now available online that can be accessed and used by billions of people around the world. Not enough is known about them yet. They cover healthcare, education, agriculture, business, … they can help in all facets of people’s lives. See some of the best links on the non-profit site
meseret raga March 19, 2014 at 9:51 pm
great work and scale up it .by Mark Kendall
Photos by Michele Stapleton and Pomona College
Could twins Jazmin and Lizbeth Lopez make it at top-ranked colleges more than 3,000 miles apart? Of course, they could. The real story was how they made it there in the first place.
On a breezy, tourist-brochure day in California's wine country, twin sisters Jazmin and Lizbeth Lopez sat side by side waiting to graduate as the top two students in Napa High's Class of 2005. This was a moment of triumph, but Jazmin was so nervous she couldn't even listen to the speeches. She feared she was going to get kicked out.
The twins had decided to make a statement during the ceremony. As Jazmin crossed the stage to accept her diploma, she unfolded a black-and-white banner reading Orgullo Latino-"Latino Pride." Lizbeth followed right behind with a Mexican flag. This sort of thing didn't come naturally to the shy teens, but they did it anyway, and Jazmin even added a little flourish-blowing a kiss to the crowd. It was only the latest surprise from the once-predictable pair.
The inseparable siblings were known simply as "the twins" or "the Lopez sisters" to many at Napa High. Along with taking most of the same classes, they served as co-presidents of the Hispanic Club, studied side by side after school and cleaned homes together on the weekends to help with their family's finances. They tied for the highest GPA-4.67-in a class of more than 500 students, and became co-winners of the school's highest honor-the "Indian of the Year" award. To no one's surprise, they were accepted at every college they applied to: Berkeley, Dartmouth, Stanford and others. Jazmin and Lizbeth easily could have gone off to school together, as many twins do.
No way, the sisters decided. In fact, the fraternal twins who had shared a bedroom their entire lives wound up choosing colleges about as far apart as you can get in the continental United States. Jazmin picked Pomona College in California; Lizbeth chose Bowdoin.
Could they make it on their own? There was little doubt. Jazmin and Lizbeth's story is about more than the drama of going off to college and leaving behind a twin sister. The sisters went through transformations before college that set them on a different course-and set them apart from the typical first-year students. These two weren't going to come home for the holidays and freak out their parents with idealistic, change-the-world talk. They already had done that years ago.
Back to graduation: Despite their fears, Jazmin and Lizbeth's on-stage statements of ethnic pride passed with little reaction. The ceremony in the high school football stadium was as California-casual as they come, with students stepping down from the stage to a line of welcoming teachers-some clad in shorts and floral shirts-offering hugs and handshakes to the graduates. When the twins arrived at the line, the affection was so strong that some teachers joked that they were creating a bottleneck.
"I wouldn't be surprised at anything they decide to do-politics, law, service," said their ninth-grade English teacher Hilary Zunin. "Wherever they go, people are going to just say, 'wow.'''
After the ceremony, the girls skipped the grad night event planned by the school-it cost 50 dollars-and headed home to celebrate with friends and family at a backyard barbecue shaded by an expansive grapefruit tree. Ranchera music played as they feasted on arranchera, grilled flank steak seasoned with cilantro, and nopales, a cactus dish. Dad worked the old-school charcoal barbecue. Hugging the girls, mom gave a brief, heartfelt speech in Spanish: "Thanks for everything, for all your hard work," she said, with tears in her eyes. "I'm going to miss you."
An astoundingly complicated set of conditions comes together to make the Napa Valley a perfect place to grow wine grapes, an "American Eden." The 30-mile long valley is tucked between the too-cool California coast and the too-hot Central Valley, providing just the right climate for those grapes to ripen slowly and evenly, according to the Napa Valley Vintners. Everything from the placement of canopies to the way the vines are pruned plays a part. After the harvest comes crushing, fermentation, bottling and more. Longtime Napa Valley winemaker Cathy Corison describes the making of a good wine as an art and a science and something beyond. "It's a miracle," she said. "No question."
The story behind the Lopez sisters' success is almost as complex, and just as alchemical. Of course, family played a big part. In the living room of the Lopez family's humble 1920s bungalow, where Jazmin and Lizbeth had lived their entire lives, hangs a large, framed photograph of their mom's parents, ranchers from Central Mexico whose lively eyes seem to watch over the house. The Lopez family rarely visited San Francisco, about an hour away, or the swanky wineries that mostly lie outside the city limits of Napa. But every year or so the family traveled south to Mexico for several weeks during the summer to visit their parents' hometown in the state of Aguascalientes, with cobblestone roads, adobe homes and bountiful guava crops. There the twins stayed with their mother's mother-the one in the living room picture-listening to stories from the old days.
Their mother, Maria, found these summer sojourns to a slower-paced world to be relaxing. She sometimes pined for the simpler life back in Mexico. Their father, however, found the long summer stays with his wife's family in Mexico boring. His life was in the U.S. Decades ago, Rodolfo Lopez had followed his father north for better opportunities than his life as a ranch hand. In Napa, he learned to paint homes, then did plumbing work, then electrical. With no time or money for school, he learned English on his own.
While their mother had taught them the importance of family and their roots in Mexico, their father taught them "if you just put your mind to it, you can do it," said Lizbeth. Jazmin still remembers her parents giving her a Butterfinger candy bar for a good report card. "If we brought good grades" home, said Jazmin, "we knew they were proud."
Rodolfo and Maria Lopez were unusually involved parents, both showing up for parent meetings and utilizing recommended study tips, said Renee Hernandez, who helps run Talent Search, a program for promising low-income students that the twins participated in. Jazmin and Lizbeth also learned from the example of their older sisters Ana and Alma; both had graduated from the University of California, Berkeley.
Still, the family couldn't do it all. Jazmin and Lizbeth benefited from a bevy of government programs, beginning with Head Start preschool. In the sixth grade, they were placed in Talent Search, started during the 1960s War on Poverty, designed to seek out low-income students with potential and put them on track for college. Through Talent Search, they would connect with a privately-run program called Summer Search, which sends low-income high school students who show an interest in serving others on summer adventures. Summer Search encouraged the girls to explore their inner lives and look beyond Napa.
"During that time is when I started realizing it's OK to be me, and I don't need to put on a mask for people, to act in a way they expect me to act," said Jazmin.
The biggest turning point came during their second year in Summer Search, when participants get to go on an overseas service trip. This would be the longest the pair would be apart-six weeks-in their young lives.
Malcolm X drew Lizbeth to Ghana, where she worked at an orphanage. The Civil Rights leader's famous autobiography had made a big impression on her, and she remembered reading about his time in Ghana on his pilgrimage to Mecca. When Lizbeth arrived in the African nation, language barriers posed challenges but she persisted with independence, impressing the group of young people she came with. She, meanwhile, was impressed with Ghanians' pride in their own culture: "They were so proud of who they are." The mixture of material poverty and rich culture reminded her of Mexico, and all the summers she had spent there growing up. "I got back home and just let the pride in my Mexican heritage show," she said.
Jazmin, on the other hand, hated her first weeks in Honduras and wanted desperately to go home. She spoke the language, and had expectations that people there would be instantly warm and welcoming. Instead, the indigenous people were quiet and cautious. "I was used to my own Mexican culture," she says.
"It took me a long time to adapt." But in time she realized she had to put aside her preconceived notions and reached out farther, and she started to enjoy her work helping to build latrines for families and teaching nutrition to children. The experience exposed her to the region's persistent poverty. "I know for sure now I want to do something to fix the situation," she said.
The sisters returned to Napa with newfound confidence and an international consciousness. At school, they pulled their noses out of the books and started speaking up. When they couldn't arrange an on-campus venue for the Hispanic Club dance they had planned, the sisters took it off campus and drew big crowds. "They fought every battle and they overcame every obstacle," said Rafael Garcia, the math teacher who served as adviser for the club. "They got all of their ideas to work."
In this time of ferment, the twins were preparing to make their college choices. The pair had never seriously considered going to college together. There was no big heart-to-heart talk. They both knew they needed to strike out on their own. Jazmin did broach the subject openly, just once, in a casual chat the summer before their senior year. Lizbeth agreed that they should go to separate colleges. That was it.
After visiting several big-name schools, their choices came down to something simple. They each picked the college where they felt they best fit in, where they meshed with the people as well as the academic program. When Jazmin returned home from visiting Pomona sunburned and in a sunny disposition, Lizbeth had a feeling her sister was going to pick that school. For her part, Lizbeth found Bowdoin wasn't just friendly, but also filled the additional criteria of offering an environment completely different from Napa.
How many twins have double-timed their way to class across the quad over the years? To be honest, we're not sure. This is the list we came up with:
Note: The College doesn't track twins, so we had to get creative with our means to identify sets of alumni and student twins in our records, comparing last names, maiden names, and birth dates. We're sure that we missed twins in our search so, don't be shy in telling us who!
It was a big step, especially since Lizbeth had always been seen as the shy - or shyer - one of the pair. Jazmin wears her hair down and her heart on her sleeve. She's the huggier, tearier kind who needs to make a quick emotional connection. Lizbeth, in contrast, keeps her thoughts largely to herself under her tight curls. Even those close to her tell of having to pull words out of her. Lizbeth's inward focus may have suited her to the big adjustment ahead - she didn't need to create an immediate connection. Still, Jazmin did worry a little: Would Lizbeth find anybody back East who understands her?
Mom and dad worried about both of their choices. They felt Claremont was too far away from home. And Maine? That was practically on another planet. What if there was an emergency? They wondered why their youngest daughters couldn't go to Berkeley - a big-name school only an hour from home - like their older sisters had. "I am very sad," said Maria, facing the prospect of an empty nest for the first time in 25 years. "I'm going to miss them a lot."
The twins' activism and idealism already had created some disagreements with mom and dad, who saw things in more pragmatic terms. When Lizbeth and Jazmin talked about boycotting bananas to support Ecuadorian workers seeking to unionize, their parents would reply that the boycott might cause workers to lose their jobs. And their dad was skeptical of their plans to help others overseas someday. "We came here to the United States and they want to go live somewhere else," says Rodolfo. "You need to first fix the country you live in. Then you can go fix the other ones."
Jazmin only needed one trip from car to dorm to unload her possessions and start a new life at Pomona College. She was traveling light: Everything she brought fit into a big suitcase, two small backpacks, a couple of shopping bags and a pair of wood crates brimming over with bedding. And her entire family-mom, dad and three sisters-had come to help out.
In her new room, she was quick to put to use two prized items. Embarrassing her parents, she tacked up a poster-her favorite-showing a crucified Central American farmer, symbolically suffering ills from sources ranging from the International Monetary Fund to pesticides to large corporations. Spread over her bunk bed was the well-worn peach-colored comforter she had shared with Lizbeth when they were little girls. It would remind her of home.
That's what Jazmin brought with her to college: an idealistic drive to better the world and a comforting sense of connection to her family. When it came time for the family to leave her, the goodbyes weren't as hard as she expected. She was excited about meeting her roommate, and the reality of the separation from home hadn't sunk in yet.
Quickly, however, she ran into some of the typical challenges of starting college. It turned out her roommate was a night owl, and Jazmin was a morning person. Her classes, of course, were harder than high school, and with so many bright students she found it was intimidating to speak up. She struggled to balance coursework and social activities.
On top of all this, she was missing her parents-and Lizbeth. "She has always been by me,'' said Jazmin. "We were together 24-7. It's strange. There's something missing."
Through it all, she kept in daily contact-by cell phone and online instant message-with Lizbeth, the one person who always knew what she was thinking. It didn't have to be a big thing to merit a call. Lizbeth rang up Jazmin the first time she slipped in the snow, and they both shared a laugh.
Lizbeth was having a harder time finding her footing after making the big leap to Maine. Social life was a struggle: "I really didn't feel like I fit in, like I had much in common with most of the people I was meeting." Classes were tough as well and she was enduring a dearth of Mexican radio stations.
Then somebody approached Lizbeth about trying out for the women's rugby team. To her surprise, she liked it, and rugby wound up providing her with the release-and sense of connection-she was lacking. She loved the adrenaline rush that came with running downfield with the ball: "I still get a few really good bruises and stuff but I am always able to get back up and keep playing." Best of all, her teammates became her closest friends at school. Academics were satisfying as well, as she enjoyed her classes in Latin American Studies, which she had decided on as a major.
Back at Pomona, Jazmin was having some breakthroughs of her own. She and her roommate, first-year Marybel Gonzalez, had a big talk, worked out a compromise on staying up late and wound up becoming good friends: "We talk about our families, our worries." Still undecided on her major, Jazmin was getting involved in activities on campus-including joining Amnesty International and playing violin in a five-college mariachi group-and adjusting to the academic workload. As the semester ended, Jazmin was composed and near-triumphant. "Tomorrow I have two finals," she said. "And I'm not stressing out at all."
But she was nervous about a different matter: seeing Lizbeth when they reunited for winter break. Their relationship had changed, or at least it felt as if it had. They only had been talking on the phone once a week or so since the hustle-bustle of finals approached. "I don't know what to expect, whether she's completely changed or not," said Jazmin.
Lizbeth's newfound fascination with rugby had surprised Jazmin. They were never big on sports. Then she discovered that her sister had started eating pork, something Lizbeth had given up after reading Malcolm X's autobiography. Jazmin was shocked. "Who is over in Maine sort of reinventing my sister?" she asked. "It's kind of scary."
Jazmin ran to embrace Lizbeth at the airport. There was a touch of uneasiness at the start of their long break, and Jazmin was busy the first week working retail at Mervyn's to help pay for her school books. The second week she found time to sit down and have a real talk with Lizbeth, sharing her fears that her sister was changing-and so was their relationship. That relieved her tension and the pair hung out, watched movies, visited San Francisco and caught up on their lives.
Napa was just the same. And so was their relationship, they discovered. Jazmin conceded her fears had been overblown. "We'll have our little bickering fights like we always do," she said. "And two seconds later we'll be completely over it and we're like 'oh, I love you.'"
Settling in once more at their separate colleges a continent apart, the twins were learning a lesson readily observed in the vineyards back home: With deep, strong roots, they could branch out as far as they needed. But even if Jazmin and Lizbeth grew in different directions, they would always stay connected.
Mark Kendall is Assistant Director of Communications and Web Editor at Pomona College.Today, we tackle one of the greatest issues in our culture:
Let marriage be honored among all and the marriage bed be kept undefiled, for God will judge the immoral and adulterers. -Hebrews 13:4, NAB
Let marriage be honored among all and the marriage bed be kept undefiled, for God will judge the immoral and adulterers. -Hebrews 13:4, NAB
One look at the world today and we can plainly see that the sanctity of marriage is in trouble. Many relationships no longer focus on the act of self-giving love and instead focus on self-gratifying lust. Some think that this is harmless, but the effects have been devastating to our culture.
More marriages end up in divorce. Too many children grow up without fathers. Cheating is all too common. The abortion business is booming. And marriage is being redefined, both culturally and politically.
Still, many try to deny the effect this has had on our culture. The evidence is clear, but they pretend the proof is not right there in front of us. They hide behind science and statistics for every other debate, but when the data goes against their beliefs, they try to deny it.
Many of our fellow Catholics and Christians have taken up these causes. They fight for the definition of marriage. They fight for the sanctity of every human life. They fight for restoring morals in popular culture. Unfortunately, we seem to be losing these battles.
What can we do then? Win the war!
What is the war? The war for souls, of course.
Trying to defend these many issues, one battle at a time, has proven difficult, but there is an alternative: convert souls to Christ. If we convert someone to the Catholic faith, most of the time, these other issues will take care of themselves. Maybe not right away, but with time, they will understand our views.
So we can continue spending all of our time fighting losing battles in the political and social arenas, or we can turn our attention to the spiritual by making evangelization our primary objective. If more Catholics focused on true evangelization, we could have a major impact on our culture.
We are losing the battles for marriage, for our religious freedom, and against abortion in our culture today, but instead of focusing on these losing efforts, let's turn our attention to winning the war by converting souls to Christ. Evangelization, not politics, is the key. Bring a soul to Christ, and the rest falls in place. Only then can we win these many battles, one soul at a- RichmondHill Presents "NOWRUZ: Lost and Found" Movie ...
Sunday, May 31, 2015 - Richmond Hill, ON
- Max Amini Comedy Show at Tempe Improv
Sunday, July 19, 2015 - Tempe, AZ
Schedule:
Opening Night Gala, October 4, Laugh Factory, 8001 Sunset Blvd, Hollywood, CA, 90046
Hosted by Aron Kader (Axis of Evil, Comedy Central) and featuring:
K-Von (MTV’s Disaster Date)
Ronnie Khalil (You Can’t Kill Stephen King!, CNN)
Ari Shaffir (HBO’s Down and Dirty)
Maria Shehata (Showtime’s Bridging the Gap)
Eman Morgan (Showtime’s Bridging the Gap)
Mike Batayeh (You Don’t Mess with Zohan, Sleeper Cell)
Ahmed Ahmed (Just Like Us, Axis of Evil, Comedy Central))
Bethany Geaber (Criminal Minds)
Charles Marina (Beirut...Hide & Seek)
Dan Comedians
Jimmy Goson (Kennedy Center)
Noël Elgrably (Sultans of Satire)
Marie-Thérèse Abou-Daoud (NBC Diversity Showcase Finalist)
Max Amini (Heroes, Mind of Mencia)
Max Amini – Max Amini was born in Tucson Arizona to Iranian parents, and raised on the East Coast. He graduated from UCLA’s school of Theater, Film and Television in 2004. As an actor, Max ...Dreams
by Alex Carnevale
A dream can be most anything. I dream of the day when I’ll get this image out of my mind:
I think most of us who followed Playboy in perhaps its finest year, 1994, remember the debut of one Jenny McCarthy. The whole Catholic schoolgirl thing with her could never get played out. And now she’s acting like she’s all into Jim Carrey because it seems cool. It is not cool.
As we put it some time ago, this couple — Jim Carrey & Jenny McCarthy — reminds us of The Office, when Jan gets with Michael and is like, “My therapist told me to trust my instincts.” Jim Carrey’s therapist was like, “Don’t worry about what your friends think, if you have fun when you’re with her, that’s all that matters, really,” and he was like, “You’re right. I have to admit I’m attracted to her,” and Jenny was all like, “Helllloooo I’m in the room.”
matt mcconaughney for beef
chris parnell is just a little bb
things to say on a first date
Thread to end all comment threads
hot stevie nicks webasite
fascination with skulls
the return of hanging with mr. cooper?
More web start-ups for no particular reason.
Sacha dupes a Mossad agent
I accidentally saw Don’t Mess With the Zohan, which some people said was funny. Although it had its moments, I think they were probably expecting something so excruciating the film was a relief in comparison. When you make a film about the conflict, and no Israelis or Palestinians get it on with each other, you know you have a problem. Is there Israeli-Palestinian porn? Dare I even ask that question?
Also, the chick from Entourage sucked.
Keeping a notebook hates on Jezebels.
Therapists making bling bling
lesbian tycoon daughters
Not so funny history of laughter
Personal hero of Anthony Bourdain
Molly’s real into this post from the internet
planes almost hit each other above ny
For those wondering, yes, there actually is a Barclay Memphis. I would never post pictures of nipples without linking to our tip jar.
Speaking of which, if you haven’t donated to This Recording, are you really a fan or are you just a wannabe?
jewish good will hunting
Zoo and prison merge
It is best to renounce party girls.
Suburban dads crack wise
excitement of the telewebinar
speech accent archive
We love link dumps from anywhere
Macs are too expensive.
keith is casually, without any effort, doing the best blogging out there. i can’t wait till our next candid interview with keith.
best possible use of that’s what she said
sweet album cover
things she found funny
All the good young abandoned cities
anonymous blogger actually accomplishes something
She started making a blanket
some tumblr has a sweet commute
does political correctness get any dumber than this?
I’m not here to make friends
the new issue of Glitterpony is out
this might be the most naive thing i have ever read, but i agree that Juno sucked
awesome sex and the city review
What the hell is going on in Svalbard?
going to panda kindergarten
The Bachelorette last night was the best finale of the show ever, though that’s not saying much. They got it right with both men proposing, and DeAnna having to level a harsh blow to the dude with the three-year old. He’s going to get SO much action now. I need to get me a three-year old.
As for DeAnna, good choice, but why is it that the two spurned Bachelorettes who would love clicked with needy, dorky losers?
That’s a rhetorical question.
are IP addresses personal?
browse gold-diggers
McCain’s new york snub
the mystery of NBA tattoos
camille is my girl forevermore
the new Silver Jews sucks
Brown Republicans go crazy
someone sent me this to make fun of it, but I don’t know, she might be onto something
If you see anything interesting, let us know.
vermeer’s afternoon delights
this is pretty sick, Tha Carter on the piano
Alex Carnevale is the editor of This Recording.
YOU CAN DO EITHER ON A WHIM
“Dirty Dishes” – Deer Tick (mp3)
“Long Time” – Deer Tick (mp3)
“Not So Dense” – Deer Tick (mp3)
“She’s Changed (live acoustic)” – Laura Marling (mp3)
“Shine (live)” – Laura Marling (mp3)
“Soulless Child (demo)” – Laura Marling (mp3)
PREVIOUSLY ON THIS RECORDING
James Tate felt better.
Bucking the Vegas odds to find our true calling.
All of our friends are going to be strangers you would think.
5 thoughts on “In Which Tuesday Links Give You The Forbidden Thrill You Deserve”
A) I almost went god damn blind reading this blog. There is way too much text for my tiny brain to process.
B) WHO IS MAKING FUN OF MY POSTS? Meet me at the park at sunset and bring your best blade. We’re gonna have ourselves a motherfucking knife fight.
C) Juno sucked.
splendid roundup. my favorite is the anti-jezebel rant– i was thinking the same thoughts just the other day. and i love me some laura marling. i saw her perform here in nyc & she was way more marvelous than i’d even hoped.
Deer Tick dude is hawwwwwt
A thread to end all comments threads.. I THINK NOT
It will take you about 3 hours to read the 470 x comment thread on this one. Started April 17th and is ongoing with posters trying to get LAST WORD…
I am not a games herd but this is totally compelling.
_unreleased_sequel_to_hitchhikers_guide_to
_the_galaxy/
What’s Going down i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It
positively useful and it has aided me out loads. I hope to contribute & assist other customers like
its helped me. Great job.The bright colors dance all over this gemstone, making this stunning solid opal most suited to be set into a ring, though it would look equally as stunning in a magnificent designer pendant. This is a big natural solid black opal measuring 21.90mm X 14.80mm X 4.20mm thick, and it weighs 9.35 carats.
£4,900You might not know this about me, but I am obsessed with betta fish. I adore them! I love how predatory and feisty they are -- even their anti-social nature charms me. Their gorgeous fins and colors are breath-taking and the best part? Only the boys get this fancy and froufrou.
I can spend hours looking at picture after picture of these fabulous living ornaments.
Here is something I've been working on off and on for a while. Trying to capture the fancy fins and colors with felt was very challenging but ultimately quite rewarding. The "scales" effect needs work, I think, but I'm so proud that he can stand on his own!
This guy is a halfmoon tail with dragon scale coloring... There's more to categorizing the particular characteristics of their colors and tails so if someone wants to tell me how you would identify this one, please let me know in a comment.
Needle felted wool over pipe cleaner with fish sticker eyes from a fly shop. He's about five inches long.
Listed on etsy:…
I have 3males
i have 3females
i will breed tho later in the year or next year
It would be nice to get another one.Provides over 60 years of combined timeshare and sales experience. We offer solutions in the handling and transfer of timeshare and membership properties with distinct advantages over existing models
Username
To begin process in above
Our service pledge: Our goal is to go above and beyond our Clients expectations. We aim to deliver an unmatched personalized service, always going that extra mile. We are dedicated to the notion that quality matters, bringing you only the best. Value Traders.In 2004 the IODP Expedition 302 (ACEX) recovered a 430m thick sequence of upper Cretaceous to Quaternary sediments on the Lomonosov Ridge in the central Arctic Ocean (Backman et al. 2006). For the first time insights in the environmental Pre-Pleistocene history of the Arctic Ocean are possible (see e.g. Brinkhuis et al. 2006, Moran et al. 2006). Our results of the organic geochemical basis parameters (total organic carbon (TOC), stable carbon isotopes (δ13C), total organic carbon/total nitrogen (C/N) ratios, total organic carbon/total sulphur (C/S) ratios, Hydrogen indices) and first maceral data on the entire ca. 200m thick Paleogene organic carbon (OC) rich section have been published recently (Stein et al. 2006).Here, we will focus on the black shales formed during the global δ13C-events Paleocene/Eocene Thermal Maximum (PETM) and Elmo. New detailed organic petrographical data (maceral analysis) are compared with the results of organic geochemistry (basis parameter, organic and inorganic nitrogen fraction). Such combined petrographical and organic geochemical approaches were established during the last decades, especially to solve questions concerning the paleoenvironmental conditions of recent and ancient marine deposits.During the Paleocene/Eocene the Early Arctic Ocean was an enclosed basin influenced by warm surface-water temperatures as indicated by TEX86 data (Sluijs et al. 2006). Data on e.g. radiolarians, terrestrial palynomorphs (Backman et al. 2006) and maceral data (Boucsein and Stein, subm.) give evidence for river run-off causing low-surface salinity. Therefore, fluvial nutrient supply may have induced primary productivity as it is also suggested from the abundances of marine diatoms and diatom resting spores (Backman et al. 2006). The isolated position of the Arctic Ocean during that time combined with freshwater discharge support the idea of OC accumulation in an anoxic basin with a stratified water column. We found abundances of finely dispersed and small sized pyrite framboids (<5µm, Fig.1) which indicates in-situ formation of the framboids in an euxinic water column. This is also supported by the observed low C/S ratios and the occurrence of finely laminated sediments. Euxinic conditions up into the photic zone are described by Sluijs et al. (2006) who found the biomarker isorenieratene in the sediments of the PETM, which is related to green sulfur bacteria. Accordingly, this black shale like sediments are compared with deposits from euxinic environments as fore example the modern Black Sea (Stein et al. 2006).The organic petrographical characteristics of the studied sediments show distinct temporal and spatial variations as shown in Figure 1 and can be summerized as follows:While during the Campanian the particulate OM in the sediments is characterized by a dominance of terrigenous macerals (vitrinite, inertinite and detritus (20-40%)) the maceral composition changes during the Paleocene, and is probably related to erosion and rised sea levels. Typically, increased portions of recycled vitrinite, liptinite and detritus occur. To some extent, high amounts of inertinite (>20%) are found and correlate with increased OI values (200-400mg CO2/gC). Moreover, we found pyrofusinite in the inertinite fraction which is interpreted as an indicator for vegetation fires in the hinterland.Drastic environmental changes are supposed for the depostion of the ACEX black-shales during the Early Eocene. Especially during the PETM and Elmo event a significant increase in the 'aquatic/marine group' is found. High amounts of alginitic material (40-45%) and bituminite (up to 50%) together with increased HI values (250-300 mgHC/gC) are found. Characteristically are the finely laminated sediments of bituminitic layers, including well preserved alginite bodies of freshwater and marine origin. Here, the major aquatic macerals are lamalginite and liptodetrinite (fragmented liptinitic particles <10µm in size). Additionally, dinoflagellate cysts are found and also telalginites which are originated from Botryococcus, Pediastrum and Tasmanales. The observed amounts of up to 5% are similar to organic petrographical data from surface sediments from the Laptev Sea shelf and indicate the influx of freshwater/brackish water outflow. During the Elmo event a more proximal position to the paleo-coast than during the PETM is indicated by higher portions of land derived material such as corpohuminite and cross sections of rootlets in combination with increased amounts of sporinite.A well-known problem of petrographical analysis is the occurrence of amorphous OM (bituminite) and the determination of its biological origin. The observed bituminite appears in form of lenses or fine laminations and shows a weakly to occasionally non-fluorescence and contains in part inclusions of liptodetrinite, strong fluorescing lamalginite and single algae cysts. Whether the precursors of the bituminitic material is of terrigenous or aquatic origin is difficult to define using light microscopy techniques only. The observed inclusions of well preserved algae cysts and lamalginite inside the bituminitic layers suggest that it is originated as a bacterial decomposition product of alginitic material. Nevertheless, our new data on inorganic and organic nitrogen indicate, that a terrigenous source for the bituminite is more reliable. As discussed from Pennsylvanian oil source rocks (Oklahoma, USA) by Littke (1993) bituminite could be also a product from the precipitation of humic acids which are originated from peat deposits underlying these sediments. Similar to our studied sediments the Pennsylvanian source rocks are characterized by low HI values (200-400mgHC/gC), Rm values of 0,57%, a dominance of non-fluorescing bituminite and lamalginite and are deposited in a shallow marine environment. In our case of the ACEX source rocks the widespread North Siberian peat deposits are considered as a possible source area for terrestrial humic acids. During times of rised sea-levels, humic acids probably were released due to erosion of peat deposits, further transported onto the shelf by rivers and, though may be accumulated in the studied sediments.Summarizing, we suggest that preservation under anoxic conditions has been favorable for the accumulation of aquatic OC during the early Eocene events. Despite the events of increased primary produced OM during that time organic petrological data show a dominance of terrestrial material with fluxes of enhanced fluviatil material. Among the PETM and Elmo events environmental conditions have changed from anoxic to oxic/suboxic conditions. This is probably related to increased vertical mixing by water masses entering the basin and is resulting in a reduced stratification of the water column. Moreover, increased portions of detritus indicate a stronger fragmentation of the particles due to high energy transport by e.g., bottom currents.References:Backman, J.K., Moran, K., McInroy, D.B., Mayer, L.A., and the Expedition 302 Scientists (2006): Proc. IODP, 302, College Station TX.Brinkhuis, H., Schouten, S., Collinson, M.E., Sluijs, A., Sinninghe Damsté, J.S., Dickens, G.R., Huber, M., Cronin, T.M., Onodera, J., Takahashi, K., Bujak, J.P., Stein, R., van der Burgh, J., Eldrett, J.S., Harding, I.C., Lotter, A.F., Sangiorgi, F., van Konijnenburg-van Cittert, H., de Leeuw, J.W., Matthiessen, J., Backman, J., Moran, K., and the Expedition 302 Scientists, 2006. Episodic fresh surface waters in the Eocene Arctic Ocean, Nature, vol. 441, doi: 10.1038/nature04692. Boucsein, B. and Stein, R. (subm.): Early Eocene black shale formation and paleoenvironment in the Central Arctic Ocean (Lomonosov Ridge): Results from a detailed organic petrological study. Marine and Petroleum GeologyLittke, R. (1993): Deposition, diagenesis, and weathering of organic matter-rich sediments: Lect. Earth Sci. 47, Berlin, Springer Verlag, 217 p.Moran, K., Backman, J., Brinkhuis, H., Clemens, S.C., Cronin, T., Dickens, G.R., Eynaud, F., Gattacceca, J., Jakobsson, M., Jordan, R.W., Kaminski, M., King, J., Koc, N., Krylov, A., Martinez, N., Matthiessen, J., McInroy, D., Moore, T.C., Onodera, J., ORegan, A.M., Pälike, H., Rea, B. Rio, D., Sakamoto, T. Smith, D.C., Stein, R., John, K., Suto, I., Suzuki, N., Takahashi, K., Watanabe, M., Yamamoto, M., Frank, M., Jokat, W., Kristoffersen, Y. (2006): The Cenozoic paleoenvironment of the Arctic Ocean. Nature 441, 601-605.Sluijs, A., Schouten, S., Pagani, M., Woltering, M., Brinkhuis, H., Sinninghe Damsté, J.S., Dickens, G.R., Huber, M., Reichart, G.J, Stein, R., Matthiessen, J., Lourens, L.J., Pedentchouk, N., Backman, J., Moran, K. , the Expedition 302 Scientists, 2006. Subtropical Arctic Ocean temperatures during the Paleocene Eocene thermal maximum, Nature, 441, 610-613.Stein, R., Boucsein, B. and Meyer, H. (2006): Anoxia and high primary production in the Paleogene central Arctic Ocean: First detailed records from Lomonosov Ridge, Geophys. Res. Lett., 33, L18606. doi: 10.1029/2006GL026776+ - Microsoft Debuts Bigger Xbox Memory Unit
Submitted by ajogen
ajogen writes: Microsoft Corp. said Monday it is rolling out a 512-megabyte memory unit for its Xbox 360 game console The new unit is expected to retail for $49.99, beginning April 3. The company also said it will cut the price on its smaller 64 MB memory unit to $29.99, down from $39.99. Long Fuse - Recap
<-- Previous Episode
Next Episode -->
The episode begins with Holmes playing his memory game and Watson wants to finish the talk they were having last night. She wants him to be serious about finding a sponsor as she will be with him only for a few more weeks. He agrees. Next, we see a group of web designers discussing about a new client. They hear a beeping sound coming from the vent. They think that the maintenance guy must have left his phone inside. We see that it is a bomb ad moments later, it explodes. Gregson, Bell and Holmes arrive at the site along with the team. Gregson tells Holmes that 2 were killed and 11 injured.
Holmes finds some packing paper lying around and this was used in the bomb. He then finds a motherboard of a pager. He feels that could be the part of the bombs detonator and since it isn’t too damaged, it can be traced. It would take around 2-3 hours for the results to be back and so Watson manages to get Holmes meet one of the sponsors, Adrian. But after talking to him for barely 2 minutes, Holmes decides he doesn’t like Adrian. There was a number pulled out of the device which was traced to a Rennie Jacobs who has served time for burning down his own house for an insurance scheme. Jacobs tells them that he was trying to call a deli and he must have misdialed. Holmes confirms that he is telling the truth. Maybe; but Gregson doesn’t want to cut him loose.
Later, as the bomb squad is explaining the scene to Gregson, Holmes points out to the picture of the battery and tells them that the bomb is four years old. He knows about the company and its new logo and this one is four years old. He then checks the newspaper shreds and Watson points out that it is from 2008. This means that Jacobs is innocent as he was in prison four years ago. So, Jacobs is a man who set it off accidentally in 2012 and now they need to find the guy who intended to set it off in 2008. Next, Holmes and Watson are in Van Owen which was founded in ’94. And this firm is adept in solving image crisis of the corporate variety.
And looking at the date of the bomb and the location of where the bomb exploded, Holmes deduces that Van Owen or one of its employees was the target as the place that was bombed was the old office base for Van Owen. They meet with Heather Vanowen and the CFO and they tell Holmes that they received some threatening mails from ELM. They are curious as to why didn’t the bomb go off. Holmes tells her that since the detonator was a pager, four years ago there were no signal towers around in the area and so the call wouldn’t go through and in 2010 there was a tower that was built just three blocks away. Hence the call went through this time.
And judging by the climatic conditions of the office, it looked like it did not require too much servicing and so, the bomb went unnoticed. Holmes goes through the letters ad finds out that ELM isn’t really a company but it is posing as one. At the AA meeting, Holmes decides that he wants Alfredo to be his sponsor. Alfredo is trying to stay clean and he can steal any car in the city. At home, he tells Watson that there is a phrase that has been repeated in five of the seven letters and that he has heard this phrase before. He then recollects that it was a talk show that he heard it on and the man is Edgar Knowles. They need to find out if he is the one who wrote those threatening letters. Bell talks to Knowles and he tells Bell that he is not an eco-terrorist and that he did not make a bomb.
Holmes arrives and tells him that he had managed to get Knowles’ prints off a button from the elevator and it matches to the prints that were found in an explosion of 2005. Knowles admits to five bombings and the writing of the threatening letters. But he did not plant this bomb. Holmes is now trying to create a bomb with tennis balls and few chemical components. He tells Watson that Knowles had admitted to have set off five nitrate bombs but the smell on the explosion site did not smell pungent. He tells her that the bomb was made with potassium chlorate. At the station, Holmes puts together the piece of paper from October 13th 2008 that was used to pack the bomb and there was an indentation that he noticed; it said NOVACAINE and the handwriting does not match Knowles’.
Gregson still likes Knowles as a suspect. Holmes wants Gregson to subpoena the personnel files from Van Owen; but he tells Holmes to take it u with them. Watson and Alfredo are waiting for Holmes and Holmes messages Watson saying that he is at Van Owens and cannot make it. Watson then talks to Alfredo and learns that he is a good person and can make a great sponsor as Alfredo had a great sponsor for him and he taught Alfredo everything. He has wanted to be a sponsor for a while, but nobody asked. Watson is pleased with Alfredo. Holmes is going through the papers of the company and he notices that a guy named Pradeep Singh who had shown significant rise in a year and a half, had an argument with the CFO just before he left. The CFO tells him that Singh snapped and told him that he would be sorry if he wouldn’t give him his fourth raise.
He then disappeared and never came back. Holmes and Watson go to Pradeep Singh’s house and his wife Himali tells him that she did not hear from him after he left. Holmes is curious when he looks at the wall and he asks her if there was any work done on the walls as he could smell mold. He later asks the women to wait at the backyard and he inspects the wall. Later, he comes out and tells Watson his theory. He feels that Pradeep Singh’s body is in that wall. He is right. Gregson tells Holmes that Himali was in Mumbai and she came back only after she learned that Pradeep was missing. This means that the killer knew she wasn’t home. Holmes thinks that Pradeep did not have anything to do with the bomb. He shows them a picture from 2008 where Pradeep is on his desk and it is right next to the vent in which the bomb was planted.
This means he was the first one to be blown off by the explosive. Moreover he did not miss a single day of work until he went missing. So, someone wanted Pradeep dead. Bell tells them that Pradeep was killed by a gunshot wound. There is a key found on him and it is a safety deposit box key. The check the box and they find a video tape. It is a sex tape from the time where Heather was a prostitute and was trying to supplement her income to start a new company. Years later, Pradeep joined Van Owen and found out that his boss was the prostitute he once slept with. Moreover, the handwriting of the word NOVACAINE is a match with the one on the consent form she just filled for them.
She was the one who planted the bomb and then when it did not explode she shot him and then walled him in his own house. And then went looking for a new office. Case Closed. Holmes had told Alfredo that he did not want him as a sponsor. Watson knows that he is dreading the day she would walk out of his life. Alfredo arrives at Holmes’ house with a challenge. He wants him to beat the security systems of a latest car that is not yet in the market. Holmes knows that Watson and Alfredo are doing this so that Holmes warms up to him. Anyway, Holmes takes up the challenge. The episode ends.
Show Menu
General Info
Forum
Episode List
Episode Guide
Printable Guide
Cast
Recurring Guests
Show Tidbits (5)
Gallery (2)
Stats
Links (3)
Credits
Contribute
Submit Trivia
Character Guide (0)
Empty Sections
Character Guide (0)
TOS
|
Privacy
|
|
|
News StaffKovach for Congress (TN-05) 20060906 20061213 eng electronic text/html born digital general text web site tk-05-tn.net/pages/frames/main.html Candidates Tennessee 5th District Republican Party United States Congress House Elections Republican Party Tennessee Kovach, Thomas Frantisekovich Political candidates United States Elections United States United States Politics and government 2001- Election 2006 Web Archive hdl:loc.natlib/mrva0017.0999*/tk-05-tn.net/pages/frames/main.html Library of Congress, Washington, D.C., 20540 USA dlc None dlc 20090304 mrva0017.0999 eng).." Boston lost the final three games of its just-concluded four-game road trip. The Celtics play host to the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday.
- Sports & Recreation
- Basketball
- Rajon Rondo
- Boston Celtics
- Avery BradleyKeo.co.za brings you the latest from New Zealand’s Super 14 franchises.
Home ground gets Cowan pumped
Having emerged unscathed from his comeback game last weekend Jimmy Cowan is now intent on leading the Highlanders to victory over the Chiefs at Invercargill.
The All Blacks scrumhalf sprained his right elbow early in the season opener against the Brumbies but returned to play a crucial role in last weekend’s win over the Crusaders.
“I’m looking forward to running the boys out in front of my home crowd with the maroon strip on, it will be a special moment for me,” said Cowan.
“I’m sure we’ll get the crowd in behind us and, if you get 10,000 into the ground in Invercargill, it gets very loud. We’re looking forward to getting down there.”
Cowan knows it will not be easy to beat the Chiefs for the first time since 2003.
“We haven’t beaten them for more than five years. That’s a bit disturbing and it’s something we’re going to have to try to rectify this week. They’ve got some class players across the board.
“They’ve got good ball carriers, a big loose forward trio and plenty of threats in the backs. We’re going to have to be on our guard to stop them. I imagine they’ll play the game a bit wider than the Crusaders.”
There are three changes to the side that beat the Crusaders with loose forwards Tim Boys, Steven Setephano and midfielder Johnny Leota replacing Alando Soakai, George Naoupu and Jayden Hayward.
Israel Dagg, who is recovering from a leg injury, has been bracketed at fullback with Ben Smith..Key things you need to know aboutJaydip Datta:
Jaydip Datta's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Jaydip Datta's Specialties
- Internal Medicine
- View all 2 specialties and 1 board certification
More About Jaydip Datta's Background
MoreGet the facts on Jaydip Dattaaydip Datta
Be the first to evaluate Jaydip Radiology
- Quantum Radiology
- 1700 Hospital South Dr Ste 405
- Austell, GA 30106
- Quantum Radiology
- 925 Sanders Rd Steaydip Datta!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Jaydip Datta. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Jaydip Datta. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.MONTGOMERY, Alabama --- The Sandy Hook school shooting in Newtown, Conn., in December 2012 prompted the Obama administration and others to call for tighter gun controls.
The Alabama Legislature did the opposite, passing a bill to relax some restrictions on carrying guns. The bill also clarified that Alabama is a state where it’s legal to openly carry a holstered gun without a permit, with exceptions such as at businesses that choose to prohibit that.Lawmakers did move to protect schools as well, passing a bill to allow local school boards to hired armed school security personnel with state certified training.
The debate over the gun bill, Senate Bill 286, was testy at times, and the bill passed after much discussion and compromise.
This is the second in AL.com’ series of selected quotes from the 2013 legislative session. The 2014 session starts Jan. 14.
-- "Guns don't kill people. … People kill people." Rep. Ed Henry, R-Hartselle.
-- "With guns." Rep. Thomas Jackson, D-Thomasville.
That exchange was on May 2, when the House of Representatives appoved the bill. Henry was House sponsor.
-- "It's a right to carry your gun. It's a privilege to conceal it." Rep. Ed Henry, May 2.
-- "I wore this black (suit) today because I said today is a day of mourning for me because I know after this bill is passed we are going to have to put on more black suits and go to more funerals." Rep. Pebblin Warren, D-Tuskegee, May 2.
-- “We are setting us up for a lot of chaos and going back to the wild, wild West." Rep. Mary Moore, D-Birmingham, May 2.
-- "This is about making sure that law abiding citizens have the ability to defend themselves and their family." Sen. Scott Beason, R-Gardendale, the bill’s sponsor, after the Senate passed the bill on April 4.
-- “I call it the road rage bill.” Marion County Sheriff Kevin Williams, president of the Alabama Sheriff’s Association, who worried that more guns in vehicles and public places would lead to more violence. (The Sheriff’s Association later supported the compromise bill that passed, which was more restrictive.)
-- "While we should be focused on creating jobs, we instead continue to focus on this unnecessary legislation that does nothing more than find a solution for a problem that does not exist." Business Council of Alabama President and CEO Billy Canary. The BCA opposed the bill’s provision that businesses could not prohibit employees from bringing guns in their vehicles into workplace parking lots.
-- “I don’t think anybody is 100 percent happy with the bill. That probably means we have a pretty good bill,” House Speaker Mike Hubbard, R-Auburn, on April 25, after the National Rifle Association and Alabama Sheriffs' Association announced their support of a compromise version.Marty Lyons Foundation
Schwartz: Ex-Jet Marty Lyons Makes Kids’ Dreams Come True
In 1982, Lyons decided that he was going to make a difference. He did so the same way he played football: with passion, and by following the simple premise that actions speak louder than words.
Legendary Jets Tailgaters
Jets_1<<.Though youre unlikely to be handed a cup from your PT, opting for hot chocolate after your workout will reduce the time it takes for your muscles to repair.
Scientists analysed the effects of cocoa-based drinks on athletes, specifically football players, after their training. They were found to be as effective as the leading branded sports drinks at reducing creatine kinase (responsible for post-workout muscle damage).
Its thought that cocoas lavanoids are responsible. Just call it choc therapy.
Source: James Madison University, Virginia
Words: Alex Harris
Follow MH on Twitter and FacebookSo, the scoop is Quincy produced the "The Carter" Documentary for Lil Wayne in 2009. Wayne spoke out against the film saying he HATED the movie and called it a "scandalous portrayal" of him. Wayne's public dislike against the documentary caused a major down trot in sales. Wayne also filed suit against the film producer stating he never gave Quincy permission to use his music in the documentary. Wayne Quincy (son of the legendary music producer) countered with legal docs stating he had jurisdiction to use the songs to complete the documentary.
2 Million is nothing to Wayne, I say pay it and move on with your life!
"Hi,
If you wanna get free beats or buy beats online , visit this website!"
buy beats
beats online
Thanks for your links, I'm a huge hip-hop music fan just like you :) click here for more.Show off your creative side while giving back to your community through the “Adopt a Hydrant” program, sponsored by the Hot Springs Village Fire Department.
The deadline for entry is Sept. 30. A part of the top of each hydrant must be red – stop by the Cortez Fire Department to pick up red paint.
Post a picture of your repainted fire hydrant on the fire department Facebook page at and be registered to win prizes.
The top three most creative designs will win.
For more information, contact fire capt. Jason Miller at jmiller@hsvpoa.org or 922-2210.12621 Clock Tower Parkway
Beacon Woods, Bayonet Point, 34667
Commute to Downtown Bayonet Point
Almost all errands require a car.
Score Details
12621 Clock Tower Parkway has a Walk Score of 4 out of 100. This location is a Car-Dependent neighborhood so almost all errands require a car.
This location is in the Beacon Woods neighborhood in Bayonet Point.
Explore how far you can travel by car, bus, bike and foot from 12621 Clock Tower Parkway.
View all Beacon Woods apartments on a map.
12621 Clock Tower Parkway is in the Beacon Woods neighborhood. Beacon Woods is the 8th most walkable neighborhood in Bayonet Point with a neighborhood Walk Score of 10.Hot Cams Builder Series Cam
- Part #: 141096
- Manufacturer Part #: 4156EXBLD
This item is no longer available
Overview of Hot Cams Builder Series Cam
- Extract maximum performance from your engine
- Hot Cams provide increased intake and exhaust duration for improved breathability and more horsepower
- Provides significantly more mid-range punch and top-end speed for most models
- Core trade-in not required so you can keep the original camshaft
- Exhaust
- High lift and long duration for high-rpm applications or oversized engines requiring increased intake capacity
- Requires valve spring kit PART NO. 18-5097
- Uses stock auto-decompressor
Specs:
Intake Lift: 9.27mm
Intake Duration: (@1mm): 263 degrees
Lobe Center: 106 degrees
Valve Lash: .20mm
Specs
Specs for Hot Cams Builder Series Cam
Fitment for Hot Cams Builder Series Cam
Part 141096 fits the following machines
See if this part fits your ride
Reviews for Hot Cams Builder Series Cam
There are no customer reviews for this item yet.
5 Stars
0
4 Stars
0
3 Stars
0
2 Stars
0
1 Stars
0Bullpup. The weapon is a bonus available to those who purchase either the Special or Collector's Edition and will be available for free in game at Ammu-Nation. It is now available for every player in enhanced version and is purchasable in Ammu-Nation. It is however still free for those who bought the Special/Collector's edition of the original game.
Description
The weapon is based on the Kel-Tec KSG, only having a boxier and more squared profile and lacking iron sights (on the PS3 and Xbox 360 versions only). It is available for free in the Special/Collector's edition of the game after completing the mission, Franklin and Lamar. In the PS4/Xbox One versions of the game, however, the Bullpup Shotgun is available to all players to buy for in-game currency. If you had the Special/Collector's edition of the game on last gen, however, you will still get it for free like the Pistol .50 and Hammer.
Customization
Attachments
- Grip: Free
- Flashlight: Free
- Suppressor: Free
- Cartridges x16: $24
Colors
- Black (default) - Equipped by default
- Army Tint (Desert sand) - Free
- LSPD Tint (Metallic Blue) - Free
- Green Tint - Free
- Orange Tint - Free
- Pink Tint - Free
- Gold Tint - Free
- Platinum - Free
Performance
Basic the
In-game
HUD
FPS Gallery
Trivia
- Being a rather well-rounded firearm and available after completing the second mission of the main game, it can be used to the player's advantage during missions such as Repossession or The Long Stretch.
- Unlike the KSG, which has two selectable ammo tubes of 7 rounds each, the Bullpup Shotgun does not allow this, instead treating both tubes as one long tube of 14 rounds.
- Oddly, the HUD icon for the PS3/360 version of the game had iron sights on the weapon while the PS4/XB1 icon lacks the sights. It doesn't so in-game, however.This chapter contains the following sections:
Section 3.1, "About Configuring Authentication and Security Policies"
Section 3.2, "Providing SSL Communication for Basic Authentication"
Section 3.3, "Applying OWSM Security Polices to Imaging Web Services"
Section 3.4, "Reconfiguring Client-Side Security Policies for Java API Login"
Authentication and session management are handled differently depending on the integration method being used. When first installed, the Imaging Web Services are configured with no Oracle Web Service Manager security policies applied. When no security policies are applied, the services leverage either the HTTP Basic Authentication mechanism or username token authentication. Note that Basic Authentication, where user credentials (user ID and password) are transmitted in the web service HTTP message header mechanism is not very secure since the users credentials are not encrypted in any way unless a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) transport mechanism is used.]
If SSL is properly configured for the Imaging server instance, Imaging can be configured to force the use of SSL in all web service communicaton. This done by setting the Imaging configuration MBean RequireBasicAuthSSL to true. By default, it is false.
Note:
The RequireBasicAuthSSL setting only applies when no HTTP Basic Authentication is in use because no OWSM security policies have been applied.
Using OWSM Security Policies
When higher degrees of security are desirable, Imaging web services support the following Oracle Web Services Management (OWSM) security policies.
wss_username_token_over_ssl
wss11_username_token_with_message_protection
When applying a security policy to the Imaging Imaging "Providing SSL Communication for Basic Authentication". Imaging web service, Java API code must use the WsmUserToken class to login rather than the BasicUserToken class. The WsmUserToken class is code fragments in Example 3-1 demonstrate possible usages of the WsmUserToken class for various policy types.Stress Relief
STRESS. We all experience it to some degree. According to the CDC nearly 90% of doctor visits are related to some form of underlying stress. Often we experience this stress as feelings of overwhelm, anxiety or depression, or we become quickly irritated and angry when unexpected situations arise. Luckily there is something you can do about this. HeartMath’s scientifically validated tools and technology have helped thousands of individuals relieve their stress. Based on over 20 years of research these products train you to manage your body’s response to stress quickly and in the moment, bringing about more calm and balance, improving health and increasing mental focus.
HeartMath’s solutions to relieve stress, anxiety or depression come in many forms. Here is a selection of our most popular products.Agile
OpenX, JIRA Expert and Systems Engineer
Pakistan - Last active:.
Agile Project Manager | Certified Scrum Master | UI Wireframe Expert
Bulgaria - Last active:. ()
Expert Ruby on Rails Developer, Team Lead, PM
Thailand - Last active: 1 month:
PHP Expert, Member of Doctrine, Symfony, Zend, Yii, SugarCRM
Ukraine - Last active: 1 month ago - Tests: 2 - Portfolio: 7 using jQuery, BackboneJS, RequireJS, DojoToolkit, TwitterBootstrap. Am one of the team of the commercial(enterprise) version SugarCRM: And am one of team of Doctrine Project:
- AJAX
- Facebook Development
- Google Maps API
- HTML
- HTML5
- Joomla!
- Magento
- MySQL Administration
- PHP
- PostgreSQL Administration
- SOAP
- Symfony
- WordPress
- XHTML
- XML
- XML-RPC
- xml web services
- Yii
- YouTube Development
- Zend Framework
- Doctrine ORM
- Backbone.js
- MongoDB
- REST
- Redis
- Memcached
- Unit Testing
- Agile software developmennt
- Scrum
- Selenium
- Paypal Integration
- Authorize.Net Development
- Continuous Integration […]
Tag Archives: Tutorials […]
New Tutorial on Flash to HTML5 Video Fallback
I just uploaded a new tutorial that shows you how to provide an HTML5 video fallback option for devices that do not support the Flash Player. The tutorial also shows you how to use the new Flash Media Playback component for quickly adding video to your websites. If getting your video out to the largest […]
New Video Tutorial on Mobile Web Development
I […]
New Two-Part Tutorial On AIR 2.0 NativeProcess
I, […]
Flash Builder’s Lost Features: Profiler
Here is the second episode of the Flash Builder’s Lost Features show. This time I chose to talk about Flash Builder’s profiler and give you enough info to feel comfortable using it if you haven’t already used. Profiler helps you to identify memory leaks, excessive object allocation, or analyze the execution times.
I think that building […]
New Video Tutorial on Android Camera Access
I
AndroidPictures or how to share phone pictures with desktops
This […]:
Tutorial: HTTP Dynamic Streaming
Until now, there have been two fundamental ways to deliver video to Flash Player/AIR:
- Progressive download. Progressive download transfers files sequentially over HTTP from a web server to Flash Player/AIR. Users can’t skip ahead until all the previous content has downloaded.
- RTMP streaming. RTMP streaming transfers content between Flash Player/AIR and Flash Media Server in real-time (Real-Time Media Protocol). Users can skip to any location without waiting.
Now there’s a third way to deliver content to Flash Player 10.1 and AIR 2:
- HTTP Dynamic Streaming. HTTP Dynamic Streaming delivers content over HTTP and lets users skip to any location without waiting.
To stream on-demand (recorded, not live) content over HTTP, you can use any installation of Apache 2.2, including the version that installs with Flash Media Server 3.5. Using Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming has an end-to-end tutorial that steps you through configuring Apache, packaging content for delivery, and playing the content in the OSMF Player.
Using Adobe HTTP Dynamic Streaming also contains a live tutorial, and detailed information about how this new solution works. To stream live content over HTTP, you need Flash Media Server 3.8.
For more information about the HTTP Dynamic Streaming ecosystem, see Kevin Towes’ blog and..”
It’s really amazing that this type of thing doesn’t happen for often. Those guys get pretty wild in the scrums; Brandon Belt told me yesterday that he just put his head down and tried not to get pounded too hard since he was in the middle of the perfect game huddle.
I wrote about Buster Posey avoiding celebrations earlier this season, but he had no choice the other night. In cases where he’s not celebrating, say, a perfect game, Posey tends to quietly avoid the scrums. Angels’ first baseman Kendrys Morales missed nearly two years after being hurt following a walk-off homer. Former Giant Ramon Ramirez strained his right hamstring while running on the field to celebrate Johan Santana’s no-hitter a couple weeks ago.
So, these things happen. But still, it’s weird, and you have to wonder how much more we’ll see of Huff this season. He’s already lost his job to Belt, who doesn’t look like he’s going to give up first base at-bats anytime soon. Now Huff is on the DL for the second time.
As for the guy who is here, Christian was leading the Pacific Coast League with 91 hits and had 29 multi-hit games. Very Melky-ish. Christian has a .253 average in 42 big league games, 18 of which came last season with the Giants.
Why Christian instead of a Brett Pill? Well first of all, I don’t think the Giants wanted to call up another first baseman on the heels of Belt’s best stretch of the season. But more importantly, Christian is a guy that can be pretty useful off the bench. He’s got some speed, he can play all three outfield spots, he can handle a start or two out there if Bochy wants to give one of the starters a day in the DH spot.
Will have more later, including lineups and all that stuff. For updates from the clubhouse, follow me on Twitter: @AlexPavlovic.
Speaking of Twitter, shout out to follower @damham17. When I tweeted that the Giants added Christian to the roster, he asked: “Why not a Muslim or a Catholic?”Boise Weekly Vol. 21 Issue 07
Idaho's Only Alternative
LOCAL, INDEPENDENT NEWS, OPINION, ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT VOLUME 21, ISSUE 07 AUGUST 8�14, 2012 TAK EE E ON E! CITYDESK 10 FR SIX MONTHS LATER Micron after Appleton's death NOISE 24 AU-SNAP Portland, Ore., experimental trio AU hits Boise GUIDE 25 LIVE MUSIC ON TAP From Utters to Feathers, BW has all the shows SCREEN 27 THE BOURNE LEGACY Franchise reboot leaves a stain on the screen "This is more than evolution. It's revolution." FEATURE 13 2 | AUGUST 8�: Sarah Barber, Jaclyn Brandt, Bill Cope, Ted Rall, Carissa Wolf Advertising Advertising Director: Lisa Ware Lisa@boiseweekly.com Account Executives: Sabra Brue, Sabra@boiseweekly.com Karen Corn, Karen Jennie Jorgenesen, Jennie@boiseweekly.com Contributing Artists: Derf, BLUE AND RED ALL OVER Longtime Bill Cope readers will no doubt recognize Red right off the bat in this week's Cope column. The character with a funny way of saying just about every word in the English language chases his own tail in opining on gay marriage in reference to fast-food chain Chick-fil-A's recent media attention. Red is over the top, intentionally so, and at times, it's difficult to imagine anyone--even in the smallest and most conservative of Idaho's towns--being so nonsensical, not just in speech but in logic, as well. However, a piece published at boiseweekly.com over the weekend from international news wire GlobalPost makes me think twice. GlobalPost reporter Jean MacKenzie is traveling Highway 12, chatting up voters in rural America, and recently stopped in Deary, Harvard and Kendrick--the collective population of which doesn't even hit 1,000. In Deary, MacKenzie finds two locals bending an elbow, one of whom offered this statement about the election: "We got to change rulers in this country," said Bill. "Ain't nothin' gettin' done this way." His friend followed up with the sort of comment that incenses Idahoans left of center saying: "Yup. The whole state feels that way." Cope could have written dialogue just like that for Red without it seeming even a hair out of character. MacKenzie's story, which you can read by navigating to the News section at boiseweekly.com, is titled, "What's the Matter With Idaho?" and the story's subhead proffers a hypothesis: Idaho is a blue collar state that's politically red. If you're a diehard print reader, you may occasionally see GlobalPost material reprinted in these pages, but online you'll find new GlobalPost material almost daily, including extensive coverage of the Olympic games, updates on the Syrian conflict, and what's being called by some the new normal in the global food crisis. The final word this week? Best of Boise, of course. Voting is still happening at boiseweekly.com. Now, put down the paper and scan this QR code to go directly to the online ballot. --Rachael Daigle COVER ARTIST ARTIST: Theresa Burkes TITLE: Bird Akua #22 1 of 1 MEDIUM: Monoprint ARTIST STATEMENT: Andrea Harris and I have an exhibit at the Initial Point Gallery in the Meridian City Hall. AiR artists Cassandra Schiffler, Kate and Sarah Masterson and I invite you to attend our open studio hours on Saturday from noon-5 p.m. above Solid. theresaburkes | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 3 What you missed this week in the digital world. LAU R IE PEAR M AN INSIDE EDITOR'S NOTE MAIL BILL COPE TED RALL 3 5 6 8 NEWS Ralph Smeed my be gone but his billboard is still making headlines 10 CITIZEN FEATURE Good Sports BW PICKS FIND 12 13 18 19 20 22 24 25 27 THE FAT IS BACK Tour de Fat, New Belgium Brewing's annual ballyhoo of bikes and beer, returns to Ann Morrison Park Saturday, Aug. 18. Deets on Cobweb. 8 DAYS OUT SUDOKU NOISE BW checks in with AU MUSIC GUIDE WHAT'S WRONG WITH IDAHO? According to one reporter traveling the country's backroads talking to voters, the answer to that question may be red politics in a blue collar state. SCREEN The Bourne Legacy REC Racing the clock and an Olympic gold medalist FOOD REVIEW How's the grub at The Taphouse? WINE SIPPER CLASSIFIEDS NYT CROSSWORD FREEWILL ASTROLOGY 28 GOODBYE BOOKMOBILE The Boise Public Library is getting ready to garage its bookmobile for good. Find out why at Citydesk. 29 29 30 32 34 HEAD WEST, YOUNG POTHEAD In yet another move to prove how much more progressive it is than Idaho, Oregon may be about to legalize pot. Not the medical stuff. The real deal. 9:30AM - 1:30PM 8th Street from Bannock to Main Street & on the Grove Plaza Chef Abbigail Carlson - Cooking with fresh, seasonal produce from the Market - Saturdays Q 10am to Noon This Week at the Market - Celebrate National Famers Market Week! Cooking Demonstrations & More! * Fresh locally grown produce, herbs, & flowers * Idaho Specialty Foods & Wines * Great Selection of Local Artwork EVERY SATURDAY AT THE MARKET 4 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M MAIL BOOTrelated shoved down my throat. Maybe you could take the money generated from Blue Cross' advertising and contribute it back to the Gilberts. You don't need their blood money that bad anyway. --John Mitchell, Boisemurderersshooting WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 5 OPINION/BILL COPE CHICK*N SH*T Red gets him some of that Southern-fried thinking "Red!-themill." WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M 6 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 7 e a p re s e k a h Stars S UNDER THE OPINION/TED RALL FACING AN IRAN WAR Is Romney a warmonger? Mitt.. THE IMAGINARY INVALID Freely adapted from Moli�re by Oded Gross and Tracy Young. Originally produced by Oregon Shakespeare Festival. Sponsored by Holland & Hart LLP and Boise Weekly THE WINTER'S TALE NOISES OFF By William Shakespeare. Sponsored by 200 Teachers, UBS Financial Services, Inc., and Boise State Public Radio By Michael Frayn. Sponsored by Stoel Rives LLP, and 107.1 KHITS SEASON SPONSOR SEASON PARTNERS SEASON MEDIA PARTNERS Photo Credit: Tom Ford*, Lise Bruneau*, The Imaginary Invalid (2012). Photo by DKM Photography. *Member Actors' Equity GET YOUR TICKETS & GIFT CERTIFICATES ONLINE AT M�F, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. OR CALL 336-9221 8 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 9 CITYDESK/NEWS NEWS PATR IC K S W EENEY SIGN LANGUAGE AFTER APPLETON: MICRON DEALS WITH LOSS, COMPANY VALUE AND NEW FRONTIERS Few outside of Micron know how employees at the Boise-based company marked the six-month anniversary of the death of Steve Appleton. Company officials weren't talking, at least publicly, about the tragedy. But Appleton's memory lingers long after Feb. 3, when the CEO went out for a plane ride and didn't come back. The sudden death of Appleton, CEO since 1994, left the company in some uncertainty. Trading was halted on Micron stock minutes before the news of his death was announced. Shares were frozen at $7.95. Six months later, on Aug. 3, Micron stock was selling for as low as $6.09. On June 20, the company announced that it had lost a net of $320 million in its third quarter, following a net loss of $282 million in its second quarter. However, on July 1, Micron announced that it was poised to take over Japanese rival Elpida Memory for $750 million, in a move that would expand Micron's portfolio deeper into the world of dynamic random access memory. In addition to the $750 million cash (approximately 60 billion yen), Micron would pay 140 billion yen in upcoming annual installments to cover Elpida's debt. All in, the deal is close to $2.5 billion. "We are creating the industry leading pure play memory company," said Micron CEO Mark Durcan. "[The] transactions will help strengthen the combined companies' market position in the memory industry through increased research and development and manufacturing scale." Perhaps Appleton's lasting effect on Boise is greatest at his alma mater, Boise State. The Micron Foundation, founded by Appleton in 1999, announced in May that it would donate $300,000 to help start a program at Boise State to assist the next generation of teachers. "The new program, called IDoTeach, is designed to meet a desperate need for Idaho science and math teachers," read a company statement. According to the release, the program "is designed to attract a largely untapped pool of talented college students" majoring in science, technology, engineering and math subjects into secondary education careers. Appleton will also be remembered at the new Boise State Micron Business and Economics Building, which includes a courtyard named after the late CEO. "We will never forget Steve's contributions to the company and the semiconductor industry at large, and of course, the great work he began to improve education and our communities," said Dee Mooney, executive director of the Micron Foundation. --Jaclyn Brandt Controversial billboard stirs ill feelings in Caldwell ANDREW CRISP The City of Caldwell wasted no time in trying to distance itself from a controversial billboard--a sign officials said stunts the city's growth. The prominent sign, spotted by thousands of daily commuters speeding by on I-84, received national attention when it compared President Barack Obama to James Holmes, the accused gunman in the July 24 shooting Maurice Clements, president of the board of the Ralph Smeed Foundation, manages the controversial at the midnight premiere of The Dark Knight billboard on Franklin Road near Interstate 84. Rises in Aurora, Colo., which left more than a dozen dead and many more wounded. The Caldwell billboard, owned by the Ralph Smeed Foundation, showed a picture of taxes were responsible for stopping businesses been very forthcoming about who those members are." from coming to Caldwell, not his sign. Holmes alongside a quote: "Kills 12 in movie Oates said that the political message "They gotta prove that," said Clements. theater with assault rifle, everyone freaks disagreeing with Obama's foreign policy was "And they can't prove that. There's probably out." Next to it was a photo of Obama, with more businessmen that like the sign than those consistent with the party's beliefs but the comthe quote: "Kills thousands with his foreign parison to the suspect in the Aurora shootings that don't." policy, wins Nobel Peace Prize." went too far. Clements guessed he had received more "Of the 25 years that I've lived in Caldwell, "Even if the juxtaposition makes good than 1,000 phone calls and emails about the I've seen two positive messages on that sign," sense--and I'm not sure that it does--it's rebillboard, many asking him to take down the said Teri Ottens. Ottens was an assistant to former Caldwell image, something he said never happened with ally in poor taste, being so soon on the heels of that tragedy," said Oates. Mayor Jim Dakan in the 1990s and a member any previous message. He said he had also seen the image on "There were some people who contacted of a steering committee for a 1991 study conducted by the city's Rural Urban Development me who said they thought it was inappropriate Facebook but forgot about it. That is until he that we would try to use that tragedy in Colo- saw it on the Smeed billboard and began to Action Team. That study dedicated an entire receive calls that he was somehow involved in page of its 31-page report to what it called the rado for political purposes," said Clements. its message. The billboard rotates several political city's "negative self-image." "It's a very difficult thing for the people messages weekly, decided by a four-member "Because of [the billboard's] location, it that are real Libertarians," said Oates. seemed like it was city-endorsed," said Ottens. board. Clements declined to name the Caldwell Mayor Garret Nancolas also other three panel In 1991, a asked that the message be removed, saying that members. team from the while the billboard was protected by the U.S. "The billAmerican Instiboard is an inte- Constitution's First Amendment, the image tute of Archi"crosses over every moral value that I possess." gral part of the tects was asked "[Nancolas] called me and asked me to message of our to consider how take the sign down," said Clements. The imfoundation," Caldwell could age went away on Aug. 2. he said. "And enhance its Travis Manning, Democratic candidate for that message future. AccordIdaho House Seat 10A, the district in which is to promote ing to Ottens, the billboard is located, said the Smeed Founthe concepts the controversial dation put Caldwell on the map for "all the of liberty and sign was identiwrong reasons." freedom." fied as a major "I think people are frustrated as well that Before problem for the the Republican Party officials here in town Smeed, perhaps city. The electronic billboard, with content chosen by the Ralph have not denounced that billboard and try Idaho's best "They sat us Smeed Foundation, regularly rotates political messages. to stop the negative press," said Manning. known liberdown and said, "They're just taking their lumps and hoping tarian, died in `You've got a that it goes away." 2010, the Idaho Libertarian Party attempted serious problem, and the problem is that sign At his office at a real estate agency in to distance itself from his billboard. out at the intersection of your community.'" Nampa, Clements gestured to a death threat "We want to make clear that the Smeed said Ottens "They said it was `the most detrihe had received via email. Foundation does not consult with us by any mental thing you have to bringing businesses "I'm sure that this came from an Obama stretch," said Rob Oates, chair of the Libertarto downtown.'" supporter," said Clements. "I think that they ian Party of Idaho. "As far as we know, the Maurice Clements, chairman of the Ralph are just deathly afraid that anything like this members of the Smeed Foundation board are Smeed Memorial Foundation, told Boise might hurt his chances for re-election." not members of our party. But they haven't Weekly that in his estimation, high property PATRI CK SWE ENE Y 10 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 11 CITIZEN KELLEN MOORE Former Boise State star starts over in the NFL GEORGE PRENTICE Kellen Moore, like so many other Americans, is trying to get a job. He has to be at the top of his game, literally. Along with a few thousand other young men, Moore is attempting to secure a rare spot in the National Football League. He's sweating it out this summer in Allen Park, Mich., home of the summer training camp for the Detroit Lions, hoping to nab a third- or even second-string quarterback slot with the NFC North squad. Moore, 23, is starting over to a large degree. He's trying to prove himself on the heels of becoming the most successful quarterback in NCAA Division I history, finishing his career at Boise State with a 50-3 record. "I stay in touch with everyone at Boise State," said Moore, but conceded that he doesn't have much time for squeezing small talk into a 13-hour workday. You recently turned 23. How did you celebrate your birthday? In Hawaii, on Maui with my wife. Some of the Detroit media has been writing some nice things about your time in training camp. Do you read or listen to media accounts of your progress? Not really. We're here for such a long time each day. I get back to my hotel, call my wife, call my parents, watch a little Olympics and go to sleep. On a scale of one to 10, what's your confidence level right now? It gets better each day. The first time you run a certain play, you're a bit tentative. Then you get comfortable and your timing gets better and your confidence builds. But take a guess, between one and 10. I don't know. Let's say seven. The Lions' final preseason game is Thursday, Aug. 30, one day before Boise State plays at Michigan State. There's a pretty good chance that quite a few Boise fans will be in town for your game. Absolutely. After our game, Titus and I may jet up to Lansing, Mich., to watch the Broncos. That could be a lot of fun. JER EM Y LANNINGHAM What's your training camp schedule like? I get up at 6:15 a.m. We start meetings at 7:30. Practice gets going from 9:30-12. After lunch, there's more meetings, weight lifting, walk-throughs in the afternoon, and a couple of more meetings after dinner. We're usually done about 8:30. The Lions' first preseason game is Friday, Aug. 10, against the Cleveland Browns. Will you be taking some snaps in that game? We'll wait and see. I think [all of the quarterback candidates] will have the opportunity. What did you know about the Lions before you went to Detroit? Like everyone, I watch the NFL and followed the Lions' progression and how they made the playoffs last year. I certainly followed [former Boise State teammate] Titus Young after he came to Detroit. Speaking of Young, have you been throwing to him yet? I throw a couple to him now and then but not much. He's on the first-team offense. What are the advantages and disadvantages of being an undrafted free agent? It's a different way of getting into an opportunity. Honestly, at this point it really doesn't matter. The number-two quarterback here, Shaun Hill, came in undrafted and he's currently in his 11th year in the NFL. There are different ways of making a career and my goal is to be one of those success stories. I've heard it said that NFL training camp is like learning a new language. Exactly. Is there such a thing as a team playbook anymore or is it digital? For the most part, it's on your iPad now. I think, more than anything, that's to protect their information. The playbook takes some getting used to, all the verbiage. But the more you're around it and the more you practice, the more comfortable you become. How overwhelming is it to start from scratch? It's not too bad. Football is football. There are only so many plays, so many schemes or styles. You revert back to some of your college days and connect to plays that were similar. Then you revise it by understanding the new verbiage that is taught here. 12 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M T H E G A ME S P E O P LE P LAY H AVE LASTI N G E F F E C T S O N O U R C U LTU R E AN D EC O N O M Y They're jocks at heart. Bruised and sometimes battered on fields of play, their personal and professional paths have been carved out between the goal lines. In fact, they would be the first to say that sports helped define their destinies. "I'm the daughter of a sports coach. I was in gymnastics until I grew too tall, so I played basketball, ran track and swam. Come to think of it, sports is really the main reason I got involved in politics," said Meridian Mayor Tammy DeWeerd. "I wanted my community to have more playing fields." "I grew up on Boise's sports fields," said Boise Mayor Dave Bieter. "Whatever the season, there I was playing sports." Dreaming of being a Green Bay Packer like his idol, Idaho native Jerry Kramer, Bieter waxes poetic to "being a pretty decent football player" when he would suit up for the Bishop Kelly High School Knights. But his gridiron days are long gone. In fact, the life of Boise's fullback in chief changed forever when he hit the turf for good in an intramural football game during his law school days at the University of Idaho. "I was 25 years old and ..." Bieter thought for a moment. "I could have died. I could have lost my leg." WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 13 COURTESY BETTER BOISE COALITION PROPOSED MULTI-USE STADIUM Anyone paying even remote attention for "I severed the artery that ran behind the knee. I was rushed into emergency surgery and the past two years has heard the constant drumbeat from the Hawks: They want out woke up six hours later," he said. "When I of Memorial Stadium. At the very least, they came to, they told me I could keep the leg." want a new facility to replace their Garden Just before Christmas 2009, Bieter underCity home. Their druthers would include a went total knee replacement surgery to treat new home, preferably in Boise or Meridian. his long-standing problem traced to the 1985 "We know [a new stadium] would be injury. All these years later, Bieter still winces pretty good for downtown Boise, pretty good with sense-memory, recalling something that for Meridian, pretty good for right here," occurred 27 years ago. said Rahr waving his arm across Memorial Bieter still loves the Packers, and when it Stadium, built in 1989 for $2.3 million. comes to baseball, it's the Minnesota Twins. Rahr admits that the original designers of "I once bet the Twins would win the World the ballpark didn't necessarily have fans' best Series. Now, here's how big a deal it was: The Twins were in last place when I made that bet, interests at heart. "Our first baseline has a reputation for but that's how big a fan I was. I was given being incredibly hot. You're staring at the sun. 60-1 odds," said Bieter. "The Twins won the Those seats are not desirable," said Rahr. next 16 games and won the series. I made Traditionally, first-base seats are the best in $300. That was a long time ago." But Bieter makes his political wagers with a any other ballpark. "We added some club seats, but we don't bit more caution these days, especially when it have skyboxes," he added. "We don't have a comes to baseball--the stakes are higher. video scoreboard. And we have some ADA While Boise Hawks franchise management components we have to deal with." tells anyone who will listen that the team is Rahr was referring to the Americans with overdue for a new facility, conversations with Boise and Meridian officials have been cordial Disabilities Act, enacted one year after the stadium was built, requiring full access to those but unproductive. Both Bieter and DeWeerd with disabilities when visiting public locales. are more than willing to facilitate conversaRahr describes the Hawks' tions regarding the possibility of a professional relationship with its new multi-sport stadium, but parent organization, the Chithe most important question cago Cubs, as a "marriage remains unanswered: Who "THE HAWKS ARE of convenience." has the money? "They need a place "The Hawks are TRYING TO KEEP THEIR to house their minor trying to keep their league team, and we options open," said need a team to play DeWeerd. "I've sat here," he said. down with them and But it's a marriage some of our developers OPEN" that is on the rocks. who would like to see "I believe that in my something happen. It's -TAMMY DEWEERD heart of hearts, the Cubs a business decision, not will leave at the end of the necessarily a government season," said Rahr. decision." The Hawks' season wraps If Bieter were as rich as, say, Saturday, Sept. 1. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, "The Cubs need and want their minor a new stadium would be a no-brainer. league teams to be in the best facilities in the "If I had the money, I would build the stacountry, and I don't think you can say we're dium myself," he said. "That's how strongly one of those," he said. I feel about it and how much I love sports. When BW asked if he had mixed emotions But it's prudent for a mayor to go about this about divorcing from one of the best known in a way that verifies the wisdom of such a franchises in professional sports, Rahr was decision." more blunt. "Mixed feelings? I don't even know if they're mixed. It's sad, in my estimation," he EXTRA INNINGS said. "Why would we want to let them leave? "We've talked to Boise. We've talked to I honestly don't have mixed emotions. I have Meridian. We've even talked to Nampa. one emotion: sadness." Plus, we've talked with Garden City and Ada But the looming possibility of losing the County about renovating this place," said Cubs or, worse yet, losing Boise's minor-league Todd Rahr, president and general manager of franchise to another city didn't leave the Better the Boise Hawks. Sun Valley On Ice runs Saturday nights through September 1 promising a dazzling new spin on our traditional outdoor ice show under the stars. For show tickets or buffet and show tickets go to seats.sunvalley.com or call 208.622.2135. options September 1 Meryl Davis & Charlie White 2012 World Silver Medalists 2011 World Champions 2010 Olympic Silver Medalists 4X US Gold Medalists (2009�2012) August 18 Evan Lysacek 2010 Olympic Gold Medalist World Champion 2X US Gold Medalist Nathan Chen 2012 US Junior Men's Gold Medalist 14 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M Boise Coalition sobbing in its Cracker Jacks. It served as its motivation. BY THE NUMBERS "Quite often, we're asked to perform economic studies to confirm the benefits of keeping or growing a sports team. But we just can't do that," said Don Holley, Boise State economics professor. "Deep down in their hearts, sports team owners or those who support a new stadium would like us to do a cost-benefit analysis that proves that a team or a stadium is a big plus to a community and that the benefits more than cover any costs. I know what they would like us to say, but we just can't do that." Though he couldn't share too many details, Holley confirmed that a new analysis, commissioned from Boise State economists, would involve a possible new home for the Boise Hawks. "We're going to study something we call THEY WANNA PLAY BALL The BBC, a coalition of Boise business, civic and community leaders, want a new multi-purpose sports and entertainment complex. It goes to painstaking efforts not to call the dream facility "a baseball stadium." Sure, it would host as many as 30-35 baseball games a year, but BBC officials say they gain greater support by touting a new facility as a location for high school football, minor league soccer, concerts and even an outdoor skating rink. "Think of this as your Rockefeller Center in Boise," said Rahr during a Feb. 15 community pitch. As for a location, the coalition recommended to Boise officials that an ideal site would either be a parcel of property at 27th Street and Fairview Avenue, currently owned by St. Luke's Hospital, or another parcel on 30th Street, owned by the city, which used to be the location of Roundtree Chevrolet. Can a new stadium, or lack thereof, influence whether a baseball team stays or leaves town? More than a few interested parties took note when Hillboro, Ore., announced on June 19 that it will steal the Yakima Bears away from its Washington home once Hillsboro cuts the ribbon on its new $15-million baseball stadium, funded through city backed bonds. Yakima is a member of the Northwest League, which includes the Boise Hawks. Bieter, a three-term mayor with an astute ability to test the waters of public opinion, said his constituents tell him "all the time that they would love to see a new sports facility." "The bulk of them want to see a stadium-- at least those who feel strong enough to talk to me about it," said Bieter. "I recently met with a group from Boise Young Professionals and asked them about this very issue. They were very receptive. And I must tell you, I didn't think their support was a foregone conclusion. If there's any likelihood that something like a stadium could happen, young professionals are the ones who are going to need to support it." But Bieter added that a post-recession Boise, which has weathered the economy better than most municipalities, would still be hard-pressed to pay for such a venture. "For us to do the heavy lifting is very unlikely," said Bieter. "Even if we had the authority, it would probably involve a two-thirds majority vote. Or we would have to find the money in the city's general funds, and I just don't see that happening." Bieter said any strategy sessions surrounding a proposed stadium are at the "unsexy stage" of crunching numbers. "Let's get to the dollars and cents of all of this. That's the phase we're in now," said Bieter. "But I want to be clear. The city's discussions have been limited to a potential site for the stadium. Our participation beyond that is unlikely. I think this project is going to need some philanthropy and we just haven't gotten there yet." Securing deep pocketed philanthropists or strong community support for a new stadium is more often a science rather than an art. In fact, Boise Weekly learned that a team of Boise State researchers is working behind the scenes to craft different stadium scenarios to grab greater attention. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M `collective decision-making.' There's some people over in the engineering computer science department that will assist us on the project," said Holley. "We've been asked to consider the baseball team and different locations of a possible new stadium. And we're going to create different models to gauge how the public reacts to each one." Collective decisions usually gain greater support when a project is tailored to a community's desire. But Holley also said that when he and his colleagues at Boise State's College of Business and Economics crunch the numbers, they leave the anecdotes to others. "When a mayor brags about how important baseball, basketball or hockey is to the city, it's very, very subjective, and we can't measure that," said Holley. "But we can tell them how important an actual sports operation is to the economy. That's measurable." As an example, Holley was the lead researcher on the 2011 analysis of Boise's CenturyLink Arena, showing that the facility and its sports franchises pump about $7.7 million into the local economy each year. According to the study, CenturyLink's three operations-- the arena, Idaho Steelheads hockey team and Idaho Stampede basketball team--account for the equivalent of 50 full-time jobs. "But indirectly, you include some of the jobs at Boise hotels and restaurants and certainly some sales tax revenue," said Holley. Bieter, who grew up playing baseball and football, said when the Steelheads came to town, he couldn't immediately relate to ice hockey. "We didn't have much hockey when I BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 15 "Some really love it but, yeah, there are was a kid," said Bieter. "But to watch the a few who would like to see it go away. It's Steelheads and their fan base grow has been probably because of the noise," said Defascinating." Weerd. "But the speedway is a major attracOne of Bieter's right-hand men, John tion. Our family loves to sit in the stands. It's Brunelle, knows a thing or two about sports. a lot of fun." Before becoming an assistant for economic However, it was another sport, soccer, that development for the City of Boise, Brunelle launched DeWeerd into public service, includspent eight years as part-owner of the Staming her now-third term as Meridian's mayor. pede, serving five years as the club president "I was driving my kids back and forth to and general manager. Boise to play soccer," she remembered. "So I "As far as the Stampede's future, I see ..." decided to get involved in order to bring more Brunelle took an extended pause and a large parks to the city." grin came across his face. "I see a new, better DeWeerd served on Meridian's Planning relationship with a single NBA team." and Zoning Commission before being elected A few days later, Brunelle's "I know to the Meridian City Council in 1999 and first something you don't know" smile made all elected as mayor in 2003. the sense in the world when the Stampede "Today, our youth sports programs, run unveiled what it called "the biggest announcethrough a number of nonprofits like Meridian ment in its 15-year history": the Portland Youth Baseball, Optimist Football and the Trail Blazers would become the Stampede's Police Athletic League, are extremely successsole affiliate. ful. And our parks are filled with kids playing "You're going to see a younger, faster, sports," said DeWeerd. "But we've also smoother game," said Bill Ilett, managing been noticing something new in the investor of the Stampede. "This parks: lacrosse." is more than evolution. It's DeWeerd said lacrosse revolution." was gaining great popularBut the Hawks, "BOISE STATE FOOTBALL ity among Meridian Steelheads and Stampede school kids. Brunelle can't come close to REALLY IS AN said he sees the same Boise's other sport--the thing in Boise, and one that more than a in his estimation, the few consider to be the Native American-origonly game in town. inated game was "the DEVELOPMENT TOOL" fastest-growing sport in the Treasure Valley." BLUE-AND-ORANGE -ADAM PARK "Lacrosse, whitewaMONSTER ter sports, cycling: These "It's our best ... well, one competitive sports didn't exist of our best marketing efforts," when I was growing up," said Bieter. said Bieter, quickly catching himself, "Watching these new sports emerge in the last not to get in too much hot water with his fel20 years has been phenomenal. And that's low University of Idaho alumni. "Obviously, quickly becoming our brand. These are the Boise State is not just here for football, and sports that will help define our future." we're careful not to be too demanding of a And that, Bieter said, may be sports' greatsports team. But it's stunning." est cultural and economic benefit to Boise-- Bieter spokesman Adam Park said a City not in a stadium but on the field, in the water Hall staffer's spouse, an employee of Hewlettor on the slopes. Packard, regularly flies representatives from a "Sure, Boise is an awesome sports town," number of foreign companies into Boise. said Brunelle. "But let's face it, there's a lot of "They come into town and, of course, HP great sports towns. But the difference in Boise focuses on business, but they all want to see is how many participants we have. Boiseans the blue turf. That's what they know about are the players. They're the runner, the skier, Boise," said Park. "Boise State football really the rafter, and certainly, the cyclist." is an economic development tool." The Treasure Valley's recent success with Brunelle agreed, saying the Broncos have the inaugural Exergy Tour, a five-day world served as countless icebreakers when he first class cycling competition, was just the latest meets business clients. two-wheel showcase for Boise, which also "I walk into a conference in Orlando or a boasts the ever popular Exergy Twilight Criteboardroom in San Francisco and the first toprium. And perhaps most of all, the city wants ic of conversation is usually about how Boise the world to know that cycling's golden girl State is doing," said Brunelle. "It establishes calls Boise home. rapport and then we get down to business." "I don't know if you can pick a better DeWeerd said if it's football season, her global ambassador than Kristin Armstrong," family is watching the Broncos. said Bieter. "I went to Washington State so my loyalBieter will get a chance to remind the ties are to the Cougars, but my husband said, two-time Olympic gold medalist just how `When in Rome,' So, yes, we're avid Boise much she's loved by Boise during a special State fans." celebration, slated for Saturday, Aug. 11, But DeWeerd is quick to add that Meridwhich is also her birthday. And in perhaps ian has its own avid fan base, a loud one. the most tangible example of how Boise has evolved from a spectator- to a participantMOTORSPORTS, LACROSSE centered community, scores of budding AND CYCLING Olympians are expected to ride their bikes "The speedway has long roots in the to the Armstrong celebration. Their parents community," said DeWeerd, referring to the may have preferred to cheer Armstrong onto quarter-mile track that has been the centervictory but our newest generation would piece of Treasure Valley racing for more than rather ride alongside her. 60 years. economic 16 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 17 BOISEvisit WEEKLY PICKS boiseweekly.com for more events Scary clowns are the least of your worries at The Devil's Carnival. THURSDAY AUG. 9 fun house THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL, EPISODE ONE Brush up on your Truffle Shuffle and catch The Goonies at Idaho Botanical Garden. WEDNESDAY AUG. 8 movie MOVIES IN THE GARDEN: THE GOONIES The beloved 1985 classic The Goonies returns to the big screen Wednesday, Aug. 8--well, the big screen at Idaho Botanical Garden. IBG's Movies in the Garden series will continue Wednesday, Aug. 8, with Chris Columbus and Steven Spielberg's tale of pint-sized adventure. A motley crew of pre-teens living in the "Goondocks" neighborhood of Astoria, Ore., attempt to save their homes from the expansion of the Astoria Country Club and, in doing so, unearth a map to a secret treasure. Beneath their sleepy town rests the long-lost treasure trove of the pirate One-Eyed Willie, according to clues the gang finds in a friend's attic. Their search for the missing fortune leads them down a path of death-defying adventure. Much of the film was shot on location in the seaside town, and became enough of a pop culture icon that the mayor proclaimed June 7 Goonies Day. The family friendly movie features characters such as the oaf-like Chunk--with his famous "Truffle Shuffle"--and the misunderstood Sloth, along with actors Corey Feldman and Josh Brolin early in their careers. With a rating of PG, parents are advised that some light swearing takes place, and the film includes some violence. Pack a picnic, bring something to sit on and relax in the garden with a film. The rest of the summer-long series lineup includes Hairspray, Some Like it Hot and Idaho's indie hit Napoleon Dynamite. Gates open at 7 p.m. and films start at dusk. 7 p.m., $5, $3 IBG members and youth ages 5-12, FREE for ages 4 and younger. Idaho Botanical Garden, 2355 Old Penitentiary Road, 208-343-8649, idahobotanicalgarden.org. If you delight in the summer pastime of cotton-candy filled, sunny days spent winning stuffed animals, head to a local fair. If you like your carnivals a lot darker and set to music, head to the Egyptian Theatre Thursday, Aug. 9. Darren Bousman and Terrance Zdunich, who teamed up for 2008's Repo! The Genetic Opera, are fusing music and horror once again. The duo will release The Devil's Carnival on DVD in September, and is touring with the hour-long TV-episode-style film beforehand. The cast includes talent from all across the proverbial board, featuring 90210's Jessica Lowndes as a gullible teenager, Good Fellas' Paul Sorvino as God, and Zdunich as Lucifer/The Devil, among many, many others. Basically, a group is cast from heaven and left to wander the creepy (yet kind of awesome) Devil's Carnival, complete with scary clowns, big-top tents, fantastic costumes and lots of music. The outcasts find themselves playing out the fables of the famed Aesop. From the trailer, it looks like a frightening funhouse fused with the film adaptations of Chicago and Water for Elephants. The screening will feature never-before-seen footage from Repo! The Genetic Opera, a slideshow performance, costume contest (bring your shrunken top hats and circus attire) and question-and-answer session with Bousman and Zdunich. The event is unrated but may cater more toward adults. "Ringmaster" VIP tickets are already sold out for the Boise screening, but "sinner" tickets (which include the show only) and "carnie" tickets (admission and a signed poster) are still available at thedevilscarnival.com. 9 p.m., sinner $21.45 and carnie $32.18. The Egyptian Theatre, 700 W. Main St., 208-387-1273, egyptiantheatre.net. THURSDAY AUG. 9 lecture ACLU IDAHO'S LAW AND LIBERTY LECTURE SERIES In 1973, the landmark Roe v. Wade decision was handed down by the U.S. Supreme Cour t. That decision expanded a woman's right to terminate a pregnancy but it did nothing to cool the heat of the national abor tion debate. The American Civil Liberties Union of Idaho addresses hot-button issues in its Law and Liber ty Lecture Series. It will present the final installment--Women's Equality and Reproductive Rights--Thursday, Aug. 9, at noon. Earlier installments explored immigration policies and capital punishment. The lecture about reproductive rights comes after a year in the Idaho Legislature that saw a great deal of controversy, when lawmakers considered a bill that would have required women to undergo an ultrasound procedure before seeking an abortion. Suppor ters called the bill necessar y for informed consent, while critics called it an invasion of privacy. Ultimately, the Legislature shelved Senate Bill 1387 under public pressure. Now the Law and Liber ty series looks to examine legal and policy ramifications of similar bills considered in other states, and how they relate to the larger issues of abor tion and women's health. The ACLU asks: If the ultrasound bills in individual states are challenged, and end up in the Supreme Cour t, will the 39-year-old Roe v. Wade decision be up for review? A panel will discuss that question and examine the legal ramifications and policy implications of required ultrasounds. Noon-1 p.m., FREE. Idaho State Bar classroom, 525 W. Jefferson St., 208-344-9750, ext. 201, acluidaho.org. FRIDAYSUNDAY AUG. 10-12 crafty SUN VALLEY CENTER ARTS AND CRAFTS FESTIVAL If you picked up the Aug. 1, edition of Boise Weekly (and you better have), you may have noticed that we gave you a whole bunch of reasons to visit the Wood River Valley. Well, guess what--here's another one. While Idaho isn't shor t on places to peruse the wares of local ar tists and creative types in a park setting, few ar ts and crafts festivals are as big a deal as the annual Sun Valley Center Ar ts and Crafts Festival. It will kick off its 44th installment Friday, Aug. 10, and continue through Sunday, Aug. 12, at Atkinson Park. Two hours from the Treasure Valley will land visitors in a world of live music, ar tist demonstrations, family activities and more than 100 booths boasting fine ar t and crafts to spend your cash on. From 11 a.m.-2 p.m., children of all ages can learn techniques used by artists at the festival and create something fun for free. Teachers and ar tists will help youngsters create talking cards Friday, creative disguises Saturday and sun WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M 18 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly www. b oiseweekly.c o m boiseweekly | Flicks August-October 2012 Film Schedule | 1 2 | Flicks August-October 2012 Film Schedule | boiseweekly www. b o i s e we e kly. c o m www. b oiseweekly.c o m boiseweekly | Flicks August-October 2012 Film Schedule | 3 4 | Flicks August-October 2012 Film Schedule | boiseweekly www. b o i s e we e kly. c o m S ETH THOM S ON FIND C R OOK ED FENC E B R EW ING Do you have what it takes? SATURDAY AUG. 11 biceps BEAT THE CHAMP ARM WRESTLING CHALLENGE Most think of arm wrestling as a favorite activity among tavern-dwelling, testosterone-laden, tank-top-wearing dudes. But, in fact, it is an international competitive sport. Champions from across the globe will compete Monday, Sept. 10-Tuesday, Sept. 18, in the 2012 World Championship in Sao Vicente, Brazil, and one competitor is from the Gem State. Emmett native John LaVergne qualified for the world championship when he won his second national championship in the 220-pound division of the Grand Masters class in Reno, Nev., in May. But traveling to Brazil to help America compete for an arm wrestling victory isn't cheap. And Saturday, Aug. 11, those who think they have some upper body strength can test it against Lavergne for a donation. The champ will demonstrate his skills at the Toadstool Billiard Cafe in Emmett at 5 p.m. Attendees can bring in cash to help Lavergne seek victory in Brazil, and/or a food donation for the Emmett Food Bank. Emmett will see another arm wrestling extravaganza Saturday, Aug. 18, when it presents the Western Idaho Arm Wrestling Challenge, which is slated to draw competitors from as many as five states, all competing in various men's and women's divisions. 5 p.m., by donation. Toadstool Billiard Cafe, 115 N. Hayes Ave., Emmett, 208-398-7321, toadstoolgrill.com. CROOKED FENCE HYDRO FLASK 40S Craft beer fans have long had to forgo a rite of pass(out) age: Edward 40 Hands. While their friends chug malt liquor from 40-ounce bottles duct-taped to their hands and try not to wet themselves, the craft kids have sat in unsoiled sicrookedfencebrewing.com lence sipping 16-ounce saisons. No longer. Crooked Fence Brewing recently rolled out a new line of 40-ounce hydro flasks perfect for shenanigans. "We are referring to it as the `Garden City 40.' It's kind of gangster," said Crooked Fence's Kelly Knopp. The bottles are "made from 18/8 stainless steel and feature double-wall vacuum insulation that ensures the temperature of the liquid inside never mingles with the temperature of the environment outside," according to the Hydro Flask website. Crooked Fence ordered 100 of the bottles two weeks ago and has already sold around 25. Though the brewery is obligated to sell the containers for $34 unfilled, they are offering a sweet deal: $6 for refills. "We already have the 64-ounce growler, so it was just a nice option that people could walk out with a different quantity of beer, because some people aren't going to go home and drink 64 ounces. I totally will, I'm not above that, but it's another option for people," said Knopp, laughing. --Tara Morgan Watch out Santa, Super Happy Funtime Burlesque is heading to town. FRIDAY AUG. 10 holiday cheer SUPER HAPPY FUNTIME BURLESQUE Thank, "A packed house was lead on a bizarre and comedic musical trip through the human body narrated in large part by a sassy pickle, treated to an AMWAY-style sales pitch for `sexual aids,' and ministered to by a female Jesus dressed only in tasseled pasties and a blood-stained pair of tidy-whities." The. 10 p.m., $10. The Shredder, 430 S. 10th St., 208-345-4355. hats (probably pretty useful in a valley known for its rays) on Sunday. Children younger than 8 need to be accompanied by an adult, while children ages 8-12 may create solo but cannot leave the area unattended. All ages can enjoy daily ar tist demonstrations such as ceramics by Boulder Mountain Clayworks and music from bands such as Boulder Bros., B3 Side with Carl Holmes, Johnny Shoes, Blaze and Kelly and more. If spending a day cruising ar t outdoors makes your stomach rumble, fret not-- there will be plenty of food vendors on site as well. Friday, Aug. 10, and Saturday, Aug. 11, 10 a.m.-6 p.m.; Sunday, Aug. 12, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.; FREE admission. Atkinson Park, Ketchum, sunvalleycenter.org. S U B M I T an event by e-mail to calendar@boiseweekly.com. Listings are due by noon the Thursday before publication. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 19 8 DAYS OUT WEDNESDAY AUG. 8 Festivals & Events SPLASH BASH--Featuring a poolside bar, special appetizers and live music from Jonathan Warren and the Billy Goats. All ages welcome. 5-10 p.m. Owyhee Plaza Hotel, 1109 Main St., Boise, 208-343-4611, owyheeplaza.com. WEEK IN REVIEW On Stage JOSEPH AND THE AMAZING TECHNICOLOR DREAMCOAT-- The Starlight Mountain Theatre presents its rendition of this classic tale. 8 p.m. $10-$18. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. THERE'S CHINESE TUNNELS UNDER BOISE!--Two 20-yearold metal-heads are cooped up in a late-'80s basement and embark on a journey not unlike the Zelda video game. Neurolux will offer a full bar at the venue during intermission and the hour prior to show time. Tickets are available in advance at emptyboattheatrecompany.org. 8 p.m. $15 adv., $18 door. WaterCooler, 1401 W. Idaho St., Boise. THE WINTER'S TALE--Idaho Shakespeare Festival presents its rendition of the Bard's romantic fairytale in which thieves, clowns and shepherds celebrate the comedy of life. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-336-9221, idahoshakespeare.org. Young artisans set up their wares at Indie Made's Kids' Pop-Up Shop. PINT-SIZED POP-UP SHOPS, PUPPET SHOWS AND POLYAMORY Though First Thursday usually beckons the of-age set to booze and schmooze in art-filled spaces, First Thursday, Aug. 2, boasted a number of events for kids, or the kids in all of us. Craft collective Indie Made hosted a Kids' Pop-Up Shop, where "pint-sized artisans peddled their wares at booths lining the halls all the way down to restaurant Jenny's Lunch Line, at the opposite end of the building, displaying everything from tutus to accessories that all ages could enjoy," observed Boise Weekly's Sheree Whiteley. Down the way on Sixth Street, Bricolage assembled 24 local artistic heavy hitters to interpret the whimsical theme Navigate. The results were all over the proverbial map.. Childhood memorabilia from the attic of Wilson's mother was propped up on tables and rested on the floor, while Wilson's vibrant paintings adorned the walls. And down the street at The Crux, "paintings of beer cans and Sesame Street characters hung next to bedazzled animal skulls and repurposed skateboards for a group art show, which provided an artsy ambiance for a Harry Potter satire puppet show," noted Whiteley. The puppet show primed the crowd for Norwood, Mass., band Harry and the Potters, which set up for its upbeat rock set as fans flocked to the merch table. And speaking of pop culture satire, Rick Walter's new solo exhibit debuted at Visual Arts Collective Aug. 3 with a couple of unusual pieces, including a toy figurine of a robotic Mickey Mouse operating a mini machine gun. Walter's oil-on-canvas paintings filled the rest of the Garden City venue. According to BW's Andrew Crisp: "Recurring themes popped up throughout, including a cotton-candy-pink panda bear tumbling through goldenrod clouds, dark skulls floating in black backgrounds and haunting portraits of fire." And moving from tumbling bears to twirling dancers, on Aug. 4, Whiteley swung by the inaugural performance of the Boise Dance Co-op, a new collaborative project featuring dancers from Treasure Valley companies working together during the roughly five-month off-season. The sold-out afternoon performance featured a mixed bag of dance styles and themes. According to Whiteley: "The latex-laden premiere of Skin, choreographed by Off Center Dance Artistic Director Kelli Brown, featured dancers covered in red body paint flapping large sheets of the textile. The piece was followed by another premiere, Polyamorous, choreographed by Idaho Dance Theatre's Gonzalo Valdez." --Tara Morgan WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M Screen MOVIES IN THE GARDEN: THE GOONIES--Pack a picnic, bring a blanket and enjoy movies on the outdoor big screen. Food and beverage vendors will provide snacks and summer treats. Movies start at dusk. See Picks, Page 18. 7 p.m. $3-$5. Idaho Botanical Garden, 2355 N. Penitentiary Road, Boise, 208-343-8649, idahobotanicalgarden.org. THURSDAY AUG. 9 On Stage COMEDY AT THE VARSITY: KEITH LENART--Catch the comedic stylings of this funny man, followed by a dueling piano show and DJ Mighty Delta One. 8 p.m. $8. Varsity Pub, 1441 N. Eagle Road, Meridian, 208-906-0658, varsitypubmeridian.com. THE IMAGINARY INVALID--Live music and 1960s French pop culture abound in this Moliere tale about a wealthy hypochondriac. Originally produced by the Oregon Shakespeare Festival. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-3369221, idahoshakespeare.org. 20 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly 8 DAYS OUT LEGALLY BLONDE--When sorority queen Elle Woods gets dumped by her boyfriend, she is determined to get him back. So she grabs her Chihuahua and sets out to Harvard Law. 8 p.m. $10-$18. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. LIQUID LAUGHS: KEITH BARANY--Also featuring Chad Heft. Tickets at liquidlaughs.com, by calling 208-941-2459 or at Liquid or Solid. Buy one, get one FREE. 8 p.m. $10. Liquid, 405 S. Eighth St., Ste. 110, Boise, 208-2875379, liquidboise.com. THERE'S CHINESE TUNNELS UNDER BOISE!--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $15 adv., $18 door. Boise WaterCooler, 1401 W. Idaho St., Boise. support the lifesaving work of the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network. Dance to your favorite '80s tunes with Pilot Error. Featuring best '80s costume contest, silent/live auctions, Thriller tribute, prom photos and much more. 9 p.m.-1 a.m. $20, $35 couples. Basque Center, 601 W. Grove St., Boise, 208-331-5097 or 208-342-9983, basquecenter.com. FRIDAY NIGHT POOL PARTY-- Youth ages 12-18 can swim, hang out and listen to music from Wild 101.1 FM DJs with live remotes and giveaways. 9-10:30 p.m. Natatorium, 1811 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-3459270. MICRON MATH NIGHTS--Enjoy FREE admission for the entire family, math challenge tables and an interactive math presentation. 4:30-7:30 p.m. FREE. Discovery Center of Idaho, 131 Myrtle St., Boise, 208-3439895, scidaho.org. On Stage BEACH BABES--Idaho's first professional female impersonation troupe performs Beach Babes, with guest star Minerva Jayne. Doors open at 7:30 p.m. Call 208-368-0405 for reservations. 8:30 p.m. $15. Balcony Club, 150 N. Eighth St., Ste. 226, Boise, 208-336-1313, thebalconyclub.com. CINDERELLA--Broadway's magical musical comedy about a working girl who can't catch a break. 8 p.m. $12-$24. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. COMEDY AT THE VARSITY: KEITH LENART--See Thursday. 8 p.m. $8. Varsity Pub, 1441 N. Eagle Road, Meridian, 208-9060658, varsitypubmeridian.com. THE IMAGINARY INVALID--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-336-9221, idahoshakespeare.org. LIQUID LAUGHS: KEITH BARANY--See Thursday. Buy one ticket, get one FREE for late show. 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. $10. Liquid, 405 S. Eighth St., Ste. 110, Boise, 208-287-5379, liquidboise.com. SUPER HAPPY FUNTIME BURLESQUE--Catch SHFB's The Poorly Timed X-Mas Special, which follows a male stripper playing a cab driver on a mission to deliver Santa's presents after accidentally killing him. Visit superhappyfuntimeburlesque.com for info. See Picks, Page 19. 10 p.m. $10. The Shredder, 430 S. 10th St., Boise, 208-345-4355. THERE'S CHINESE TUNNELS UNDER BOISE!--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $15 adv., $18 door. Boise WaterCooler, 1401 W. Idaho St., Boise. WESTERN ACTION ADVENTURE SHOW AND DINNER--Enjoy an original Western farce, coveredwagon ride and a full barbecue buffet dinner with reserved dinner-and-show seating. Tickets are available for the show only also. Advance reservations are required. 6 p.m. $15-$45. Coolwater Creek Event Center, 7355 S. Eagle Road, Meridian, 208-887-7880, coolwatercreekevents.com. SATURDAY AUG. 11 Festivals & Events MCCALL CLASSIC AND WOODEN BOAT SHOW--See Friday. 9:30 a.m. FREE. Shore Lodge, 501 W. Lake St., McCall, 1-800-657-6464, shorelodgemccall.com. NAMPA FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS--View work of more than 175 artisans and enjoy a juried art show and a variety of entertainment, including music from Leta Neustaeder, The Get Back Band, Straightaway, Phantasmorgia, Jake Leg, Loose Change, Shakin' Not Stirred and Front Porch Flavor at this 26th annual festival. 10 a.m. Lakeview Park, Garrity Boulevard at 16th Avenue North, Nampa. SUN VALLEY CENTER ARTS AND CRAFTS FESTIVAL--See Friday. 10 a.m.-6 p.m. FREE. Atkinson Park, 900 Third Ave. N., Ketchum. TASTE OF MCCALL FUNDRAISER--Chefs from McCall-area restaurants will serve tastes of their fabulous summer selections, paired with fine wines, refreshing microbrews and a wide variety of silent-auction items. 1-4 p.m. $50. River Ranch Club House, 101 Headquarters Road, McCall. Screen THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL, EPISODE ONE--Catch the hour-long musical horror flick from Repo! The Genetic Opera's Darren Bousman and Terrance Zdunich, during a stop on its national tour prior to its release. See Picks, Page 18. 9 p.m. $21.45 and $32.18. The Egyptian Theatre, 700 W. Main St., Boise, 208-387-1273, egyptiantheatre.net. Kids & Teens TEEN TALENT SHOW--Show what you can do and win prizes at the inaugural Summer Teen Talent Show. For ages 12-18. 4 p.m. FREE. Ada Community Library, Lake Hazel Branch, 10489 Lake Hazel Road, Boise, 208-2976700, adalib.org. Talks & Lectures ACLU IDAHO'S LAW AND LIBERTY SERIES--A panel of experts will discuss Women's Equality and Reproductive Rights. See Picks, Page 18. Noon. FREE. Idaho State Bar Classroom, 525 W. Jefferson St., Boise, 208-344-9750, ext. 201, acluidaho.org. On Stage BEACH BABES--See Friday. 8:30 p.m. $15. Balcony Club, 150 N. Eighth St., Boise, 208-3361313, thebalconyclub.com. COMEDY AT THE VARSITY: KEITH LENART--See Thursday. 8 p.m. $8. Varsity Pub, 1441 N. Eagle Road, Meridian, 208-9060658, varsitypubmeridian.com. JOSEPH AND THE AMAZING TECHNICOLOR DREAMCOAT-- See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $12$24. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. LIQUID LAUGHS: KEITH BARANY--See Thursday. Buy one ticket, get one FREE for late show. 8 p.m. and 10 p.m. $10. Liquid, 405 S. Eighth St., Ste. 110, Boise, 208-287-5379, liquidboise.com. THERE'S CHINESE TUNNELS UNDER BOISE!--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $15 adv., $18 door. Boise WaterCooler, 1401 W. Idaho St., Boise. FRIDAY AUG. 10 Festivals & Events MCCALL CLASSIC AND WOODEN BOAT SHOW--The 2012 McCall Classic and Wooden Boat Show features boats, music, food, ship store merchandise, judging and more. Noon. FREE. Shore Lodge, 501 W. Lake St., McCall, shorelodgemccall.com. SUN VALLEY CENTER ARTS AND CRAFTS FESTIVAL--Live music, artist demonstrations, family and kids' activities, food from local vendors and more than 100 booths of fine arts and crafts. Visit sunvalleycenter.org for info. See Picks, Page 18. 10 a.m.-6 p.m. FREE. Atkinson Park, 900 Third Ave. N., Ketchum. TIME OF MY LIFE '80S PROM-- Have the time of your life and Kids & Teens COMMUNITY CENTER BLOCK PARTY--Enjoy family fun and games like a water balloon toss, foosball, board games, capture the flag, dodgeball and field games. 5-7 p.m. FREE. Grace Jordan Elementary School, 6411 W. Fairfield Ave., Boise. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 21 8 DAYS OUT Wednesday, August 8, 8:45pm Gizzard Stone Friday & Saturday August 10 & 11, 8:45pm Old Death Whisper Sunday, August 12, 8:00pm THE WINTER'S TALE--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-336-9221, idahoshakespeare.org. Food & Drink SHEEPHERDERS BREAKFAST--Traditional Basque breakfast items such as sheepherders bread, churros, eggs piperade and chorizo. If you're feeling spirited, bottomless sangria blanco and bloody marys are available. Call for reservations. $10, $15 with alcohol. Basque Market, 608 W. Grove St., 208-4331208, thebasquemarket.com. Travis Ward & Friends Tuesdays, 9:00pm Food & Drink FIFTH ANNUAL CRAWDAD AND FROG LEG FEED--An evening of great old rock `n' roll music and fabulous Cajun cuisine on the patio. All-you-can-eat crawdads, frog legs, smoked chicken, salad bar, jambalaya, Cajun fried potatoes and desserts. Live music with the Woodbeez. 5-10 p.m. $19.95 adults, $1 per year for kids. Clear Creek Station, 16094 Highway 55, Cascade, 208-382-7268. plus Prizes with EJ Pettinger Mondays, 8:00pm Open Mic with Booze Clues Trivia YOUTH STORYTELLING AND ART PRESENTATION--Youth from the Boys and Girls Club of Ada County, Boise Urban Garden School and Global Gardens Refugee Community Agriculture will share stories and art about their connections to water and the Boise River. 7-8 p.m. FREE. Salt Tears Coffeehouse and Noshery, 4714 W. State St.,, Boise, 208275-0017, salttears.com. Rebecca Scott & Rob Hill Thursdays, 8:45pm The Frim Fram 4 Open 7 days a week at 3 pm No Cover & Smoke Free MONDAY AUG. 13 On Stage JOSEPH AND THE AMAZING TECHNICOLOR DREAMCOAT-- See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $10$18. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. TUESDAY AUG. 14 On Stage LEGALLY BLONDE--See Thursday. 8 p.m. $10-$18. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. THE WINTER'S TALE--See Wednesday. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208-336-9221, idahoshakespeare.org. Literature IDAHO WRITERS GUILD SUMMER RANDOM READINGS-- Alan Minskoff and Paul Hosefros will discuss and read from their book Idaho Wine Country. . 1-3 p.m. FREE. The Cole Marr Gallery/Coffee House, 404 S. Eighth St., Boise, 208-3367630. Kids & Teens STORYTRAIL STORYTIME: BUTTERFLIES--Children ages 2-6 may enjoy stories, crafts and activities with a butterfly theme. 10-11 a.m. FREE. Foothills Learning Center, 3188 Sunset Peak Road, 208-514-3755, boiseenvironmentaleducation.org. Odds & Ends BEAT THE CHAMP ARM WRESTLING CHALLENGE--Take on national arm wrestling champion John LaVergne and help him raise funds to compete in Brazil at the World Championships. See Picks, Page 19. 5 p.m., by donation. Toadstool Cafe, 115 N. Hayes Ave., Emmett, 208-3987321, toadstoolgrill.com. SUDOKU | THE MEPHAM GROUP SUNDAY AUG. 12 Festivals & Events MCCALL CLASSIC AND WOODEN BOAT SHOW--See Friday. FREE. Shore Lodge, 501 W. Lake St., McCall, 1-800-6576464, shorelodgemccall.com. NAMPA FESTIVAL OF THE ARTS--See Saturday. 11 a.m. Lakeview Park, Garrity Boulevard at 16th Avenue North, Nampa. SUN VALLEY CENTER ARTS AND CRAFTS FESTIVAL--See Friday. 10 a.m.-5 p.m. FREE. Atkinson Park, 900 Third Ave. N., Ketchum. On Stage LIQUID LAUGHS: KEITH BARANY--See Thursday. Buy one ticket, get one FREE. 8 p.m. $10. Liquid, 405 S. Eighth St., Ste. 110, Boise, 208-287-5379, liquidboise.com. THE WINTER'S TALE--See Wednesday. 7 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, idahoshakespeare | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M 8 DAYS OUT STAGE/ARTS DK M PHOTOGR APHY Workshops & Classes HERBAL HOW-TO--Master Gardener Wendi Gilliam hosts a hands-on workshop exploring herbs for the garden and crafting homemade herbal products for the kitchen, home and bath. Preregistration required. 9-11 a.m. $15-$17. Nampa Recreation Center, 131 Constitution Way, Nampa, 208-468-5858, nampaparksandrecreation.org. Talks & Lectures IDAHO HISTORY LECTURE SERIES, CHINESE IN IDAHO: BOISE BASIN--Priscilla Wegars will discuss how and why early Chinese immigrants came to Idaho, detailing their positive and negative experiences. 7 p.m. $5, $3 seniors, FREE for Idaho Botanical Garden and Osher Institute members. Idaho Botanical Garden, 2355 N. Penitentiary Road, Boise, 208-343-8649, idahobotanicalgarden.org. ISF's The Winter's Tale has more highs and lows than a Boise summer. THE WINTER'S TALE MAKES FOR A DISAPPOINTING SUMMER EVENING The Winter's Tale, Idaho Shakespeare Festival's penultimate 2012 production, blows hot and cold but ultimately can't find a temperate landing. The title The Winter's Tale was presumably inspired by 1590's The Old Wives Tale, which promised "a merr y winter's tale." But this production is far from merr y--it's a chilly disappointment in a season that saw the sublime (Romeo and Juliet) and the sublimely ridiculous (The Imaginar y Invalid). This staging of The Winter's Tale was a bit like watching an electrocardiogram, with its peaks of mercurial temperament. The usually fine David Anthony Smith as Leontes rushes too quickly to his outbursts instead of allowing his character's emotions to infect his temperament. Leontes' jealousy, not unlike Othello's but absent Iago to stir the emotional pot, requires The Winter's Tale runs much more nuance. Audiences through Sunday, Aug. 26. should be trusted to understand IDAHO SHAKESPEARE Leontes' obsession rather than FESTIVAL force-fed his rage. Smith, trying 5657 Warm Springs Ave. so hard in his exposition, re208-336-9221 duces his Leontes to a cliche. idahoshakespeare.org Unfortunately, this production pushes and pulls its players through much hand-wringing in a fairly disjointed first act, and then returns with a frivolous second act that feels like an entirely different play. The Winter's Tale has proven a test of strength for many a classical troupe, and it traditionally reveals weak spots in a company's roster. But here, the blame must be laid at the feet of director Jesse Berger, an accomplished craftsman who has helmed lauded productions across the nation. Berger has left his otherwise superb cast adrift; his characters are defined by their emotions rather than their motivations. As a result, a greater wedge is driven between the play and its audience. But there is good news in Laurie Birmingham's beauteous effort as Paulina. Birmingham, who gave an equally exciting performance as Juliet's nurse in Romeo and Juliet earlier this season, earns an extra bouquet for her fire-and-brimstone Paulina--tempered by guile and heartbreak--something terribly lacking in other corners of this production. Additionally, Tom Ford as Autoyclus--who provides some second-act comic relief--is tops. The production's stagecraft can also be trumpeted: David Barber's scenic design and Sara Tosetti's costumes are superb. But this two-hour, 45-minute production is the sum of its parts and too many elements are wanting. At the conclusion of the first act, the god Apollo expresses his dissatisfaction with the proceedings with angry bolts of lightening. I couldn't agree more with his sentiment. --George Prentice WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M Kids & Teens BACK TO SCHOOL DANCE PARTY--All ages can dance to old favorites and learn some new moves with a show of music and lights. 2 p.m. FREE. Ada Community Library, Lake Hazel Branch, 10489 Lake Hazel Road, Boise, 208-297-6700, adalib.org. WEDNESDAY AUG. 15 On Stage CINDERELLA--See Friday. 8 p.m. $10-$18. Starlight Mountain Theatre, 850 S. Middlefork Road, Crouch, 208-462-5523, starlightmountaintheatre.com. THE IMAGINARY INVALID--See Thursday. 8 p.m. $12-$40. Idaho Shakespeare Festival, 5657 Warm Springs Ave., Boise, 208336-9221, idahoshakespeare. org. THERE'S CHINESE TUNNELS UNDER BOISE!--See Wednesday, Aug. 8. 8 p.m. $15 adv., $18 door. Boise WaterCooler, 1401 W. Idaho St., Boise. Literature BOOKS TO FILM SERIES-- Watch a movie based on the book The Invention of Hugo Cabret. 6:30 p.m. FREE. Library at Collister, 4724 W. State St., Boise, 208-562-4995, boisepubliclibrary.org. Talks & Lectures CULINARY HERBS--Learn how to grow, preserve and cook with herbs. 7 p.m. $20, $15 Idaho Botanical Garden members. Idaho Botanical Garden, 2355 N. Penitentiary Road, Boise, 208-343-8649, idahobotanicalgarden.org. BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 23 NOISE THE KIDS ARE AURIGHT Portland experimental duo becomes a trio ANDREW CRISP For the last four years, Dana Valatka and Luke Wyland have made up the shimmering, experimental Portland, Ore., band AU, (pronounced "eh-you"). That is until Valatka saw the young Holland Andrews perform at a yoga studio in 2010. Andrews was looping her vocals and clarinet under her solo project, Like a Villain, at The People's Yoga in Portland. The AU-snap: Portland, Ore.'s AU will blend world music influences and digital trickery at Red Room. evening was captured on Vimeo, which Valatka later showed Wyland. lar kind of cheapened version of something for contributions. Both Lights used Va"I approached her and said, `I'm recordthat's very kind of historic," said Wyland. latka's percussion, as well as glockenspiel, ing this album, and I'd really like you to Wyland doesn't know whether European trumpet, trombone, keys and saxophone come help out,'" Wyland said. audiences are more willing to sit through Andrews remembered being nervous dur- from contributing artists like Colin Stetson AU's often frantic explorations, or whether of Arcade Fire. Andrews brought clarinet ing that conversation. and her glimmering vocals to that equation. their interactions with more far-flung sounds "I saw Dana after the show and he just helps them recognize the band's world music "Sometimes Luke sneaks in some secret came up--I was already a fan of the band-- influences. But he does know American so after he said `hello,' I was just quiet. And samples, triggered with his feet," said audiences have been slower to warm up. Andrews. "And Dana has a drum pad and I said, `Oh that's cool.' And I was really "There's this need for immediacy right triggers stuff there." super quiet because I think they're great now from the culture. If it's not a reference But American audiences have sometimes musicians," Andrews said with a laugh. point, a door into something rather quickly, found AU's experimentation too esoteric. Andrews lent her pipes to the brassy I feel like the American culture is kind of The band hopes that Andrews' soulful track "Solid Gold" on AU's 2012 release, dismissive," he said. harmonies--she once covered Billie HoliBoth Lights. Wyland encouraged her to let Having to put real listening work into an day's "Strange Fruit"--may soften up AU's her vocals bleed in at the most emotional AU album might scare the iTunes "singles" sharper edges, without losing that experipart of those songs. generation away from investing in the full mental feel. "I didn't know if they were secretly album. Even after seven years making mu"We actually do a little bit better in trying to see if we'd get along to have me sic, Wyland said he still feels clueless trying Europe," said Wyland. "I certainly can't in the band," said Andrews. "They were. complain about it. In certain countries, like to work within those parameters. Somewhere in that mix, I became a perma"If you don't grab somebody right away, France and Italy and the U.K., people are nent member of the band." they move on to the next thing because a little bit more excited about what we're Andrews just finished a Canadian tour there's something right behind you," he doing." with the boys and is preparing to embark said. "It's a weird business right now. It's Wyland said his musical influences-- on a United States tour that will bring the which include traditional and contemporary in a huge transition, on the business side of trio back through Boise Saturday, Aug. 11. Indian and African music, classical compos- things. Audiences are forming very different "I think it just sort of makes sense, ers and jazz artists--might lend his layered, relationships with their music these days." because what I do is kind of avant garde, But Wyland said his band's selling point sometimes cacophonous, blends of analog weird-type music. And AU definitely falls is its live shows. and digital sounds a foreign feel. into that category," said Andrews. "When people do come out, that's the "It just seems like the indie world in AU was originally a five-member collecAmerica is more about either folk history or moment when they're like, `Oh my gosh, tive before dwindling to a duo. In 2008, now I get it.' In a certain sense, it's what I the history of rock," said Wyland. Wyland split ways with Jonathan Sielaff hope for," said Wyland. Wyland said he and Marq Kaylor But while Wyland said Both Lights didn't loves those genres, after releasing the Au with Tu Fawning and Point Break 2. Saturdo as well as the band's previous releases, the but the rhythms and album Verbs, and day, Aug. 11, 8 p.m., $10. trio has done more live performances in an structures of nonbrought in Valatka. RED ROOM American songwriting attempt to connect with audiences. On the But even before 1519 W. Main St. long trek between Austin, Texas' SXSW festihave more sway on AU became a trio, 208-331-0956 val and the band's Portland home, AU swung his music. Wyland's songs were redroomboise.com by Boise's Treefort Music Fest in March, "I never had a expansive, a ploy which Wyland called a huge step for Boise. teacher or anything that relied on digital "That was one of my favorite shows here like that, I just spent a lot of time listening trickery and borrowing musicians from the in the U.S.," said Wyland. and mimicking, but trying not to steal or Portland music scene. The duo's 2009 reClearly, Boise audiences speak AU's lease, Versions, managed to emulate Animal anything. ... My goal hopefully is to make it my own, and not just be a parody or a simi- language. Collective by tapping a handful of artists 24 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M GUIDE/LISTEN HERE GUIDE WEDNESDAY AUG. 8 ALIVE AFTER FIVE--Featuring Rory Block with Sun Blood Stories. 5 p.m. FREE. Grove GAYLE CHAPMAN--With Robb Howell. 5:30 p.m. FREE. Sandbar GIZZARD STONE--8:45 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's HORSE FEATHERS-- With Dark Swallows and Grandma Kelsey. See Listen Here, this page. 8 p.m. $12 adv., $14 door. VAC JOHN BERRYHILL--With Greg Martinez and Friends. 6 p.m. FREE. Berryhill KIX BROOKS--8 p.m. $12-$45. Knitting Factory PAUSE FOR THE CAUSE--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's RYAN WISSINGER--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid STEVE AND GRACE WALL--6 p.m. FREE. Gelato Cafe STEVE EATON AND PHIL GARONZIK--8 p.m. FREE. Chandlers ROCCI JOHNSON BAND--9:30 p.m. FREE. Humpin' Hannah's THURSDAY AUG. 9 BEN BURDICK--6:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers BROCK BARTEL--6:30 p.m. FREE. Gelato Cafe DISTRICT 19 FLAMENCO--8 p.m. FREE. Modern DUCHESS DOWN THE WELL-- 10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's HOOCHIE COOCHIE MEN--6 p.m. $10, $7 IBG members. IBG FRIM FRAM 4--8:45 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's JOHN JONES TRIO--8 p.m. FREE. Chandlers LETA NEUSTAEDTER--6 p.m. FREE. Salt Tears RHYME PROGRESSION, FADE AND PERCUSSIVE TONGUES-- 9:30 p.m. FREE. Liquid POSSUM LIVIN--7 p.m. FREE. Lock, Stock & Barrel PRAIRIE SKY PILOTS--7 p.m. FREE. Buster's ROBERT JAMES--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid SALLY TIBBS--With Kevin Kirk. 5:30 p.m. FREE. Sandbar THE SALOONATICS--9 p.m. FREE. Buffalo Club BIG WOW--6 p.m. FREE. Edwards 22 FRIDAY AUG. 10 ANDREW CORTENS--6 p.m. FREE. Berryhill BAND OF BUSKERS--8 p.m. FREE. The Crux CHUCK SMITH--6:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers DUCHESS DOWN THE WELL-- 9:30 p.m. $5. Reef GAYLE CHAPMAN--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid HILLFOLK NOIR--8 p.m. FREE. Sockeye JIM FISHWILD--7:30 p.m. FREE. Willi B's JOHN CAZAN--5 p.m. FREE. Lock, Stock & Barrel MOTTO KITTY--9 p.m. $3. Kay and Traci's 127 Club OH DEAR!--With Naked Apes. 8 p.m. $3. Flying M Coffeegarage OLD DEATH WHISPER--8:45 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's QUICK AND EASY BOYS--10 p.m. $3. Grainey's ROCCI JOHNSON BAND--9:30 p.m. FREE. Humpin' Hannah's RYAN WISSINGER--9 p.m. FREE. Solid THE SALOONATICS--9 p.m. $5. Buffalo Club THE SHON SANDERS TRIO--8 p.m. FREE. Chandlers SUMMER FUNK IN THE LIBRARY--Featuring Danger Beard. 5 p.m. FREE. Ada Community Library SATURDAY AUG. 11 AU AND TU FAWNING--With Point Break 2. 8 p.m. $10. Red Room BAND OF BUSKERS--8 p.m. FREE. Burger Belly CHUCK SMITH--8 p.m. FREE. Chandlers CONCERTS ON BROADWAY: KEVIN KIRK AND ONOMATOPOEIA--7 p.m. FREE. Meridian City Hall DANGERBEARD--9:30 p.m. FREE. Liquid ERIC GRAE--6 p.m. FREE. Berryhill FRANK MARRA--6:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers GAYLE CHAPMAN--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid MOTTO KITTY--9 p.m. $3. Kay and Traci's 127 Club OLD DEATH WHISPER--8:45 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's HORSE FEATHERS, AUG. 8, VAC Horse Feathers seems to both spread its roots and stretch its limbs with each new record. From 2006's sparsely chilling Words Are Dead to the haunting harmonies on 2008's House With No Home to 2010's sun-thawed and orchestral Thistled Spring, each new album blooms with more depth and instrumentation than the last. And that remains true on the band's most recent release, Cynic's New Year, which swells with strings and shimmering, textured percussion. Lewiston native Justin Ringle's chamber folk music has always had a steady stream of dark poetry coursing through its veins. But Cynic's New Year brings us an older and more reflective Ringle. On the sweetly upbeat "So Long," Ringle sings: "So long to a life carefree / It's passing by with each year or three / I'll call it aloud / I'll call it by name / the young and the vain / they are one and the same." --Tara Morgan With Dark Swallows and Grandma Kelsey. 8 p.m., $12 adv., $14 door. Visual Arts Collective, 3638 Osage St., Garden City, 208-424-8297, visualartscollective.com. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 25 LISTEN HERE/GUIDE GUIDE QUICK AND EASY BOYS--10 p.m. $3. Grainey's ROCCI JOHNSON BAND--9:30 p.m. FREE. Humpin' Hannah's RYAN WISSINGER--9 p.m. FREE. Solid SHAWN COLVIN--8:30 p.m. $25-$35. Knitting Factory TAUGE AND FAULKNER--7 p.m. FREE. Angell's TRAVIS MCDANIEL--9 p.m. FREE. O'Michael's MUSIC FROM STANLEY-- Featuring Andy Byron and Ben Bedford. 4 p.m. FREE. Redfish Lake Lodge PETER MURPHY--7:30 p.m. $25-$35. Knitting Factory THE SIDEMEN: GREG PERKINS AND RICK CONNOLLY--6:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers SUNSHINE GENOCIDE--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's Basement SWINGIN' WITH ELLIE SHAW-- 5 p.m. FREE. Sandbar TRAVIS WARD AND FRIENDS--8 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's THE WORKING DJS--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's PUNK MONDAY--8 p.m. $3. Liquid RED FEATHER MONDAYS--Featuring Travis McDaniel. 8 p.m. FREE. Red Feather RILEY FRIEDMAN--6 p.m. FREE. Lulu's TRAVIS WARD--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid WEDNESDAY AUG. 15 ALIVE AFTER FIVE--Featuring Hot Club Sandwich with Dada Sol. 5 p.m. FREE. Grove Plaza BLUES ADDICTS FAN APPRECIATION NIGHT--7 p.m. FREE. Knitting Factory BURLEY GRIMES--8:45 p.m. FREE. Pengilly's FRIM FRAM FELLAS--6 p.m. FREE. Berryhill GAYLE CHAPMAN--With Robb Howell. 5:30 p.m. FREE. Sandbar JONATHAN WARREN AND THE BILLYGOATS--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's MARLENE, MARLENE--With The New Slang and The Unitahs. 8 p.m. $3. Flying M Coffeegarage NORTH--With Name and The Deadlight Effect. 9 p.m. $3. Red Room SWINGING UTTERS-- With Roll the Tanks and Wilt Chamberlin's Baby. See Listen Here, this page. 8 p.m., $12 adv., $15 door. Shredder SWINGIN' UTTERS, AUG. 15, SHREDDER Swingin' Utters has been rocking the bejeezus out the world since 1987. And though the band has reached iconic punk status in the subsequent decades, it hasn't changed much. It still makes the same straightforward, no B.S. rock 'n' roll that doesn't have to dress itself up in bells, whistles or subgenres. The band's newest album, 2011's Here, Under Protest, which it claims is its best, dials back the '90s Cal-punk sound to bring out the space between riffs more than on previous records like A Juvenile Product of the Working Class. Swingin' Utters carries obvious comparisons to bands like The Clash in its gritty vocals, straightforward beats and working class nihilism, but it retains the louder, more compressed sound of more modern punk bands like Rancid and Dropkick Murphys. Though Swingin' Utters recently replaced longtime bassist Spike Slawson, it shows no signs of slowing down and will be hitting Boise this week for a show at The Shredder. --Josh Gross 8 p.m., $12 adv., $15 door. The Shredder, 430 S. 10th St., 208-345-4355. WAITING FOR A LION--8 p.m. FREE. Willi B's TUESDAY AUG. 14 ATYPICAL TUESDAY--With Howth, Storie Grubb and the Holy Wars, Duckmandu and Adventure Galley. 9 p.m. $3. Red Room BARBARA LAING--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid THE COUNTRY CLUB--5:30 p.m. FREE. Sandbar ERIC JOHNSON--8:30 p.m. $23-$50. Knitting Factory ERIN AND THE PROJECT--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's FRANK MARRA / TRIO43-- 6:30 p.m./8:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers RADIO BOISE TUESDAYS--Featuring Murder By Death and Ha Ha Tonka. 7 p.m. $12 adv., $14 door. Neurolux TRIO43--8 p.m. FREE. Chandlers SUNDAY AUG. 12 ED SCHRADER--With Little Ruckus, Junior Rocket Scientist and The Olsen Twinns. 9 p.m. $4. Red Room EMILY DANGER--10 p.m. FREE. New Frontier Club FRIM FRAM 4--1:30 p.m. FREE. Sandbar JOHNNY SHOES--5:45 p.m. FREE. Solid MONDAY AUG. 13 DANIELLE FRENCH--10 p.m. FREE. Grainey's JOHNNY DOWNING--6:30 p.m. FREE. Chandlers KASKADE--8 p.m. $40$80. Knitting Factory LAST BISON--8 p.m. $5. Neurolux V E N U E S Don't know a venue? Visit for addresses, phone numbers and a map. 26 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M THE BIG SCREEN/SCREEN BOURNE AGAIN The Bourne Legacy is a money grabbing exercise in bad taste GEORGE PRENTICE Even Jeremy Renner's smoldering gaze can't save this tasteless, big budget reboot. I had the distinct feeling that they wanted to be in a different movie--at least a better one. release, no one in the hierarchy of Universal psychopathic gunman. It's a stain on the Within minutes of the opening titles, The nation's movie screens. To justify such a gut Pictures thought the violence was tasteless. Bourne Legacy drops its characters into a The Bourne Legacy's plotline is average wrenching expose by claiming that the scene poorly constructed plot, requiring audiences is merely fiction is to be tone deaf to the hu- at best, its dialogue even worse. It should be to imagine their backstory. Worse yet, the noted that the cast is impressive--including man experience. lead characters are left adrift--quite literRenner, Weisz, Edward Norton, Scott Glenn Producer Frank Marshall, much beloved ally--at the film's finale. and Stacy Keach--but the characters rarely in Idaho for his philanthropy, is among the But the Bourne Legacy's greatest sin speak with one another. Instead, they shout industry's finest filmmakers. His previous erupts one hour into the film in the form of in extended, cliche-driven speeches. We're gratuitous carnage. Universal Pictures should movies (Raiders of the Lost Ark, The Color asked to accept that the greater the shrill, the Purple, The Sixth Sense, Seabiscuit) are be ashamed. In the wake of the Aurora, more important the dialogue is. But these head and shoulders Colo., movie theater sophomoric, overmodulated motormouths above most producmassacre, studio heads THE BOURNE LEGACY (PG-13) resemble The Three Stooges more than govtions. And Marshall's should have been ernment operatives. advance screening of brave enough to put Directed by Tony Gilroy Despite the film's length (it drags along at The Bourne Legacy this film on a shelf for Starring Jeremy Renner, Rachel Weisz and two hours, 15 minutes) the movie feels as if at Boise's Egyptian an appropriate length Edward Norton it's still missing two reels, one at the beginTheatre Aug. 1 raised of time, in respect for Opens Friday, Aug. 10, at Edwards 9 and ning and another at the end. much needed thouthose who were killed Edwards 22 I didn't know whether to welcome its sands of dollars for or wounded in the conclusion or dread what will certainly be charity. But his film's recent shootout. seemingly endless shooting scene was shame- another sequel. Nonetheless, the filmmakers' But instead of holding the film for a ful, nonetheless. I find it impossible to believe choice to exploit the fictional slaughter of later release date, they choose to showinnocents was unpardonable. that before sending their movie into general case a scene of unexplained rage from a DVD/SCREEN BOISE'S FAVORITE DVD RENTALS THIS WEEK --Source: Video Memories, 4504 Overland Road, Boise, 208-385-0113 1. SILENT HOUSE First week in release. 2. LOCKOUT Second week at No. 2. 3. THE THREE STOOGES Dropped from No. 1 on Aug. 1. 4. GET THE GRINGO Dropped from No. 3 on Aug. 1. 5. AMERICAN REUNION First week in release. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 27 REC LAU R IE PEAR M AN Local cyclists gather weekly during the summer to race the clock in a time trial series. PHENOM IN OUR MIDST Eating Kristin Armstrong's inspiring dust SARAH BARBER teed to find out by braving the desert heat to Undeterred by the post holiday haze and pedal fast on a Thursday night. Armstrong is mid-summer heat, the regulars treated July almost always there. 5 like any other Thursday evening during In recent weeks, with a mixture of exciteBoise's summer. Both burdened and boosted ment and dread, I've cleared my schedule for by their season goals, competitive cyclists one evening each week in order to hone my simulate races every week in pursuit of state fitness, my aerodynamics and my ability to titles, national titles, or maybe just bragging suffer on an all out 10-mile effort. The setrights among their peers. The decades-old Thursday Night Time Trial series put on by a ting appears informal but don't be deceived. My high stakes attire--aero helmet, skinsuit, few dedicated local cycling enthusiasts stops shoe covers--make it appear that cash prizes for no one--and neither do the riders. are on the line. From the deep-dish rim of On Thursday evenings from June my front wheel to the through August, disc that rolls in the participants start rear, I brought every rolling to the corner On Aug. 1, Kristen Armstrong earned a secweapon in my arsenal of Cloverdale and Ten ond cycling gold medal when she successfully to shave seconds from Mile Creek roads, defended her Olympic title in the time trial my overall time. southwest of the airrace. She completed the 29-km route (18 As in a sanctioned port, well in advance miles) in 37:34, a full 15 seconds ahead of race, volunteers act of the 7 p.m. start silver medalist and World Champion Judith as "race officials," time. Even with the Arndt of Germany. Arndt clocked in at 37:50 designing the start mercury rising into and Olga Zabelinskaya of Russia took the list, monitoring the triple digits, commitbronze medal with a time of 37:57. clock, and holding ted cyclists want time each rider steady on to get their quads his or her bike as the warmed up before seconds count down. Although it sometimes they test their legs and lungs against the appears random, the fastest riders are usualmost objective judge of all: the clock. ly the last to roll out on course, giving them Perhaps the activity has been popularized rabbits to chase along the way. My spot is by Boise's native Olympic gold medalist, somewhere in the middle, as the abilities of Kristin Armstrong, who defended her 2008 the two- to three-dozen mixed-gender time title Aug. 1 at the Summer Olympic Games trialists vary greatly. in London, garnering her second gold medal. Motivating as it is to catch and pass the Anyone wondering how he or she would rabbits ahead on the road, it is proportionstack up against the star is virtually guaranally demoralizing to get caught by a chaser who started after you. Thus, you can understand my dismay when Armstrong herself was slated to start only a minute behind me. I did what anyone facing that circumstance would do: I chugged another bottle of Gatorade and pretended it was no big deal. But it was a big deal. Imagine being at your own physiological peak, pedaling as hard as you can with a hair dryer aimed directly at your face and gasping like an asthmatic hippopotamus but still barreling forward at a speed you think is "fast." Then, with no warning but the whomp, whomp, whomp of a disc wheel churning through the wind, a sleek figure rolls past you like you're motionless. She and her machine slice through the air like an angry machete. Seconds later, the shimmering mirage-like image in front of you shrinks away into nothing as the distance evolves into miles of separation. Muscles searing with lactic acid, I wilted over my handlebars but continued to push myself all the way to the finish line. World champions and Olympic gold medalists are an entire order of magnitude above the level of most professional athletes, let alone recreationally competitive weekend warriors like myself. There was no point in being dejected or discouraged by what felt like an inferior performance. Instead, like everyone else out there searching for a new personal best time, I choose to be inspired by the phenom in our midst. WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M 28 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly FOOD/WINESIPPER REVIEW/FOOD Restaurants get one chance to hit BW with their best shot. LAU R IE PEAR M AN IT'S EASY BEING GREEN WITH VINHO VERDE If. --David Kirkpatrick THE TAPHOUSE A sports bar in gastropub clothing JOSH GROSS Foodies rejoiced when The Taphouse Pub and Eatery announced it would take up the space that used to be The Lobby, at 760 W. Main St. in Boise. A 44-tap-strong gastropub touting local products and striking at the heart of the Bud Light and street meat district seemed to indicate that the good fight was being won. And indeed, The Taphouse has a lot of beers on tap--craft big boys like Odell, Deschutes, New Belgium--but more taps don't necessarily mean more unique taps, and few The Taphouse doesn't pull out all the stops with its pulled pork sandwich. of them are head-turners. In fact, the selection doesn't look much different from what you'd meat and missed the potatoes. find at a well stocked grocery store. Proprietor the sauce, the beer and the fairly bland slaw, Though Taphouse kitchen manager Craig sogginess dominated the sandwich. Brian Forde has said that he doesn't care for Gallegos said that he would eventually like to The bacon and pear bruschetta, on the foreign beers. But one thing he does care for upgrade to hand-cut fries, those that accompaother hand, was a pleasantly is big screen TVs, and The tweaked take on an established nied both sandwiches were the generic, frozen Taphouse has many of them, all sort. And it's this kind of partial commitment dish with a nice interplay of tuned to sports. THE TAPHOUSE PUB AND EATERY to detail--quality meat topped with canned smoky, savory and sour notes. On a recent trip, I sampled a 760 W. Main St. fixin's and surrounded by bland, frozen On another visit, a green bacon and pear bruschetta ap208-336-6991 spuds--that make The Taphouse something of chile burger ($9.99) suffered petizer ($6.99) and a "local ale" a sports bar in gastropub clothing. a similar soggy fate from the pulled pork sandwich ($8.99). Those who might see The Taphouse's juicier texture of the KobeThat day, the pork was roasted natural-wood-and-brass uniform and expect style beef and bacon blend patties from in Missoula, Mont.'s Big Sky Moose Drool-- Porterhouse Market, mixed with the juices of bold culinary visions to lurk within will likely the beer used rotates with the taps--and be let down. While the food is definitely a step dressed up with a house-made slaw. Both were the canned, chopped green chilies and olives up from other pub grub, it's still firmly rooted it was topped with. The burger had a richer fairly wet, and the bun from Gaston's Bakery in the middle ground between Sixth and Eighth sadly disintegrated. The barbecue sauce on the flavor than the frozen sort that sports pubs streets, culinarily speaking. pulled pork had a spicy tang to it, but between typically serve, but The Taphouse got the NEWS/FOOD Dutch oven meals Thursdays through Saturdays, beginning Oct. 4. "I have teamed up with a couple that their profession or expertise is Dutch-oven cooking," said Anderson. "We're going to create an outdoor CasaBlanca, the newly opened, family operated eatery at 5506 W. kitchen on the outside of the log cabin sun room that we have, and Overland Road in Boise, employs two transplanted moms who cook we're going to do all our cooking through the winter out there." Cuban recipes handed down through the generations. Anderson decided to go the Dutch-oven dinner route in lieu of install"The cooks are my mom and mother-in-law. It's cooking just like back ing a full kitchen. home," said owner Karina Soteras. "It's authentic, and it's the first "I have a Walmart grill that I work off of. I have a three-rack oven. Cuban restaurant in the valley." I don't have a professional kitchen, nor CasaBlanca serves up rustic fare filled do I have $50,000 to make one," Anderwith Spanish and African influences. You'll son said. find tostones (fried green plantains, $2) Anderson explained that standard and yucca con mojo criollo (yucca with dinner options will include ribs, baked creole garlic sauce, $3.50) on the menu, chicken and prime rib, along with rotating along with the traditional Latino exports specials like beef stroganoff, chicken caclike flan and rice pudding. ciatore and fresh fish. "The other name for the restaurant is "It's going to be all-inclusive, from Blue `Mom's Kitchen.' People say it's just like Moose's signature salad and soup to eating at home." the dinner to the cobbler, homemade ice For more info, call 208-331-2370. cream," said Anderson. Moving from Cuban food to campAs of now, Anderson plans to ing fare, Eagle's quaint neighborhood make the Dutch oven dinners by reser vasandwich shop, Blue Moose Cafe, will be tion only. For more information, visit venturing into new culinary territory this thebluemoosecafe.net. winter. Owner Marcy Anderson is expandHere's looking at you, Casablanca. --Carissa Wolf and Tara Morgan ing the cafe's offerings to include pre-fixe CASABLANCA GOES CUBAN AND BLUE MOOSE GOES DUTCH LE ILA RA MELLA -RA DE R WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, ROOMMATES ROOM FOR RENT Large bedroom with own bathroom. Looking for a responsible, honest person to share a home with single mother, teenager, two great danes & two cats. House is 1500 sq. ft., W/D. No smoking. State & Collister area, easy bike ride to downtown, on bus line. $450/mo. all util. incl., $400 deposit. kymebrlily@msn.com C A RE E RS BW CAREERS ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT A local company with international projects, is looking for PT help on projects. Flexible hours, can work from home/school for most of the work, excellent pay, either on a monthly or hourly basis. The projects are related to helping the environment and helping people in developing countries. The position has potential to lead to long term employment. The ideal person would be a good team player, good computer skills, great customer service skills, outgoing, friendly, the ability to work with all levels of people, and has the ability to learn quickly. Possibly of international travel so a passport would be ideal. For more information please respond via email with a brief description of yourself and qualifications. 208-761-6684. HELP WANTED!! Extra income! Mailing Brochures from home! Free supplies! Genuine opportunity! No experience required. Start immediately! $$$HELP WANTED$$$ Extra Income! Assembling CD cases from Home! No Experience Necessary! Call our Live Operators Now! 1-800-405-7619 EXT 2450 http:// BW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY REACH 5 MILLION hip, forwardthinking consumers across the U.S. When you advertise in alternative newspapers, you become part of the local scene and gain access to an audience you won't reach anywhere else.. altweeklies.com/ads PLACE AN AD COMMUNITY BW ANNOUNCEMENTS PRIVATE PITCHING LESSONS Joshua Rahrer in association with Baseball Pitching Mechanics is currently taking clients 8 & older. Call for appt. 208-412-4910. The Idaho Botanical Garden is seeking jugglers, mimes, moving statues and palm readers for Carnevale event, 9/14/2012. For more information please call 208343-8649. MAILING ADDRESS P.O. Box 1657, Boise, ID 83701 NEED FRENCH INSTRUCTOR 31 year old trying to teach myself French online but would love to meet & pay an instructor. I would like to get a similar group of people together so we could practice and encourage each other. Once a month excursions such as a French film or restaurant would be fun too. If you would be interested in joining this class or are a French instructor please e mail me, fawnolivia@hotmail.com. OFFICE ADDRESS Boise Weekly's office is located at 523 Broad Street in downtown Boise. We are on the corner of 6th and Broad between Front and Myrtle streets. BW CAREER INFO EARN $500 A DAY Airbrush & Media Makeup Artists For: Ads - TV Film - Fashion Train & Build Portfolio in 1 week Lower Tuition for 2012 AwardMakeupSchool.com SHOP HERE BW FOR SALE BW CLASSES, WORKSHOPS & SEMINARS IMPROV WORKSHOPS Improvolution is holding workshops. If you're wanting to make the best out of your career or just enjoy improv at its root, visit our website. $25/ 2 hr. class & $40 if you bring a friend. We offer different series of workshops. You must complete 4 wks. of our basic series to continue on to our next course. mike@boiselaughs.com BW CAREER TRAINING PHONE (208) 344-2055 FAX (208) 342-4733 E-MAIL classified@boiseweekly.com BEAUTY DEADLINES* LINE ADS: Monday, 10 a.m. DISPLAY: Thursday, 3 p.m. * Some special issues and holiday issues may have earlier deadlines. boise's organic skincare Facials and waxing By appointment only Gift certificates available �minence organic skincare products 729 N. 15th St. 208 344 5883 remedyskincareboise.com. CAREER TRAINING. Get 25% Off All Hair Services With Amber Grover or Courtney Beatty 3815 W Overland Rd 577-2999 10 Years of Experience Matters WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M 30 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly C L A S S I F I E D S VISIT | E-MAIL | classified@boiseweekly.com CALL | (208) 344-2055 ask for Jill MIND, BODY, SPIRIT BW HEALING ARTS ACCESS BARS Science tells us that everything, at its most basic level is energy. Change the energy & you change how that area of your life shows up. Access BarsTM provides a very simple process for changing the energy so you can start having a different result in any or all aspects of your life, be it with your health, your wealth, your relationships, your business or work. This therapy allows your body & you to begin releasing all the limiting thoughts, ideas, attitudes, decisions & beliefs that you have ever had. There are 32 points on the head that correspond to different aspects of your life; we call all of these points The BarsTM. Having your Bars run, meaning the 32 points are gently touched, effortlessly & easily releasing anything that doesn't allow you to receive. What if having your Bars run completely changed your life? What if you opened up new possibilities? What if everything you thought wasn't possible, happened? Have your Bars run. Call 208-995-0179. Vibrant Health Boise. BW COUNSELING BW MASSAGE A better full body massage by male. Private studio. $50. Terry 841-1320. A Full body massage by experienced therapist. Out call or private studio. 863-1577 Thomas. RELAXATION MASSAGE Call Ami at 208-697-6231. MASSAGE BY GINA Full Body Treatment/Relaxation, Pain Relief & Tension Release. Call 908-3383. 1/2 hr. $15. FULL BODY. Hot oil, 24/7. I travel. 880-5772. New website massagebyeric.com. Male Only. Private Boise studio. *A MAN'S MASSAGE BY ERIC* MIND, BODY, SPIRIT - MASSAGE PLACE AN AD B OISE W E E KLY FREE Head & Should Massage with 1 hr. Chinese Reflexology Foot Massage at VIP Massage. 377-7711. Stop by 6555 W. Overland Rd near Cole. SPECIALIZING IN PAIN RELIEF office in healing center. This massage is 1.5 -2 hours. 208-995-0179. Evenings and weekends available. COUNSELING COME EXPERIENCE MASSAGE BY SAM. BOISE'S BEST! With Bodywork by Rose. 794-4789. Call Amy for a Therapeutic Massage. 375-2346. ADOPT-A-PET These pets can be adopted at the Idaho Humane Society. 4775 W. Dorman St. Boise | 208-342-3508 MIND, BODY, SPIRIT - MASSAGE PEACH SPA O R I E NTA L M A S S A G E 322-0081 619 N. Orchard. REN: 1-year-old male Lab/border collie mix. House- and cratetrained. Active and playful. Good with dogs and older kids. (Kennel 421- #16759478) PUFF: 3-month-old male domestic longhair cat. Playful, social and funny kitten. Likes to play with other kittens. Litterbox-trained. (Kennel 19- #16835797) BINKS: 11-month-old male domestic shorthair cat. Sweet, gentle cat. Outgoing and very interactive. Litterboxtrained. (Kennel 01#16837658) EMMA: 9-year-old female German shorthaired pointer mix. Good with other dogs. Curious and knows commands. (Kennel 411- #16741066) TIPPER: 2-year-old female German shepherd mix. Would prefer to be the only dog. Crate- and house-trained. Bonds quickly. (Kennel 415#16450669) LAVENDER: 4-monthold female domestic longhair. Inquisitive. Litterbox-trained. Well socialized, enjoys being held and cuddled. (Kennel 17- #16434574) These pets can be adopted at Simply Cats. 2833 S. Victory View Way | 208-343-7177 MAGGIE: Senior kitties THADDEUS: This lap now only $25. Adopt a cat is good with dogs, golden oldie today. kids and cats. WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly C L A S S I F I E D S | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 31 MYRTLE: We have girl kittens. Spayed, vaccinated and ready to be yours. B O I S E W E E K LY BW SPIRITUAL Writer seeks personal stories of signs & premonitions. Call 208405-8749. VISIT | E-MAIL | classified@boiseweekly.com CALL | (208) 344-2055 ask for Jill SERVICES BW CHILD WEEKEND MARKET RESORTS KOOTENAI KIDS PRESCHOOL Now open & enrollment discounts are available. Located on the Boise Bench, near Overland & Orchard, is ideal for those parents working downtown or going East & West on the Freeway. Check out our website for more information & contact us for our current discounts. We are also ICCP approved! Hurry because our discounts will not last! rwinn@K2Preschool.com FREE ON-LINE CLASSIFIED ADS Place your FREE on-line classifieds at. It's easy! Just click on "Post Your FREE Ad." No calls please. PREGNANT? CONSIDERING ADOPTION? Talk with caring agency specializing in matching Birthmothers with Families nationwide. LIVING EXPENSES PAID. Call 24/7 Abby's One True Gift Adoptions 866-413-6293 (Void in Illinois).. BW HOME PLACE AN AD M U SI C BW MUSIC INSTRUCTION SERVICES - CHILD EMF, RF Testing & Consulting. Assess the safety of your home or office for dangerous electromagnetic fields. Protect your health & well being! Rebecca Saxon, RN, BSN, MA 703-9784. *REDUCE YOUR CABLE BILL! * Get a 4-Room All-Digital Satellite system installed for FREE and programming starting at $19.99/ mo. FREE HD/DVR upgrade for new callers, CALL NOW. 1-800925-7945. ELECTROSMOG TESTING BW PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE PAPUA NEW GUINEA Limited Time: 23 day all inclusive trip only $1800. 222originpng.com GRANDJEAN GRANDJAM Aug 3-5th! Bring your instruments and join the jam. We have camping in the meadow for event camping & playing. The Sawtooth Lodge offers tent camping, RV hookups, & cabins to rent. There is a geothermal pool, a little restaurant, & nearby hot springs! sawtoothlodge.com. 208~259-3331. Info call Patrick Sullivan: 208-340-8350. NYT CROSSWORD | DEBUT PROMOS AT THE WORLD'S FAIR BY KEVIN G. DER / EDITED BY WILL SHORTZ ACROSS 1 One of six World Cup qualifying zones 5 Tickles 11 Visit 15 Summer getaway 19 Pedigree alternative 20 Relative of a crow 21 Shade darker than azure 22 Gelatin substitute 23 "Get an inside look at our booth" (Buffalo, 1901) 25 "Come by and chat at our booth" (Philadelphia, 1876) 27 White Rabbit's song in "Alice in Wonderland" 28 Do a pit job 30 Early 20th-century Modernist 31 Whiz 32 Two-time world figure skating champ Slutskaya 33 Card 34 Back 35 Thruway warning 38 Double-check, in a way 41 "You've gotta get your hands on this" (Knoxville, 1982) 44 "Puts the keys of the future at your fingertips" (Philadelphia, 1876) 47 Inclusive pronoun 48 Russian city and oblast 49 Thompson of "Family" 50 Day spa treatment 52 Ones with natural curls? 56 Veteran's award 59 "Bring your dogs to our booth" (Philadelphia, 1876) 63 Queens neighborhood 65 Dove's sign 66 Grand ___ 67 Transcript meas. 69 "The fair's toughest man alive" (New York City, 1939) 73 Run into 74 Energizes 76 Ore. neighbor 77 Just for giggles 79 "Get the scoop on our new hand-held offering" (St. Louis, 1904) 83 Bob Marley tune made popular by Johnny Nash 86 "Quo Vadis" role 87 Swarm 88 Incredulous reply 90 It's unavoidable 91 Battalions, e.g. 94 "Fairgoers may be in for a shock" (St. Louis, 1904) 97 "Starting a giant revolution at the fairgrounds" (Chicago, 1893) 103 Winter reading, say 104 Pothook shape 105 Santa ___ 106 Muck 107 Fly without power 109 One that's hard to get ahold of? 111 It may receive a few pointers 113 Hullabaloo 114 Densest natural element 117 "Getting fairgoers moving on the right track" (Paris, 1900) 119 "Now showing our big vision of the future" (Osaka, 1970) 122 Pop ___ 123 Continue after landing 124 Designer Pucci 125 Source of the Hulk's power 126 Bull run participant? 127 "Shepherd Moons" Grammy winner 128 Remove from the stock exchange 129 ___ Daddy (N.B.A. nickname) 57 Aristotle's "fifth element" 58 Extinguish 60 Fiji alternative 61 Mezzo-soprano in "Don Carlos" 62 Onetime subject of the Mongols 64 "Have ___ day" 67 Fightin' 68 Viva ___ 70 Lamar of the N.B.A. 71 Ready to move 72 Fight 75 Pore over 78 Divide 80 When some lunches end 81 Go well together 82 "Gross!" 84 See 115-Down 85 Some allergy sources 89 Nastygrams 92 Actor Bruce 93 Sequester 95 Single-issue publication 96 1972 Bill Withers hit 97 Act like an expert without being one L A S T W H I L C A N O S I C K M A I C H I A P A N Z A T T E R H I B A U N A M R T B O H R L A T I E D U C B E C L A R R E G E C A R W H I T S E N E T A N A K P A A N A T C H H A E T W N A E S H A I T H T E E N C A S L A T DOWN 1 City where C�zanne was born 2 Bengalese wrap 3 Sermon leader 4 Retreats 5 Like hams 6 Eggnog ingredient 7 "Gross!" 8 Full of life 9 Mussorgski's "Bilder ___ Ausstellung" 10 Judge to be suitable 11 Bistro dessert 12 First-year law student 13 'Fore 14 Faulkner's alma mater 15 "High Hopes" lyricist Sammy 16 Greek squares 17 Pull through 18 Hunt for food 24 Colorful parrot 26 Small garden 29 Game with Wild cards 33 Sea snail 35 Lay away 36 Neighbor of Draco and Hercules 37 Met somebody? 39 Sweet-talk, say 40 Firenze's place 42 Part of many a bistro's name 43 Tennis player's asset 45 Group in many a park 46 Small energy boost? 50 ___ Piper 51 Part of summer in Santiago 53 2004 Will Smith animated film 54 Deer hunter 55 Online deluge 1 19 23 2 3 4 5 20 24 6 7 8 9 10 11 21 25 12 13 14 15 22 26 16 17 18 27 31 35 44 48 56 63 67 74 79 86 91 97 105 111 117 122 126 123 127 112 118 98 99 106 113 92 93 68 75 80 87 81 69 57 58 36 37 45 49 38 39 40 28 32 41 46 29 33 42 47 50 59 60 65 70 71 77 82 88 94 89 83 72 51 30 34 43 98 "Romanian Rhapsodies" composer 99 Bad blood 100 Female counselor 101 Antiquity, once 102 Like some ponds 108 Van ___ of "Timecop" 110 Ones with fictional accounts 112 "Small" prefix 113 Far from aerodynamic 114 Williams of the Temptations 115 With 84-Down, a Pac12 team 116 "Big" prefix 118 Beach souvenir? 120 Year Claudius I became emperor 121 Course list abbr. Go to. com and look under extras for the answers to this week's puzzle. Don't think of it as cheating. Think of it more as simply double-checking your answers. 52 61 66 62 53 54 55 64 73 78 84 90 95 96 104 109 110 115 116 121 125 129 85 W E E K ' S F R A I L P I G S A T A Y A N S W E R S O G E E S O L O R E D S O E A N T L A T S O R I M A S L O L L S E I A L M P M I D N I G H T S A U N A A P P D O I A R N A G H T R I A O T O H E F M B P E E E N A R D S I T S N I K A G R A N N A G E A S I A L A R R S P O N E D I T H N E A R E D D O T E S E D S E L S 76 100 107 101 102 108 103 114 119 124 128 120 O P T S T H E U D T I A R I T R E S T R E S A H O Y E L I S L A N D D M V I A D E N N A V R E R A I L C O I A M T W A S V E S P Y D I E A D I N C A R D A N T O D A Y C L A T E F A E N E G I N N Y A M M E O N N T S N S U P G Y 32 | AUGUST 8�14, FOR SALE BW FOR SALE BEEF, GRASS-FED Raised on our small farm in Emmett. These two steers grazed contentedly on a two acre pasture. Supplemented with minimal grain for a leaner finish. No antibiotics or hormones were used. $3/ lb. hanging weight. Don's Meats in Emmett will talk you through a cut order to your specifications and call you to pick up the wrapped frozen meat. Buy whole, half or quarter steers. Estimated weight for a whole steer is about 600 lbs. hanging weight. Victoria 631-4577. MEET SEXY SINGLES Reply to Ads FREE! Straight 208345-8855. Gay/Bi 208-472-2200. Use FREE Code 7760. Visit MegaMates.com, 18+. BW CHAT LINES ALL MALE HOT GAY HOOKUPS! Call FREE! 208-489-2162 or 800777-8000.. com 18+. EroticEncounters.com Where Hot Girls Share their private fantasies! Instant Connections. Fast & Easy. Mutual Satisfaction Guaranteed. Exchange messages, Talk live 24/7, Private 1-on-1. Give in to Temptation, call now 1-888-700-8511. HOT Guys! HOT Chat! HOT Fun! Try FREE! Call 888-779-2789.+. PLACE AN AD B OISE W E E KLY A.D. BLISS Did you get Bible? If so, WWJD? Call me!. Looking for a sugar momma! Has to be at least 25-45 that would love to write a 5'7" nice looking man. Love to hear from you! Sam Strunk #65731 15A/66B ISCI PO Box 14 Boise, ID 83707. SM, 33, looking for pen pals. Been down for 2.5 years out of 5. I'm down to earth, honest and loyal. Looking for spontaneous outgoing woman to hang out with and get to know. Curtis Sexton #93195 Unit 15A-42B ISCI PO Box 14 Boise, ID 83707. SWM, 6' and 170 lbs., long brown hair and blue eyes. ISO SWF to share friendship. I'm a sincere funny guy who loves life. If you are interested in meeting a new friend, drop me a line. I will not disappoint you. Russell Lonn 95A6949 Shawanqunk PO Box 700 Wall Kill, NY 12589. Jesus Christ is lord. SWM ISO F for friendship/relationship. Thomas Chew #99212 Unit 24 PO Box 14 Boise, ID 83707. SWM, 52, blue eyes, brown hair, 195 lbs., WM in prison. I am a happily gay man who has no disease and has been abstinent the entire time in prison. Dennis Abbott #21214 MA-51A PO Box 14 Boise, ID 83707. I'm 29 yrs. Old and I am looking for pen pals to write. I have blue eyes, brown hair and am 6'1". Kyle Day #67383 Unit 24A-21A PO Box 14 Boise, ID 83707. Lonely, Native inmate, 35, looking for friends. Christee Johnson LE#1045658 Ada County Jail 7210 Barrister Dr. Boise, ID 83704. SWM, incarcerated for D.U.I. seeking SWF for pen pal companionship. I am 46, with blonde hair, blue eyes and good looks. I have lots to give and offer and am very emotionally supportive. Have some fun with me. James Moen #24123 SICI N.O.E. 23 PO Box 8509 Boise, ID 83707. I need help to pass the time in this weird county. Hispania and bisexual. Kaila Martinez #89787 200 Courthouse Way Rigby, ID 83442. Firecracker, 30, looking for friends. Patricia Hull LE# 689683 Ada County Jail 7210 Barrister Dr. Boise, ID 83704. Brown eyed girl, 33, looking for friends. Charee Nelson #78332 SBWCC 13200 S. Pleasant Valley Rd. Kuna, ID 83636. Date: Jul 06 2012 CLERK OF THE COURT By Deirdre Price Deputy Clerk Pub. July 18, 25, Aug. 1 & 8, 2012. FREE ON-LINE CLASSIFIED ADS Place your FREE on-line classifieds at. It's easy! Just click on "Post Your FREE Ad." No calls please. DRINK HERE Idaho, has been filed in the District Court in ADA County, Idaho. The name will change to Jennifer Rae Taylor. The reason for the change in name is: because I divorced my spouse. A hearing on the petition is scheduled for 1:30 o'clock p.m. on (date) August 30, 2012 at the ADA County Courthouse. Objections may be filed by any person who can show the court a good reason against the name change. ADULT CO N NEC T ION SE CT ION BW ENTERTAINMENT HOT GAY & BI LOCALS Browse & Respond FREE! 208472-2200. Use FREE Code 5914, 18+. WHERE SINGLES MEET Listen to Ads FREE! 208-345-8855. Use FREE Code 7759, 18+. BW KISSES. SERVICES - HOME CONNECTION SECTION - ENTERTAINMENT EAT HERE EAT HERE WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly C L A S S I F I E D S | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 33 BW IN DISTRICT COURT OF THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT OF THE STATE OF IDAHO, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF ADA WINDSTREAM HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, INC, an Idaho Nonprofit Corporation, Plaintiff, v. CRAIG MARTIN, an individual, Defendant. Case No. CV OC 1210263 SUMMONS NOTICE: YOU HAVE BEEN SUED BY THE ABOVE-NAMED PLAINTIFF. THE COURT MAY ENTER JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE UNLESS YOU RESPOND WITHIN 20 DAYS. READ THE INFORMATION BELOW. TO: DEFENDANT, CRAIG MARTIN Plaintiff compliance with Rule 10(a)(1) and other Idaho Rules of Civil Procedure and shall also include: 1. The title and number 06 day of June, 2012. CHRISTOPHER D. RICH CLERK OF THE DISTRICT COURT By Jeri Heaton Deputy Clerk Pub. July 25, August 1, 8 &15, 2012. SUMMONS CASE NO.CVOC1108168 IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT OF THE STATE OF IDAHO, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF ADA PALOUSE SUB. TOWNHOUSES, INC. (THE), a Idaho Nonprofit Corporation, Plaintiff -vs- GENEVIEVE A. EVANS, an individual, Defendant. NOTICE YOU HAVE BEEN SUED BY THE ABOVE-NAMES PLAINTIFF. THE COURT MAY ENTER JUDGMENT AGAINST YOU WITHOUT FURTHER NOTICE UNLESS YOU RESPOND WITHIN 20 DAYS READ THE INFORMATION BELOW. TO: DEFENDANT, GENEVIEVE A. EVANS You are hereby notified that in order to defend the lawsuit, an appropriate written response must be filed with the above designated court within twenty (20) days after service of this Summons on you. If you fail to so respond, the court may enter judgment against you as demanded by Plaintiff 27th day of April, 2011. Christopher D. Rich, Clerk of the District Court, by Patricia A. Dwonch, Deputy Clerk Shane O. Bengoechea, ISB#2945, BENGOECHEA LAW OFFICE, PLLC, 671 E. Riverpark Ln., Suite 120, Boise, ID 83706, Tel: 208-424-8332, Attorney for Plaintiff Pub. July 25, August 1, 8, & 15, 2012. IN THE DISTRICT COURT FOR THE 4TH JUDICIAL DISTRICT FOR THE STATE OF IDAHO, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF ADA IN RE: Victor Raul Olivarez Case No. CV NC 1211312 NOTICE OF HEARING ON NAME CHANGE (Minor) A Petition to change the name of Victor Raul Olivarez, a minor, now residing in the City of Boise, State of Idaho, has been filed in the District Court in Ada County, Idaho. The name will change to Victor Raul Vasquez. The reason for the change in name is: I want my children to have the same last name. A hearing on the petition is scheduled for 1:30 o'clock p.m. on Sept. 6, 2012 at the Ada County Courthouse. Objections may be filed by any person who can show a good reason against the name change. Date Jul 06, 2012 CLERK OF THE DISTRICT COURT By: DEIRDRE PRICE DEPUTY CLERK Pub. August 1, 8, 15 & 22, 2012. SUMMONS Case No. CV-OC 1008026 IN THE DISTRICT COURT OF THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT OF THE STATE OF IDAHO, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF ADA. Noel Jay Whiteley Plaintiff, vs. Shawna Scott, I.S.C.I.; Jacob Sackett, I.S.C.I.; Matt Vallard, I.S.C.I.; Sterling Mathis, I.M.S.I.; Michael Johnson, I.M.S.I., Defendants. Notice you have been sued by the above named Plaintiff, the court may enter judgment against you without further notice unless you respond within 20 days. Read the information below; TO: DEFENDANT, STERLING MATHIS You are hereby notified that in order to defend the lawsuit, an appropriate written response must be filed with the above designated court, any time after 20 days following the last publication of this summons, the court may enter judgment against you with out further notice, unless prior to that time you have filed a written response in the proper form, including Case No. CV-OC 1008026. A copy of the complaint is served with this summons. If you wish to seek the advise or representation by an attorney in this matter, you should do so promptly so that your written response, if any, may be filed in time and other legal rights protected. An appropriate written response required the plaintiff as designated below. To determine whether you must pay a filing fee with your response, contact the clerk of the above named court. A copy of the summons and complaint can be obtained by contacting either the Clerk of the Court or Plaintiff listed below. DATED this 16th day of July 2012. Christopher D. Rich, Clerk of the District Court, by Janet L. Ellis ADA County Courthouse, 200 W. Front ST., Boise, IDAHO 83702 Plaintiff Noel Jay Whiteley, 45869 I.S.C.I. 11-A-6-A PO Box 14, Boise IDAHO 83707 Pub. August 8, 15, 22 & 29, 2012. IN THE DISTRICT COURT FOR THE FOURTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT FOR THE STATE OF IDAHO, IN AND FOR THE COUNTY OF ADA IN RE: GUILLERMO NAVARRO Case No. CV NC 1213055 NOTICE OF HEARING ON NAME CHANGE (Adult) A Petition to change the name of Guillermo Navarro, now residing in the City of Boise, State of Idaho, has been filed in the District Court in Ada County, Idaho. The name will change to Guillermo William Navarro. The reason for the change in name is: I only have a first name. I am adding a middle name. A hearing on the petition is scheduled for 1:30 o'clock p.m. on September 20, 2012 at the Ada County Courthouse. Objections may be filed by any person who can show the court a good reason against the name change. Date: Jul 31 2012 CLERK OF THE DISTRICT COURT BY: DEIRDRE PRICE Deputy Clerk Pub. August 8, 15, 22 & 29, 2012. FREE WILL ASTROLOGY. VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): "And if nothing is repeated in the same way," said. If you are among the 75 percent who are confident you've found your vocation, the next six weeks will be'll be surprised at the boost you get from imagining yourself in a different body and era. AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): The Italian mattress company Sogniflex has created a bed with features designed to facilitate love-making. It has straps and handles, plus a trench that helps you get better traction. The extrastrong springs produce an exceptional bouncing action. You might consider buying one for yourself. The astrological omens suggest it's time to play with more intensity in the intimate clinches. You could also try to: Upgrade your licking and sucking skills. Cultivate your ability to listen receptively. Deepen your sincere appreciation for what's beautiful about anyone you're attracted to. results by experimenting with being something you're not. Going against the flow of your customary tendencies might tweak you in just the right way-- giving you an exotic grace and wild depth when you ultimately return to the path you were born to tread. PETS BW PETS LOST DOG IN ATLANTA Missing a Vivsla named Tyson. Reddish gold, with tags. Last seen Atlanta Idaho. Karma 3445451 or 871-4146. THE BEST CAT, EVER FOR FREE He is the best cat, ever. 1.5 years old long haired. Favorite toy is the Nerf gun darts, neutered, micro-chipped, litter box trained. Please contact me if you or someone you know is interested ASAP! Only serious people. 831512-4463. 34 | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | BOISEweekly C L A S S I F I E D S WWW. B O I S E WE E KLY. C O M WWW. B OISEWEEKLY.C O M BOISEweekly | AUGUST 8�14, 2012 | 35Quote:Windows build that works for me here and here for the plugin.
Hopefully next time with Confluence-PVR included
BluScrnOdeth Wrote:I was always thinking that it would be pretty cool if you could create your own channels as well. So that you could create your own movie channel with the movies that you have (based on genre or something) and then you could have a podcast channel or something. It would randomly choose a movie to display on the guide and if you can't find anything on tv, you could just scroll down to your custom channel and select a movie or podcast and either decide to watch from the beginning or start where it would be as if it were really being broadcasted.
mitsus Wrote:Hi,
currently i've the new SVN release of pvr-testing2 build on my HTPC, but about every 10-20 minutes it crashed!
I see into XBMC crash log a long lines of ffmpeg errors. Someone have my similar problems?
Below my crash log:
Best RegardsRonin
Your browser does not support iframes.
Perspective on different subjects
What Have I Been Saying
The Badlands
Blogs I Follow
Sites I frequent
- A Misbehaved History Maker A new friend’s website where she calls out corporations and government. Good girls never make history.
- Chiron Training (Psychology of Violence and How To Prepare) Rapidly becoming a favorite author, Rory has been a corrections facility guard, trainer and martial artist with a degree in Psychology.
-
- Inferus Viri mselves, to stand up for what they believe in, and to form their own opinions. People see what they want to see, and more often than not they intentionally avoid anything that will shatter the illusions that been woven around their life in to protect them
- J.P Morgan's "Fly Over Feedback" blog A good read from Middle America
- Mark's Daily Apple A fitness lifestyle that challenges conventional wisdom that I am taking part in, called the Primal Blueprint
- Rdella Training Fitness blog and podcast I love.
- Strong First Pavel’s new endeavor, everything strength related.
Find My Past Thoughts
Ronin/Abyss Press
Twitter Growls
- My brain goes to weird places roninsjourney.wordpress.com/2015/05/19/pro… fb.me/7iLXXJ4o3 2 days ago
- People make me…think. Particularly a guy at work when we get into theological discussions. This leads to either... fb.me/6DXfep9mR 2 days ago
- Protection, Temptation, and Farming? wp.me/p19VLV-PQ 2 days ago
- Thanks for the Like, Ron 3 days ago
- fb.me/4aESw1U7u 3 days ago
- 3 of 5 stars to The Enneagram by Richard Rohr goodreads.com/review/show/12… 3 days ago
- I’m Shrinking! Six Week Assessment wp.me/p19VLV-PU 3 days ago
- Thanks for the Like, Angerlo! 5 days ago
- Looked over my journal insights earlier, decided nothing could come from the patchwork of thoughts. Then... fb.me/6CHFDoWxv 6 days ago
- Most of the time I have three things on my mind as I go through life, love God, love others as I love myself, and... fb.me/7xYRLuKrU 1 week ago
Visitors
- 50,513 views
-
Past Thoughts
- May 2015 (4)
- April 2015 (5)
- March 2015 (6)
- February 2015 (5)
- January 2015 (5)
- December 2014 (5)
- November 2014 (4)
- October 2014 (4)
- September 2014 (6)
- August 2014 (5)
- July 2014 (6)
- June 2014 (7)
- May 2014 (6)
- April 2014 (5)
- March 2014 (9)
- February 2014 (5)
- January 2014 (10)
- December 2013 (9)
- November 2013 (11)
- October 2013 (5)
- September 2013 (2)
- August 2013 (2)
- July 2013 (6)
- June 2013 (13)
- May 2013 (5)
- April 2013 (8)
- March 2013 (17)
- February 2013 (11)
- January 2013 (20)
- December 2012 (8)
- November 2012 (9)
- October 2012 (15)
- September 2012 (21)
- August 2012 (15)
- July 2012 (15)
- June 2012 (7)
- May 2012 (10)
- April 2012 (8)
- March 2012 (1)
- February 2012 (20)
- January 2012 (23)
- December 2011 (11)
- November 2011 (24)
- October 2011 (21)
- September 2011 (10)
- August 2011 (13)
- July 2011 (19)
- June 2011 (22)
- May 2011 (22)
- April 2011 (21)
- March 2011 (23)
- February 2011 (20)
- January 2011 (23)
- December 2010 (26)
- November 2010 (24)
- October 2010 (9)
Where are the Wolves At?
Goodreads
- © Vance Gatlin II and Ronin's Journey, 2010-2015. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Vance Gatlin II and Ronin's Journey with appropriate and specific direction to the original content.
-
Category Archives: Local Government
Libertarian Party Replies to the State Of The Union
Posted in Activism, Current Events, Government, Life, Local Government, Philosophy, Politics, State
Tagged activism, Barack Obama, Current Events, Democrats, Freedom, Government, independence, Libertarian, Politics, Republican
Senate Bills 65 to 93, School Choice, Improving Education, Capital Punishment, Statute of Limitations for Pedophiles and Active Shooters in Schools
You.
Posted in Activism, Commentary, Current Events, Government, Local Government, News, Politics, State
Tagged Active Shooters in Schools, activism, Capital punishment, commentary, Current Events, Democrats, Education, Government, Improving Education, Libertarian, News, Opinion, Politics, Republican, School Choice, School district, Statute of Limitations for Pedophiles
Senate Bill 2 to 13; Voter I.D, College Millage Increases, Taxes, Disasters, Sex Offenders and Telling PeTA To Back Off
Now election official when appearing to vote in person either early or at the polls on election day; or
(B) When voting by mail, submit with the ballot a copy of a current and valid photo identification or a copy of a current utility bill, bank statement, government check, paycheck, or other government document that shows the name and address of the voter.
(2)(A) A person who is a resident of a licensed nursing home, licensed residential care facility, licensed assisted-living facility, or any licensed facility that provides long-term medical or personal care is not required to provide proof of identity before voting.
(B) A person not required to provide proof of identity under subdivision (d)(2)(A) of this section shall provide documentation from the administrator of the facility attesting that the person is a resident of the facility.
And if you don’t have ID it will be noted and you’ll be given a provisional ballot and will be counted when; and the voter has not been challenged or required to vote a provisional ballot for any other reason. Now I like this idea, since I have to show an ID to buy a gun, and politicians send people to war to kill and die all the time, and coerce and threaten violence on the voter and non-voter alike. It’s not something to be taken lightly.
- SB4 deals with special elections for millage increases, with the paperwork provided by the Board of Elections for that county and the college foots the bill for the election.
- SB5 is short. Here:
SECTION 1. Arkansas Code § 26-61-103 is amended to read as follows:
26-61-103. Levy of tax.
There is levied on all timberlands in this state an annual tax of fifteen cents (15¢) twenty cents (20¢) per acre to be collected in the manner provided in under this chapter for deposit into the State Treasury for credit to the State Forestry Fund as special revenues to be used for the maintenance, operation, and improvement of the Arkansas Forestry Commission in its statewide program for the detection, prevention, and suppression of forest fires.
- SB10 is now Act 4 and appropriates $10,000,000.00 for Disaster Assistance Grants.
- SB12 prohibits Level 3 and 4 sex offenders from being around kids at the pool or playground. My question is how would you know?
- SB13 keeps you from being investigated by PeTA or the Humane Society.5-62-128. Improper animal investigation.
(a).
(b) A person who is convicted under this section also shall be liable for a civil penalty of five thousand dollars ($5,000) per incident as well as the loss of any state-issued license to operate.
These were the biggest Bills I wanted to highlight due to the large number of Bills filed now. The Legislature would be out of session by the time I was done.
Posted in Activism, Commentary, Current Events, Government, Local Government, News, Politics, State
Tagged Arkansas, Arkansas Senate, College Millage Increases, Democrat, Disasters, Identity document, Libertarian, Politics, Property tax, Republican, Sex Offenders, State Treasury, Taxes, Voter ID laws (United States)
Arkansas House Bills 1032-1044; Unemployment, Guns, Going Green, Abortion, Fluoride, Taxes, Charter Schools, Budget, Eminent Domain and More.
Last?
Posted in Activism, Commentary, Current Events, Government, Local Government, News, Politics, State
Tagged Abortion, activism, Arkansas, Budget, Charter school, Charter Schools, commentary, Current Events, Democrats, Denny Altes, Education, Eminent domain, Fiscal year, Fluoride, Going Green, Government, Guns, Libertarian, Opinion, Politics, Republican, Taxes, UnemploymentBest Answer webguru36 , 28 March 2013 - 08:40 PM
sorry for the delayed reply.
Everything is working again.
So what happened? I had the site set up on a subdomain. The "real" site was mirroring the subdomain. For some reason the icons looked fine on the subdomain but not the mirroring "real" domain (FF and IE browsers only). I got rid of the subdomain. Moved the site files over to the "real" domain folder. Everything works great. Just thought I'd document what happened in case anyone was curious.Go to the full post
It’s happened: you’ve met that person you want to spend the rest of your life with, or perhaps you are just meeting up for coffee and a movie. You meet a lot of people here on campus, and it’s a place where many new relationships form. Hopefully these relationships will turn out wonderfully. Unfortunately, not all relationships are so great. October was domestic violence awareness month. Now that October has passed, you shouldn’t forget how important a healthy relationship is.
Because of misconceptions about domestic violence, many people have trouble recognizing what is, or may become, a violent relationship. There are warning signs. Does your partner ever belittle you in front of your friends and family, or call your ideas or goals stupid? Does your partner say that you are nothing without them, or try to prevent your own activities? Does your partner ever treat you roughly, even in small ways such as grabbing or pinching? Do they make you account for the money you spend? Do they pressure you to have sex when you don’t want to? Do they ever threaten to hurt you or themselves?
These are all signs of a violent and unhealthy relationship. Unlike a healthy relationship based on mutual respect and an equal partnership, an unhealthy relationship is based on the power and control one partner exerts over the other.
In a healthy relationship, the people involved respect each other. They each understand that the other person is an individual, accepting and respecting each other’s differences of opinions. They trust one another and expect honesty. Good communication is key. They explain when something is wrong and appreciate the good things the other person has done.
Unhealthy relationships are not always abusive. However, they still result in a lot of bad feelings. If someone is disrespecting the person they’re with, extremely jealous or suspicious, these are elements of an unhealthy relationship. Please consider how you and your partner treat each other. Are you honest with each other? Do you trust one another? Do you try to solve disagreements without insulting each other? Everyone deserves respect and equality in their relationships.
If you think you are in an unhealthy relationship, you should consider accessing some resources on and near campus to see what assistance they can give you. If you think you are in a violent relationship, or if you are being abused, you need to get out now. Abuse does not go away, it is not caused by temporary stress, drug problems or mental illness. It is never the victim’s fault. Domestic violence is not a “loss of control,” it is a deliberate way to take control over someone. Batterers use violence to have power over an intimate partner. If you are being abused, you need to leave that relationship now for your own sake.
UMaine Public Safety: 581-4040
Safe Campus Project: 581-2515 or
UMaine Counseling Center: 581-1392
Betsey Pinkham is the vice president for Students for a Safe Campus.One of Van Wagner’s newest markets, Philadelphia is now home to large format opportunities focused on arterial highways as well spectacular signage in the heart of the city. Philadelphia is the nation's fourth-largest consumer market, and the fifth most populous city in the United States. Rich in history, Philadelphia is, a contemporary and growing market, critical to the financial, insurance and medical research sectors.According.
Three Key Issues
Sorting this out, there are three important issues:
(1) Is science under attack?
(2) Are scientists under attack? and
(3) Who is doing the attacking?
The third questions is by far the most interesting, but let us first dispose of questions one and two.
Is Science Under Attack?
To question one, the answer is of course it is. That’s how science works. One of the simplest explanations of this is often used by Martin Hertzberg, a retired Navy meteorologist with a PhD in physical chemistry-–in other words, a real scientist. He writes:
The difference between a scientist and propagandist is clear. If a scientist has a theory, he searches diligently for data that might contradict it so that he can test it further or refine it. The propagandist carefully selects only the data that agrees with his theory and dutifully ignores any that contradicts it. The global warming alarmists don’t even bother with data! All they have are half-baked computer models that are totally out of touch with reality and have already been proven to be false.
Science is always under attack, and the best science is under attack by the very scientists who construct the hypotheses at issue. Sadly, this is not what is generally going on with climate change.
To help our climate science friends, which would include anyone who worked on the IPCC Work Group I report, here are just two hypotheses that they might wish to diligently examine:
If the IPCC scientists were able to falsify either of these, then the entire basis for alarmism about climate change would fall apart, as these are the “fundamental” climate science about which Dr. Waldrop is so concerned.
There is some hope, however. After being bludgeoned by criticism and demands for data from scientists outside his personal circle of climate alarmists, and apparently a scientist within his own offices who released the now infamous Climategate emails, Dr. Phil Jones, director of the Climate Research Institute at East Anglia University, and IPCC scion, has admitted the following (as summarized by Indur Goklany): Pennsylvania State University,.
Now, as to those who are not under attack but should be. These are often individuals who have reached emeritus status and are “too big to fail”, one supposes. Let me offer but one example, Professor Steven Schneider. He served as a climate researcher for the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder, Colorado for two decades and is one of the most ardent advocates of the Global Warming Theory. He joined the faculty of Stanford University in 1991 and remains there today. He has stated the following:
Schneider is a Hertzberg propagandist. He and his fellow travelers should be the focus of intense examination as they seek to deflect debate away from the science itself. I don’t, however, see the bastions of science, including the National Academy, cleaning up its own messes. These supposed leaders of science have the rostrum and they are not going to give it up. They control the science purse strings, access to journals, and most of the lay press. They are the emperors without clothing.
These propagandists are not to be confused with the majority of scientists who have no political agenda and who simply want to be scientists. These are often the scientists who are under attack and should not be. Among them are Richard Lindzen, MIT, Roger Pielke, Sr., University of Colorado – Boulder, and John Christy, UAH. These people refuse to go beyond where observation takes them. They are under attack because they refuse to participate in the propaganda campaigns.
Who’s Doing the Attacking?
Now for the fascinating question, who is attacking the “settled science”? The answer reflects an entirely new paradigm.
In the past, adversarial science most often played out in the courts. A perfect recent example is found in the recent matter of Native Ecosystems Council v. Tidwell. The court held that government scientists were arbitrary and capricious in their decision-making because they relied on models instead of actual observation. Specifically, the Forest Service attempted to claim that a 40,000 acre area of sagebrush was a breeding ground for the sage grouse, even though they had diligently looked for these birds and had not been able to find either one bird or one breeding site in over 15 years. Nevertheless, the government scientists claimed that their habitat model suggested that it should be a breeding ground and thus it was one and thus it demanded protection. As the court stated, that “just doesn’t cut it.”
Notably, in dissent, one judge was prepared to rely on the authority of the government instead of the science itself. That is, of course, the crux of the problem. It is time to get past “authority” and get to the science, and that is the new paradigm.
Propagandists like Steve Schneider loudly argue that the “deniers” or “skeptics” should be disregarded. To him the debate should be within the scientific community. The skeptics aren’t scientists but shills for Big Oil. Even Nature editor Waldrop proclaims that “the IPCC error [regarding glaciers] was originally caught by scientists, not skeptics”. (Brit. Spelling).
Schneider and Waldrop are wrong. There is a new breed of scientist in this fray, and they don’t take money from Big Oil (or little oil), and they publish in the peer-reviewed literature and they are not afraid of big data sets or complex computer code. I call them the “mad-as- hell, won’t-take-it-anymore” scientists.
Who are These Guys?
In the main, these are the now retired baby-boomers who have nothing better to do with their time than apply their considerable skills in attempting to replicate or falsify climate alarmism science. Steve McIntyre, working with Ross McKitrick, destroyed Michael Mann’s infamous “hockey stick”, and in the process demonstrated that data does exist to show that natural causes can result in temperatures higher than what we observed in the 1990’s.
McIntyre continues to seek the data underlying the IPCC reports. Although McIntyre and McKitrick publish in the peer-reviewed literature, their work on the Internet at Climate Audit has been the more powerful driver for scientific openness and honest analysis. They put science on open display in a manner that allows others to replicate or critique their work. Others of this ilk are Ken Stewart, Anthony Watts, S. Fred Singer, Frederick Seitz, Chauncey Starr, and the father of the Gaia theory, James Lovelock.
Lovelock, the 90-year-old British scientist, who has worked for NASA and paved the way for the detection of man-made aerosol and refrigerant gases in the atmosphere, called for greater caution in climate research. Reflecting on the current status of climate science, Lovelock makes the pithy point that “quite often, observations done by hand are accurate but all the theoretical stuff in between tends to be very dodgy and I think they are seeing this with climate change.”
Conclusion
So, what would a real scientist do? Perhaps they should look backward to see what their retired parents are doing and try to do as well. Bit embarrassing when the old man or old woman takes the children to task for abandoning the touch stone of science. Happily, until they are dead, it looks like the grey-haired old biddies are going to look askance at their propaganda progeny.
David W. Schnare, Esq. Ph.D., is director of the Center for Environmental Stewardship, Thomas Jefferson Institute for Public Policy. For more biographical information on Dr. Schnare, see here.
17 CommentsHi all, I am using USRP N210 and GRC. I have a question over changing a USRP parameter using a slider in GRC. If I want to change the TX frequency from 2GHz to 4GHz using a slider, as we know, during this process, the slider would experience many in-between values, such as 2.1, 3, 3.55, 3.888 and so on, how USRP would react to these in-between values? Is there some mechanism to prevent the USRP from overloaded if I move the slider very fast? Should the slider value hold on for some time before sending the value to USRP? Thanks, Baokun
on 2013-10-09 23:16
on 2013-10-10 10:05
On Wed, Oct 09, 2013 at 05:15:04PM -0400, Baokun Liu wrote: > hold on for some time before sending the value to USRP? Hi Baokun, haven't checked this, but are you sure the event doesn't get triggered once you let go of the slider? At least that's what I thought would-10-10 15:55
Thanks, Martin. In fact, the event would be triggered as imagined. I want to know whether each in-between value during moving the slider would be sent to USRP, and the USRP would react to each value? Does the value have to hold on for some time before the event is triggered? Thanks, Baokun
on 2013-10-10 17:03
It sounds like when you say "in between" you mean the period of time from when the user stop dragging the slider and the next time they stop dragging the slider. In general, when people ask this question the area of focus is the period of time when they are dragging the slider. John
on 2013-10-10 18:43
Trying to figure that out, I went and had a look at the source code of the wxgui slider. In fact, it had a demo mode that could be accessed when just calling the python file as main: $python gr-wxgui/python/wxgui/slider.py However, that was broken, so I fixed it; pull request against master has been sent. Using the repaired demo I was able to find out that intermediate values are given at random intermediate points, so changing a slider from its minimum to its maximum as fast as possible yields a (seemingly) random selection of values in between. Greetings, Mar.MONTREAL (AP) --?
- Sports & Recreation
- Ice Hockey
- NHL
- MontrealHERSHEY, Pa. – David Leggio stopped all 44 shots he faced to set a new season high for saves in a game, John Mitchell scored two goals and the Hershey Bears rode all of that to a 4-0 blanking of the Worcester Sharks on Sunday evening at GIANT Center.
The Bears battled and grabbed the game's first goal with 55.1 seconds remaining in the period. David Kolomatis started the play by dumping the puck behind the net, where Peter LeBlanc went to work along the boards. The puck slid out of a pile and right toward an uncovered Josh Brittain stationed at the net front. Brittain backhanded a chip shot over the arm of goaltender Harri Sateri for a 1-0 lead.
Hershey padded their lead with an early strike in the second frame. Nathan Walker carried the puck behind the Worcester net, and made a short pass to Mitchell. The big winger was allowed three chops at the puck, and the third found its way past Sateri at 3:35.
Buoyed by a two-man disadvantage penalty kill in the middle frame and 22 saves in the period from Leggio, the Bears jumped out in the third and grabbed a 3-0 lead. Brandon Segal made a hard pass from the right corner, right onto the tape of Nicolas Deschamps who was stationed at the net front. The puck deflected perfectly over Sateri at 1:41.
While working a late third-period power play, the Sharks pulled Sateri for a sixth attacker with well over three minutes left in the game. Matt Watkins took the puck in the defensive zone and sent a pass along the left boards for Mitchell, who promptly fired a long-range shot into the empty net at 16:30 to round out the scoring.
Leggio improved to 7-8-2 on the season, while Sateri made 30 saves and fell to 6-9-1.
With the win, the Bears move into fourth place in the East Division and into ninth place in the Eastern Conference, moving past idle Syracuse and Adirondack.
The Bears return to action the day after Christmas, heading to the Southern Tier for a matchup with the Binghamton Senators at 7:05 PM at Broome County Veterans Memorial Arena.
Hershey returns home on Friday, December 27 for a 7:00 PM faceoff against the Syracuse Crunch.All Photos
143
0
Posted on
11-28-2012
Heavy Metal
by Ivystar
Posted on May 21, 2015
62 Views | 5 Likes 0 Comments
varios diseños
by elaine34
Posted on May 20, 2015
93 Views | 6 Likes 0 Comments
Granite Marble
by duchien
70 Views | 4 Likes 1 Comment
Pretty Pink
by LynnMKnapp
Posted on May 19, 2015
59 Views | 4 Likes 0 Comments
Daisy Nails
by BeautyIntact
Posted on May 17, 2015
194The Hoki (Macruronus novaezelandiae) is a deep water fish found in Pacific waters around New Zealand and Australia. While Hoki is an unfamiliar name to most Americans, thousands of Americans unknowingly eat this rather unattractive fish in popular fast food fish filet sandwiches, the McDonald’s “filet-o-fish” being the most well known.
The Hoki was once an abundant an seemingly sustainable fishery due to the species’ being a less popular source of white fish than Atlantic cod and Alaska pollock, however, when these stocks began showing signs of decline, companies such as McDonald’s saw Hoki as the next best thing. At the fishery’s height, McDonald’s alone was fishing up to 15 million pounds of hoki each year, however, this number is now down to 11 million pounds a year. Even at this lower rate, hoki is not sustainable, due in part to this high fishing pressure, compounded with the methods used for fishing. Because the hoki is fished during spawning season, the majority of the catch is sexually mature adults of which a large portion are pregnant females. By catching these reproducing individuals, the species is unable to reproduce at a rate fast enough to keep up with the catch rate. This has led to the Greenpeace organization placing the hoki on its seafood red list. The bottom trawling method used for fishing hoki has led to a destruction of their environment producing a bycatch that includes coral, sponges, marine mammals, sharks, and endangered sea birds.
Common foods made with Hoki:
McDonald’s Filet-o-Fish Sandwich and other fast food fish filet sandwiches- McDonald’s was the first fast food company to use the hoki on a large scale, however, many seafood chains and fast food restaurants have followed suite. McDonald’s only admits its use of hoki if you search deep into their website and look at the ingredients of their filet-o-fish sandwich. For you convenience, I’ve posted the link to the ingredients page in the first paragraph on this page.Return to Transcripts main page
ISSUES WITH JANE VELEZ-MITCHELL
Big Trouble for Josh Powell?
Aired September 9, 2010 - 19:00:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
JANE VELEZ-MITCHELL, HOST (voice-over): Tonight, horrifying new suspicions pile up in the desperate search for a missing Utah mother. Susan Powell vanished nine months ago. Her husband has been suspected from day one, but now even his own family is pointing the finger at him. Tonight, why is this brazen dad now creating an uproar at his kids` school? And heartbroken, desperate for answers, and searching for their son. Heart-wrenching developments in the never-ending hunt for little Kyron Horman. Today is little Kyron`s birthday, but he`s nowhere to be found. Tonight cops turn up the heat in their search for answers. Also, terror on campus. A beautiful college girl allegedly gang-raped inside a college dorm. This innocent freshman ended up killing herself after cops decided not to prosecute. Tonight, did the school ignore her pleas for help? I`ll talk one on one with Megan Wright`s devastated mother, who is now suing the college. Plus, outrageous allegations rip through Hollywood. Britney Spears accused of sexually harassing her bodyguard, and he claims she constantly exposed herself and had vigorous sex right in front of him and her children. You will not believe the jaw-dropping details. Is Britney a bad mother and a sex maniac? ISSUES starts now. (END VIDEOTAPE) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Tonight, a dramatic face-off brewing between a man at the center of suspicion in his wife`s disappearance and members of a school PTA. Josh Powell -- remember him? -- is a person of interest, because he was the last person to see his wife, Susan, alive before she vanished into thin air back in December. Two months later, Josh and their two young sons left Utah and drove 800 miles to live with Josh`s parents in Washington state. Josh is now sending one of his sons to a new school. And get this: Josh wants to join the PTA. Well, that is not sitting well with the other parents. They want nothing to do with him. One parent says Josh Powell gives him, quote, "the creeps." But good luck keeping Josh away, because he has never been charged with anything. The body of his wife has never turned up. Cops say he`s not cooperating, and they don`t buy his bizarre, bizarre story of going camping after midnight in the middle of a snowstorm with his two kids, and coming home to find Susan gone. ) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes, I bet you remember this case now. It`s all coming back to you, isn`t it? In another jaw-dropping twist, Josh`s own sister -- his own sister -- says she doesn`t believe him and understands exactly why the other parents are concerned. Josh`s lawyer, meantime, did not respond to our request for comment, but he and Josh, you guys are invited to appear on ISSUES anytime to tell your side of the story. I`m taking your calls on this: 1-877-JVM-SAYS. That`s 1-877-586-7297. Straight out to my fantastic expert panel, but first two well-known radio talk show hosts. Victoria Taft, who broadcasts from that part of the country. Victoria, tell us about this uproar caused by Josh Powell`s bid to join the local PTA. VICTORIA TAFT, RADIO TALK SHOW HOST: Well, this is basically a story of a man who wants to send his kids to school. It`s the oldest one. And the parents getting wind of the fact that he is now wanted or at least a person of interest in the disappearance of his wife, and they`re saying, "We don`t want this guy in our club." And they are doing everything they can to keep him out, including starting a petition to keep Josh Powell out of the PTA. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes, but they can`t do anything about it, because he hasn`t been charged with anything. And the PTA officials are saying, "Hey, if you just say, `No, you can`t join, you can`t be a member of our club,` that`s called discrimination," Victoria. TAFT: Well -- well, it certainly is, and of course, they -- he can come back and say that, but I`m thinking to myself, if this is a man with any sensibility in this issue, he might well understand... VELEZ-MITCHELL: Well... TAFT: ... why they wouldn`t want someone who is a person believed to be complicit in his wife`s disappearance and/or murder in their club. VELEZ-MITCHELL: OK. Well, the key problem with that statement, which was otherwise very good, Mike Brooks, is a person with any sensibility. I mean, who would do this to their own kids, put this -- put a scarlet letter on them? MIKE BROOKS, HLN LAW ENFORCEMENT ANALYST: That`s the keyword, Jane, sensibility. And we have not seen anything from this guy that makes sense. You know, the whole thing, with his camping trip, and then when he came back to a brand-new job, and he was late because he said he lost track of time. I`m not buying his story. But the problem is, Jane, he has not been arrested. He`s not been named a suspect. So basically, you know, how can they keep him out? VELEZ-MITCHELL: There`s an old saying: no body, no case. And it could apply here. As Mike Brooks just said, Josh raised a whole lot of eyebrows by claiming that, on the night his wife vanished, he decided to set out on a camping trip with his two young sons. You can see how young they are there. They`re toddlers, OK? And then he left after midnight in sub-freezing temperatures during a snowstorm. Listen to this. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) POWELL: I just went with the boys, was planning to do some s`mores in the morning, and then when we got home -- on the way home, I found out that people were worried about us, and we were missing. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes, that`s Josh Powell. Stranger yet, he claims he went on a camping trip late Sunday night, and then he doesn`t show up for work Monday morning. And he says, "I lost track of the days of the week." Who does that? I mean, I know it`s Thursday, and tomorrow`s Friday. Does anybody here not know that it`s Thursday? OK. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I know it`s Thursday, Jane. I`m with you, I have your back. VELEZ-MITCHELL: We all know it`s Thursday. BROOKS: I know tomorrow is Friday. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes. All right. So, I got to go to Debra Opri on this. You`ve covered so many of these high-profile cases. Why is nothing going on with this case? It appears to have reached a dead-end. DEBRA OPRI, FAMILY LAW ATTORNEY: Jane, you and I have had many conversations. I always admire you, because you never have a rush to judgment. You don`t go on television and convict people. What we have here is a man who went on a camping trip in God-awful weather on a winter night, or sometime in December. The wife came up missing the next day. And this is all circumstantial evidence. There`s not a body, but with Drew Peterson there wasn`t a body, either. So all I can tell you is continue to amass the information and the facts. He doesn`t appear to be the brightest lightbulb in the pack. And something will crack. I mean, he`s the father of that woman`s children, so I`m curious to see what the police are doing at this point in time. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Well, days after Susan vanished in December, Josh was asked about his two young sons. Check this out. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) POWELL: I was just going to go in and get my kids. You know, they`re... UNIDENTIFIED MALE: How are they doing? POWELL: They`ve been doing good. As far as I can tell. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: What do you tell them about their mom? POWELL: I haven`t told them anything. I mean, they`ve overheard stuff. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Here`s my big issue. This guy clearly has a scarlet letter on him. So now he`s passing on that dubious distinction to his poor kids. He could have let his son slip into school quietly without making a fuss, but no. He has to go and try to join the PTA. OK? Now his son may suffer from his father`s infamy. It`s terrible. TAFT: Isn`t it a grandiose move? VELEZ-MITCHELL: Huh? TAFT: It`s a grandiose move. This is just a guy who`s, like, "It`s all about me." Gee, I wonder how come it`s all about him all of a sudden. OPRI: No, it`s the perfect father routine. VELEZ-MITCHELL: What? The perfect father routine? TAFT: That`s right. OPRI: Yes. I mean, he joins the PTA to be a good father, you know, and he`s not living anywhere where the woman would be coming back to, you know. My gut instinct, when I heard about this case was it doesn`t make sense. If your wife has gone missing, wouldn`t it be sensible to stay where you are for when and if she shows up? VELEZ-MITCHELL: Exactly. OPRI: Unless you know what happened. But you can`t convict him. VELEZ-MITCHELL: All right. I`ve got to go to -- of course not. He hasn`t been charged. He`s invited on our show any time to tell his side of the story. OPRI: I hope you are wrong (ph). VELEZ-MITCHELL: Jovonna, you are the friend of both Susan and Josh. You were there, having dinner with them literally a couple of hours before -- you were the last person, aside from Josh, to see her alive. Is that correct, Jovonna? JOVONNA OWINGS, FRIEND: That`s correct, as far as I know, yes. VELEZ-MITCHELL: OK. Just reviewing this case, there`s so many disturbing things that have come up. Friends are saying that Josh was very controlling and wouldn`t let Susan have her own car key, that she had to ask permission from him to use the family car. Did you see Josh behaving in a controlling fashion toward Susan, Jovonna? OWINGS: I did not. I did not see that, but as I have had said in the past, my relationship with them was just beginning. It was just a few weeks old. So I had... VELEZ-MITCHELL: You had dinner with them. Did you notice anything strange that night whatsoever, looking back on it? OWINGS: No, actually I thought it was very nice. He was catering to her. He was serving her. He gave her a plate of food. He covered her with a blanket when she was a little chilled. You know, he was very nice to her. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Oh, well, that`s kind of interesting. Shelby Gifford, you`re the Cox family spokesperson. Could it be, in your opinion, that he might be trying to create that impression for a visitor with something else on the mind? Shelby, are you there? All right. Let me through that question out... (CROSSTALK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Everybody wants to get in on the question. Let me... TAFT: The answer is yes and no. BROOKS: It`s a good possibility, Jane, especially with a new person who -- a person who`s relatively new to them, doesn`t know their routine, has not had that much contact. It could have been a show, but the problem is -- and it`s just really bugging me -- there`s no evidence. That`s the problem. OPRI: Yes. It`s a blank screen. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes, well, let me say this. BROOKS: It really is. VELEZ-MITCHELL: When -- when police went into that house, they found a wet spot on the carpet with two fans blowing on it. And we`ve been waiting since December for the results to come back for them to tell us what they found in that wet carpet, you know? BROOKS: It doesn`t sound like they found anything. They would have known by now. They would have known by now. VELEZ-MITCHELL: All right. More on the disappearance of Susan Powell right on the other side of the break. Phone calls lining up. We`re going to take yours in a second: 1-877-JVM-SAYS. Next, a tragic milestone for the Horman family as the missing son`s case seems to be at a dead-end as he celebrates his 8th birthday while missing. But first Susan Powell`s husband, the last person to see her alive, sparking a huge controversy, trying to join a local PTA. Josh Powell has not been charged with anything, but parents say, "This guy gives us the creeps." (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)) POWELL: Any help to try to find her would -- would be appreciated. So really, that`s all. We just -- I mean, she`s somewhere. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: I know there was quite a huge effort out in the west desert looking for any sign of her. Is that where you were camping? POWELL: I just have to go get my boys. (END VIDEO CLIP) (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) POWELL: I -- I didn`t do anything. I mean, I -- I don`t know where she`s at. I don`t even know where to start looking. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Tonight a shocking development in the mysterious disappearance of Susan Powell, who vanished nine months ago. Susan`s husband, Josh, is making a bid for membership in his son`s PTA. One outraged parent says he will do whatever it takes to keep Josh away from his kids. And they`re even starting a petition drive to try to keep him out of the PTA. We just learned that tonight here on ISSUES. Meantime, Josh`s very own sister saying she totally gets why these parents are completely freaked out about this latest move. Julie in Massachusetts, your question or thought, ma`am? CALLER: Hi, Jane. I`m not sure how old his boys are, but do we know if the police ever interviewed the children? VELEZ-MITCHELL: Well, that`s an excellent question. And Shelby Gifford, you are a Cox family spokesperson, and that is the father of the missing woman. What are the ages of the children? And did cops interview them? SHELBY GIFFORD, COX FAMILY SPOKESPERSON (via phone): Charlie is 5. He`s the one who`s starting kindergarten at Carson Elementary in Puyallup. And Braden (ph) is 3. And in terms of what police have done as part of their investigation, if they`ve not disclosed it, I won`t disclose it, either. I`m sorry. I just can`t jeopardize the investigation. VELEZ-MITCHELL: So how are these kids reacting to this brouhaha over the PTA? I mean, isn`t it terribly selfish of Josh to do this, given that it might -- it might bring some infamy to his little son, who`s just trying to go to school. People point the finger and say, "Oh, your dad, nobody wants him to join the PTA." You know how kids are. GIFFORD: Well, that`s certainly something that concerns the Cox family. We`ve been trying to see the kids since April. We`ve been unable to see them. Josh has requested to only be contacted by e-mail. He doesn`t return the e-mails. He doesn`t allow the Coxes to see the children. And right now their legal hands are tied. They`ve been trying, and they`ll continue to try, going so far to just stopping by the house. But we don`t have any way to know how Charlie`s reacting to this, but it can`t be good. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Well, Debra Opri, you`re the family law expert. Don`t these grandparents have some legal rights to see their grandkids? OPRI: Yes, they do. In California, it`s the Troxel Law. The grandparents have certain rights, especially if the daughter is gone, dead, missing. It occurred to me on the break, Jane, that it is, in my opinion as a family law attorney, very easy for someone -- a family member, a blood relative -- to get child services involved and to get a psych evaluation, get a minor`s counsel attached to this child, and to proceed in a court hearing for custody and visitation rights for the grandparents. And that - - that evaluator will, in all likelihood, order a psych testing of him, and maybe the Pandora`s box will open. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Maybe they`ll find out he`s cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs? OPRI: Yes. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Josh`s sister, his own flesh and blood says she understands why PTA parents are creeped out by her brother. In fact, she`s reportedly said she`s convinced her brother is involved in Susan Powell`s disappearance. This sibling shocker conjures up memories of -- you remember him, Scott Peterson? Remember him? He`s on Death Row for the murder of his wife, Laci, and their unborn child. Scott`s own sister wrote a scathing tell-all book called "33 Reasons Why my Brother Scott Peterson is Guilty of Murder" and said she always -- well, she tried to support him in the beginning, but then she ultimately decided he did it, when she couldn`t ignore the reality anymore. Jovonna Owings, you are a friend. You try to be very objective, but do you ever wonder, "Hey, that story about camping in the middle of the night, something fishy about that story"? OWINGS: I have wondered about that. I know that when I left, he was aware that it was Sunday, and that Monday they did have to work. So that has always sounded a bit strange to me that he lost track of time and went out camping. VELEZ-MITCHELL: I know we have another caller on the phone. Ma`am, I forgot your name. My apologies. What`s your question or thought, quickly? CALLER: My name is Rebecca. I was wondering if they did a lie detector test on him? VELEZ-MITCHELL: Oh, good question. Mike Brooks. BROOKS: I don`t believe they did. I don`t believe that he submitted to a lie detector test. And that`s part of the things that law enforcement is saying that, basically, he has not been cooperating with them from the very beginning. VELEZ-MITCHELL: I`ve got to wonder what... OPRI: But that is voluntary. That is voluntary. BROOKS: It is, but it`s a great investigative tool. You always have to ask. OPRI: And it`s not -- but it`s not admissible in evidence anyway. BROOKS: But it`s a great investigative tool, period. VELEZ-MITCHELL: (UNINTELLIGIBLE) Thank you, fantastic panel. Next, an epidemic of violence sweeping across college campuses. A victim`s mother joins ISSUES to say her daughter committed suicide after being raped. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) DESIREE YOUNG, MOTHER OF KYRON: I pray a lot, and I look at tons of pictures of Kyron. It helps me get through the hard times. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Poor woman. Today is little Kyron`s eighth birthday. Tragically, no one knows where Kyron Horman is or even if he`s dead or alive. Kyron`s been missing for nearly 14 weeks. And still Kyron`s school has set aside a desk for him, and his dad has also enrolled him in soccer. And that`s not all. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) KAINE HORMAN, FATHER OF KYRON: School supplies are in a new backpack waiting for when he comes home. So we`re ready for that. The birthday stuff, we`ve both got parties arranged. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: But where does the investigation stand at this point? We saw a flurry of activity in the days after Kyron`s dad filed for divorce from Kyron`s step-mom, Terri Horman. She`s the one who was watching the boy when the child vanished. And her best friend, DeDe Spicher, was seen leaving the grand jury, but since then, zip, nada, nothing. Straight out to radio host Victoria Taft. Victoria, you`re in Portland. Is there frustration that this investigation appears to have stalled? TAFT: Well, you`re absolutely right, Jane. It looks like this investigation has stalled. They continue to use the manpower to investigate, chase down leads. And in the meantime, as you well know, as you`ve chronicled, we have a birthday party going on in two separate households, one today and one on Sunday, for Kyron Horman, who should be here for his eighth birthday and he`s not. Where is that kid? How come we don`t have any answers? What`s going on here? You know, and the thing is that really drives me nuts, Jane, is the fact that there`s so much dysfunction inside these families that are all involved in the upbringing of this child. And you know, at one point in time, I took a look around. And yes, I counted some of the marriage twice for each individual, but there were 13 marriages amongst all these people. The ex-husbands, the wives, I mean, you know, you know and I know that that sets the table to bring bad actors into the lives of these kids involved in this kind of dysfunctional family. And guess what? That`s what we believe happened here. Terri Horman, not a person of interest, but there we have it. We have somebody who is believed to be complicit in the disappearance of this kid. Week 14 tomorrow, what`s going on? Hundreds of thousands of dollars spent in an investigation, and you know what? D.A. and the Multnomah County sheriff`s office have clammed up. We called them today, could not get anyone to talk about the case. We have a -- like a press release of some sort, that goes out every single week. And do you realize, Jane, it has been the same verbiage for the last few weeks? They have not changed the press release. It`s just ridiculous. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Theresa in Florida, you`ve got a question. What is it? CALLER: Yes, Jane. I`ve been thinking about this, and can`t get it off my mind. Little Kyron cannot be found nowhere. I have not heard this from the press, the police or anywhere. I believe Terri sold little Kyron. I believe that`s what she was doing when all these pings came from that certain place. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Well, let me jump in, because we have very little time. Victoria, there has been this suspicion that perhaps the child is still alive and was sold into some kind of trafficking or to some family that was desperate for a child. TAFT: It certainly has been brought up. It`s not something we talk a lot about, but of course, as you know, Jane, because this is an issue about which you care deeply, Portland is a sex-slave trade Mecca. We have a -- we`re No. 1, we`re No. 1. Great. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Got to leave it right there. Thank you, Victoria. We`re going to stay on top of it. Up next, a woman raped and then she commits suicide. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: A beautiful, beautiful young co-ed commits suicide after a college party turns into a night from hell. Innocent young freshman Megan Wright was allegedly drugged and gang-raped in her college dorm. The stomach-churning surveillance video was obtained by ABC. There is Megan in the green tank top, stumbling down the hallway. She`s led in and out of a room by a slew of men. She believes she was raped by multiple men while others congregated and watched, at times even high-fiving. After this nightmare, her family says Megan did everything right, but charges were never filed. Listen to this from ABC`s "Nightline". (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) KELLY ROCCO, FRIEND OF MEGAN WRIGHT: I asked her how she felt. She said that there was blood in her underwear. We got up and we went to the hospital by my house, did a rape kit and her face was in so much pain as they were doing everything. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: So why were these men not prosecuted? Megan terrified that her attacker could still be on campus dropped out of school and fell into a deep depression. She eventually killed herself. Listen to this also from ABC`s "Nightline". (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) CYNTHIA MCGRATH, MOTHER OF MEGAN WRIGHT: I put my hand on something really warm, and it was a plastic bag, and it was her head in the plastic bed. Her head was in the plastic bag. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Now Megan`s brave mother is fighting for justice for her dead daughter. She wants colleges to take more responsibility and help victims of rape. We`re going to talk to her tonight right here on ISSUES. You know sexual assault is a huge problem at college campuses all across the country. It`s the latest battleground in the war on women. A shocking new investigation says one out of every four college women, one out of four, will be raped or sexually assaulted before they graduate. It`s outrageous. I want to welcome Megan`s mom, Cynthia McGrath. And Cindy, we know this is very difficult for you. Thank you for your courage to appear tonight. And she`s joined by her attorney and a friend of our show, Gloria Allred. Cindy, let`s start with asking you what your life has been like since your daughter tragically took her own life in the wake of this incident? MCGRATH: Well, I think everyone can understand that my life and the life of my son and Megan`s aunts and uncles, and everyone that loved her, has changed drastically. There`s -- VELEZ-MITCHELL: How so? MCGRATH: There`s an emptiness that will never be filled by anyone else. I feel truly blessed to have had Meg as long as I did, but I should have had so much more time with her. I watched her grow. It was just my son and Meg and myself, raising the two children, and I watched her go through all her stages. And just when you think that you have your beautiful young lady in front of you that`s beaming with confidence and ready to go forward with life. And you`re on another level with each other where you`re developing even more bonding and more friendship with each other on an adult level, and she was taken away. And I`ll never -- I look at her friends and co-workers that have daughters the same age, and nieces, and I am so happy for them. And I`m happy to see things go well with their lives, but I`m sad, because I -- I know how much my daughter had to live. I know how much she wanted to live. VELEZ-MITCHELL: I`m so sorry. I want to get into the facts of the case, because I want to give you an opportunity to explain all of this. One of the men accused of raping Megan was caught on the hallway surveillance camera. Here`s the video obtained. Reports claim one of these men at one point actually held up a note to the surveillance camera that was purportedly -- and I say purportedly written and signed by Megan, and purportedly said "I want to have sex." Police claim the handwriting appeared to match Megan`s and claim that`s one of the reasons they dropped the investigation, no charges were ever filed. In this video Megan doesn`t appear to be (INAUDIBLE) but she is stumbling and clearly inebriated. That note, in my opinion means nothing if she`s not in a state of mind where she`s capable of giving informed consent. Cynthia, do you believe your daughter was drugged by someone? I mean, what`s your reaction to all of that? MCGRATH: I definitely can tell you that in no way was my daughter in any shape to consent to anything. I think that`s apparent. Myself, yes, I do believe that there was a drug involved. I -- I -- I`m pretty certain of it. And my daughter felt that way. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Did she get tested at all. When she went to the hospital, did she get tested at all, like a blood test to see if she had been drugged? MCGRATH: Yes, but she was also informed there are things that can be put into your drink that you wouldn`t think would have the same effect as the heavier date rape drug, so to speak, that will leave your system upon the first urine or shortly thereafter, which I was never even aware of prior to this happening. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Now, let me jump in so that we can -- so much ground we want to cover here. Megan`s school, Dominican College, declined to come on our show. They did send us a statement, they say, quote, "An internal College investigation of the events of May 6 and May 7 2006 commenced immediately upon Megan`s May 8 2006 report to the College and continued after the residence halls closed on May 12, 2006. In addition to conducting its own investigation, College administrators encouraged Megan to make a report with the local police immediately. They also provided her with contacts to internal and external counseling services as well as an opportunity for her to delay taking her final exams scheduled for that week for several months." Gloria Allred, you`re the attorney for the mother here. The school says they handled the situation appropriately. Your reaction to that. GLORIA ALLRED, ATTORNEY FOR CINDY MCGRATH: Well, absolutely, we allege that they did not handle it appropriately, and that is why we are suing under Title IX, also alleging negligence and other causes of action. For example, we allege that she immediately went to the hospital, had the rape exam. The nurse found trauma to the genital area, she reported it to the school the next day, that they did not conduct an independent, a fair, a thorough investigation that they are required to conduct under the law. They did refer her to a police officer on the -- in the police department, a detective whom they did not disclose until much later, we found, that he was on the payroll of the college. We allege that they did not make reasonable accommodations to her for her final exam, did not provide a safe environment for her to return to, and that is why she did not return. And ultimately we had to file a wrongful death case, because she committed suicide, because she didn`t feel she could go back to the school. This deliberate indifference is in violation of the law. By the way, that police investigation that you referred to, Jane, they didn`t -- the detective and the police did not even bother to investigate the crime scene, and they did not even interview key witnesses until after Megan killed herself. VELEZ-MITCHELL: This is what I don`t understand. There`s so many people on camera her here. Were all those people interviewed? ALLRED: Well, I don`t know whether they were interviewed, but some of them may not -- may have exercised their Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination. But the point is this -- there is no dispute that they did not investigate the crime scene. They didn`t even interview key witnesses, such as Kelly, the friend who took her to the hospital the very next day for the rape exam, who could have told them what Megan said. VELEZ-MITCHELL: She did a rape exam. Did they take the DNA of some of these young men who obvious or you could see that we blurred their faces, but you could see them. Did they take their DNA to see if there was a match? ALLRED: Did the police do that? I can`t tell you what the police did, but we think their whole investigation was contaminated by the fact that this detective was on the payroll at some point of the college. That`s not an independent investigation but the point is -- (CROSSTALK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: I want to go back to Cindy, if I may. ALLRED: Ok. Once there`s a report, a college has a duty to act and they can`t say we`re waiting to see what the police will do. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Ok. Here`s my big issue, Cindy, contrived consent. In three quarters of these cases -- and this is happening all over the country, alcohol is involved. In a whopping 90 percent of these cases, the woman knows her attacker. Ok. It`s usually somebody else who goes to the school. If a woman is under the influence of drugs or alcohol, she cannot give her consent to have sex. Do they need to start teaching students about consent at orientation? Cindy. MCGRATH: You know what? I do not -- I do not know, you know, why they don`t have more programs to make people more aware, add more security measures on college campuses when they are aware of -- of these -- such as Dominican College claimed to be a dry campus. Well, they`re the farthest thing from it, you can talk to any student there and find out that they have a huge, open -- openly people are drinking in their rooms and, you know -- VELEZ-MITCHELL: Cindy -- MCGRATH: Yes. VELEZ-MITCHELL: -- we have to leave it right there. We`re out of time. But a couple things: one, we invite Dominican College on anytime to tell their side of the story, and we also invite you back Cindy and Gloria. We want to keep this alive. We cover the war on women here on ISSUES. And we`re not going to let this issue go when one out of every four women in America who are going to college are getting sexually assaulted. This is a big problem, a big problem. MCGRATH: It`s huge. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Thank you so much. It`s huge. MCGRATH: Thank you. ALLRED: Thank you Jane. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Up next: a new bill in honor of 17-year-old Chelsea King has been signed into law. It`s a step in the right direction to prevent more tragic assaults in the war on women. Plus Britney Spears hit with a sexual harassment lawsuit by her bodyguard. Hear all of his shocking allegations against the pop princess. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Britney Spears` bodyguard slams her with a sexual harassment lawsuit. That`s next. But first "Top of the Block" tonight. A giant step forward today in the fight to keep young children and young women safe. Chelsea`s Law is now on the books, the law is named for beautiful 17-year-old Chelsea King, who was beautifully murdered, raped by registered sex offender John Gardner. Chelsea`s family joined Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California today at a very emotional signing ceremony. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) KELLY KING, CHELSEA`S MOTHER: Today is a day to celebrate your voice and your passion and to know that you`ve helped Chelsea build her dreams of changing this world. (END VIDEO CLIP) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Those parents have been through hell. This law requires a sentence of life without parole for anyone convicted of a violent sexual offense against the child and hats off to California for taking this stand. Let it sweep the nation. That is tonight`s "Top of the Block." Well, turning now to salacious jaw-dropping allegations against Britney Spears -- oh, my gosh -- her former body guard, Fernando Flores, suing her for sexual harassment. Yes, he`s suing her. His lawsuit reflects a naughty sex novel. He accuses Britney of, quote, "unwanted sexual advances for no other reason than to expose her naked or nearly naked body to plaintiff". Flores says, Brit had, quote, "vigorous sexual relations in front of him and near her two young sons". He says he was shocked and disgusted and suffered psychological damage. Britney insists the allegations are totally bogus. But we do have to point out she did build an empire on her -- rather potent sexuality. Out to my fantastic panel, we begin with Jim Moret, chief correspondent for "Inside Edition". Jim, what`s at stake here? I mean, could we be talking big money for this plaintiff? JIM MORET, CHIEF CORRESPONDENT, "INSIDE EDITION": Well, you look, he is alleging sexual harassment, intentional infliction of emotional distress. It`s a short lawsuit, it`s only six pages, but as you say, it`s chock-full of -- of salacious allegations, and, you know what? In fairness to Britney Spears, she is a target. You talk about her building an empire based on her sexuality, that doesn`t mean that any of these things are true. They still have to be proven in the court of law, but he is going to claim some -- some millions of dollars of damage in -- in emotional distress. Look, I -- I -- you know think that we -- we -- it`s easy to jump on all these things and say look what he`s claiming and look at all of this. But until it`s proven, you`ve got to really -- you`ve got to have some restraint. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Yes and here`s my big issue. Is it possible -- I`m just asking hypothetically -- MORET: Yes. VELEZ-MITCHELL: -- that she can`t turn it off? Britney has been hyper-sexualized since she was just 16 years old. Take a look at her in this "Womanizer" video. I mean -- "Womanizer video" ok, coming. There it is. "Womanizer" video there she is. She`s taking it all off. I mean, there are points where she`s naked and she is sweaty and she`s groping herself. There`s that. When you`re sexual like this, on the job, I mean, this is part of your job, to be sexual, you can`t just come -- you know come home and just completely shut it off. Right, Dr. Reef Kareem? I mean, isn`t that what they call professional deformation? REEF KARIM, PSYCHIATRIST: Yes, it`s an interesting point Jane, that you`re making. Her identity in regards to her business profession was completely based on her sexuality. And it`s not like you have this business identity and it`s completely separate from your identity at home. I mean -- VELEZ-MITCHELL: Exactly. KAREEM: -- you carry that stuff with you. There are many actors that have a really hard time shutting off the character they play when they get home. You know then -- then you`ve got -- it`s a little complicated. Because you`ve got these reported bipolar illness diagnoses, hyper- sexuality is a big part of that diagnosis. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Really. KAREEM: And then you`ve got this passive -- yes and then you`ve got this alleged pill use or alcohol use, and that throws the whole dis- inhibition. And are you really cognitively aware of what you`re doing at the time? So who knows, this could be any of those three? VELEZ-MITCHELL: All right. Well, we have to do a little recap and review here. We all remember a couple of years ago Britney`s erratic behavior got a lot more publicity than her career. Who could forget when she marched into a California hair salon and shaved her head? That was the start of what many people called her downward spiral. The following year, paramedics wheeled her out of her home on a gurney. She was taken to the hospital and put on an involuntary medical hold. And obviously she`s had medical issues in the past. And her dad still has a conservatorship over her affairs. Debra Opri, does that give any credence to this lawsuit? DEBRA OPRI, FAMILY LAW EXPERT: As the family law expert on your panel, Jane, I would look at the children and I would look at what`s in the lawsuit concerning the children, because guess what this lawsuit is going to do. It`s going to trigger a Department of Child and Family Services investigation again. And if this lawsuit has any legs, the legs are going to come from the allegations involving what she did in front of the children. I feel for her. Jim is right. It is a target situation. When did he go through this, how long did he wait to file the lawsuit? And what`s going on with any investigation into his allegations prior to filing a lawsuit? I would be very concerned about her situation with the children, because of this lawsuit. (CROSSTALK) MORET: And Jane -- Jane the -- according to Britney Spears, the Department has concluded an investigation brought about by allegations made by this former bodyguard and according to Britney Spears official Web site, they closed the investigation without incident. And -- and her ex-husband, Kevin Federline says that these allegations about abuse of the children are totally are unfounded. (CROSSTALK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Britney Spears is saying that this is bogus. And she said this is a guy just trying to make money and make a name off of her, but some of the allegations are very serious. On the other side of the break, you won`t believe one of them. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: We have been getting fabulous responses about how you at home are working to save the environment. Today a fabulous e-mail from Kelly; she says she is a dog lover who uses biodegradable bags that are made of -- completely of corn, very handy for picking up that poop after your pooch and very green too. And Kelly, guess what, I use those same biodegradable bags. I don`t use bags to pick up poop that last a thousand years. Thank you for doing your part. Your ISSUES eco-canister is in the mail. We are getting rid of these things as well. Do you have a green improvement? Send them to cnn.com/jane. Let`s all be part of the solution. Let`s all go green, people. All right. We get back to Britney Spears. Now, I want to show you a video, it`s called "I`m a Slave for You", one of Britney Spears` hottest videos from a few years ago as we speak to Wendy from Connecticut, your question or thought, ma`am? WENDY, CONNECTICUT (via telephone): Hello. VELEZ-MITCHELL: Hey, Wendy, how are you doing? WENDY: Hi. Am I speaking to Jane? VELEZ-MITCHELL: You are speaking to Jane. What is your question, ma`am? WENDY: Hi, Jane. I love you. I have been trying for years to get through to you. VELEZ-MITCHELL: You got through. So now is your time to ask a question. WENDY: Ok. You are my hero. And I`ll be honest. I have never ever not defended Britney Spears. She has been through hell and back. I`m also in recovery. I glad that she made it and just come back. I think this guy is -- it`s just pathetic. I think he`s just absolutely pathetic. With all that this woman has gone through, God bless her. He is out to just make a quick buck. I don`t think it is going to last a second in court, hopefully not. I know there are true sexual harassment claims that are legitimate. But I think this is just bogus. She is, you know, up at the top again and he, to be honest, he should have been paying her just to be watching her. Talking about he`s -- (CROSSTALK) VELEZ-MITCHELL: Ok. Wait. Wait. Wait. You bring up an important point. Let me say this, ok. Britney completely denies the allegations. And we`re going to show you the response that was posted on her Web site. Let`s put that up because I have to ask you a question. If, Dr. Reef Karim, if hypothetically, this was true, the whole notion that we can dismiss sexual harassment because it is a man on the receiving end, I take issue with that; I think that`s sexist in another way. You know, if a woman, a powerful woman is standing naked and calling him into the room and saying look at me naked and then saying go get me a 7-Up, that could be very humiliating because you`re provoking perhaps a sexual response that he can`t -- doesn`t feel free to act on. This is his boss. And so it creates frustration and humiliation. What do you say, Dr. Reef? KARIM: Yes. Sexual harassment, there is a sexual component to it but it`s really based on power. It`s based on who has the power over somebody else that takes advantage of it. And often it comes out in a sexual way. Now, in this case it could be a man who is in a power position or we have many, many strong women in power positions. And so you do occasionally see this happen. In this case the problem with sexual harassment is that it can be abused. You can have false claims and you can have people with targets that use their sexuality in their profession that can targeted that use their sexuality in their profession that can be targeted as we`ve discussed. That is what makes it so murky. But we trust the legal system; we trust that it will work out. But to claim psychological damage due to a harassment case is going to be very tough. VELEZ-MITCHELL: And there are still more claims. Thank you fabulous panel. Stay tuned for Nancy Grace. She`s still going to have still other claims made by Britney Spears` former security guard next. END380 posts tagged with christianity.
Displaying 151 through 200 of 380. Subscribe:
Pareidolia 2008.
Jesus: Not Just Some Chickified Dude.
The lotus-cross
When Jesus met Buddha. "Something remarkable happened when evangelists for two great religions crossed paths more than 1,000 years ago: they got along." [Via]
Christians AGAINST Cartoons!
Constantine's Sword
Constantine's Sword (google video) A former priest's personal journey through the tangled and sometimes violent history between Christians and Jews.
Tilman Riemenschneider]]
Medieval church carvings, masturbation included.
The Tertullian Project.]
"Afterward, the locust with its execrable teeth".".]
Christvertising
We believe that nothing is possible without the Lord's blessing and consent. Your product is no exception.
For The Bible Tells Me So
For The Bible Tells Me So. (documentary, Google Video. Trailer.)
But Would They Let Saint Mary Officiate?.
10 Things Christians and Atheists Can (And Must) Agree On
10 Things Christians and Atheists Can (And Must) Agree On. "Celebrating the death of somebody you disagreed with pretty much makes you a dick."
It's a Big Myth-Take
We've discussed Tom Harpur's The Pagan Christ before. Now, the CBC is going to air a documentary exploring the questions raised in Harpur's book. .."
The most influential evangelical you've never heard of.
D. James Kennedy, father of Christian Dominionism, has died.
Not so godless Commies
.
God says it's a real big no-no.
Sing along. Street Evangelist Robert Breaud has a special message for you.
-]
You couldn't PAY me to go to chu... wait. What?
Drew Marshall [previously] is paying 2 people to go to church. The participants have already been to their first church and blog about their experiences here and here.).
Jesus Christ!.
Dove of Brutality!
Bible Fight [Flash game]
Let's see if Jesus will bring you candy!
If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do? (1971). This film based on the pro-Jesus/anti-Commie teachings of Baptist minister Dr. Estus Washington Pirkle (3/12/1930–3/3/05) warns what will happen to America if the citizens do not give up their depraved ways and turn to God and Jesus for salvation. Fun for the whole family! Also by Reverend Pirkle: The Burning Hell & The Believer's Heaven. Good times."
Scientifically proven to benefit humanity.
The Smell of Virtue
Scents from the Bible The world's first spiritual perfume, "Virtue® was conceived out of our desire to provide a perfume that would allow a person to be reminded of their Spiritual Self, by a simple whiff of it's fragrant essence." Smell the holy! (Post not inspired by previous ).GSA Hosts Courthouse Design Forum
GSA # 10356
June 1, 2007
Contacts: MaryAnneBeatty, (202) 501-1231
maryanne.beatty@gsa.gov
Washington, DC – Today the U.S. General Services Administration hosted a national conversation on federal courthouse design under the GSA’s award-winning Design Excellence Program. This day-long event included a keynote address from Justice Stephen Breyer, who received special recognition for his passionate advocacy of architecture as a public art relevant to the administration of justice.
“With the federal judiciary being our largest customer, the Design Excellence Program is vital to create appropriate and inspiring federal courthouses in the 21st century that will best meet the needs of the federal judiciary and the American people,” said David Winstead, GSA’s Commissioner for the Public Buildings Service.
The forum included an assessment of the GSA’s courthouse portfolio by Pulitzer Prize-winning architecture critic Robert Campbell, a discussion about the courthouse architecture of our time by Judge Michael Hogan, U.S. District Court for the district of Oregon, and GSA Architecture Fellow Thomas Gordon Smith, as well as panelists discussing the qualities and process for successful courthouses and their costs. These conversations will help foster high performance, state-of-the-art buildings through the Design Excellence Program. GSA buildings are designed to be models of environmental stewardship as well as dignified landmarks in their community.
GSA’s Design Excellence Program, now in its second decade, continues to create public buildings that enhance cities and towns, inspire the public, and communicate America’s democratic values. Its influence has reached other public agencies and the private sector.
More on.Trevor T. Trujillo - TownSquare Media [ Casper Bank Robbers Charged In Federal Court By Kevin Koile January 30, 2014 Two people have been charged in federal court in connection to a bank robbery in Casper. Read More|Comment Category: Casper News, Crime, Wyoming News Tags: Bank of the West, bank robbery, James Thain, Mindy Lawrence, Wyoming Bank Robberies Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!The Barre, Vermont Community Profile includes Barre, VT census data, demographics and income data; parks, schools, libraries, hospitals, and airports; Barre jobs & employment, environmental conditions, local newspapers, media outlets, weather forecast, maps and aerial photos of Barre, VT.
The most popular resources for visitors and prospective residents include:
Quality Inn Barre
173 S. Main Street
Barre, VT 05641-4813
Rates recently viewed: ( $90.99 - $100.99 )
2 Star Hotel
Hollow Inn And Motel
278 south Main Street
Barre, VT 05641
Rates recently viewed: ( $77.00 - $77.00 )
0 Star HotelSavvis: Jefferies Downgrades to Hold; Sees Rising Capex
Jefferies analyst Jonathan Schildkraut this morning cut his rating on Savvis (SVVS) to Hold from Buy, citing “decreasing visibility and a belief the company will need to spend more in capex.” He notes that since the Web-hosting company reported Q2 results, its shares have appreciated 8 percent in period in which its peers have fallen by an average 14 percent.
Schildkraut says channel checks find that the market for large-scale managed hosting projects “remains lukewarm, as customers continue to drag out the sales cycle.” At the time, he said that based on conversations with other managed hosting providers, he now thinks his old capex estimates for the company were too low.
Read the rest of this postBanks
Company Overview of WashingtonFirst Bank
Executive Profile
Background
Mr. Mike Manatos serves as Vice President of Manatos & Manatos. Mr. Manatos serves as Member of Advisory Board at WashingtonFirst Bank. He served as Member of Maryland and The District of Columbia Advisory Board at WashingtonFirst Bank. He served as a Member of Advisory Board of WashingtonFirst Bankshare, Inc. Mr. Manatos has orchestrated efforts that set numerous records in the policymaking process of the U.S. Senate, House of Representatives and the Executive Branch ...
COMPETITOR COMPENSATION
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
Report Data Issue
To contact WashingtonFirst.25th October 2010
Click to Buy Tony Blair’s ‘A Journey’
Another upload of this video from Islam Channel LIVE says – “Lauren Booth reverts LIVE at the GPU”
At around 2:50 in the video on her spiritual “morphine moment” – [spiritual morphine? Doesn’t morphine DULL the senses as well as the pain (the pain of being free to convert/revert)?] – at the ”Global Peace and Unity event, this once Roman Catholic woman says proudly, her young daughter by her side – “My name is Lauren Booth and I am a Muslim.”
To each his/her own. Although quite why she had to make this religious (political) statement in public is worth asking. Clearly HER religious beliefs are not private and personal, for reasons best known to herself.
In case you thought by the shots of the audience that this event was in the Middle East, it wasn’t. It took place at Excel, London, yesterday and Saturday.
Latest convert - sorry, reversionist to Islam, Lauren Booth. Refusing to discount the possibility that she might wear a burka, she said: ‘Who knows where my spiritual journey will take me?’ As far away from Britain as possible. Hopefully.
This commitment to Islam is hardly news to me anyway, if it is to her. She was clearly heading that way when she said at a Gaza protest in London – “we are all Palestinians now”. And when she started working for Iran’s Press TV some years ago, and when she wore her oh-so-suitable and requisite head-covering when broadcasting her anti-west rants in an Islamic country, as in the picture on the right.
SO WHAT’S ALL THIS ‘REVERSION’ BUSINESS?
It is worth noting the use of the word “reverts” in the title of this version of her conversion. No other religion has the bare-faced audacity to claim that we were all Christian/Jewish/Hindus/Buddhists etc at birth. But we were ALL MUSLIMS first, don’t you know? Even before we were born into our Christian/Jewish/Hindu/Buddhist families. Even before Islam itself appeared on the religious/political horizon. Even though Islam was the last of the three major “Abrahamic” religions to find itself.
What senseless processing of upside-down thinking. To describe this self-servicing nonsense as “illogical” is to be euphemistic to a dangerous degree. Apologies if you accept this innate or learned doltishness. You should understand that many millions of us don’t, can’t, and never will. So, what are you going to do about it, bully boys?
Below, in these sections on Reversion and Apostasy, it may become clearer to you just why I ask this question in what some might describe as a confrontational manner. Read on Macduff …
1. ‘REVERSION’ (‘conversion’, to non-Muslims) – explained here at Islam Online
We want to introduce you to the use of the term reverting to Islam instead of converting. This term is used among Muslims because we believe all babies are born Muslim and are socialized into different religions by their parents; so when a person enters into Islam, he or she is ‘coming back to’ or ‘reverting’ to their original religion.
And if you accept that you also worship at the altar of the consistent logic that says we were all Romans first, including those of the Egyptian Empire which preceded the Roman Empire by 4000 years.
Ms Booth in her new-found ‘enlightened’ existence promises – “I will seek to serve the Ummah as best I can”. [Ummah = Muslim peoples.] But quite why she prayed to Allah, PRIOR to converting reverting to Islam is beyond my simple understanding. As my Christian minister in Scotland used to say repeatedly, in order to quell doubters no doubt – “God is beyond our comprehension”. And so, some may say, may God remain.
Others might suggest sweet Lauren is showing the way forward for Guardianistos and even for David Cameron [of Gaza – “prison camp” infamy].
Perhaps it escapes some minds that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a Muslim to “revert” back out of Islam.
2. ‘APOSTASY’ (leaving Islam)
[Apostasy in Islam – sorry this ‘explanation’ is so long-winded, but Islam requires a lot of wriggle room, I have found.] It rambles about and argues this and that, against itself at times, as is often Islam’s hook-dodging habit. But perhaps this excerpts sums it up: [MY BOLDING]
‘These “God has opened no way for you against them”.’
[Graphic, updated daily, from “Religion of Peace” here.]
So, in this world where Muslims kill in terrorists attacks almost daily, if we, non-Muslims or complaining Muslims such as former Islamist terrorist Tawfik Hamid don’t assume a non-hostile attitude(!) in response we are to be treated as apostates according to the good books of Islam. In other words if you defend freedom, freedom of religion, conversion, the rights of women, apostates, adulterers or homosexuals – loosen your shirt collar for that beheading, my ‘hostile’ friends.
“Kuffar” in case you don’t know are unbelievers. Unbelievers in (pure) Islam, that is … whatever that is.
And this information is from a site which aspires to be an authority on Islam.
Information from the YouTube site:
wais910 | 23 October 2010
Lauren Booth went to the mosque of Hazrat Ma’suma (as) – the sister of the 8th Imam of the AhlulBayt(as), Imam Redha (as) – is buried in Iran.
It is in the city of Qom, where Hazrat Ma’suma(as) died. Imam Redha(as) died in another city called Mashad.
I think when sister Lauren Booth hears the psuedo-salafis (wahabi influenced) telling her “shias and iran are kaafir and mushriks, etc” she will be very shaken from such an arrogant / unity-breaking mindset. May Allah(swt) protect her from any physical and spiritual and ideological harm.
Oh Ummah of Muhammad(sawa)! LET US UNITE!
So even this YouTube Channel highlights the differences within and throughout Islam. Facts of which the naive and gullible Ms Booth seems to be entirely unaware.
Perhaps her new friends will help Lauren, who once appeared in the reality TV show – I’m a Celebrity, Get me out of Here” – pay off her debt to her sister Cherie, recently secured. Cherie, it seems, lent her half-sister Lauren £10,000 but only after a lot of thought. Since Lauren has been and still is an outspoken critic of Mr Blair Cherie was probably half-hearted in her willingness to help the black sheep of the family. But, truly Christianly and lawyerly-like, she did in the end. Though Lauren had to sign a several-page legal document drawn up by Cherie to secure the funds. Very wise, Cherie.
Even Ms Booth’s poor brainwashed pre-teen daughter, clearly a convert too, praises Allah. Or says something earth-shatteringly well received in a language which she now contentedly considers truly hers, morphine-like in its addiction.
What about your child, our mother, your home when Palestinians bomb them, Lauren? Or when Islamist fundamentalist terrorists do? Allah’s will?
Not that her trip to that bastion of freedom, Iran, tells us anything about the poor woman’s state of mind. Doctor, doctor!
__________
Excerpt below from Daily Mail –
Tony.
Read more at the Daily Mail
[Pic above. Influential position: Lauren Booth hopes her conversion will have an influence on how her brother-in-law – former Prime Minister Tony Blair – views Islam. Mr Blair is pictured here with his wife – Lauren’s half-sister – Cherie Blair]
__________
RELATED
- The Independent – “Though the group she joins as woman convert is small, it is a vocal one. Ms Booth’s colleague at Press TV, former war correspondent Yvonne Ridley, converted to Islam in 2003 after being captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan.”
- Ed West at The Telegraph asks, “Why would Laren Booth become a Muslim”. He suggests something to do with re-visiting 1968, aka the year that changed the world/shaped a generation. Let’s see – the Vietnam war – Harold Wilson’s “backing Britain” campaign – Martin Luther shot dead – Lyndon Jonson signs civil rights act – Enoch Powell’s Rivers of Blood speech – Paris strikes and student uprisings – Beatles launch Apple Records – Robert Kennedy shot dead – Saddam Hussein begins his ascent in Iraq after a coup – Prague spring of political liberalisation – the start of the Troubles in Derry, Northern Ireland. A busy year, true. Unfinished business? Perhaps, but none of it explains why a seemingly intelligent western woman embraces a politicised religion which insists on taking 1960s feminists back at least a couple of centuries. There’s got to be another reason.
- Holgers Awakens – Isn’t it just peachy?
- Bare Naked Islam – Tony Blair’s sister-in-law has lost her mind
- Infidel Bloggers’ Alliance – Tony Blair’s sister-in-law becomes Muslim bimbo
- Vlad Tepes – “Stupidity knows no colour or nationality. Tony Blair’s sister in law ‘reverts’”
- Lauren Booth converts to Islam (guardian.co.uk)
- “Tony Blair’s Sister Becomes Muslim Bimbo, Now Reads Koran Every Day, “I’m on Page 60″” and related posts
- Gaza documentary ‘not impartial’ (independent.co.uk)
ETCETERA
- Baroness Warsi pulls out of Muslim conference amid claims of Tory concerns
- Pope calls for freedom of worship (as in the west) in Middle East
- Mail: Cafe owner in Stockport ordered to remove extractor fan as smell of frying bacon offends passing Muslims Yes. That’s what is reported here. Soon? No exhaling if you eat bacon? You have been warned.
- Kim Sengupta: Insulting Islam can have lethal repercussions on battlefield (independent.co.uk)
On the other hand – here is Tony Blair defending Islam (audio only) and part 2 here. There is no information provided, except the uploaded date of June 2010. I believe it would have been in the last few weeks of his time as Prime Minister, between April and June 2007. He refers to the Siddiqui Report which was released in April 2007. According to more recent reports and even his own book where he asks “if the war on terror is not a war, what is it?”, Mr Blair has been re-articulating his thoughts.
Video: Tony Blair, Washington Institute speech, on defeating the narrative of Islamist terrorism
So does Tony Blair still today, October 2010, believe that Islam is unquestionably and without reservation a ‘religion of moderation and modernity’?
He still works with determination and conviction to bring religions together. But that is another matter.
Tony Blair Faith Foundation
_______________
Earlier posts here on Lauren Booth
- Lies of Lauren Booth UNCOVERED by Media Standards Watchdog OFCOM
- Watch Lauren Booth BRAINWASHING her own children. As does Hamas with the rest of us
- On CifWatch’s day off, try some ‘Easy Listening’. Watch Lauren Booth about “to vomit”
- Jenny Tonge and Lauren Booth – Traitors to Britain – Slaves of Iran’s Press TV
- Lauren Booth – Incitement to Racial Hatred charge (S.5 of the Public Order Act)?
- Lauren Booth – WHY Are You Lying About Tony?
Click to Buy Tony Blair’s ‘A Journey’
_______________
Sign the Ban Blair-Baiting petition here
Recent comments:
.”Last Blast
If Glendale has been a bit too bright this holiday season with its 1.5 million lights creating a glare visible to other worlds, then rejoice at the Glitter and Glow Block Party, which effectively pulls the plug. Though there have been weekly celebrations and parties with varied themes, this grand finale tops them all with local street performers, nine bands kicking it among the lights (including AZ Chicks with Picks, Midnight Mojo, In2ition, and Peppermint James), and an unmatched hot air balloon extravaganza. Twenty colorful balloons will add even more illumination to the proceedings when pilots fire the balloons simultaneously.
The lights will go out on another holiday season, but those floating spots will linger behind your eyes long after the lights go out on downtown Glendale’s 16-block area, which encompasses both Old Towne and the Catlin Court District. The block party runs from 4 to 10:30 p.m. Saturday, January 11. Admission is free. Visit.
Sat., Jan. 11, 4-10 p.m., 2014Acta Cryst. (2013). C69, 394-399 [ doi:10.1107/S0108270113006987 ]
Abstract: Reactions of 2-(hydroxymethyl)pyridine (Hhmp) with PbCl2 and Pb(NO3)2 at room temperature led to the formation of two novel compounds, namely tetrakis[
3-(pyridin-2-yl)methanolato]-tetrahedro-tetrakis[chloridolead(II)], [Pb4(C6H6NO)4Cl4], (I), and poly[(
2-nitrato)[
2-(pyridin-2-yl)methanolato]lead(II)], [Pb(C6H6NO)(NO3)]n, (II). Compound (I) exhibits a tetranuclear Pb4O4 cubane structure, which is connected through
-
stacking interactions between the pyridine groups of the (pyridin-2-yl)methanolate (hmp-) ligands and through C-H
Cl interactions to form an interesting threefold diamondoid network. Compound (II) possesses two-dimensional (4,4)-sql topology based on a Pb2O2 unit, which is further extended into a three-dimensional supramolecular network through
-
stacking interactions between adjacent pyridine rings and through C-H
O interactions between the pyridine C atoms of the hmp- ligands and the nitrate anions.
Formula: [Pb4(C6H6NO)4Cl4] and [Pb(C6H6NO)(NOGoogle executive Susan Wojcicki has been appointed the new head of the company’s YouTube video business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.
The move, in which Msise the best they can," said Needham & Co analyst Kerry Rice.
Google does not disclose YouTube’s financial results, though analysts believe the website generates several billions of dollars in annual revenue from video ads and other promotions.
Ms Wojcicki, who is a member of Mr Page’s inner circle of top managers known as the “L" Team, was most recently senior vice-president of Ads and Commerce. She shared the title with Sridhar Ramaswamy, another Google executive.
The new job is effective immediately, according to the source. It was not immediately clear what Mr Kamangar would do. A report in the tech blog The Information, which first reported news of the change, said that Mr $US70 billion ($78 billion) in spending on US television ads.
“Like Salar, Susan has a healthy disregard for the impossible and is excited about improving YouTube in ways that people will love," Mr Page said in a statement.
The change at YouTube comes nearly a year after Google appointed Sundar Pichai to lead its Android mobile software group, taking over from Andy Rubin, who is now spearheading a secretive group within Google that is developing robots.
Ms Wojcicki has been with Google from its earliest days. Mr Page and co-founder Sergey Brin set up shop in the garage of Ms Wojcicki’s Menlo Park, California, home in September 1998, around the time they incorporated the company.
ReutersShunned writer Taslima Nasreen arrives in Indian capital (The Earth Times)
"In a violent protest on Wednesday in Kolkata [Calcutta] of umbrella organization of several small Islamic outfits All-India Minority Forum set up roadblocks in the city and demanded cancellation of 45-year-old Nasreen's visa, which expires on February 17, 2008.
"Protestors torched cars, at least 43 people were hurt, more than 100 arrests were made, and soldiers of the Indian army patrolled the streets to control the protest.
"'The Kolkata police have advised me to leave the city on grounds of my security, which is why I have come to Jaipur,' Nasreen told The Hindu, adding: 'I have no place to go. India is my home, and I would like to keep living in this country till I die.'
"The state secretary Biman Bose of West Bengal's ruling Communist Party of India (Marxist) had said on Wednesday that the author's visa should be cancelled if her presence was causing problems, a statement he backtracked on Thursday saying that only the federal government had the power to deny a visa extension."
On what the new exile means for Nasrin personally and as a writer:
Nasrin: "East [Bengal] has already closed the doors to me... so I want to stay in West Bengal where I feel at home."
fellow writer Shib Narain Ray: "Like us, she is a Bengali, and she only writes in Bengali. She cannot enter Bangladesh, so her only option is to live amongst Bengalis in Calcutta if she has to exist as a writer of some consequence."
On the role of the Left-Front government of West Bengal:
Fall & fall of Buddha [Chief Minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee] by Sugata Roy (Times of India, November 25, 2007):
 'intellectuals' close to him. This was the first assault on a writer's freedom in the post-Emergency period. Later, a division bench of the Calcutta High Court lifted the ban.
"But the court order was not enough to repair the damage. [...]."Caltrans Proposes Toll Lanes On 405 Freeway In Orange County
(Photo credit: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images News)
Top Features
SANTA ANA (AP) — State transportation officials want to install toll lanes on a notoriously congested section of 405 Freeway in Orange County, but local officials aren’t happy.
Caltrans on Friday reserved the right to add 14 miles of toll lanes between Seal Beach and Costa Mesa — where a section of the freeway gets more average daily traffic than any other in the nation — but local transportation officials point out the proposal is unfunded and would take away existing carpool lanes.
The stretch of freeway is already slated for a $1.3 billion taxpayer-funded expansion project that would add a regular lane in each direction, according to The Orange County Register. That project is paid for by a half-cent sales tax approved by Orange County voters.
Caltrans proposes converting existing carpool lanes to toll lanes and adding another toll lane in each direction, but it doesn’t have the extra $400 million to make the idea a reality, said Shawn Nelson, an Orange County supervisor and chairman of the Orange County Transportation Authority’s board of directors.
Critics have called the toll lanes “Lexus lanes” because of the high price of using them. The tolls for the proposed lanes haven’t been determined, but other toll lanes in Southern California can charge up to $10 for a one-way trip during rush hour.
Transportation officials around the region have increasingly turned to toll lanes to generate revenue and alleviate traffic, with mixed reviews. Los Angeles officials recently added toll lanes along parts of the 10 and 110 freeways. Riverside County is now in the process of creating express lanes on the 91 Freeway in Corona, while San Bernardino County officials are exploring the possibility of toll lanes on the 10 and 15 freeways as well.
Caltrans’ version of the plan — including the future toll lanes — projects that by 2020 drivers in regular lanes of I-405 could travel between State Route 73 and I-605 in 29 minutes. With only one new general-purpose lane in each direction and no toll lanes, Caltrans says the same trip would take 57 minutes.
Federal Highway Administration numbers released last year showed that a stretch of the freeway through Seal Beach sees more traffic than anywhere else in the United States, with about 379,000 vehicles entering the roadway around Seal Beach on the busiest days. That makes it the busiest interstate in any American city.
The Orange County Transportation Authority expects to start construction on its widening project by 2016 and finish by 2021, with or without the toll lanes.
(Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Why Not a Global: 243-247, 1999. "New Directions for Stochastic Open Economy Models," NBER Working Papers 7313, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
- Maurice Obstfeld & Kenneth Rogoff, 2000. "New Directions for Stochastic Open Economy Models," International Finance 0004002, EconWPA.
-.
- Baxter, Marianne & Stockman, Alan C., 1989. "Business cycles and the exchange-rate regime : Some international evidence," Journal of Monetary Economics, Elsevier, vol. 23(3), pages 377-400, May.
- Williamson, John, 1993. "Exchange Rate Management," Economic Journal, Royal Economic Society, vol. 103(416), pages 188-97, January.
- Rogoff, Kenneth, 1985. "Can international monetary policy cooperation be counterproductive?," Journal of International Economics, Elsevier, vol. 18(3-4), pages 199-217, May.
-:aea:aecrev:v:91:y:2001:i:2:p:243-247..The bland, sad, happy, obscure and pathetic life of Mohammad Ikhsan
If you’re Ubuntu user, and fans of the Humble Bundle.. err bundles, now you can get all of your Humble Bundle goodies on steam, since Valve has decided to start the open beta for Steam for Linux. Get the .deb here, and double click to install. Create a steam account if you haven’t got one.
The next step is to get the steam redeem keys for your bundle purchases. Log into your Humble Bundle account, and go to your library. Scroll all the way down to see the link to all of your purchases, and select one of the bundle that you want to redeem. The top of the next page will contain a link to your steam keys.
If you have your steam keys, fire up Steam for linux, go to Games > Activate a Product on Steam. Enter your key when asked.
One.. well.. many little problem(s), not all of the bundle’s linux games are available on Steam. Trine and Shadowgrounds for example, are available in windows and mac, but not on Steam for LinuxWembury
Facilities & access
General
- Toilets and shower at Wembury
- Visit Wembury Marine Visitor Centre
- Dogs are welcome across the estate, but please keep under close control or on a lead in areas where animals are grazing
- Wembury Beach is a dog-free beach from 1 May - 30 September
- Old Mill Cafe at Wembury serving delicious home-made sandwiches, pasties and cakes
- Seasonal vegetables on sale at Warren car park (honesty box)
- Beach shop at Wembury
- Parking at the Warren and Ayrmer Cove car parks. National Trust Members free. £2 car park charge (honesty box)
- Wembury car park: £4.50, National Trust members free. The car park is manned from Easter to the end of September and during other busy weekends
- Information points at Wembury Point, Wembury Beach and Marine Centre (Devon Wildlife Trust and National Trust partnership)
- Picnic area
- Stay at The Mill Cottage (sleeps 4)
Family & children
- Regular organised rock pool rambles
- Learn more about this fascinating marine environment at the local Marine Centre
Access
- Sensory experience
- Some steps leading down to beach
- Easy access tarmac paths at Wembury Point, suitable for wheelchairs and push buggies.
- Accessible WCs opposite the Old Mill café
- The Marine Centre is accessible via steps
- Wembury Cliffs are largely flat but accessed by ascending steps
- Steps leading to the Old Mill Café. Food and drink can be brought up to the car park and seating by arrangement. Contact the Old Mill Café on 01752 862314 for detailsIndia, along with its four other BRICS partners -- Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa -- will experience a growth of 99 percent in antibiotic consumption.
Group Digital Life is a division of Singtel that focusses on digital marketing, regional premium video, and advanced analytics.
On-demand transportation has gone beyond taxi services. Zoomcar and Wicked Ride offer self-drive rentals on cars and luxury bikes, respectively..KEXP ReviewsChad VanGaalen: Shrink Dust
This Calgary artist’s fifth album is one of this strongest sets yet of spacy psych-folk, featuring a warped sound with acoustic and electric guitars, aluminum pedal steel and more, along with folk-rock harmonies, eerie lead vocals and often-surreal lyrics. 4/11/2014 - Don Yates
Other Chad VanGaalen album reviews:
Infiniheart - 8/16/2005
Finally... Rated 5 out of 5 stars
Finally I found something that matches all my needs for really quick customized lookup of addresses. And in addition to that I can add a few of my most frequent used search services too. Brilliant!This review is for a previous version of the add-on (1.5.19).Jan 20, 2014 Maan Pamintuan-Lamorena Business 0
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata plans to stay with the company despite the huge losses they’ve incurred the past years. The gaming company executive said that despite not reaching their target sales for the year, he has no plans of quitting and will continue to lead the company out of their current slump.
The embattled company is now expected to report its losses for the third consecutive year after the end of its fiscal year in March 31. Questions on the company’s current business model are surfacing and reports say that a new model is being outlined for the investors’ meeting on January 30. Iwata said that while he do not plan to step down from Nintendo, he is willing to take a pay cut to cover the losses incurred by the company. Speaking at a press conference, he said, “in light of the significant downgrade, top managers need to be held responsible in some way, such as slashing executive compensation.”
The reported new business model outlines the company’s plan on salvaging the plunging sales and how Nintendo plans to address it. Iwata noted that the company “needs to seriously ask whether they can keep making just game systems and sell them the same way we have in the past.” With people predicting that smartphones and tablets will make game consoles obsolete, Iwata still remains optimistic. Plans to bank on the “momentum of the Nintendo #DS system in the domestic market while revitalizing overseas operations,” are expected to bring the company back to its competitive edge among the other gaming companies. With new games coming out for the Wii U console this year, Iwata is confident it will help them get right back on top. He further stated that the matter is not on how unpromising the game system business looks as he believes that it is not so, but whether or not they can “adapt to the changes in the world.”
[via Nikkei Asian Review]
Comments Off on JDP Startup Corner: Pros & Cons of Working with a Partner in JapanIt’s a very real dilemma….. a family split over where to spend their yearly vacation. Mom and her pig-tailed daughters envision theme parks and princesses, with some tea parties and plenty of character meals. Dad and his outdoorsy boys cringe…. they also imagine days surrounded by furry characters, being kissed by princesses ad nauseum, and too much time spent in gift shops buying souvenirs….. They cringe. They fuss. And then they balk. “No way are we going to Walt Disney World,” they protest.
Clearly, these guys just don’t get it. Sadly, their story is all too common. But there is hope for this family–and it comes in form of a recently-published book, Ears of Steel: The Real Man’s Guide to Walt Disney World. Written by Bart Scott, a Disney fan himself, the book aims to shatter (in an appropriately testosterone-filled, manly way) the stereotype that “real men” cannot enjoy Walt Disney World.
With his mission clear, Mr. Scott starts his persuasive and fun explanation of Walt Disney World. He begins with a brief note to the woman who likely purchased the book. He reassures her that he understands these guys and can talk some sense into them. He offers these words of magic– “You’ll be on your way to the Orlando area before you can wish upon a star.”
From there, the book is then directed at the reluctant male who is balking at the thought of a Walt Disney World vacation. In a conversational, “just between us guys” tone, Mr. Scott playfully admonishes the reader for not wanting to go to the Happiest Place on Earth. He then, in his best “guy speak,” explains how the book will help. Highlighting “masculine” activities like fishing and golf, thrill rides like Tower of Terror and Rock’ Roller Coaster, and gastronomic delights, Mr. Scott effectively dismisses the notion that WDW is all “kiddie” or too “feminine” for the proud man.
The book is organized in a very logical and clear fashion, as the author recognizes that because of the reader’s misconceptions, he faces a double task: dismiss the errors in his mind and also replace them with truth. Methodically and logically, Mr. Scott examines what aspects of a WDW vacation would appeal to the most masculine member of the family, though is mindful that there also is a family coming along who may want to do things other than fish, eat, and hang out at the Richard Petty Driving Experience.
Ears of Steel starts with a look at the Disney resorts, recommending some to the man who needs a masculine feel to his hotel experience. (Any guesses which he said?) He then proceeds to examine the parks, starting with Epcot (he devotes five chapters to it!), then Hollywood Studios, Animal Kingdom, and finally (“the most daunting chapter”) the Magic Kingdom. He then examines some other topics and sites a man will want to know about…..including bathrooms. Yes, indeed… a entire chapter on Walt Disney World restrooms. And you will have to buy the book to discover which bathroom he deems the best in all property… for a guy. It’s honestly never something I considered before!
Throughout the book, the author includes cute anecdotes in his “Man Journals” where he shares stories of Disney that a guy will appreciate. He also offers “Ears of Steel” recommendations–brief evaluations of whether a guy needs to see a specific attraction…. and he does, much to my Disney-obsessed chagrin, tell guys that certain parts of the park should be “skipped.” He is very real….. and he builds credibility with the reader because he doesn’t recommend everything, nor does he rave about all parts of Walt Disney World.
Now, chances are, if you are reading this, you already know that Walt Disney World has something to offer for everybody, regardless of their gender, age, or interests…. but there is a good chance you have been on the soccer field, at a PTO meeting, at the gym, or in a restaurant and heard the debate. As a Disney fan, help these families out! Encourage them to check out Ears of Steel so they, too, can learn what we all know–the power and magic of a Walt Disney World vacation. And even if you don’t know of any reluctant Disney travelers, you will enjoy reading this and understanding a different perspective on the parks. I absolutely learned more than I expected… especially about bathrooms!
You can read a free excerpt and order a copy of Bart Scott’s Ears of Steel here.consortiumnews.com
The MSM and Swimming Naked.
But the same lesson may apply when the existing mainstream media fades out to sea. Today, even as many Americans rightfully disdain the MSM, its rapid contraction could inflict even more damage on an already battered American Republic.
That’s because the MSM has been providing information – albeit with many flaws – that has allowed others, including bloggers and independent Web sites like ours, to derive substantial information from working reporters who are sent off to cover a multitude of stories.
When those mainstream reporters dwindle in number amid endless budget cuts, the tide of basic facts will retreat and – metaphorically speaking – we’ll discover which political groupings have been swimming naked, relying too much on the work of the MSM.
The answer today seems clear. The conservatives, right-wingers and Republicans will be as well-covered as some of those bathers in the Victorian Era. The liberals, progressives and Democrats will be left trying to cover up.
The logical result of a fading MSM – combined with a robust right-wing news media and a miniscule progressive one – will be the relative strengthening of conservatives who already possess a vertically integrated media infrastructure for developing and disseminating information, from newspapers, magazines and books to radio, TV and the Internet.
Even now, we see the impact of this right-wing media on the budget debate over key issues such as national health care and a “green” economy. Though the Republicans are in a distinct minority and seem to have few constructive ideas, they are, in many ways, driving the debate by popularizing the notion that Obama is a socialist out to bankrupt the country.
That, in turn, emboldens Republicans and intimidates some Democrats, especially from states where the right-wing media is all-pervasive. So, while Republicans present a solid phalanx of opposition to President Barack Obama’s plans, a “centrist” Democratic caucus has emerged to split Democratic unity.
Many of these “centrists” oppose use of a parliamentary device, called “reconciliation,” to enact some of Obama’s agenda by majority vote rather than lose in the face of Republican filibusters. To get some Republican support, these “centrists” are signaling a readiness to water down the President’s proposals and possibly jettison key features, like a public entity that would offer national health insurance.
As the MSM grows weaker – and the right-wing media becomes relatively stronger – this ideological asymmetry is sure to become even more imbalanced. Just Thursday, for instance, the Washington Post announced a new round of staff buyouts and the New York Times underscored its financial difficulties by laying off 100 employees and imposing a 5 percent wage cut on everyone else.
Reversing the Tide
The only way to stop this rightward tilt of American media is to build a counterforce of independent and progressive news outlets. To address this challenge is why we created Consortiumnews.com in 1995. The early signs of today’s media crisis were already apparent.
The idea, then as now, was to pull together resources so we could hire and deploy quality journalists to gather news of national and international interest – and to use the Internet as the primary means of distributing this information, though we also intended to make stories available in other media forms, from print to radio to TV.
We felt, too, that it was important to support the journalists with solid editing and fact-checking, so the material was as reliable as possible. And we insisted that the operation be based in the Washington, D.C., area where most of the news is generated, rather than in cities such as San Francisco, far removed from the front lines of what the Right likes to call “the war of ideas.”
Over the past 13 years, though we’ve succeeded in demonstrating that good journalism can be produced and distributed at very low cost, we have fallen short in convincing concerned citizens with substantial financial resources to join the hundreds of small donors who have kept our operation alive.
Indeed, that may be one of the most remarkable differences between the American Right and the American Left. Right-wingers – from foundations like Olin, Smith-Richardson and Scaife to wealthy individuals such as Rupert Murdoch and Sun Myung Moon – spend billions of dollars subsidizing conservative media while wealthy liberals and progressives shy away financing media, especially news outlets with any kind of edge.
It’s like they don’t really want to engage in the battle. They prefer putting what little money they do spend into “safe” outlets – like NPR or PBS – or into “media reform,” i.e. organizing around media issues, rather than into building tough, honest, courageous news outlets that will take on the powers that be and will shake up the status quo.
Unless that pattern changes – unless people of means who care about the future of the nation – set aside their fears and join the fight, the likelihood is that the media imbalance will only get worse, that Republicans will be emboldened and that timid “centrist” Democrats will wilt under the pressure.
And as the tide flows out on the MSM, liberals and progressives will find themselves even more uncovered thanIt's the Latina Week of Action for Reproductive Justice, and you know what that means. Well, actually, maybe you don't, because the reproductive justice issues facing Latinas today aren't very visible in the media or even among mainstream feminist groups. So that's why Latina activists are taking this week to raise their voices about the importance of self-determination over their reproductive destinies.
In addition to hosting public events to educate communities about reproductive justice issues, the Week of Action features some thematic blogging on Nuestra Vida, Nuestra Voz, the blog of the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health:
Rita Martinez makes the case for the inclusion of comprehensive family planning in the health care reform policies governing preventive care. That, she says, would help compensate for the sex ed that girls like her never had growing up:
Normally, I too would be silent on this issue, I mean, it's a private matter right?. ...
Giving this prudish perception about sex and what it means to be a birth control user was a complete disservice--the repression we experienced during our formative years undoubtedly continues to influence how we currently perceive contraception (for better or worse). Also, it directly impacted many of my peers during senior year, when a record number ended up pregnant. What did the school have to say about this? Nothing.
Lucy Panza describes an epiphany she had upon realizing that as an activist in her community, she wasn't as alone as she, and so many others, had assumed:.
Even if you never thought of yourself as a reproductive justice advocate, per se, take a moment to reflect next time you take the pill or get an STD test: For Latinas and other women of color, the diversity of experiences surrounding seemingly simple health decisions reflects the movement's progress, but also shows the challenges that remain in broadening access to family planning.
The political mobilization against reproductive choice is growing more militant by the day. So there's no reason for any woman to let down her guard until all are equally protected.Swords into Plowshares is the blog of the Peacemaking Program and the Presbyterian Ministry at the United Nations of the Presbyterian Mission Agency of the Presbyterian Church (U.S.A.).
Seeking peace. Striving for justice. Together. events at the CSW:
General Links
Presbyterian Links
Laetitia Wells | Jamie Staehle | Susan Brooksbank | Bruce Reyes-Chow
Ecumenical Women Links
The Presbyterian Ministry at the United Nations controls the content only on our own social media. We include a range of links as a way to share broad information and a range of expression about the Commission on the Status of Women.
The photo by Andrew Nam Chul Osborne shows work on the outcome document. Thanks to Bruce Reyes-Chow for providing a structure for this post.Any trade show that spans the better part of a week and nearly two million square feet of space will, by definition, be about a lot of things.
But as I walked the floor, watched the discussions, listened to the keynotes and scanned the announcements at this year’s International CES in Las Vegas, a handful of themes stood out. Here are the highlights and lowlights, the promising and surprising, and the disappointing and ridiculous things I noticed:
- CES this year was about thin laptops and big smartphones, high resolution TVs and high IQ appliances. It was about making devices prettier, like the HP Envy 14 Spectre and the Dell XPS 13. And it was about working to make gadgets easier to use by, among other things, replacing remotes, keyboards and mice with voice, touch and motion.
- It was a tale of two technology giants struggling to regain their glory after stumbling badly along the path to the mobile future. Microsoft and Intel took pains to demonstrate that they’re making the transition by highlighting the forthcoming Windows 8 operating system, HTC and Nokia smartphones running on Microsoft’s mobile software, and Lenovo and Motorola mobile devices powered by Intel chips.
- There were small things that solved real problems, like Griffin’s forthcoming mount for suspending your smartphone or e-reader from your upright and locked airline tray table, relieving passengers of the arm cramps that come with holding it up through a movie.
- We saw additional hints of how technology will become increasingly wearable and personal — or, to put it another way, how we’re slowly turning ourselves into cyborgs.
As my colleague pointed out, Innovega of Seattle was showing off efforts to develop contact lenses that can display images to the wearer, so your emails can pop up literally right before your eye and you can view the world through a layer of augmented reality.
Think Yelp reviews on the side of restaurants or the latest Tweet from the woman walking past you. Many of you will reflexively say, ‘no thanks, a line between personal technology and invasive technology has been definitively crossed!’ And you’ll be right.
- In some ways, CES this year was about where we’re going, rather than where we are. We were continually reminded that we’re on the precipice of some fundamental advances in technology. Carriers are rolling out zippy fourth generation wireless networks. Microsoft is bringing out an operating system with touch control on tablets and PCs. And a next generation of chips will offer big improvements in power and energy consumption.
These developments promise to bring about more fully realized versions of the ideas already at work in the ultrabooks, phones and TVs on display at CES. They’ll ultimately deliver smaller, thinner, faster, smarter, more intuitive, better integrated and ubiquitously-connected devices.
- We saw lots of power plays. The almost neurotic need for juice in our increasingly gadget-centric lives has spawned new product lines in their own right, like a bevy of battery cases for smartphones, wall socket converters with USB ports and even battery-equipped backpacks.
And now we come to the ‘as always’:
- As always, you couldn’t swing a LOLcat without hitting an iPhone cover at the show. They were tricked out with batteries, blinged out with jewels or equipped with bottle openers. They were waterproof, drop-proof or foolproof. And, for the most part, they were hideously ugly.
- As always, there were thousands of exhibitors on the show room floor insisting our headphones, TVs, laptops and smartphones that worked perfectly fine last month are now horribly antiquated and out of fashion.
- As always, those vendors employed hot women in embarrassingly scanty attire (otherwise known as booth babes) to lure dumb men to take a closer look at said gizmos. And in case that wasn’t enough, many used celebrities to draw eyes to products or people to events. LL Cool J, Snooki, Justin Timberlake and 50 Cent all made cameos this year. I won’t mention which products they endorsed — because it couldn’t matter less!
What does, however, is OMG I totally spotted Justin Bieber!
- As always, the symbiotic but unhealthy relationship between the tech industry and the tech media industry was on full display. They want us to pimp their products to strike deals and sell more units. We need to fill pages and blogs to satisfy an audience eager to hear what’s new.
It inevitably means that, collectively, we grant a level of attention to many products that is totally out of proportion to the value they might reasonably add to people’s lives. This week, it seemed no product was too silly, redundant or worthless for someone from somewhere to point a video camera at it.
And yet …
- CES also showcased how the mobile and Internet revolutions continue to change lives and commerce in meaningful ways, as the automotive, health care, entertainment, online, robotics and other industries all leverage apps, phones and tablets to invent new business models, better meet consumer needs and create new jobs.
Even as the economy remains in a funk for most industries, CES set a new record for exhibitors and nearly surpassed the all-time attendee mark.
- Finally, however, we also saw at the show how these unrivaled forces for growth and innovation face serious risks from the policy choices before us.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) took the stage to warn that the pendingStop Online Piracy Act and the Protect IP Act, aimed at confronting copyright infringement online, would deliver “a serious body blow” to the Internet.
Meanwhile, Federal Communications Commission Chairman Julius Genachowski sounded an alarm about the impending wireless spectrum crunch in the nation. Fittingly, he did so from a room where I couldn’t get an AT&T signal at all. Genachowski said we must address the problem soon and correctly, through among other things incentive auctions to free up underutilized capacity.
“At stake is U.S. leadership in mobile; at stake is a key platform for … harnessing technology to drive our economy,” he said.>> dropped like a rock in Google rankings on the 24th
of April. After having to become familiar with Google webmaster tools and doing
allot of investigating I discovered that there is a website that has 6,742 links to my website. I have
tried to contact siteloki with no response. I tracked them on Whois to an
office suite in LA called the building to find that the suite listed is the
building management suite. I have had
the following sent to them via email, their contact page and posted on their website
forum and still no reply:
Please take action to remove all links to this website
immediately!
I have been notified by my client that your website has a
malicious attack using links from
against.
My client did not solicit these links, pay for these links or authorize any
third party to build links for them. They just appeared. The links are even
pointing to my client’s old website (same url). This is a big problem and I
don’t understand why these links exist. There are currently 6,471 links from
your domain. Please remove these links immediately or we will consider legal
action against your company. We have contacted Google on the behalf of our
client and informed them of this malicious act. I expect to see these links
removed immediately!
Regards,
I have submitted the site in the malware reporting section
of webmasters tools. I have searched but cannot find any documentation on how
to block this type of attack. It seems that Google failed to provide any means
for an honest website owner following the rules to block this type of attack and
as a result we have been unjustly penalized by Google with a drop to the bottom
in our page ranking.
I would appreciate ANY HELP in removing these links and getting the Siteloki website blocked from linking to my website?
Any Ideas?.]
Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Security and Privacy Report 2014-2020 - The Challenges and Opportunities
(M2 PressWIRE Via Acquire Media NewsEdge) Dublin - For more information visit
CONTACT: Research and Markets, Laura Wood, Senior Manager.
press@researchandmarkets.com Fax from USA: 646-607-1907 Fax from rest of the world: +353-1-481-1716 Sector: Telecommunications and Networks (),
IT Security (
) .
. 
Tag Archives: Cancer. ; Kokeshi doll
Made this cake with a lot of love & care for my loving sister SAYURI!!! She is just crazy about anything related to JAPAN. So I thought, a KOKESHI doll cake will be a perfect gift !!!
butter cream cake with fondant access..thanks for looking!!!
Tags: birthday white pink cake vanilla
Goreti ...
cuteDanny E. Olinger
Although consisting of only thirty thousand members, the Orthodox Presbyterian Church operates home missions, foreign missions, and Christian education programs far larger than those of comparably sized Protestant denominations. This is due in no small measure to our shared belief that obedience to the Great Commission stands central to the spiritual well-being of the church. Witnessing to the Lord Jesus Christ through the preaching and teaching of the Word of God, both at home and abroad, goes hand in hand with seeking to glorify and enjoy the living God as the church's highest priority.
In fulfillment of the Great Commission, the Word of God goes forth from ordained ministers of the Word. But it is not just Orthodox Presbyterian pastors and teachers who participate in the work of the church. Everyone in the church has a role to play. Prayer is essential, and serving in love gives evidence of the Spirit's work in the heart where others are lifted up. It is also the privilege of every member to assist in the work of the church through the regular giving of offerings at the local church. A portion of these offerings is designated by local sessions for Worldwide Outreachfor the work of the Orthodox Presbyterian Church as a whole. And, once a year, there is also the opportunity to support our denominational ministries through the Thank Offering. Around twenty-five percent of the total amount needed to fund home and foreign missions and Christian education in the Orthodox Presbyterian Church comes from the benevolent giving of members and friends through this annual offering that expresses thankfulness for God's goodness to his church..!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
A survey by the u of T/Austin said campaign donors are more influential with members of Congress than anyone else.
That is, I almost never encounter students who write “u” instead of “you” or use smiley faces or abbreviations like “LOL.”
But “Do What u Want,” featuring, of all people, R. Kelly, is quite good. (e.g. U-Haul, attested from 1951).
U 3
The symbol for the element uranium.3 to 6 days
Free delivery when you spend over £75 (GBP).
Will be calculated at checkout
You must select a size
Quilted bag crafted in a faux leather from FRIIS & COMPANY. Closes with a zip. Double handle and metal chain. Adjustable and detachable shoulder strap. Two exterior pockets on the sides. Lined inside with textile. Contains three compartments, one closes with a zip.
Length 32 cm. Height 32 cm. Width 10 cm.
Made of 100% PU leather..Find a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
Reviews
WorldCat User Reviews (2)
A great spin-off.
A spin-off of Eclipse (the third entry in the Twilight saga), The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner is just as great as Eclipse is itself. It doesn't have any of the same characters (though some are mentioned), but it's still amazing. Four and a half stars.
- Was this review helpful to you?
Interesting perspective on the Twilight story
3 1/2 stars, actually.
This was a short, fun little glimpse inside the world of the "non-vegetarian" vampire newborns who fought the Cullen clan in the main series. It made me want to go...
Read more...
- Was this review helpful to you?
Similar Items
Related Subjects:(17)
- Swan, Bella (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction.
- Cullen, Edward (Fictitious character) -- Juvenile fiction.
- Vampires -- Juvenile fiction.
- Werewolves -- Juvenile fiction.
- Washington (State) -- Juvenile fiction.
- Teenage vampires -- Fiction.
- High school students -- Fiction.
- Teenage romance -- Fiction.
- Teenage boy/girl relations -- Fiction.
- Paranormal phenomena -- Fiction.
- Swan, Bella (Fictitious character) -- Fiction.
- Cullen, Edward (Fictitious character) -- Fiction.
- Vampires -- Fiction.
- Werewolves -- Fiction.
- Washington (State) -- Fiction.
- Horror stories.
- Fantasy.
User lists with this item (16)
- YA fiction(56 items)by booksonthebeach updated about a month ago
- Young Adult Fiction at HPU Libraries(274 items)by HPU.Learning.Commons updated 2015-03-02
- READ(87 items)
- stephenie rocks(5 items)by emypandaj@hotmail.com updated 2013-04-21
- YA Horror(55 items)Top Definition
adj. Urban shorthand for incredible.
Mazing ride dude!
That steel be mazing! Word! That a 38?
That steel be mazing! Word! That a 38?
3 more definitions
2
Something that is more amazing than amazing
OMG that is soooo M-azing!!!!!
Jasmine Odell)
3
Verb; To maze, after being in attendance at an event or celebration in a drunken fashion.
Trevor was mazing all the way home after the party.
Notamage & Drelleum inc.)
4
M-azing is not amazing, yet the opposite. It means to be bored and unsurprised at the actions or your friends. A sarcastic amazing if you will.
You can walk and talk...That's M-azing
Sarah Bear Lynn Marie Dup)First‘i, F, 6-7, 210, Sr., Dallas, Texas (Weatherford College)
Mac Hopson, Idaho, G, 6-2, 185,., Fort Worth, Texas (Navarro JC)
Nate Bendall, Utah State, F, 6-9, 245, Jr., Salt Lake City, Utah (Salt Lake CC)
Brian Green, Utah State, G, 6-1, 195, Jr., Kaysville, Utah (Salt Lake CC)
WOMEN
First Team
Shanavia Dowdell, Louisiana Tech
Tasha Harris, Boise State
Adrienne Johnson, Louisiana Tech
Tahnee Robinson, Nevada
Jaleesa Ross, Fresno State
Second Team
Crystal Boyd, New Mexico State
Rachele Kloke, Idaho
Shavon Moore, Nevada
Hayley Munro, Fresno State
Amber White, Utah State
All-Defensive Team
Alice Coddington, Utah State
Shanavia Dowdell, Louisiana Tech
Adrienne Johnson, Louisiana Tech
Shavon Moore, Nevada
Jaleesa Ross, Fresno State
All-Freshman Team
Banna Diop, Utah State
Lauren Lenhardt, Boise State
Julia Marshall, Boise State
Rosie Moult, Fresno State
Camila Rosen, New Mexico State
Player of the Year: Shanavia Dowdell, Louisiana Tech
Defensive Player of the Year: Jaleesa Ross, Fresno State
Newcomer of the Year: Tahnee Robinson, Nevada
Coach of the Year: Adrian Wiggins, Fresno State
8 comments:
I just noticed no Aggie men made the All Defensive team!
Is anyone surprised?
The last Aggie to make all defense was Fred Peete during the Reggie years and that was a long time ago.
Marvin can't coach and should go to the YMCA to learn how to play defense!
I think the Men's ALL WAC second team is better than the first team. What do you all think?
Damn, why are there 4 guards on the 2nd team?
Iam sorry but Hamidu Rahman was just as if not more of an effective player this season than Wendell and deserves to get some awards too. The numbers speak for themself. Wendell has more assist but Hamidu had more blocks. other than that pertty close numbers cross the board.
He was a force in the paint! I think he was the best true 5 in the leauge, I am sick of marvin down playing big fellas play when he has a great game. Marve didnt push for his big guy.
If you think iam just talking ish then look at the game last night. When they stoped gettin Rahman the ball they started to lose control of the game. If you didnt get paid you would stop working too!
All i have to say is that Hamidu is legit!!
Anon. 3:53 mentioned that no Aggies were on the All Defensive team.
I would rather have players on the ALL "D" team rather than offensively.
What's more disturbing is that no player during the Menzies era has been all Defense!!!
Menzies gives us all this blah, blah, blah, talk about defense but, although we can't see the defense, it doesn't mean we are blind!
Is it FB season yet?
The bloggers on this site show they do not know what they are talking about. Fred Peete was all WAC Defensive team for two years - 2006-2007 and 2007-2008. That is one year under Reggie and one year under Marvin, neither of whom are touted as defensive coaches. Peete was just a good defensive player despite the offensive emphasis.
Big Al
Fred Peete was a defensive All WAC that Reggie brought in from Kansas St. because he was a ball hawk. He led the Big XII in steals his Sophomore.
His recruitment did not happen by accident as most succesfull teams need a defensive stopper.
Has Menzies brought in anyone that can play defense?
Menzies has no clue about defense thus, doesn't know how to recruit defensive players.
I rest my case. Menzies still sucks w/ or w/o Fred Peete having his back!
Oh sure. Nowhere is it mentioned that five NMSU basketball players made all-conference No Defense First Team.
How's that for slipshod reporting.April 5, 2012
News Release 12-033
Inv. No. 337-TA-836
Contact: Peg O'Laughlin, 202-205-1819
USITC INSTITUTES SECTION 337 INVESTIGATION
ON CERTAIN CONSUMER ELECTRONICS AND DISPLAY DEVICES
AND PRODUCTS CONTAINING SAME
The U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) has voted to institute an investigation of certain consumer electronics and display devices and products containing same. The products at issue in this investigation include cellular telephones, personal computers, home theater audio and video components, televisions and gaming and media devices.
The investigation is based on a complaint filed by Graphics Properties Holdings, Inc., of New Rochelle, NY, on March 6, 2012. The complaint alleges violations of section 337 of the Tariff Act of 1930 in the importation into the United States and sale of certain consumer electronics and display devices and products containing same that infringe patents asserted by Graphics Properties Holdings, Inc. The complaint requests that the USITC issue an exclusion order and a cease and desist order.
The USITC has identified the following as respondents in this investigation:
Research in Motion Ltd. of Canada;
Research in Motion Corp. of Irving, TX;
HTC Corporation of Taiwan;
HTC America, Inc., of Bellevue, WA;
LG Electronics, Inc., of South Korea;
LG Electronics U.S.A., Inc., of Englewood Cliffs, NJ;
LG Electronics MobileComm U.S.A., Inc., of San Diego, CA;
Apple Inc. of Cupertino, CA;
Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., of South Korea;
Samsung Electronics America, Inc., of Ridgefield Park, NJ;
Samsung Telecommunications America, L.L.C., of Richardson, TX;
Sony Corporation of Japan;
Sony Corporation of America of New York, NY;
Sony Electronics, Inc. of San Diego, CA;
Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB of Sweden; and
Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications (USA) Inc. of Atlanta, GA.
By instituting this investigation (337-TA-8.WHAT IS // DABALASH?
Dabalash is a professional eyelash and eyebrow enhancer, the last innovation in Cosmetic science!
Its design and creation come from a lab with the best chemists and doctors specialized in cosmetics. This formula will transform your lashes to the best, leaving them Longer, Thicker and Fuller, and will fill your eyebrows too.
Our formula does not irritate cause is salt and parabens free, which are harmful to skin and hair. It contains keratin, ingredient that nourishes and strengthens the lash and brow. Combining this with our active ingredient makes Dabalash unique and original, making the difference from all products in the market.The Moscow Times reports:
Real.Hospitals Keeping Kids Away to Ward Off Flu
Parents remember the first time their older child met a new sibling -- usually at Mommy's hospital bedside. But this year, millions of big brothers and big sisters will have to wait until baby comes home to experience this milestone.
New restrictions at hospitals across the country are aimed at cutting the spread of the H1N1 virus, and since kids are forever passing germs back and forth, they're being banned from many hospitals.
"This is a hospital by hospital decision," says Elizabeth Lietz, a spokesperson for the American Hospital Association. "They take into consideration the patients and communities they serve and how H1N1 has been impacting their communities."The restrictions vary from location to location, but, in general, hospitals are not allowing anyone younger than 13, or, in some cases, 18, to visit patients during flu season. Hospitals are also limiting the number of visitors and are asking people who have typical flu symptoms like coughing, sneezing, vomiting, fever, diarrhea or a runny nose, to stay away.
"We understand that families want to visit their loved ones, but our focus is on the safety of patients and healthcare workers," says Lietz. In addition to the visitor restrictions, hospitals are also taking other measures to control the spread of the flu, like offering patients and visitors hand sanitizers and masks and setting up separate areas of the emergency room to care for people with flu symptoms.
Newborns, with their not-yet-developed immune systems, are more likely to become seriously ill if they get the flu, which is why these restrictions, while inconvenient, are so important.
_1<<Celebrity News For Feb. 12, 2014 | Late Edition
Derek Jeter Announces His Retirement
Like us on Facebook
- Derek Jeter is retiring after the 2014 baseball season — Sports Illustrated
- A Nickelodeon star has reportedly filed for bankruptcy — Us Weekly
- Gabrielle Union is vowing to get a prenup before marrying Dwyane Wade — People
- Watch the trailer for one of Paul Walker's last films — POPSUGAR Entertainment
- Leonardo DiCaprio turned down a ton of money for this '90s role — HuffPost Celebrity
- Is this Olympian the new Ryan Lochte? — Jezebel
- Emile Hirsch mocks Shia LaBeouf on Twitter — E! Online
- Lupita Nyong'o shares her beauty secrets — Pink Is the New Blog
- Taylor Lautner is replacing Andy Samberg on TV — Lainey Gossip
- The NYC weather is no match for Naya Rivera's midriff — Just Jared
Champagne Chiller & Ice Mold Kit
$30 at Napa Style | Buy
Bunnies on The Go
Chocolate bunnies are cool, I guess. But I wish they were faster.
$30 at Dean & DeLuca | Buy
Simplicity Sachet Keychain
Lavender keychain sachets, because lets be honest, your keys could smell better.19 Mar, 2010 in March 2010
Amazing PINKY Hi- Bounce Balls
Sometimes you’ve gotta go classic.19 Mar, 2010 in March 2010
Famous Hairstyles Coasters
$22 at Thimbletop | Buy
Fabric Covered Pushpins
It’s Spring cleaning time, get your bulletin board in order.
$10 at LeBoutique | Buy
Pink Bunny Mary Jane Shoes
Pink. Bunny. Shoes. That’s as stereotypically feminine as it gets.
$30 at emandsprout | Buy
The Eye Of Time Desk Clock
Spring forward.
$35 at Anthropologie | Buy
Confetti Eggs
$7 at gracieseggies | Buy
Push Along Duck
Enter duck truck. Because babies making quacking noises? The best.
$15 at Grasshopper 510 | Buy
Om Wind Chime
When the neighbors have one it’s annoying. When you have one, it’s a soothing reminder to spend more time on the porch.
Flower Boxes
Tissue paper flowers that you fluff upon arrival.
Sweet Bunny Necklace
Bird Vases
The flowers are coming! Prepare yourself.
$25 at Graham and Green | Buy
(Price converted from British Pound)
Chick bag
Lolaloo
A little machine that bounces the stroller for you so you can read your magazine in peace while the baby sleeps.
(Price Converted from the Euro)
Pinwheel Bridesmaid Bouque14 Mar, 2010 in March 2010
Egg Bird House
The cutesy version of living in a house shaped like a womb.
Grass Easter Egg Holder
Makeshift egg cups for a crowd.
Folding Wagon with Top
A collapsible market wagon with a shade top. The next best thing when your kid is too big to nap in the stroller.
YELLOW CANDY STRIPE PAPER BAGS
$5 at mr rabbit sir | Buy
Eco-Fabric Market Tote
Have you noticed that baskets are an adorable way to tote your groceries home? Take that, reusable bag!
$20 at The Container Store | Buy | Buy
Damask Series Birdseed Envelopes
Bring a few robins to your window.
$1 at SarahShannon Designs | Buy
Plan Toys Mini Bulldozer
Pastels Party Set Favor Baskets
Dump in some candy, and you have quick mini-Easter baskets for the kid’s table.
Robin Eggs
Slightly more civilized than smashing a 3 lb. chocolate bunny with a hammer.
$36 at Dean and DeLuca | Buy
Melvin Mobile Birds Kit
A DIY bird mobile for your tweetie.
$10 at Tate Online Shop | Buy
(Converted from British Pound)
Sparrow Clips
Fill a glassine bag with colorful mini-eggs, then secure a place card to each bag with one of these 16 birdie clips.
Positano Egg Cups
Egg and toast is such a lovely habit to cultivate.
$16 at Sur La Table | Buy
1-2-3 Grow With Me
Bamboo Compost Pail
Because a non-eco compost pail is too ironic.
$52 at The Field Museum Online | Buy05 Mar, 2010 in March 2010
Animals Growth Chart05 Mar, 2010 in March 2010
Trophy Lamp
The best part is lifting it over your head and carrying it triumphantly home from the store.
$400 at Haus Interior | Buy
Gravis Joy Sling Pack & Yoga Mat
Batik isn’t really your thing.
Surfin Kids Surfboard Growth Chart
Knot Rope Door Stop
Use it as a doorstop on the houseboat.
$45 at Haus Interior | Buy
Jack Spade Gym Bag
Remember when Chuck Taylors were high-tech basketball shoes? Your gym bag does.
$275 at Saks Fifth Avenue | Buy
Measure Me Stick
$120 at Studio 1a.m. | Buy
Bike Valve Key Rack
A small line of hooks made of recycled bicycle valves. via Cool Material
Open Cardigan
You have to wake up at 5 a.m. to fit your workout in – might as well be comfortable.
$50 at Urban Outfitters | Buy
Growth Chart - Burlap and Black
$35 at Molly Dunham | Buy
Cabledrop Cord Winder
How many times do you have to crawl around under your desk looking for your power cord.
$10 at Blue Lounge | Buy
Hanhart Stopwatch
Back to basics.
Handpainted and Woodburned Growth Chart
$50 at I Heart Sammi | Buy
« February 2010 April 2010 »Life Glow Organic
Organic Farm Tour and Small or Large Box of USDA-Certified Organic Produce from Life Glow Organic (Up to 51%Off)
Tour a working organic farm to see how they grow the produce that fills your box, which could include fruit, veggies, and a packet of seeds
Pasco County
Burgers and Sandwiches at Rum Runners (Up to 45% Off). Three Options Available.
Rum Runners
Palm Harbor
Cheeseburgers, sandwiches, nachos, and top-shelf liquors fuel poker tournaments, karaoke, and shuffleboard until 3 a.m.
$20
$12
Walking-Adventure Tour for Two or Four from Crazy Dash Digital Adventures (50% Off)
Crazy Dash Digital Adventures
Downtown
Participate in a nontraditional way to explore the city by completing clues and Crazy Dash Tasks
$39.95
$20
Tampa
Haunted History tours visit various spooky sites including an old building in the Historic district dating back to 1914
$25
$13
Horse-Farm Walking Tour for One, Two, or Four at The Gypsy Gold Farm (Up to 42% Off)
The Gypsy Gold Farm
Ocala
Tour introduces visitors to rare horses & delves into vibrant subculture that began breeding them
$30
$18
- GROM Technologies,
- Go Touch Down Travel and ToursAuburn defensive back Jerraud Powers gambled and won when he threw his name in the NFL. His decision to forgo his senior season was rewarded when he was selected by the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday.
Powers joins Auburn teammate -- and defensive lineman -- Sen'Derrick Marks in the draft. Marks was taken in the second round by Tennessee on Saturday. Look for offensive lineman Tyronne Green to go next.
Auburn's running draft total: 20 players beginning with the 2005 draft.
Some other Auburn names to consider -- either for the draft or as a free agent signee -- are running backs Brad Lester and Tristan Davis, linebacker Merrill Johnson, defensive lineman Tez Doolittle and receivers Rod Smith and James Swinton..
Can we petition NASA to nudge this thing to assure a hit? They can call it practice on helping to save Earth if one’s on a collision course with us.
Unfortunately, there isn’t enough time to launch a mission to nudge the comet (assuming that we had something that would do the trick {which we don’t}).
Darn. Kind of a tongue in cheek comment and kinda figured it wasn’t possible (was hoping), but boy oh boy, what a show!
Problem is with NASA’s luck it would nudge it into an orbit crossing ours.
This would NOT be a good thing.
cool.
Could we purposely crash it into Mars as a scientific experiment? We could test out gravitational tractors and possibly begin terra forming Mars if we crashed it into the polar ice caps.
If it did crash, how long would it take for the atmosphere to settle?
As long as it doesn’t knock down our flag.
I believe the SJL-flag meme is the second-most popular one on this blog after the Katy joke.
Not that I mind!
Gig ‘em. The Katy joke is just so atrociously stupid that it never gets old. It’s not unlike that ancient Three Stooges bit where Curly says, “I’ve got a weak back.” Moe: How long have you had it? Curly: About a week back.
I completly agree…this is not a good idea to endanger the American flag that Atronaut Armstrong planted on Mars in 1967. As the chairwoman of the space science committee, I strongly urge that a new tax be placed in order to keep this event from happening, and we must be sure to protect Mars with all due course.
I think a comet “dirty snowball” is what the biblical Wormwood is about. A comet is more dangerous than a meteor because of speed and it isn’t just rock. It is ice and gas. The gas would be toxic to our drinking water, food,and entire environment. I’m sure that is what wiped out the dinosaurs and could be the reason Noah needed an Ark. This will be an interesting event. I can’t wait.
You are talking biblical mythology in a science blog…seriously?
The “reason” Noah needed an ark. OMG, are you drunk?!!?
Unless the Ark orbited the Earth for 40 days and 40 nights it wouldn’t be much protection from a comet strike. If you want to believe in miracles don’t try to shoehorn them into science.
Very nice of Mars to take the hit for us!
I didn’t know that the vehicles planted any flag on Mars like our astronauts physically did on the moon ages ago and I saw them do it via television. If a flag should be planted on Mars it should be the Texas one because it is the only part of this country where freedom may still reign, and that’s no yoke.
I can assure you that no asteroid strike 65 million years ago wiped out the dinosaurs. Also with a 16 plus trillion debt and borrowing over 46% of every dollar spent we need to shut down all unnecessary spending and NASA space spending is unnecessary.
not from a sicence point you cant.
Obvious troll is obvious. Try harder.
saved, what a boring life you have.
Oh so were you there? and what? you saw nothing?.. oh wait.. impossible because in your view the Earth is only 6000 years old…
WOW, thank you for making all Christians look ridiculously stupid. NASAs budget is 1% of 1 penny of every dollar of the federal budget. NASA is the only agency that really contributes to the betterment of mankind.
YOU and people like you are why I do not go to a church anymore, I just can’t believe how stupid you are.
We need to cut all the freaking welfare and a big chunk of the defense dept budget and give it to NASA so we get more than a two week notice for killer asteroids.
NO spaceflight article is complete without ‘saved’ contributing his usual Anti-Science diatribe… which he usually disguises as a budget-saving measure. His comments in other forums betray his true nature, however… he is a creationist, and a literalist re: his chosen holy book (with all that implies).
He can usually be found hanging around in the comments section of crime articles, advocating the use of Singaporean-style Caning as a punishment for the miscreants.
With all that implies…
==
It’s funny how “saved” can you you people all worked up like this. Just read on and try not to act like idiots in response. Take it to another level. As dumb as his views seem to you, don’t bring yourself to his level by insulting millions of Christians who do accept science along with faith and history.
Great to know that Katy is not in eminent danger. Next, the aging NASA Astronaut Corps that makes decisions for future trillions of space bucks needs to quietly exit stage left. Enter a group of nerds, mathematicians and scientists who can make educated guesses, based on science and the latest advances, about the little rocks and comets out there that could turn the earth into a science project. Go, nerds.
By the way, there is part of the scientific world that does not buy the theory that an asteroid impact killed the dinosaur population.
Sure Jack but the building preponderance of evidence and its analysis are leaving less and less room for other causes as an explanation. But it is pretty much for certain that the possible impact discussed here on Mars will do little more than rearrange the rocks there.
If they do not know if it will hit Mars then they do not know whether Mars can alter the comet’s trajectory by gravity so that it would hit Earth. Small chance but a chance.
Having a comet hit mars = awesome. Having a big chunk break off as a result and aim at Earth = totally awesome!
I wonder what the loss of mass would do to Mars and how it would affect Earth’s orbit around the Sun?
I’d feel a lot better about our chances if we started practicing on some of these. We need to be ready.
You religious folks need to realize that science is about facts. Not myths or superstition. We know that our planet has been hit by huge objects millions of years in the past. It is not open for debate.
Religious folks know science is based on as many theories and hypothesi as it is facts.
Religious folks know science is based on as many theories and hypothesi as it is facts.
-
And that is where they (and many others) are mistaken.
The Scientific Method isn’t about ‘proving what something is’… it is about ‘proving what something cannot be‘, in order to arrive at the truth of a matter…
Or, as is usual, find that new discoveries lead to new questions that no one ever knew to ask! Knowledge builds upon itself…
Re: ‘Facts’, ‘Theories’, ‘Hypotheses’, etc…
Those terms aren’t used the same way amongst scientists as they are amongst non-scientists… they can pretty much be regarded as ‘Jargon’, but this doesn’t keep the Anti-Science crowd from attempting to try and score points amongst their brethren by using those terms out of context.
==
(bleep) this. I’m out of here.
-
Katy.
Our Universe doing what it does.
If the comet misses, it’s orbit will be deviated by Mar’s gravity well, could it then become a threat to Earth?
No.
That was a quick no. I just watched the projected path of the comet (;orb=1), and the closest approach to Earth is after the Mars pass. I know it’s unlikely, but has someone ruled out it coming closer because Mars?
No…but don’t let the fear mongers in Washington know it. They’ll find a way to spread fear and tax us for it…like the global air tax we have.
Dr. Berger:
Wouldn’t you say our neighbors in Austin face a similar dilemma as Mars? I’m talking about a (possible) collision course with a North Korean nuke. What effect would that have on Houston, which is three hundred miles away?
Paul,
How slow are you driving? It’s only 160 miles or so from Houston to Austin. Also, if I were Kim Jong-un, I’d lob a nuke at Houston instead of Austin, given the amount of refining and the number of pipelines that run through our area.
And either way, Katy is doomed…
==
Lil Kim is targeting Austin because there is a big Samsung facility there.
Where’s Dr. Who when you need him?
With all the currently accepted theories that comets brought water and “life” to the Earth may the “scientists” should look at a ‘proof’ of their theory with a comet delivering the same to Mars. With nearly a year to prepare they need to get their act in order and get their measurements and samples as a benchmark for before and after comet impact.
Is your “quotation mark” key acting up?
35 million tons of TNT? Sure good to get this out of the way before we humans set up shop on Mars as the get a way place to avoid a life(especially ours) extinction event here at home.
Say that same comet were to hit the Earth, wouldn’t the blast be bigger because Earth has more gravity causing the impact to have a greater delta V?
What’s the minimum time transit to Mars orbit for a probe?
If we know it’s going to impact, it would probably be worthwhile to delay other projects and get something over there specifically for the observations.
Minimum transit time + minimum build time + small margin for delays = Latest date at which to make a decision.
The minimum transit time depends on a number of factors including the relative positions of Earth and mars (e.g., we cannot use a minimum-energy Hohman right now because the planets are in the wrong positions), the amount of thrust the probe has (e.g., high energy chemical rocket or low energy ion drive), when and how long it uses that thrust (e.g., boost and coast or constant drive), etc.
Right now, it would probably take on the order of a year and a half to get anything to Mars. So we’ve missed the boat for this event.Images?
Why […]
Images may not be re-posted without permission. Rumors suggest an all-new Mercedes-Benz G-Wagon is set to arrive in 2017. Here are my renderings of what the new G-Class could look like. They were shared on Motor Trend a month ago.
A simple one, imagining the hatchback of the first generation C-Class.
This is my second attempt in rendering the C-Class Sportcoupé. You can view my previous renderings here. This time around I borrowed the roofline on the Mercedes-Benz Coupe SUV Concept.
The Mercedes-Benz S-Class Cabriolet will come in 2015. And it’s likely to wear a cloth roof rather than metal. This will be Benz’s biggest cabriolet yet, and will potentially rival the Bentley Continental GT Convertible.
This was rendered with reference to spyshots.Scavenger hunt and cooking class
Trip Start Jan 20, 2010
1
5
40Trip End May 15, 2010
Map your own trip!
Map Options
Show trip route
Hide lines
After the cooking class we had a scavenger hunt around the university, neighborhood and all the way out to the old city. We had to do things such as take a picture in front of the Greek church down the street, find out how much laundry detergent cost at a certain store, etc. The hunt was divided into the things around the university, the neighborhood and the old city. Our final stop was to end up at Xefoto to turn in our sheets and have dinner. I was on a team with my roommates (Paige and Anna) and Andrea who lives across the hall. Once we finished the neighborhood and the university, we took a cab to the old city, while walking around we got very turned around and lost. We showed a handful of people the address to where we needed to get to but no one knew where we were going. It was starting to get dark, the streets were deserted and we needed to be there by 7 (it was 6:55). We ended up finding it in the end but we were unable to finish all the items on the list.
We went back to the same place for dinner (Xefoto) as the night before. We walked in and the owner remembered us. I needed up having the village salad for dinner while the other girls got food from chilies next door. We sat at the same table as the girls we eat with the night before. They had ordered lamb and let us try a bite, which melted in your mouth like butter, it had been slow cooked all day. Toward the end of our dinner a live band started Greek music and a bunch of people started dancing the traditional steeps, and playing the tambourine and showering people with paper confetti. The place was loud and alive. Our dinner always last two hours filled with lots of conversation and wine.It's acting like its not getting power... I tried 2 working batteries in it, and got the same results. I can try to turn it on as much as I want, yet, nothing happens. I plug it in and no lights come on. I did 2 battery pulls, and the phone stayed on for about 2 minutes each time, but that's no longer working. ANy help would be greatly appreciated as I do not have the money for a new phone. This is my moms old phone, actually, and is definitely out of warranty.Kia breaks out its new Forte
Whale on Wheels
2014 KIA FORTE EX Engine: 2.0-liter DOHC I-4, 173 bhp Length/width/height (in.): 179.5/70.1/56.5 Weight: 2,857 lb MPG city/hwy/observed: 24/36/31 Base warranty: 5 yrs/60,000 miles Price as tested: $25,515 Alternatives: Chevrolet Cruze, Ford Focus, Honda Civic, Hyundai Elantra, Mitsubishi Lancer, Nissan Sentra, Subaru Impreza, Toyota Corolla, VW Golf
.
Near the top of the segment in power, the Kia Forte EX is reasonably brisk and response is heightened by an eagerly calibrated gas pedal. It is powered by a 2-liter direct-injection engine producing 173 horsepower and an EPA rating of 24 city/36 highway.
Remember what the last generation Kia Forte sedan looked like? Yeah, I didn't either after I saw the 2014 version. Kia has had a fair amount of success building style and features into its cars, so much so that many buyers don't even mention the warranty, and their boxlike Soul outsells not only the Scion xB model it closely targeted but the entire brand.
So Kia's applied the formula to the 2014 Forte: Completely new style, plenty of features — some exclusive to the Forte in the compact class — and better fuel economy. Contrary to ads proclaiming "all new," this Forte shares nothing more than a couple of nuts and bolts with its predecessor.
The Forte is not only longer and wider than before but lower and sleeker. Sculpted door panels are nearly the reflection of the window line, the front quarter window isn't part of the door but the mirror is, and lights vary by model and option: Fully-loaded cars have HID low beams, LED eyebrows above the headlights and bent-ellipse taillights that recall a Ford Fusion. To get the top-drawer car you also have to get the 17-inch alloy wheels which help aesthetics and handling.
The standard LX Forte comes with a 148-horsepower 1.8-liter four-cylinder engine and six-speed manual or automatic transmission, just like the sister Hyundai Elantra. However, the EX gets a 2-liter direct-injection engine the Elantra doesn't offer, with 173 hp and a nominal drop (1 mpg) in EPA ratings to 24/36. That's the power of the old 2.4-liter engine with far better mileage, and I beat the EPA numbers by 1-2 mpg. On the downside the EX/2.0 is automatic only, and since it also includes more standard equipment, $2,000 more than an LX.
Near the top of the segment in power, the Forte EX is reasonably brisk and response is heightened by an eagerly calibrated gas pedal. The transmission is well-matched, the combination smooth enough to avoid complaints. All-disc brakes readily cope with a full load and are easy to modulate.
Strut front and torsion beam rear suspension deliver decent ride quality, and the wider 17-inch tires add slightly to steering response and grip … or noise on bad road surfaces. The adjustable-weight steering system is called Flex Steer: I really don't want any flex in my steering, but it's easy to direct the car and most people will leave it in normal. The Forte didn't warrant any exclamations or accolades on the winding road, where its much better than being pushed near limits on a track, but the lighter yet stiffer new structure of the car has paid off in cabin quietness — few compacts allow me to call hands-free at 75 mph next to a truck without boosting the volume.
General cabin layout is very functional and the added inches mean four adults fit; the center rear seat viable only for short-term, short-person use. The front seats had sufficient support for four-hour drives and the seating position offers a good view — even with power adjustment I felt I was sitting on top of the seat, not in it, though I wasn't scuffing the moonroof or reaching for any controls.
Except possibly the top-right touchscreen quadrant — remember to set your seat arm extended..
A dog-bone instrument pack offers the usual info, optioned EX upgrades to electroluminescent displays and a logical center-screen menu. Soft-touch armrest and upper door panels, plus a faux stitched dash top add appeal and credit Kia with sculpting the passenger's dash, an area all too often left entirely flat and bland, with a triple-scallop that echoes the door panels.
For the road everyone on board can bring their luggage, the Forte offering up 14.9 cubic feet of trunk space. That's good by compact car standards (only the Chevy Cruze and Nissan Sentra are larger and only by about 2 percent), and it's bigger than a lot of more luxurious rides like a Lexus GS or Audi A8. The 60/40 rear seatbacks drop forward from the trunk, increasing capacity or awkward item loading.
The Forte starts at $16,000 for an LX manual, and that includes CD/MP3/XM/Sirius audio, Bluetooth, USB input, air, power windows and locks, tilt-and-telescoping steering column and trip computer with outside temperature. An automatic LX goes from $17,400 and for $900 you can add 16-inch alloy wheels and many of the conveniences of the EX.
An EX starts at $19,400. Buy 17-inch alloys for $300 and you can add the Premium pack (leather upholstery, moonroof, four heated seats and steering wheel, cooled driver seat, driver memory system, puddle lamps, pushbutton start, illuminated exterior door handles, front and rear park assist, auto-dimming inside mirror with HomeLink, etc.). If you've gone that far you can add the Technology pack which has navigation with traffic, HD radio, gauge upgrade, HID headlights, dual-zone climate control and LED taillights.
That will make a $25,000 Forte sedan. You could spend almost that much on a 140-hp Honda Civic and the same on a 160-hp Ford Focus, both of which have more entertaining dynamics, but if you want to be feature-spoiled, a loaded Forte EX has no equal. “automatic” use of panel methods for testing for unit roots in macroeconomic time series. Copyright (January)
Pages: 77-91
References listed on IDEAS
Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.:
-orion, Philippe & Sweeney, Richard J., 1996. "Mean reversion in real exchange rates: evidence and implications for forecasting," Journal of International Money and Finance, Elsevier, vol. 15(4), pages 535-550, August.
- Tamim Bayoumi & Ronald MacDonald, 1999. "Deviations of Exchange Rates from Purchasing Power Parity: A Story Featuring Two Monetary Unions," IMF Staff Papers, Palgrave Macmillan, vol. 46(1), pages 5.
- Ronald MacDonald & Tamim Bayoumi, 1998. "Deviations of Exchange Rates From Purchasing Power Parity; A Story Featuring Two Monetary Unions," IMF Working Papers 98/69, International Monetary Fund.
- Bayoumi, Tamim & MacDonald, Ronald, 1998. "Deviations of Exchange Rates from Purchasing Power Parity: A Story Featuring Two Monetary Unions," CEPR Discussion Papers 1932,.
- Banerjee, Anindya, 1999. " Panel Data Unit Roots and Cointegration: An Overview," Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics, Department of Economics, University of Oxford, vol. 61(0), pages 607-29, Specialohansen, Soren, 1995. "Likelihood-Based Inference in Cointegrated Vector Autoregressive Models," OUP Catalogue, Oxford University Press, number 9780198774501,.
- Mark, Nelson C, 1995. "Exchange Rates and Fundamentals: Evidence on Long-Horizon Predictability," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 85(1), pages 201-18, March.
- Oh, Keun-Yeob, 1996. "Purchasing power parity and unit root tests using panel data," Journal of International Money and Finance, Elsevier, vol. 15(3), pages 405-418, June.
- Papell, David H & Theodoridis, Hristos, 2001. "The Choice of Numeraire Currency in Panel Tests of Purchasing Power Parity," Journal of Money, Credit and Banking, Blackwell Publishing, vol. 33(3), pages 790-803, August.
-.
-.
-:spr:empeco:v:30:y:2005.Earlier this year, there were rumors about a new LEGO set that consists of figures from the popular animated TV show The Simpsons. The company faced backlash over these rumors because of the show’s mature content.
On Tuesday, LEGO confirmed plans to release a new set of figures based on The Simpsons’ characters in 2014 according to CNN[1]. The fans didn’t react very well when the initial rumors came out because LEGO is supposed to produce toys for kids, and The Simpsons is not a show meant for kids.
Many LEGO fans started a petition on the company’s online forum asking LEGO to avoid making these toys because of the show’s mature content. However, fans don’t seem to be nearly as outraged anymore.
Twitter has been blowing up with excitement from fans after the company made the official announcement. LEGO made headlines last week when they announced a new ‘architecture’ line for adults[2].There’s more to see...
Come take a look at what else is here!
Related Pins!
Your neighborhood custom map play mat - I am Here - LARGE
kids food
Fun Food - Funny Face Sandwiches for Bento Boxes or Kids Meals
Cute face sandwiches for kids lunch box or after school snacks
Have fun with kids packed lunches.
silly faces sandwiches
Some of the cutest open face sandwiches you could possibly imagine! :) #cute #sandwiches #food #kids #lunch #bento #kawaii
fun food for kids... Hot Date Night Fixes () Can Narcissists Find Love? () Do You Know the Difference Between Caring and Caretaking? ()?Houston ISD has hired Samuel Coleman as the new principal of Yates High School, according to district spokeswoman Sarah Greer Osborne. Coleman most recently served as a special education program manager for the San Diego Unified School District, which HISD Superintendent Terry Grier led before coming here.
Leading Yates, a school better known these days for basketball than for academic rigor, will be Coleman’s first full-time principal job. He has served as an interim principal and a vice principal as well as a teacher.
Yates has been without a permanent principal since mid-September when Ronald Mumphery resigned amid an HISD investigation into allegations of sexual harassment. The district since has decided not to pursue criminal charges against Mumphery.
UPDATE: I spoke with Arva Howard, a Yates graduate and parent who was on the interview committee for the new principal. She had high praise. “He’s high-energy but with a calmness as well,” she said of Coleman. “It’s a unique mix. His urgency relates to achievement, but he’s patient with the children. He’s very diplomatic but he’s not afraid to speak truth. He said, ‘I know y’all are celebrating the basketball team, but let’s make academics something that can be celebrated at even higher levels.’”
In a news release from HISD, Coleman had this to say:
“I am excited and honored to become part of a school that has such a rich and important history in the community as well as a passionate and involved alumni base. I want to honor the tradition of Yates, but I also look forward to raising the bar and creating opportunities for kids to succeed and to graduate fully prepared for the college and career of their choice.”
Coleman’s wife recently was hired by HISD as a curriculum and instruction officer.
He is the husband of the Asst. Sup. for C&I. They won the jackpot on salaries by coming to Houston. At what point does someone report the HIGH salaries all these Grier connected folks are getting?? Wowza!!!!
Cronyism at work! You could have found a loyal AP from within the district.
This makes sense. He has no idea what he is getting into. Good Luck!
Terry Grier you couldn’t find anyone in Texas for this job? You continue to outsource jobs here in Houston to people in California. Am sick and tired of you doing this! Can’t wait till your out of the district.
Give the guy the benefit of the doubt. The question is will Terry Grier accept responsibility for creating an unstable environment at Yates, and the cause if Yates drops to Unacceptable, or show no improvement from its Acceptable rating?
I don’t think this guy has a clue as to what he is getting into and somehow I think HISD wants it that way
i knew Grier had a hand in this. sounds like another school district near houston. and that superintendent makes $280K a year and he came from desoto just like the new coach for the very same district. i am with hisd, surely there are people in texas somewhere that are just as qualified. keep the jobs and opportunities here in texas.
Guess they couldn’t find someone in the entire state of Texas who was qualified to fill this position? Or maybe no one who wanted to fill it?!?!?!
TEXAS needs to follow HISD’s lead and just HIRE teachers and administrators from California! Because “WE” all know, California’s school system is SOOOO much better than that of TEXAS! NOT!!!!
Getting rid of Grier begins with getting RID OF THE BOARD who brought him!!!! Let’s start there and remember who brought him here during VOTING TIME!!!!
“Terry Grier you couldn’t find anyone in Texas for this job?”
“Guess they couldn’t find someone in the entire state of Texas who was qualified to fill this position? Or maybe no one who wanted to fill it?!?!?!”
Apparently no one in HISD can match Coleman’s experience as a special ed program manager, interim principal, vice principal and teacher. And don’t forget his wife is a curriculum and instruction officer.
“I don’t think this guy has a clue as to what he is getting into and somehow I think HISD wants it that way”
At least Coleman is not jaded? Maybe Grier and Coleman knows a thing or two that the neighborhood gangs don’t?
Regardless of allegations, Ronald Mumphery was an effective principal for Yates. At least some gang members feared him. I hope Coleman can be just as effective for those students that want to learn.
Nothing says, ‘professional standards’ like hiring the husband of a high ranking administration insider.
Either the Board stands up to this bs or we get a new Board in the next election.
We had to pay off CEP for Grier destroying it so….one of his cronies could get the job.
EVAAS….the promoter of this proven failure is a fellow North Carolinian.
Apollo 20…..sucking the air out of working schools
TNTP…..bring in ‘Teach for America’ teachers who do not stick around,
And what is that odor coming from the purchasing dept.? Why do those same vendors show up no matter where ever Grier goes?
How supine can an allegedly independent Board get and not bear responsibility for what its out of control leader does?
The jury is still out on this one. I hope since Mr. Coleman doesn’t mind speaking the truth, it is my sincere hope that he has a back bone to go with it as well. If I am traveling to New York and it seems as if I am lost, I am going to call someone that has been to New York and can give me directions to get back on track. I would not call someone who has never been remotely close. If you want to turn the school around, why not get someone who has been there(A Principal) and can look at the problem and knows what is needed. Would you allow a Nurse to perform an operation on you just because she worked in a hospital before? How can you turn around something if you have never been there(A Principal).Provence Trip Reports (includes side trip to Bras)
Just returned from a week in Provence (we were based in Le Barroux- a charming, quiet village) and wanted to report on our meals. Usually, we decided where we want to eat and let that dictate our itinerary, but for this trip we chose where to eat based on what village/area we wanted to visit on that particular day.
Sunday Lunch- L'Aile ou la Cuisse in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence- went with the set lunch and had salmon rillettes, grilled pork chop with vegetables and a raspberry mille-feuille pastry selected from their dessert display. Each course was well prepared and the menu offered good value. Service was pleasant and welcoming even though the place was very busy. Would return.
Monday Lunch- L’Essential in Avignon- We sat on the interior courtyard and had a very pleasant lunch. I had the more expensive of the two set lunches and had a soft boiled egg with brandade and truffles, Duck a l'Orange with Asian spices, and a strawberry dessert (can’t remember more). The egg/truffle dish was perhaps the dish of the trip and one of the better dishes I’ve eaten. Runny yolk, plentiful truffles that did were full of earthy flavor goodness. Just fantastic. My duck main was well cooked and the seasoning and accompaniments worked well. I can’t recall the details of the dessert, but I remember enjoying it. Service here was especially friendly and attentive. Would return and definitely recommend.
Tuesday lunch- Dolium Restaurant outside Beaumes-de-Venise- We made the poor choice to sit outside on a day when it was just a little too warm so we hurried through this meal a bit. We both had the set lunch with a melon soup to start and I then had cod with vegetables. The soup was refreshing if a little one note and the fish was well cooked, but also not especially memorable. We skipped dessert. Service was good and I think I’d return here if given the chance as the lunch menu was a good value, but on food alone this wasn’t a highlight.
Tuesday dinner- L’Oustalet in Gigondas- We went here mainly for the wine list as it contains many CdP wines at great prices compared to what one would pay in the US. I expected the food to be fine, but it ended up being very good. We both had three courses and I had the artichoke raviolis, grilled veal and a rhubarb dessert. The veal was fantastic and another contender for best dish of the trip. Service was some of best we received on the trip and this was very pleasant dinner. Would definitely return and recommend to others.
Wednesday dinner- Michel et Sebastien- the “big” meal of the trip was a day trip out to Bras for a night at the hotel and dinner. The drive from Le Barroux through the Cevennes National Park (we elected to take the slower scenic route and skipped the autoroutes) was just beautiful- vineyards, mountains, forests, and then rolling hills reminiscent of the Scottish countryside. Bras has always been a place I’d dreamed of going to since I became interest in food and restaurants and it was incredible actually being there as the countryside and hotel was more beautiful than could have imagined. Service was impeccable and friendly from the moment we checked in. We settled into our room (we had the basic room, but found it to be perfect and well appointed. I can see how the nicer rooms would have a slightly better view, but we were very pleased with the accommodations). The lounge opens for aperitifs at 7:30 and wanting to enjoy the views from there as long as we could, we were one of the first to arrive. We enjoyed champagne and canapés there while perusing the menu and winelist. I ordered the longer tasting menu while my wife, who is a vegetarian, had their vegetable menu which they modified to make fully vegetarian. I don’t want to cover all the dishes as I didn’t take notes and I enjoy not knowing every detail before a meal. Highlights of the meal were one of the canapés which was a hollowed out egg with an egg custard and beets, the Gargouillou dish, lobster, and I enjoyed their warm foie gras preparation more than I usually do. I found the meal from start to finish to not have an off note. I can see how people seeking more “exciting” food could find the cooking here boring as it does seem fairly classic by today’s standard and perhaps the food all by itself wasn’t perfect, but to me the total experience of dining at the restaurant defined the definition of a 3 star- definitely worth a special journey. The service team took great care of us all evening and was both attentive and generally technically correct while being friendly. Not as polished as the team at Le Cinq and definitely a very young staff, but even if there were minor errors, nothing they did spoiled our evening or detracted from our enjoyment of the meal. We also had breakfast in our room the following morning and found it delicious and a great way to finish the visit. Perhaps not a great value at 28E a person and people seeking a heavier bacon/eggs meal would be disappointed, but everything we ate was fresh and well prepared and we left very happy. I would definitely recommend a stay/meal at Bras as much for the dinner and hotel itself as the journey to get there.
Thursday dinner- Entre Potes in Le Barroux- tired from the journey back from Bras and sightseeing in Nimes, we had dinner at one of the few restaurants in the small village of Le Barroux. Entre Potes is a very modest place, a true local spot. Foodwise, everything was fine and was very satisfying as we were searching just for some rustic, hearty cooking. The highlight of the evening was a true show of French hospitality and one of our favorite moments of the trip. Shortly after we arrived, an older couple arrived and were clearly locals as they knew everyone in the restaurant. Not recognizing my wife and I, they bought us glasses of wine and came by our table to welcome us to the village. We often feel that the French are presented unfairly in how they treat visitors and especially Americans, but I can’t imagine being made to feel more welcome in a foreign place as we did that night. It illustrated why we love France so much.
Friday lunch- L’Arome in Bonniuex- After shopping in the market we stopped by L’Arome for lunch and unfortunately, this was my least favorite meal of the trip. We had the set lunch and had a fish carpaccio, duck and honey crème brulee. While nothing was unedible, the dishes lacked finesse and in the case of the duck could’ve been executed better. The dining room is very charming and we received good service so not a bad meal, but not a place I’d return to.
A final note, I mentioned that my wife is a vegetarian and wanted to say that all the restaurants were very accommodating and she ate very well as the restaurants were always able to put together something for her and did so without any issue.ROTAN - Belle Hunsaker Everheart, 83, of Amarillo, formerly of Rotan, died Sunday, Dec. 16, 2007.
Celebration of life services will be at 2 p.m. Tuesday in First United Methodist Church with the Rev. Jack Dominquez and the Rev. Johnny Robertson officiating. Burial will be in Rotan Cemetery by Weathersbee Ray Funeral Home.
Mrs. Everheart was born March 28, 1924, in Rotan, the youngest of nine children to William Lee and Mae Estella Morrow. She graduated from Rotan High School and attended Mary Hardin Baylor. She married Forrest E. Hunsaker on May 16, 1942, in Victoria. They farmed in Fisher County until his death in 1991.
She married Lee E. Everheart on Oct. 18, 1999, in Rotan. She was a homemaker and active in First United Methodist Church in Rotan. They moved to Lubbock in 2001 and to Amarillo in 2004.
She was preceded in death by her parents; six brothers, Ira Morrow, Raymond Morrow, Jessie Morrow, Ruple Morrow, Preston Morrow and Juston Morrow; and two sisters, Clara Carter and Lula Mae Crawford.
Survivors include her husband, Lee; two sons, Wesley Morrow Hunsaker and wife Cecilia of Rotan and Perry Hunsaker and wife Jeanie of Amarillo; a daughter, Suzanna Wilson of Childress; eight grandchildren; 13 great-grandchildren; and a brother-in-law, Pirtle Hunsaker and wife Norma of Cisco.
The family suggests memorials be to First United Methodist Church, P.O. Box 337, Rotan, TX 79546.
Pallbearers will be her grandsons, Jeff Hunsaker, Mike Wilson, Dusty Hunsaker, Josh Wilson, Billy Burns, Jeff Vanlandingham, Brian Carreon and D.J. Alvarado.
Visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m. today at the funeral home.
Amarillo Globe-News, Dec. 17, 2007
Amarillo Globe-News © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy / About Our AdsThis is a quick little AutoCAD routine from Mat Kirkland that has a specific purpose: to open your predefined QNEW template. If you find yourself making frequent edits to your template file, load this LISP file and type in DWT. Your default QNEW template will be open for editing. If you do not have a defined QNEW template, a message will tell you so. You'll also need to add your user name (returned by the system variable "loginname") to the LISP file. This code could be modified to open any frequently used drawing — use your imagination.Videos tagged “l2bf”
- 03:11
75 Plays / 0 Likes / 0 Comments
A short edit for Live 2 Be Free+ More details
- 00:10
45 Plays / 0 Likes / 0 Comments
Chris Kong is a toy designer that has founded two toy companies, Made By Monsters & Garage Works Industries. He has collaborated with companies and artists like, Ron English, Vans and Disney. While in the city promoting the launch for the toy he created for Ron English and Chris Brown’s collaboration, a new toy series, “Dum English.” He stopped thru the compound to embark on a new journey with L2BF.+ More details
- 00:42
63 Plays / 1 Likes / 0 Comments
What are Tags?
Tags are keywords that describe videos. For example, a video of your Hawaiian vacation might be tagged with "Hawaii," "beach," "surfing," and "sunburn."Message-Id: <v0213050dad480ffde8f0@[192.33.12.173]> Date: Wed, 14 Feb 1996 18:17:52 -0400 To: www-html@w3.org From: irons@swell.hampshire.edu (Scheckie Irons) Subject: Re: >> could someone PLEASE tell me how in the heck they >> were able to send information to me through the ADDRESS line in the >> Netscape browser? they also had multiple images over each other... >> Could someone please tell me how they did that---? >If you view the document source you'll see the JavaScript they >use.... You will not, however, glean what caused them to think that text scrolling slowly and choppily across the bottom of a window was a good idea. (Just for fun, sit there and watch it go for a minute or two. JavaScript runs out of memory and, in my admittedly limited tests, locks up Netscape about half the time.) --Browser does not support script.
Please find details about our policies and procedures:
Governance Structure Chart
OPCC Staff Code of Conduct - October 2014
Ethical Framework
Governance and Scrutiny Principles and Process
Stop and Search
Record Retention Schedule
Whistleblowing Policy
Twitter Policy - Official profile of the Avon and Somerset Police and Crime Commissioner
Twitter Policy - Avon and Somerset Youth Champion account
Twitter Policy - Custody Visiting and Volunteering Officer and Anti-social behaviour Champion account
OPCC Business Plan
Data Protection and Freedom of Information Policy
Joint Operating Policy - Information Management
Gifts and Hospitality Policy
Financial Assistance in Legal Proceedings Policy
Scheme of Governance
OPCC Travel and Expenses Policy
Equal Opportunities
Health and Safety
OPCC Safeguarding Policy
PCC Statement - Safeguarding
OPCC Pre-election Guidance 2015
Use of Personal Information - Fair Processing Notice
Use of Personal Information - Summary Form
Use of Personal Information - Individual Consent FormsAccessibility tools
Service tools
Language selector
Navigation path
Additional tools
Scania AB (publ)
Scania
Aktiebolag
II - In-house lobbyists and trade/business/professional associations
Companies & groups
Vagnmakarvägen, 1
Södertälje 15187
SWEDEN
(+46) 855381000
Avenue Tervueren 2
Brussels 1040
BELGIUM
(+32) 7376900
Mr Martin Lundstedt
President and CEO
Ms Åsa Pettersson
Head of public and environmental affairs EU Affairs focuses on Sustainability, Connectivity and Technical regulations. Trade policy is also important.
Key issues at the moment are the upcoming CO2 legislation for heavy-duty vehicles, the implementation of the weights and dimension legislation, various legislations on biofuels, and type approval.
No
No
No
No
No
50%: 4 25%: 4
8
3
Scania EU Affairs uses Kreab to conduct most of the relevant Brussels activities.
01/2014 - 12/2014
400,000 € - 499,999 €
No funding received from the EU institutions during the last closed financial year.
The estimation includes consultancy fees when these are linked to representing Scania's interests towards the EU institutions.
By its registration the organisation has signed the Transparency Register Code of Conduct.You find wrong information on your credit report. Is it a simple mistake or something more sinister? Here are some warning signs that you could be a victim of credit fraud:
Your Personal Information is Wrong
“If you see a name you’ve never used, a Social Security number that doesn’t belong to you or an address at which you’ve never lived, it could be a sign of fraud,” says Rod Griffin, director of public relations for Experian.
A mistake here could be due to something as simple as a transposed number. It could mean your credit information has been mixed up with someone else’s. Or it could be a sign that someone is pretending to be you to get credit. How to tell the difference? Delve further into the details on your report to see if there is anything else suspicious.
There Are Inquiries From Lenders You Don’t Recognize
Credit reporting agencies are required by law to disclose the names of any companies that have obtained your credit information in the last two years. You don’t have to worry about “promotional” inquiries or “account review” inquiries, as those will be from companies marketing preapproved credit offers in the first case, or your current lenders reviewing your credit in the latter. But if there are inquiries from companies you truly don’t recognize, you’ll want to investigate.
One more thing to keep in mind here: Sometimes the name of the company checking your credit doesn’t match the name of the place where you applied for credit. Retail credit is a good example. You may apply for an instant credit account to buy furniture at “XYZ Furniture,” for example, but the financing is handled through “ABC Financial Services” — and that’s who is listed in the inquiries section of your report.
You Find Accounts Listed That You Never Opened
These may be the biggest tip-off that something is really wrong. Only your accounts, including accounts you have cosigned or those for which you are an authorized user, should appear on your credit reports. Accounts that aren’t yours could be a sign that your credit information is “commingled” with someone else’s, which is something you’ll need to sort out. Or it could reveal that your credit has been compromised.
Of course you can’t spot fraud on your credit reports if you don’t check them. At a minimum, get your credit reports once a year from each of the major credit reporting agencies: Equifax, Experian and TransUnion. You may be entitled to additional free copies of your reports if you live in certain states, are unemployed and looking for work — or if you believe you are a fraud victim. You can also use a tool like Credit.com’s free Credit Report Card to help alert you to changes in your credit report.
If you do find data on your credit files that appears to be wrong, don’t immediately assume the worst. “It’s important to take the information as a whole and in conjunction with other indicators,” says Griffin. “Things such as unauthorized charges on a billing statement, collection notices for accounts that are not yours, billing statements from an unknown lender or a call from an existing lender asking if you made a purchase that you did not make should also be taken into account.”
But do take suspicious activity on your credit reports seriously. Catching fraud early can save you time and money.()They look too big to carry comfortably in your pocket. And your ear bumps the screen and before you know it you’re messing up a call. They’re basically for wankers, aren’t they?
Or those tragics who absolutely live on Facebook and tweet every bit of nonsense that comes out of their mouths. Do I really need my friends to see my GPS location at any given moment? Do I need to see theirs?
They’re more a fashion accessory. A flash toy. They’re way too expensive for a phone. And the data charges, it’ll cost you a fortune. And all those functions and transmitters drain the battery flat in no time.
Why would you want to become an iPhoney?. That’s what I used to think. Then I saw the light. I saw it coming from an iPhone, in the darkness, as the owner steered us through the twisted streets of Tokyo.
We were hunting for a petrol station still selling gas in a crowded city in a land where none of us could speak the language or read the road signs, a land reeling from a cascading catastrophe of tremor, flood and nuclear terror.
iPhone in hand our driver navigated by virtual map from bowser to bowser, chasing the little screen icons like Pacman going for the power-up. In the end it took a mistake though, a lag in the processing time or delay refreshing the map and a wrong turn that dumped us off the toll way at Saitomo, and right outside the only place still filling tanks.
Our tank was practically full but two hundred kilometres up the line, our driver’s brother had maybe a quarter before he hit empty. The brother was 70km from a nuclear power plant now venting radioactive caesium and iodine. The latter gets into the water and the milk I’m told, but can be blocked if you’re taking a saturated solution of potassium iodide. The caesium though is light. It floats around or comes down with the rain. It washes off but don’t dare inhale or swallow the tiniest speck.
Cradling his iPhone, steering with one and a half hand and looking a little sleepy now, our escort was texting as he drove. The replies from up north were getting a little anxious - just come even if you can’t get the gas and we’ll work it out - siphon tanks or something like that, I suppose.
We ignored that advice and luckily so. None of us might have made it back.
Rolling south at last, now with a carload of anxious evacuees in train, we were doing better than retracing our unbelievably circuitous steps. We were looking afresh at the GPS and working out an even better route, quicker, one that might pass a fuel stop that was open and trading.
Finding one that would sell more than six litres of petrol per vehicle proved impossible and as we pushed on, queues grew outside even the empty stations as others lined up for the chance to be first when a truck finally delivered.
I looked across at the woman sitting next to me, three of us wedged into a back seat made in Japan. She had her iPhone out. On Facebook.
Now, as a former knocker and only occasional Facebooker, I’d have scorned her. At a time like this, you’re giving status updates, checking who has a birthday, who’s just broken up with their girlfriend? Just how funny is “Charlie bit my finger”, really?
But I watched my fellow passenger as she filed a stream of updates to friends still stuck, or stubbornly sitting tight, back in Iwaki, the city closest to the Fukushima Daiichi power plant and its six nuclear reactors in various stages of distress.
Route 4’s good. Get off Route 11 here. Big boulder over the road here so just turn off early back here. No petrol yet. This one’s rationing, so bring a can, drop someone off with it just before you queue up and maybe they can score an extra six litres.
I had a lump in my throat. The technology behind us was failing catastrophically. The technology in her hand was striking a blow against cruel fate and indifferent nature. This was so far from “who’s still good for yum char?” or “lol what a hangover”. This digital trail of breadcrumbs could be leading others out of harm’s way.
It really hit home as we pulled over to quickly assemble a live broadcast for the 6pm news back in New Zealand. Just a few years ago this would have been nigh impossible without several suitcases full of tech, a guy with a Leatherman and years of experience and perhaps an hour to assemble and point a satellite dish.
We had a single case with a BGAN device, to hook us up to the Broadband Global Area Network. With a dish the size of a small chilly bin lid, a laptop and some cables we were live from the roadside in roughly twelve minutes, and I was a slightly blocky Legoman on screens back in Johnsonville and Geraldine.
And in the Far North, where no doubt my parents found it immensely reassuring to see their eldest son looking ok and moving away from the big nuclear emergency.
When BGAN arrived, I thought it was fantastic and I still do. The ability to do what we do from almost anywhere on the face of the planet is opening up so many possibilities for broadcast news.
But all I could think was, if we’re supposed to be fleeing, albeit calmly, why oh why have we had to pull over and stop to talk about it?
The Facebook Angel was by now taking photos of all this action. She’d already used her iPhone to Skype back to her family in Rotorua, to give them what we’d label an exclusive first look at our convoy, to show and tell those (and only those) to whom she matters most that she is safer and closer to home.
Broadcasting is far from dead, but it is changing. It has to. And I’m buying an iPhone.
Garth Bray is a journalist with TVNZ's ONE News. He has been reporting from Tokyo and Fukushima on the cascading effects of the disastrous earthquake, tsunami and nuclear emergency there.
Hadyn Green,
Nice write up Garth. Japan is oddly iPhone light, with other smartphones crowding the market there (though Apple are making serious inroads). But the Japanese love social networks and last year every phone was advertised as "perfect for twitter and facebook", "message your friends", "video chat!" etc etc And not just phones, hand held game consoles too (Nintendo, PSP et al)
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 2081 posts Report
Hilary Stace,
The urgency of the live report the other night, after pulling over to the side of the road, was impressive journalism I thought.
Wgtn • Since Jun 2008 • 2360 posts Report
Henry Harrison,
This report reinforces your experience several times over Garth:
Apple's Role in Japan during the Tohoku Earthquake
Wellington • Since May 2008 • 11 posts Report
Peter Calder,
Fine piece, Garth. But I'm not sure about your logic. Should I carry a chainsaw around on the basis that I'll be bloody glad if a tree ever falls and traps my leg? (Warning: this post may be prompted by the iPhone envy of a man who has a $49 Samsung.)
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 64 posts Report
Steve Barnes,
I think you'll find that those with years of experience would use a Gerber
Bear Grylls does. I wonder if he got called Bare Girls at school? I wouldn't say that to his face but.
I also have a Samsung, all be it a $200 one and it links by Bluetooth to my eeepc anywhere Telecom has coverage. Oh, and just to rub it in I use Opera as a browser/server.
Take that fanbois...
;-)
ETA.
I have also been known to carry a chainsaw in case of fallen trees.
The wireless north ;-) • Since Dec 2006 • 5082 posts Report
BenWilson,
Make it an Android and I agree with all you say. I recently upgraded, after years of pooh-poohing at needing anything more than voice and txt. But it now finally is an actual quantum leap, carrying a device that has both GPS and mobile broadband and WIFI around, and some pretty hefty storage and processing power too (my Samsung Galaxy is more powerful than my netbook). The camera is actually good enough now to not ever bother taking my actual camera anywhere casually. It is finally a decent computer in the palm of your hand. You can compose reasonable text on it, or browse the web. You can SkypeOut, or just use various IMs. Or Tweet and Facebook. I might actually bother if I was in a disaster, that is one time when people really do give a fuck about exactly where you are and what's happening.
As such, it would be a basic thing to have in a disaster, and carrying spare capacity to recharge it is wise, a car-phone charger was the first accessory I purchased, followed by a car-mount. Not just because everyone in Christchurch had their phone die on the first day, but also because I've always had my phone die at awkward times, and for the $20 for a car charger, there's not really any reason to put up with that any more.
Also, I've been pleasantly surprised about the size issue. They may have a large screen, but they're slim, so they do actually slip into pockets nicely. It's actually less cumbersome than my older and smaller phone, which was fatter so it stuck out more.
One trap for new players I fell into. Black is a popular choice for a color, right? But consider that it will possibly spend a lot of time on the dashboard of your car. It gets bloody hot already, and I'm sure that contributes to excessive power usage. White might actually be better. Or mount it on your air vent.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 8981 posts Report
steven crawford,
I have a portable VHF radio.
Wellington • Since Nov 2006 • 2962 posts Report
Russell Brown, in reply to
Awesome. I bet Garth that someone would say "get an Android!" in the first half-dozen comments. :-)
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 19593 posts Report
BenWilson, in reply to
For the boat, right? It's amazing how survival oriented boating is, I've become about 5 times more prepared for natural disaster since December, just by getting one. VHF, flares, smoke signals, fire extinguishers, spare petrol, spare batteries, water bottles, portable gas cookers, spirit cookers, portable long lasting food, UHT milk, first aid kits, grab bags, spare toolkits, throw ropes, 4WD with towbar, learning up about survival in adversity, sources of vital information, better clothing. I'm just mentioning the things useful off the boat.
That's all predicated on me being at home, which I am 95% of the time. Most people don't have that luxury, and will have their clothes, wallet and phone at best. If their phone is an awesomely powerful device, it could save their life.
I was wondering how long before they add VHF/CB to these smartphones. Would be very useful any time the network goes down, or out of range.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 8981 posts Report
BenWilson, in reply to
He was just begging for it.
Edit: And mine was the 6th comment...made you pack!
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 8981 posts Report
Richard CLARK,
"
Featherston • Since Feb 2009 • 7 posts Report
Garth Bray,
@peter I share your envy. i was carrying a crappy nokia classic that was second hand when Andrew Saville took it to the Beijing Olympics (remember to delete your texts when you hand on a phone is all i'm saying). My crappy dust-filled nokia seems to die at increasingly inconvient times while my cameraman's iPhone2 with a Uk sim kept marching. It was our lifeline.
Auckland, New Zealand • Since Dec 2007 • 13 posts Report
linger, in reply to
Um. I have a Sony Walkman?
Tokyo • Since Apr 2007 • 999 posts Report
Garth Bray, in reply to
Thanks Henry. Spot on. I was sharing a very short version of my account with a Kiwi who's since left Tokyo for Kyoto for a few days. She actually bought an iPhone _during_ the quake, or just as it was settling. She was in Shinjuku about to start collecting for an appeal her organisation is running for the Christchurch earthquake. She said her first though was to call home but she new phones go out, so she walked into the store while the dust was still settling, handed a wide-eyed clerk her 5 man (50 000 yen) and was Skyping her mum inside 30 minutes. 'Nuff said.
Auckland, New Zealand • Since Dec 2007 • 13 posts Report
Robyn Gallagher,
I rented an IPhone when I arrived in Japan pre-quake and I'm so glad I had it with me during and after the quake.
It let me tell the folks back home that something big had just happened and that I was ok, via email, Twitter and Facebook.
then it let me figure out what exactly had just happened, and if I should run for the hills, or not.
BTW I arrived back in Aotearoa this morning. Disappointed to say goodbye to Japan, but already thinking about a return visit.
Raglan • Since Nov 2006 • 1883 posts Report
Garth Bray, in reply to
Nope definitely a Leatherman in the case of the old guy with the slouch hat I'm picturing.
I guess the smartphone is a kind of digital Leatherman. Happy to profit from all your experiences and opinions about the benefits and faults of Leatherman/Gerber or Apple/Samsumg/HTC etc.
@Ben yes i would proabbaly be a sucker an go for black too, so thianks for that tip
Auckland, New Zealand • Since Dec 2007 • 13 posts Report
Che Tibby, in reply to
i have an entry-level android ($370 on parallel import! FTW!), and am thinking of trading up to iPhone.
driving it is just a little too much of a hassle sometimes.
the back of an envelope • Since Nov 2006 • 2029 posts Report
Islander,
I’ve owned/used both Gerbers and Leatherman tools for the last 25 years.
Have given away all except one of the Gerbers(it's in the grab-bag), and now just carry the Leatherman
Juice XE6 (in it's custom-belt-pouch) -best Leatherman to date!
Though their cute little fishing-scissors are excellent too….
Big O, Mahitahi, Te Wahi … • Since Feb 2007 • 5643 posts Report
Graham Dunster,
"And your ear bumps the screen and before you know it you’re messing up a call. "
Actually, no, that's the Samsung I just replaced, courtesy of True Rewards, although they can't explain how GST is accounted for in a points/cash redemption.
Auckland • Since Nov 2009 • 153 posts Report
izogi,
Web Twitter
I shifted to Melbourne a couple of months back and I've had a flashy Android phone for a few weeks now. My old phone in NZ was a solid $50 Nokia brick on a prepay account. I didn't feel like paying through the roof for a phone when I didn't really care about using it anyway.
Over here I'm getting my phone through my employer, and the simple fact of having a smartphone with 3GB of pre-paid data each month has already radically changed how I do things from day to day -- I can completely appreciate how people react in a disaster scenario. I spent a lot of time checking for updates from various sources about what was happening back home soon after the Christchurch earthquake, I've so far used Google's annoying-lady-voice nav app a couple of times to figure out how to get somewhere, and at the airport the other day I just sat in the terminal streaming the BBC trying to figure out what was happening in Japan. It still feels nowhere near as solid and reliable as the Nokia brick.
It's interesting to see the market split. It wasn't until I bought my phone that I've noticed just how specifically popular iPhones seem to be in Melbourne. I can sit on the train and be surrounded by 4 people all tapping away on iPhones or listening to music on iPhones or playing games on iPhones. (I'm tapping away on my Android phone and naturally feel cooler.)
Wellington • Since Jan 2007 • 523 posts Report
Rich Lock,
Pffft. Leatherman, Gerber. Keep yer johnny-come-lately multitools. Real men* use a Schrade.
I'm now considering getting a Gerber strapcutter, though. You never know when you'll be hanging upside-down in a sinking crashed helicopter. It could save your life!
*for which read: multitool hipsters. Oh, it's a fairly obscure multitool, you've probably never heard of it. They don't manufacture it any more, so it's hard to get hold of. But all the true professionals agree it has the best pliers.
back in the mother countr… • Since Feb 2007 • 2434 posts Report
Richard Wain, in reply to
And if you do get an Android at least you can turn the internet on and off. Who wants to constantly broadcast your GPS location? Cell phone towers are near enough for comfort.
Since Nov 2006 • 143 posts Report
JackElder,
Web Twitter
I can't really comment on smartphones, as I'm still quite happy with a very basic Nokia. I'm sure I'll get around to it sooner or later, but at the moment I'm far from convinced that I need all the extra bells & whistles.
But I would like to note with amusement that all the google ads on the article page were for various substance abuse treatment providers. I'm guessing the word 'addiction' was to blame.
Wellington • Since Mar 2008 • 708 posts Report
BenWilson, in reply to
OK, I'll upgrade to "Get a good Android". As in, the ones that actually are competitors to the iPhone, and half the price.
But hey, I'll admit iPhones are pretty awesome too. Just wanted to plug my Galaxy 9000.
The guy in the shop said their screens are supposedly extremely tough, but that he hasn't met anyone with an inclination to test this. I had no inclination, but as chance has it, the other day, I put it to the test.
I was riding my bike, with my phone in my bag and my bag in my basket and the basket over the handlebars. Feeling pretty pleased with myself, I added a coffee to to my hoard, and sipped it as I rode. There was a slight downhill to my local library, which I went down, and remembered/saw too late that there were sharp speed bumps on that. Braking power inhibited by the coffee I was carrying (could only pull one brake), I hit the bump just hard enough to bounce the basket off the handlebars, which spilled the bag on the ground, which spilled the phone out, which slid down the rest of the hill and over another speed bump, screen downwards. I narrowly avoided being flipped off the bike and through the window of the children's section of the library, when the basket went under the pedals. The children inside learned a new swear word, when I suffered the double indignity of minor anal penetration from the seat, and minor squashing of the testes on the frame. Curiously, my subconscious chose "SHITBALLS!".
But I didn't lose my coffee (despite a huge urge to dash it against the nearest wall), nor was my phone even scratched, except a little bit on the casing. Amazed. And sore, and shamed, and learned. Don't drink and ride or you'll get a poke in the stalk and a shot in the nuts, and that's if you're lucky.
Auckland • Since Nov 2006 • 8981 posts Report
Steve Withers,
Web Twitter
I have an Android phone. It does all that....and more. If you ever found yourself in a disaster, you don't want an iPhone. You'd want a phone you could swap a spare battery into and keep going...and maybe charge the flat battery up from some AA's and some bits of wire while you have the spare in the phone. That's how crims keep their phones charged in the prisons. It's good enough in a disaster....but with an iPhone, you can't even put a spare battery into the thing.
Auckland • Since Mar 2008 • 284 posts Report: 10.5
Tags: compression , decompression , sit , zip , rar
43 Opinions
The new fancy installer that requires admin-password can be bypassed by right-clicking the "StuffIt Expander 2009 Installer.app", choosing "Show Package Contents" and navigating to Contents/Resources/Payload/Stuffit where the application is located - ready for being dragged to the Applications folder.
PS direct download is at
I honestly don't know why so many people are on the bash Stuffit Expander bandwagon. 33 MB is not a big for an app in the days of 400 GB hard drives. SE has always been fast, accurate, and stable- unlike pretenders that frequently crap out if the file happens to be too difficult for them. Plus version 13 that just came out now finally opens 7-zip files.
The only annoying thing is how hard they make it to find the free download (I just use AppFresh, it downloads the latest version wherever it is.)
Admittedly version 13 botched up the app preferences, but I've never really used preferences for this app anyway.
this is one of the worst apps i've ever seen...
it's very slow, EXTREMELY hard to uninstall and has problems handling rar archieves
Seems bloated.
Opens an extra window each time I open an archive, progress bar is purely fictional. Not a good tool imho
Direct link to 12.0.1 (stable):
Suttfit Expander is useless right now. The Unarchiver works better and faster, plus is open source and reliable. Please, don't use this program so the sitx compression format dissapears forever and for the good of the humanity.
what a piece of crap format sitx is. Avoid it at all costs! sitx must die!
<a href="">The Unarchiver</a> is WAY better. The only thing it doesn't support is SITX, if you use that a at all. SIT is suppported.
.sit should die!
Page 2 of 5. 43 entries.Maleku Hostel
Hostel | 50 mts Oeste del Hospital, nuevo de Alajuela corner house, SJO Airport Alajuela, Costa Rica --
87 out of 92 customers would recommend this property
Recent review (27/03/2014)
"Stuff was very friendly and helpful. everything was clean and looked nice. In the TV-corner it was easy to meet new people. For entrance it is necessary to ring the bell, so not everyone was able to enter."Read all Maleku Hostel reviews
Facilities
- Self-catering Facilities
- No curfew
- Secure lockers
- Lounge area
- Internet / Wi-Fi
- 24 hour reception
- 24 hour hot showers
- Tours/Travel Desk
- Café
- Common area / room
- Communal kitchen
- Internet access in public areas
- Television room
What's Included
- Luggage Room
- Breakfast
- Linen
- Towel
Important Information
we don't accept credit card payment. We DON’T offer Airport pick up. We Offer Free transfer Hostel TO the airport From 5am to 5pm one every hour. You must tell us your arrival time. We are not responsible on keeping your reservation after the time you stated
Maleku Hostel is a Hostel run and owned by a Costa Rican Family. We will do our best to welcome you in our country and help you out with all we can! Read more
Enter dates to check prices
About Maleku Hostel
From Alajuela you can easily take half day and full day tours (by both public and private transportation or by private tour). Alajuela is home of many tourist sites, including the Butterfly Farm, Poas Volcano, Snake Zoo and Bird Zoo to name just a few.
Buses leaving San Jose going to the beaches and mountains, even to Nicaragua, stop in Alajuela, and the other way around.
Room types:
Dorm Room
Private Room 1 person
Private Room 2 people
Private Room 3 people
Private Room for 4 people
Facilities:
* Free Small Breakfast 7 am to 10am with coffee,tea, juice, bananas and cookies
* Free internet and WiFi
* Free shuttle TO the airport staring 5am to 5pm one every hour
* Free travel information
* Great location
* Public transportation and cabs a cross the street
* Hot Shower
* Towels
* Sharing Bathroom
* Common Kitchen
* Small Lockers
* Parking: on street
Important: Please Note our hostel doesn’t offer airport pick up, we just offer drop off.
We don't accept credit card payment.
We DON?T offer Airport pick up.
We Offer Free transfer Hostel TO the airport From 5am to 5pm one every hour.
You must tell us your arrival time on your reservation ( email or call if needed it) . We are not responsable on keeping your reservation after that time.
Accommodation Information
Cozy, Clean and tranquil Hostel / Guest Home.
Bed linen
Towel
Full Kitchen
Computer and WiFi
Book Exchange
Small Lockers
and more
Location Information
Just 3 to 5 minutes from the International Airport Juansantamaria (SJO)
Next to big supermarket
ATM and Banks
Shops
Bus Stops
Hospital
Just few minutes walk
Other languages
-
- Deutsch: Maleku Hostel
-
- Español: Maleku Hostel
-
- Français: Maleku Hostel
-
- Italiano: Maleku Hostel
-
- Português: Maleku Hostel> This isn't quite right. There seem to be more than one regression. But the > first one is caused by that patch, and when the patch is applied and the > game is run, wine outputs the following: > Also, a messagebox appears: "An assertion failed in ChVideo.cpp at line > 8466". > > Hope someone can take a look at this. Is there a free demo version available? This game looks like a DDraw / Direct3D7 game, and I'd like to have a look at it with my D3D7 rewrite. Thanks, Stefan -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 189 bytes Desc: not available Url :He married Margaret Ann Loy Abt 1794 at Orange County, North Carolina . Margaret Ann Loy was born at Orange Co, North Carolina 15 Aug 1773 daughter of George Loy and Catherine Tillman .
They were the parents of 8
children:
William Lewis Clapp born 1792.
Mary Clapp born 17 Oct 1793.
Maria Barbara Clapp born 6 Jan 1794.
Joel Clapp born 1800.
Sarah Clapp born Apr 1803.
Elizabeth Clapp born 1808.
John Clapp born 1811.
Benjamin Lynn Clapp born 19 Aug 1814.
Ludwig (Lewis) Clapp died 1836 at Callaway Co, Kentucky .
Margaret Ann Loy died 15 Dec 1855 at Salt Lake City, Salt Lake, Utah .This is an example of what you missed, if you weren't here Friday night for the Opening Reception of "When I grow up I want to be..."
The delightful paintings and commentary from the 4 & 5 year old student artists of The Children's Academy of SF Florida will be on display Fridays & Saturdays 11-4 during October at my BONNI BAKES Gallery 930 12th St W, Bradenton.
Packages of note cards, with the children's paintings on the front, are available for just $10/package. Doesn't get cuter than this.
Now that the calendar says summer is over, it would be nice if Mother Nature concurred and dropped the temperatures a bit. In a few weeks the Palma Sola Farmers Market will reopen on Sunday Nov 3rd from 11-4 and I'm one of the vendors.
It's part of Geraldson Community Farm, an organic CSA farm where you purchase a seasonal share, then receive delicious produce weekly from Nov-May. This Saturday they're having an OPEN HOUSE from 11-3 where you can tour the farm, share in a potluck, learn about various types of shares & sign-up if you like. Details & directions are at
I'll be harvesting my organic Haas avocados very soon. This has been a productive year and their creamy fruit has never tasted better, or been better for you. I sent samples up to my NYC quality assurance taste testers.
Abby & Rainer gave them two thumbs up, as soon as they licked the guacamole off their fingers. Thanks guys!!
Now that the TreeHouse is almost back to normal after months of assorted construction, I'm so happy to be back baking in my kitchen. I've been dreaming about some fun things to make & can't wait to share them with you in the coming weeks. I've canned a bunch of jam so far this season, including some new fun flavor combos. Can't wait for the local strawberries!
Here's what's on the menu this week:
Big Cookies $1.50/each
Individually wrapped & available in the following flavors:
Chocolate Chip, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip, Orange Dark Chocolate Walnut,
Oatmeal Raisin Walnut, Pecan Coconut Milk Chocolate, (NEW) Classic Snickerdoodle
Chocolate Orgasm Cookies $5/pkg
My legendary chocolate delivery system made from melted Belgium Bittersweet chocolate, toasted fresh almonds & chocolate chips. Available in a plain brown bag if you don't intend to share them with others.
Rosemary Parmigiano Breadstix $4/pkg
Crisp, hand-made sticks bursting with flavor. Delicious paired with an appetizer, soup, salad or cocktail. Fabulous with thin prosciutto wrapped around.
Bacon Cheddar Scallion Corn Muffin $2
A hand-held meal on the run, or enjoyed slowly sitting down with a cup of coffee or tea
Outrageous Brownie w/Chocolate Chips (NO NUTS) $2/each
A chocoholic's delight...fudgy and intensely chocolate, studded with chocolate chips
Minorcan Multi-Grain Bread $4.50/loaf
Hard crust, soft crumb containing many grains & seeds. Fabulous toasted!! (VEGAN)
Assorted Homemade Jam & Chutney $4/8 oz jar
Peach Mango Brandy, Mango Strawberry Cardamom, Blueberry Lime, Mango Chutney, Mango Meyer Lemon Lime, Pineapple Mango Rum, Peach Melba, Mixed Berry, Blueberry Lemon, Ginger Pear Chutney.
Order by 5pm Wed for pick-up Fri or Sat
all items in limited supply...first come, first served
TO PLACE AN ORDER
call me at (941) 746-6647
or email bonnibakes@gmail.com
Pay by cash or local check made out to Bonni Brown
PICK UP YOUR ORDER
in The Village of the Arts
at BONNI BAKES Gallery
930 12 St W (just south of MLK)
FRIDAY or SATURDAY from 11 - 4
Hugs from my kitchen,
Bonni
Bonni2009/11/7 Jarosław Górny <jaroslav aster pl>: > Hi, >. Peternaturalnews.com
printable article
Originally published February 20 2009
Facebook Blocks Anti-Stimulus Pack Petition
by Richard Saunders
(NaturalNews) The immensely popular Facebook.com has banned NoStimulus.com, a site that offers an anti-stimulus pack petition. The website allows citizens to let their protests be heard by sending their outcries to their respective representatives, and it ran an ad to let Facebook users know about it. Facebook let it run initially, but it wasn`t until the advertisement started bringing many Facebook users to its site that Facebook suddenly disapproved them for violating advertising terms.
The terms Facebook accused them of violating were those pertaining to profane, offensive content. (You can check out the site for yourself and see if you agree:
). Facebook later claimed, however, that it pulled the ad because of "user complaints," neglecting to mention the violation of these terms whatsoever.
It makes you wonder why they haven`t pulled all the "vote Obama" ads off. Many people have been complaining about these ever since the presidential race got started.
But the fact is that the user complaints weren`t even about this particular ad. The complaints were being made about the ads that are using the stimulus pack headline to create a misleading commercial offer. These misleading ads offer a "stimulus check" to get people to sign up for commercial offers. Facebook has used this to excuse the fact that they banned NoStimulus.com as their spokeswoman responded by saying, "In this case, users informed us about misleading offers in many ads with promotions related to the U.S. economic stimulus package, we are in the process of removing
ads
with these types of misleading offers."
The problem with that excuse is that NoStimulus.com makes no such offers. In fact, they are a completely non-profit organization which simply offers people a place to protest the stimulus pack and sign the petition. And what`s shockingly worse about that excuse is the fact that the for-profit, "stimulus bill" ads like those of
and https://
are
still
running ads on Facebook! Facebook even admitted their fault, but not until after it was too late for the site to make its impact on congressmen.
What`s ironic is that Facebook pretends to be a place that promotes diversity and shuns intolerance. Apparently they embrace diversity and tolerance only when it doesn`t conflict with the accepted line of thought and politics.
But honestly, Facebook isn`t any different than the rest of the major mass media. The cause for Facebook`s censorship probably has something to do with their major sponsors being the ones who are getting the bill passed right now. In fact, one of the founders of Facebook actually resigned to work on Obama`s campaign.
It seems as if it`s become another propaganda tool to manipulate young college students.
Sources:
Mora, Edwin . "Facebook Removes Conservative Group`s Anti-Stimulus Petition". CNS News. Feb. 17, 2009 <...
.
Phillips , Tim. "Live on MSNBC: AFP / NoStimulus Press Conference". AFP. Feb. 17, 2009 <...
.
"Events". NoStimulus.com. Feb. 17, 2009 <>
.
"Facebook | Americans for Prosperity". Facebook. Feb. 17, 2009 <...
.
About the author
Richard Saunders has put together
to provide the most proven
natural prescriptions
available today. Or you can visit to learn
what foods don't need to be bought organic
, and
which foods MUST be boughtSportsman's Country Club plans to sell its 50-acre Oklahoma City property at the end of April, the club's board has told members.
The property, which includes a lake, swimming pools, tennis courts and clubhouse buildings at 4001 NW 39, has been a part of the club since 1949. The club's board informed shareholders of the sale at a special meeting Friday, said Si Fentress, vice president.Preventing Falls: In the Hospital
At some point, you may need care in a hospital or other facility. People may ask how well you can move around. Answer this question honestly. If you have a high risk of falling, the staff will take extra steps to help keep you safe. Remember, always ask for help when you need it. Here are some tips to keep you safe in the hospital.
Keep Things Within Reach
Keep the things you use often within easy reach, like tissues, water, remote control, and the light cord..
Get Help to Move Around
Don’t get up on your own, even to use the bathroom. Call someone to help.
Sit up slowly and with help..
A Note to Family and Friends.PATRICK SCOTT MULBERRY
a r c h i t e c t
A total renovation of an 18th century Norfolk CT farmhouse, dilapidated additions to the original structure were removed and replaced with two new wings containing a kitchen and screened porch to the back of the house and a great room to the side. The new additions are arranged and sized in keeping with scale and the simplicity of the original structure.The Syracuse Orange men's basketball team is 4-0, but has struggled so far this season, barely beating William & Mary, 63-60, Sunday at the Carrier Dome.
Post-Standard basketball reporter Mike Waters was on hand today to answer your questions about the Orange and the team's performance this season in a live Q&A session. The transcript is below.
More Syracuse basketball news
» Syracuse turns back William & Mary's upset bid
» Grade Syracuse basketball: How would you rate the Orange's performance vs. William & Mary?
» The ebb and flow of Baye and Fab: Keita plays big in SU's win over William and Mary
» Dion Waiters plays quality minutes off bench
» The Scoop and Kris Show: "We Got This," football editionDear Members,
As many of you may have already heard, the CROPP cooperative, producer of dairy
products and other foodstuffs under the Organic Valley (OV) and Organic Prairie
labels, voted at their May 13 board meeting to prohibit any of the CROPP farmer
members from selling raw milk as a side business. The vote was a close one-four in
favor, three against, reflecting the division of opinion among the CROPP board members
themselves. After the Board vote, the cooperative took the decision to their Dairy
Executive Committee (DEC) for further discussion and another vote. The result was a
split, 20 votes in favor and 20 against. This policy is to take effect January 1,
2011.
We at WAPF did not immediately publicize this new policy, instead writing privately
to CROPP CEO George Siemon and the members of the board, urging them to reconsider
and take the issue back to the board for further discussion and another vote. In
our letter, we addressed some of what we felt were misguided issues that led to the
cooperatives anti-raw milk stance, such as potential liability to CROPP and
marketplace competition, pointing out that these were grossly inflated and not
legitimate concerns; we noted the potential downside to CROPPs reputation as a
supporter of family farms; and, most importantly, we pointed out that the new policy
would impose severe economic hardship on many farmers, farmers the co-op was founded
to protect. (For a discussion and rebuttal of CROPPs concerns about raw milk, see
below.)
Many of CROPPs farmers have high levels of debt, and they have, over the past few
years, faced new financial burdens with lower pay prices and quotas that CROPP had
in place for the past yearin some cases amounting to a 30 percent reduction in
income. Their financial situation is recovering somewhat now, but many are
challenged to make up for past losses.
Many of their farmers had active raw milk businesses established before they even
joined the cooperative, many operating in states where the enterprise is
unquestionably legal. Others developed raw milk customers after their incomes
dropped, allowing these farms to remain solvent. The new policy will force these
farmers to choose between remaining a CROPP member or selling raw milk exclusively,
either of which will likely lead to severe financial stress or even bankruptcy and
possible loss of the family farm.
Despite our grave concerns, I received a response from George Siemon dated June 21,
2010, stating that the anti-raw milk policy would remain in effect. In the letter,
Siemon insisted that CROPP is not against raw milk, and that we are standing on the
same side of the river in supporting organic and local food, agricultural reform and
corporate reform.
Is that true? CROPP did indeed start small, as a local cooperative of just a few
dozen vegetable farmers, the Coulee Region Organic Produce Pool. The co-ops seven
dairy producers soon branched out from produce to include cheese and eventually
other dairy products. Unfortunately, in so doing, they opted for the industrial
model. Instead of producing what consumers were asking for dairy products as natural
as possible, such as low-temperature, non-homogenized milk. CROPP chose to market
ultra-high temperature (UHT), homogenized industrial-style milk and cream. (UHT
processing takes milk to 230 degrees F, way above the boiling point, thereby killing
every enzyme and immune-supporting factor in the milk.) When they branched out into
eggs, they chose the industrial organic confinement model, instead of pastured
poultry, something their grass-based farmers were perfectly positioned to do. Their
raw cheese is actually heated to above 150 degrees. They also sell an Organic
Valley brand of soy milk.
We then further delayed making any announcement about the OV decision because we
were working behind the scenes with representatives of the co-op, and hoping that OV
would reconsider. However, at their most recent board meeting, the board voted 7-0
that raw milk sales by their producers must not exceed 1 percent of their volume,
and must be limited to family, friends and neighbors. While some board members have
insisted that this anti-raw milk policy will not be enforced, we hear from others in
the organization that OV is planning to strenuously enforce the policy.
In any event, for the average OV farmer, 1 percent is probably about three to six
gallons per day, so the updated policy merely puts a gloss on the original anti-raw
milk stance. The new policy will mean that thousands of consumers who need raw milk
for their own and their childrens health will no longer be able to obtain it.
Ironically, the $12 billion dairy industry giant, Dean Foods, which owns the Horizon
Organic label, the largest conventional and organic dairy producer in the United
States, has specifically stated that its farmers are free to sell or provide raw
milk on the side. Dean Foods/Horizon the good guys and Organic Valley hurting
family farmers-this picture seems upside down.
This isn’t the first time CROPP seems to have lost its bearings. A couple of years
ago, the management opted to buy some of their milk from a 7200-cow industrial dairy
located in an arid part of Texas, until some of their farmer-members found out and
put an end to the lunacy-both their farmers and consumers saw the move as a violation
of trust. Organic Valley has always represented itself as being pro-family
farmer-their management shouldn’t need to be reminded that a 7200-cow dairy is not a
family farm!
Just as in the case of buying from factory farms, we hope CROPP farmer leadership
will come to their senses and rescind their destructive anti-raw milk policy.
The unfortunate decision by the CROPP board should galvanize all of us to renew our
efforts to purchase as much of our food as possible directly from local farmers; if
your only choice for dairy foods and eggs is the local health food store or
cooperative, make a point of purchasing from the local dairy producers listed in our
Shopping Guide. Farmer-friendly brands such as Natural by Nature and farmstead
dairy producers such as Traders Point Creamery, among many others, are highly rated
in The Cornucopia Institute’s organic dairy scorecard (ratings of all 120 organic
brands) and deserve our food dollars. Another good choice is to
purchase raw grass-fed butter from one of our many advertisers in Wise Traditions
and have it shipped to you.
If the farm family you get your raw milk from faces the dilemma of choosing between
CROPP and direct raw milk sales, please express your support for them and do
everything you can to help them choose the latter. You can help them build their
customer base, reduce their expenses by offering help on the farm, and even provide
the funding and financial advice they may desperately need to make the transition.
The Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund can help assist with advice and model
cow-share and herd-share agreements.
If you feel betrayed by a cooperative that you had always considered to be an ally,
you can also visit their website,, and let them know how you
feel. Maybe if they hear from enough of us, they will realize the damage they are
doing to their brands reputation. Please consider forwarding this message to your
friends and family members who might also want to convey their feelings to Organic
Valley management.
Above all, lets all make the pledge to vote with our pocketbooks in support of small
farmers and artisan producers instead of large commercial dairy interests that put
their profits before the interests of the hard-working farmers who produce their
milk and other commodities.
Sincerely yours,
Sally Fallon Morell, President
The Weston A. Price Foundation
———————————————————
COMMENTS ON OV MANAGEMENT OBJECTIONS TO RAW MILK SALES BY THEIR MEMBERS
The following is a brief analysis of some of the rationale Organic Valley management
and board members used in making their decision to ban and then severely limit the
amount of raw milk their members could sell.
LEGAL LIABILITY
The Board articulated concerns about Organic Valley being sued if one of their
farmers, selling raw milk, ran into legal trouble. This concern is dubious at best.
Farmer-members of the cooperative are independent businesses. Until their truck
picks up member milk, Organic Valley has no legal responsibility for it, or for
unrelated sales of other milk.
MARKETPLACE FALLOUT
The Board expressed concern that if one of the Organic Valley members selling raw
milk ran into trouble, and was the subject of widespread publicity, some of that
manure flying around could stick on the Organic Valley label.
However, most intelligent consumers are able to discern the difference between
locally distributed raw milk and Organic Valley products on the store shelves.
To mitigate this risk, without harming farmer-members who are engaged in raw milk
commerce, it was suggested suggest that the co-op could:
1. Require any member that sells raw milk to immediately take down their Organic
Valley sign and not wear any clothing items embroidered with the OV logo.
2. Prohibit any member that sells raw milk from discussing Organic Valley in any
regard with their customers, the public or news media. Nothing should be done to
overtly or covertly identify them as an Organic Valley member-supplier. If a
problem were to occur, it is unlikely the news media would be interested in where
the wholesale portion of the farms milk was being shipped to (and then pasteurized).
COMPETITIVE FACTORS
Raw milk sales are booming all around the country.
Consumers are going to continue to seek out raw milk. Whatever market share raw
milk achieves, as the marketplace matures, will be accomplished whether or not
Organic Valley implements its raw milk ban. The ban might retard growth,
temporarily, but the growth will recover as non-OV farmers fill in the gaps.
However, in the meantime, this new co-op rule stands to economically injure many of
its members. Many of these families operate in states where selling raw milk is
unquestionably legal.
Consumers who drink raw milk are not going back to drinking OVs ultrapasteurized
fluid milk. From a competitive standpoint they are buying a different product than
Organic Valley is selling. Depending on how the coverage of this issue escalates,
it could bring heightened attention to the fact that most of Organic Valley milk is
ultrapasteurized.
DISRUPTIONS TO SUPPLY
The co-op has been concerned that sometimes their trucks show up at a farm that also
sells raw milk, and the bulk tank is empty. This is obviously a waste of time,
money and diesel fuel. Furthermore, the cooperative makes production plans, let’s
say to fill up a cheese vat with milk, and if the farmer has instead sold it to raw
milk customers, it throws a real monkey wrench into their production plans. This is
the one concern of the cooperative that seems legitimate.
However, a workable solution could be crafted by requiring raw milk producers to
make a commitment in terms of overall volume, or percentage volume of their dairy
herd, to the cooperative. They would need to contractually fulfill that commitment
before they could divert milk to raw milk sales.
VIABLE ALTERNATIVE
Implementing these suggestions, or variations thereof, would be a viable alternative
to the present prohibition on raw milk sales. Everyone would win. Farmers would
maintain their income, consumers could choose between pasteurized and raw milk, and
the cooperatives interest would be protected.03-05-2013
01:31 PM
I am interested in starting a small farm in about 3 years to produce fine wool and meat for sale and to use the milk for our family and provide a different lifestyle for my newborn. I have researched the breeds and I think the Delaine Merino is the right breed for my needs in central Texas. My husband and I would like to visit a farm that has this breed and learn some of the things we will need to do to care for them to make sure we can stomach it, before we get started. We aren't looking to live off of what we earn from the farm but we would llike the farm to pay for itself. The plan is that I will stay home and tend the farm and the little one and my husband will keep his day job and only have to help with the sheering, lambing, tilling and harvesting the hay. I have read that I will need one acre of hay for every two sheep I keep. I was planning to start with 5 sheep and work up to a first goal of 20. ANY advice would be appreciated.- Age / Gender:
- 29, Male
- Location:
- Southend
- Joined:
- 2/28/04
- All Stats >
I am a student as well as a Voice Actor for various Flash Animations and Dubs. I mainly like to do villian roles. So If you want a good male villian voice, i could be the person for you.
- Community Stats
- Level 14 Blank Slate
- Normal Whistle
- Ranked as Police Sergeant
Contact Info / Websites
Latest Audio Submissions
Favorite Movies
Major Security Flaws Discovered In Internet HDTVs 128 'rogue DNS,' 'rogue DHCP server,' or TCP session hijacking techniques. Mocana was able to demonstrate that JavaScript could then be injected into the normal datastream, allowing attackers to obtain total control over the device's Internet functionality."
Heh (Score:2)
That could be hilarious. Oh won't someone think of the children at risk!
Re:Heh (Score:4, Funny)
Re: (Score:3)
It also grew arms, pulled down my pants, and put this bottle of hand-lotion on the table beside me!
Re: (Score:3)
Now THERE is a tv I would buy.
Re: (Score:2)
True. What GP should have said was
Re:Heh (Score:5, Funny)
Re:Heh (Score:5, Informative)
Re: (Score:1)
Their really is an xkcd for everything isnt there?
Re: (Score:3, Funny)
Re: (Score:2)
Oh no my friend, you are thinking MUCH too small! Imagine the ULTIMATE troll hack, one that would go down in history for all time! I am of course talking about replacing one of Disney's primetime product sales dressed as a show with....dum dum dum....a 3D Goatse!
All across the land one would hear all the little childrens in a unified voice say "Mooooom, there's a GIANT BUTTHOLE on the TV!" followed by all the dads saying "What, did the president interrupt programming again?". Oh it would be a classic and g
Re:Heh (Score:4, Insightful)
> This is one of the reasons I say we need NAT on IPV6.
No. You need a firewall.
Re: (Score:2)
Force people to watch nothing but The Jersey Shore. This could be the secret to getting people to watch it.
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
> People watch that crap without being forced to?
Yes, billions of people watch television without being forced to. Amazing, isn't it?
Outer Limits Intro ..... (Score:5, Funny)
"We control the horizontal."
"We control the vertical...."
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:1)
Those controls disappeared decades ago.
Re:Outer Limits Intro ..... (Score:5, Interesting)
Those controls disappeared decades ago.
FTFA:
Screw the users. Looks like almost everyone has accepted the "you bought it but you don't control it" mentality.
Who do we blame? Steve Jobs. Verizon? Microsoft? The Supreme Court? Everyone for not making more noise?
Re: (Score:1)
Who do we blame?
I'll have to assume that's a rhetorical question, as I'm certain you know the answer
:-)
Personally, I blame the voices in my head.
Re: (Score:2)
Who do we blame?
I'll have to assume that's a rhetorical question, as I'm certain you know the answer
:-)
Personally, I blame the voices in my head.
Re: (Score:2)
Those controls disappeared decades ago.
FTFA:
Screw the users. Looks like almost everyone has accepted the "you bought it but you don't control it" mentality.
Who do we blame? Steve Jobs. Verizon? Microsoft? The Supreme Court? Everyone for not making more noise?
Wait a sec, are you saying that I could jailbreak my television? I don't know if it's incredibly awesome or incredibly depressing.
Re: (Score:3)
I guess you can now apply the business meaning.... [wikipedia.org] & [wikipedia.org]
The entire entertainment chain being controlled all the way vertically: entertainment production, manufacture of devices and what you can watch; and horizontally across all distribution channels and devices that you watch it on.
basically the Apple business model.
Re: (Score:1)
...basically the Apple business model.
Eh, for me to complain would just be sour grapes. More power to 'em.
Ok now, go up a level from this article (Score:2)
great timing to make a point
Re: (Score:1)
Cool ... (Score:1)
but the same trick works even for unsuspicious human beings using your wireless/wired connection (you can hijack their web browser sessions, steal their credentials, etc). It's been known probably since the conception of the Internet that HTTP isn't a secure protocol - probably TV manufactures never thought of their devices to be used on [public|untrusted|malicious] networks.
But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:3)
Re: (Score:3)
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:5, Interesting).
Re: (Score:1)
There is a reason my Television is not connected to the internet, even though it could be connected to it.
So why buy the TV?
Re: (Score:2)
I'll bite, this is my first HDTV, I also purchased some rabbit ears and dropped my cable TV because HD cable has the same problem that SD cable has: Endless Channels of Nothing Good On.
So I manage to get by with nothing but rabbit ears and connected TV which has Netflix/Pandora/(more) was well as PS3 and my audio component stack (including Myth) connected to it.
My wife and I don't care for the vapid sheeple fodder (in HD!) that is found on TV nowadays and, with a couple of exceptions, don't follow any show
Re: (Score:3)
The biggest problem I do see is that my Bravia is linked to my amazon.com account. We can purchase streaming movies with a few remote control key-presses. So I would guess if my TV is cracked, the thieves could go on an amazon shopping spree with my account.
But then, I've had credit cards compromised before (both personal and corporate). They were resolved with a couple phone calls, and I wasn't liable for anything.
So I am no
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:5, Insightful)
Having my TV join a botnet still doesn't sound like that much of a crisis.
Right up until it is used as a proxy to download child porn, and all of a sudden you are having to explain why your IP has accessed CP to law enforcement, family, friends, the media.....
Yeah, I know CP is one of those bogey men used to persuade people to see danger from unlikely events, but an accusation of CP can be enough to ruin lives. If you can avoid it, it's probably for the best.
Also, if your TV is in a botnet then it might be inside your firewall, if you use a straight forward NAT router. The TV could be used to attack other computers on your LAN which may contain more important data.
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:5, Insightful)
I would be more concerned with entertainment companies "hacking in to it" to remove programs you might be storing. The Kindle experience has shown us that devices that can be remotely accessed by the vendor can not be trusted.
I'll stick with dumb devices that simply do what I tell them.
Re: (Score:1)
Which model is it? I can't even find it online.
Re: (Score:2).
Emphasis mine.
Let me be a "Devil's Advocate" here". If it's not hurting me, it's not really a security risk, right? Really more of an annoyance if I noticed my storage space reduced or somehow noticed a performance problem. Why are there millions of PC out there in botnets? Same reason, I suppose. "My PC has been a little slow lately, but I can still use it. I'll have my geek brother-in-law take a look at it some time if I think of it."
OK, so that attitude is horrifying to us geeks. But to your average PC u
ISP overages (Score:3)
Let me be a "Devil's Advocate" here". If it's not hurting me, it's not really a security risk, right?
Participating in a botnet is hurting you. It runs up your GB per month, for which some ISPs charge overage fees. It can get your Internet access shut down, or it can even get you prosecuted for participating in the distribution of illegal pornography, as internewt pointed out [slashdot.org].
Re: (Score:3)
Saying "don't be a television and a web browser" is like pointing at a PDP11 running Unix and saying, "Don't be a document editor and also a formatter and also a C compiler." You're trying to apply the Unix philosophy at the wrong level. Look inside and then you'll see it. There's a codec library (and/or hardware) that does one thing well, and is used as part of many applications, just like "sed" is.
Re: (Score:2)
These internet capable TVs are running a Linux kernel. There really is a lot you can do with them with the right knowledge. Would it really be that hard to spoof a connection to the firmware update site and pass custom firmware back to the TV? Or send commands back to the TV to dump its memory for you, thereby giving up your Amazon account info? Maybe even a small routine to sniff the local wire for your credentials and email them out?
It's really not as far fetched as you think.
Re: (Score:2)
You mean like this [sony.com]?
Tivoized? (Score:2)
Re: (Score:3)
It would become trivially easy to DOS attack someone's TV by making it display nothing but goatse and 2girls1cup.
Re: (Score:2)
I have a hard time seeing a compromised TV being as much of a security risk as a compromised PC. Would a TV have your personal information on it? Probably not.
Definitly yes.
Facebook updates, Email alerts and incomming IM messages superimposed over the tc picture probably would be the favourite apps. And they all need your login credentials.
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:4, Informative)
The one that I just got supports external HDD's, USB Cameras, wired, wireless, HTTP (via vieracast). Granted, the TV's OS is very limited, but it supports enough that it could be very damaging if compromised.
For instance, my TV currently has stored in it passwords for my Skype/Netflix/Pandora accounts as well as my WPA2 creds.
The very limited VieraCast interface simply uses HTTP to generate it's menus and people have already started to use squid/DNS redirecting to do things like stream from Myth etc etc.
This guy so far seems to have made the most progress. [blogspot.com]
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:4, Funny)
"Would a TV have your personal information on it? Probably not."
How about the kiddie/personal porn on the USB HD attached directly to the TV?
Re: (Score:2)
Re:But How Connected is the TV Anyways? (Score:5, Informative)
1) Set up ssh and dynamic dns on compromised TV, or perhaps a cron job to do a reverse SSH tunnel every so often (to bypass firewall). Now you know where this connection is, at all times, and have full control, at any time.
2) Set up BIND DNS, set to forward to whatever malicious DNS server you want.
3) Either set up a phony DHCP server, and/or do some arp poisoning so that all traffic to the internet is routed thru the TV.
4) Control the entire household's internet connection -- rewriting HTTP pages, sending whatever DNS responses you want (Google? SURE, its this IP here in china!), capturing passwords (redirecting HTTPS to HTTP so that cert errors dont occur, or inserting non HTTPS javascript to capture the password), etc.
ANY smart device on a home network has the potential to wreak massive havok on that network.
Re: (Score:2)
Sure, you can run SSH and some of the othe
Re: (Score:2)
Crafting a piece of malware that could compromise several tens of millions of TVs would be worth doing even if there were tens of millions of others that it would not run on.
Re: (Score:2)
Are all the internet connected TVs using the same CPUs and operating systems? If not you would need to craft ways to deploy your requisite applications for each CPU/OS combination (not to mention you would of course need compatible binaries for each of them).
Crafting a piece of malware that could compromise several tens of millions of TVs would be worth doing even if there were tens of millions of others that it would not run on.
I agree with that logic. However the question there is at what point will there be tens of millions of internet-connected TVs that are capable of running the same malware by exploitation of the same vulnerability?
Sure, you can run SSH and some of the others through Java, which may clear the CPU/OS hurdle (assuming of course that the set runs Java fairly well) but then how will you get them to run when you want?
The bot will run whenever the set is on, of course.
Which, depending on the TV and its usage pattern, might not end up being all that useful for the botnet master.
Re: (Score:2)
If they are running linux, even if they only have 16mb of ram, 4mb of flash space, and a 216 mhz processor, you would be absolutely astonished at how much you could do.
FWIW most routers out there meet those specs, and can be flashed with DDWRT. They wouldnt use BIND, but they support cron, ssh, dnsmasq, dhcp, and quite a bit more. With double or triple the flash space, you start being able to really have some fun.
Re: (Score:2)
If you are intercepting all pages before they hit the computer, the process is simple. Person requests hxxps://. Infected bot intercepts it, makes the connection to the bank itself, decodes the page, and presents a "fake" version of the page, sans SSL. What ends up happening is the bot acts like a caching proxy, decoding each page as it comes in and providing a non-HTTPS version to the client.
Now, I dont think you could fake the SSL lock icon in the browser-- you may be able to fak
Re: (Score:2)
I should also note that you wouldnt even need to-- you could simply insert javascript into the HTTPS login page, as such pages are usually comprised of both HTTP and HTTPS components. You could rewrite the page with javascript so that parts are indeed HTTPS, but the actual submission is HTTP.
Re: (Score:2)
Compormised TV will be actually attack PC over lan.
This is valuable when NAT/Firewall is in picture - PC owner might be shielded from attacks by simply not having public IP or because ISP set up firewall.
Re: (Score:2)
As the PC becomes more secure there will be a push to find other devices in your house to use as botnet nodes.
Re: (Score:3, Funny)
I don't really see a TV as being useful in pumping out spam...
Approximately 16 minutes of every hour is devoted to spam... formerly known as "bathroom breaks"
Re: (Score:2)
The bot will have a built-in MTA, of course. More likely they will primarily be interested in stealing credentials, though.
Go back to dumb devices (Score:4, Interesting)
I hate how all these "smart" ones can be tricked into doing nefarious deeds.
Re: (Score:2)
As a sysadmin by profession, one of my favorite terms is "too stupid to break".
Re: (Score:2)
Unless I'm required to update it so I can watch OTA stations or cable or newly released movies.
In any case, I'd prefer not to anything extra I won't use that will pad the cost and allow for possible software bugs. And how long will it be before they're all wireless? What then? Cover my TV with aluminum foil?
Now why can't the hackers go fo cable box free HBO (Score:1)
Now why can't the hackers go for the cable box and hack us some free HBO
So, basically... (Score:3)
Major automotive security alert!!11!!! If someone steals your car, they get the stuff inside, too.
Ok, so... (Score:2)
Javascript is becoming a major plague (Score:3, Insightful)
Of course, the language per se is innocent. But embedding programmability in everything (Web pages, PDF what not) is becoming the biggest security nightmare all around. And the Web Masters want to entice us to be part of the fray. Quoth slashdot:
There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead.
Thanks, but no, thanks. I might not want anything (Classic needs cookies, bad Fido, no cookies for you today). Quoth again Slashdot [slashdot.org]:
Why does "This Function Require JavaScript?"
Welcome to the now, man!
[...]
Well, thanks again, but no, thanks. I'm getting pretty well along without my browser executing random stuff from out there (in most cases in ain't even malicious, but wickedly bad programming, just DOSing my computer).
Meh.
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:2)
Computer security 101:
When you run untrusted code on your computer, it is no longer your computer.
Esp. When the "untrusted" JavaScript code is compiled by IE's, Chrome's, and Firefox's engine into machine code on the fly... It's supposed to be run in a VM or interpreted, yet for the sake of speed we run it as machine code right on the metal -- Goodbye Sandbox!
Flaws in a TV? (Score:2)
Forget the security flaws, the ability to stream content to a HDTV is so variable, that you don't know if a set will actually cope with steaming until you buy it. So much for standards. Now THAT is a flaw! So that's why I've not bought a HDTV, and stick to a PC with a HD monitor - at least the computer can play anything I throw at it - and without wasting more electricity transcoding the content into something the TV might like.
Linux (Score:5, Interesting)
Don't most of the newer TVs run Linux? My father's LG does. So it's entirely possible that the first real viruses for Linux will run on TVs rather than normal computers.
Re: (Score:2)
My Sony Bravia certainly does. Now we see if the MS shills' predictions of Linux being hacked as much as Windows come true, given that it seems to be in everything from TVs to ebook readers to mobile phones these days.
Re: (Score:1)
How can you tell? Can you get a shell? Can you get busybox running? I'd love to get into my tv.
Re: (Score:2)
Network scanners like nmap show it running a linux kernel. I understand the Samsung TVs are also running Linux and there is a hack to get to a shell on them.
Re: (Score:3)
Also, it comes with a copy of the GPL and an offer for source code.
Re: (Score:2)
Sony offer source code for various devices here. Busybox is already installed on my TV but I've no idea how to get a shell up. I'm sure someone cleverer than me will work it out somehow.
Re: (Score:2)
Here: [sony.com]
Stupid slashdot
Inevitable (Score:5, Insightful)
Q: What happens when you combine a TV with a computer?
A: You get a computer.
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:2)
A2: You get a big iMac.
A "Big iMac" sounds like something you can eat.
Re: (Score:2)
> A "Big iMac" sounds like something you can eat.
But you can only put iCondiments on it and you must hold it just so.
Rogue DHCP server? (Score:5, Funny)
Well that's just great! You're telling me it's not safe to lug my HDTV into Starbucks anymore?
Might be a Panasonic (Score:1)
User permission (Score:4, Insightful)
Surely that should read, "without the user's permission".
Re: (Score:2)
Surely that should read, "without the user's permission".
What's the difference? Don't think that when you buy such a device you're the owner/user in this day and age. You're not. You're a consumer, no more no less. Your only job is to consume content, preferably pay every time, or at least watch the commercials. You may have some influence on what you get to watch, but the manufacturer controls the list you can choose from.
So now get back to that sofa, commercial break is starting in a moment.
Re: (Score:2)
Surely that should read, "without the user's permission".
I guess it depends on who owns your TV. Certainly sounds in this case like the author believes you've just licensed it.
Re: (Score:3)
Surely that should read, "without the user's permission".
No that's probably correct. The manufacturer probably uses the same chassis and hardware across many models, and the only difference is the software features. Another similar example is Video cards where the lesser models simply have a few cores turned off in the GPU. Enabling those features would give you the equivalent of the more expensive model.
Re: (Score:2)
No. The wording is correct due to the word "extend". In other words, you could unlock features that belong to a model with a higher price tag. The manufacturer would then not get as much money because the higher priced version will no longer sell because you can get the same features in the lower priced version.
Yes, that business model is crappy, but that is not the point.
Solution! iptvtables and ipv6tables (Score:1)
Solution! ipTVtables and ip6TVtables squidTVguard,
alternatively NETBSDTV
;o)
Same old same old (Score:2)
People are selling personal computers that come preloaded with insecure software? I'm shocked!
Oh, the personal computer is called something else, "internet TV," so that makes this news.
Re: (Score:2)
There is another difference.
People by now are used to having to update the software on their computer regularly. This is not a multi-purpose computer - this is a specialised device. Not many people, if any, are used to update the software on a device - that was until now generally not an issue, if possible in the first place. Even on modern devices it's, in my experience, not that easy anyway.
Point in case: I'm having problems updating my LG smart phone: the Android update software, Windows only, fails to
Re: (Score:2)
My Sony TV has an update firmware facility. I'm not sure I'd want to risk bricking my TV though. As to LG, well after my experience with the shoddy firmware on the Viewty (that LG refused to update) I wouldn't bother buying another.
Re: (Score:2)
the Android update software, Windows only, fails to recognise my phone when running in VirtualBox. Windows itself detects it just fine though.
VirtualBox has flaky USB support in my opinion. Try something stable like VMWare. Try booting from a copy of the Ultimate Boot Disk for Windows and see if the updater will run from there. Was your VirtualBox Windows install done with nlite? That might be your problem as well.
WHat for??? (Score:1)
When you can plug your computer into the back of the tv and use it as a screen, why give the tv functionality of a computer
where can you install the AV or firewall or malware programs on your tv, you cant, yet even M$ says you need those if you want to surf the web, the guy who thought of adding the browser to the tv was an idiot....sorry for saying...especially when i can just hook mine up and do the exact same thing by using the tv as my screen......!
missing the point (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
But the attack on the TV requires them to already have compromised your router/server, so they are already inside your NAT/FW.
As for setting up a DMZ... you mean people don't already have this?
Re: (Score:2)
I didn't say DMZ, I said a guest network. A DMZ is a subnet that is intended to expose your servers to _incoming_ connections from the internet.
I'm talking about a NATted subnet can only initiate outgoing connections. Basically another private lan that is partitioned from your sensitive machines.
And BTW there are plenty of ways to root a machine that don't involve compromising the router. Trojans being the most obvious example.
Re: (Score:2)
The exploit in question requires either DHCP or DNS to be subverted locally in order for the device to be attacked.
The ethernet socket on my LG TV has never worked (Score:2)
Why not set top boxes? (Score:2)
This is why we need FOSS (Score:2)
As devices become "smarter" and more connected, these kinds of flaws and vulnerabilities will only increase in number and severity. It's highly unlikely that there will ever be enough economic incentive for manufacturers to keep the embedded software in their consumer devices secure and up-to-date, not to mention the lack of software update mechanisms.
This is why we need Free Software. Standard platforms running Free Software can be patched and updated simply and easily, and maintained by community effort
Attacker is the user here (Score:2)
The attacker they really mean here, is the user who purchased the Internet-connected HDTV.
Indeed, it is possible for him to trick the TV that is connected to his network infrastructure into doing things the manufacturer had been trying to prevent the user from doing.
This is not very different from jailbreaking your own phone or video game console, except it's much more trivial.
Er... from where? (Score:2)
I don't think anyone has their "Internet TV" directly connected to the internet. They are *ALL* behind the firewall. Thus the only way to launch these attacks are from your own internal network.Who Do New York Rangers Prefer to Play in First Round?
Entering the final weekend of the 2013-14 season, the New York Rangers can take a second to catch their breath after a tough sprint to the finish line. With 95 points, the Rangers have locked up the second seed in the Metropolitan division. They can do no better or worse than where they currently sit and will host whoever grabs the third seed in met. But if you were New York, who would you rather play?
The Philadelphia Flyers and Columbus Blue Jackets are fighting for that third seed and the right to play New York. The other will have to settle for a wildcard spot and also risk the possibility of a first round matchup with the Boston Bruins. Other than simply choosing a team, let’s take a closer look at the pros and cons to each scenario.
Why the Rangers want to play Columbus:
Defensively the Rangers are a better team. Jack Johnson has had a breakout year by establishing himself as one of the leaders of the Blue Jackets and James Wisniewski has 50 points, but the Rangers get the edge because of their depth.
Ryan McDonagh has been the best Ranger for most of the season and Dan Girardi is always solid. Marc Staal has returned to his old form while Anton Stralman and Kevin Klein have quietly played very strong. The acquisition of Klein has proven to be a success from a defensive standpoint. Columbus also doesn’t get enough scoring from their defense. Only seven of Wisnieski’s 50 points are goals and the team has 28 goals from defensemen this season. McDonagh has 14 goals himself.
Why the Rangers don’t want to play Columbus:
Three letters. “B-o-b.” Sergei Bobrovsky has been great in goal this season since he got healthy and when he’s on his game the Blue Jackets can beat anybody. The bad news for other teams is that he has been on his game of late. Bobrovsky has given up one goal or less in four of his last seven games and Columbus has won five of those games. The Blue Jackets will go as far as the reigning Venzina Trophy winner will take them.
Why the Rangers want to play Philly:
Steve Mason is the biggest reason New York would want a first round date with their bitter rivals. Mason has played solid down the stretch and the Flyers have needed him to make it this far, but the playoffs could be a different story.
Mason only has four career playoff games under his belt—all losses. That was five years ago as a member of Columbus when the Blue Jackets were swept. Mason posted a 4.27 goals-against average. Of course that was then, but it will be interesting to see how Mason handles the pressure of the playoffs this time around. Other than that, the Flyers are entering the postseason as a dangerous team that many would not want to face.
Why the Rangers don’t want to play Philly:
Did I mention that Philly is a dangerous team? The answer to why lies obviously within their captain Claude Giroux. He’s been nothing less than spectacular this season, especially considering his slow start. He didn’t score his first goal until his 16th game. It’s no coincidence that the team as a whole slumped out of the gate. Giroux is this team’s best player and he needs to play like it for the Flyers to maximize their potential. Despite the slow start, Giroux is second only to Sidney Crosby in points in the Eastern Conference.
Verdict:
All three teams are playing well heading into the postseason, but New York has a more favorable matchup against the Blue Jackets. The Flyers are deeper than Columbus and get production from all of their lines much like the Rangers. New York’s depth is what helped the team start scoring goals at a higher rate and they could do some damage against Columbus’ lower lines. Also, the Blue Jackets rely on scoring from a select few and if they don’t score, the team could be in trouble. One thing is certain — the series will be packed with intensity.. Broccoli-Spinach Pie
Total Time
Prep 45 mins
Cook 1 hr
This is a little different take on the typical spinach pie. This is Jeff Smith's version. I have served this many times and have always gotten compliments. It's pretty easy, for spinach pie. Enjoy!
Ingredients Nutrition
- 10 ounces frozen broccoli, thawed and squeezed
- 10 ounces frozen whole spinach leaves, thawed
- 1 onion, peeled and chopped
- 2 green onions, chopped fine
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 8 ounces feta cheese
- 2 eggs, beaten
- 2 tablespoons fresh chives, chopped
- 2 tablespoons fresh dill, chopped
- 1⁄2 cup parsley, chopped
- fresh ground black pepper, to taste
- 24 phyllo pastry sheets
- 1⁄2 cup melted butter (more may be needed)
Directions
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
- Saute the onion and green onions in the oil until golden brown.
- Add the broccoli and spinach, and cook for about 5 minutes.
- Stir in the cheese, eggs, chives, dill, parsely and black pepper. Remove from heat to cool a bit.
- Using a pastry brush, butter a 9" x 10" baking dish and begin layering the first 12 phyllo sheets, brushing each with a little butter as you go.
- Drain the excess liquid from the broccoli-spinach mixture and spread it over the 12 layers of phyllo dough.
- Cover this with the remaining 12 phyllo sheets, repeating the buttering process as you add each sheet. You made need to melt a little more butter if you run out.
- Cut the pie into 10 (or more) pieces, using a very sharp pointed knife.
- Bake uncovered for about 1 hour, or until golden brown. You may need to tent this with aluminum foil towards the end of cooking, if the top layer of phyllo is getting too brown.
Reviews
Most Helpful
Yum, so good! I had to make some adjustments due to the ingredients I had on hand. I only had 4 oz. of feta, so I used 4 oz. of cottage cheese. I wish I would have used parmesan, but it was still good. As a result of using half less salty cheese, I did add salt. Also, I threw in some lemon juice ad a dash of nutmeg, which I think enhances spinach. Thanks for posting!
Broccoli-Spinach Pie