00 + Click Les than 3 weeks for Marine 17 July 13, 2017 Under 3 weeks to go before the who’s who of the Australian Marine Industry gather together, at the newly developed ICC Sydney, for 3 days of inspiration, collaboration & networking.… Read More + 00 10th Annual Bellingham Calendar Photo Contest June 29, 2017 Bellingham Marine, worldwide marina design-build construction company, has announced that they are now accepting entries for their 10th annual photo calendar contest. The calendar features striking images from professional and amateur photographers… Sun smiles on Riviera fleet for Port Stephens Expe... June 10, 2017 Perfect conditions greeted a fleet of eight Riviera and Belize motor yachts in late April when 22 owners and guests set out on a voyage north from Sydney to Port… Extended marina life with one simple breakthrough May 18, 2017 Fiberglass-reinforced pultruded plastic (FRP) components to replace steel thru-rods and timber walers on concrete floating docks. Marina del Rey, in California, USA – 17 May 2017 – Two common challenges encountered… Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta May 10, 2017 The Club Marine Pittwater to Paradise Regatta is confirmed as an exciting long term fixture to feature in Australia’s summer sailing calendar. Australia’s east coast offshore sailing scene will… Read More + 00 A Chip off the Old Dock: Portable timber system May 10, 2017 The Miami International Boat Show (MIBS) produces an economic impact of over $600 million for the Miami area, so when show organizers at the NMMA were told they needed to… Read More + 00 Ready willing and Abell for Airlie Beach Race ... May 10, 2017 While clean-ups are still in progress in the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie, all in the Whitsundays are working hard to make sure everything is ready for the winter seasonThis article is from the archive of our partner
.
In scanning the list
of the ten highest-grossing music tours in the U.S. in 2010, something
caught Annie Lowrey's eye: rubbing elbows with "AARP-eligible best-selling rockers"
like Bon Jovi was The Dave Matthews Band, those
"'90s-era jam-loving college-town rockers," clocking in at $72.9
million in revenue.
How did the band do it? As the music industry struggles with plummeting record sales, Lowrey explains
at Slate, DMB relentlessly focuses on touring, the industry's best path
to profitability (sort of). The band has toured for two decades straight and has played a staggering 1,692 shows since
1992, she notes. DMB makes most of its money touring, Lowrey
continues, while also profiting from the sale of merchandise, fan-club
membership, and live-show discs and DVDs.
Perhaps the band's greatest secret ingredient is the way it cultivates enthusiasts, she adds:.
Of course, live performances may also be in trouble. As the Wire recently reported, concert ticket sales in the U.S. dropped 12 percent in 2010.
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire.Never Stop Moving
Whether you’re zipping around city streets or navigating winding roads, the 2018 Cruze Sedan and first-ever Cruze Hatchback are made to work hard for you. With a unique combination of entertainment technology, remarkable efficiency and available advanced safety features, this sporty compact car helps you get where you’re going without missing a beat.Crestview Hills, Kentucky LSAT Course offerings
For Crestview Hills students who are interested in registering for a traditional classroom course, TestMasters offers comprehensive live LSAT prep courses in the state of Kentucky. Our in-depth online course is also available for Crestview Hills students interested in taking one of our LSAT review courses but are unable to enroll in a live course. Students in Kentucky who would rather prepare for the LSAT one-on-one with a private tutor can either study diagnostic exams and access to comprehensive score analyses for each
- Rigorous read Crestview Hills to a new location, students should contact the TestMasters offices right away so we can reserve.5
HR Heads, Learning and Development Heads
NuVeda provides end-to-end learning solutions that drive accelerated learning for Corporates, Universities and educational institutions. Focus on building Continuous Learning Organizations (CLOs), helping them leverage learning for competitive advantage. Our learning solutions drive business impact such as: Increased speed to competence, Reduced training costs, Increased revenues by training customers, suppliers and vendors, Improved HR processes such as recruitment, attrition and more.Show me the Money $$$$$$
Day 1 week 2
Printer and I not acknowledging one another – it’s a stand-off – I have a feeling the printer will win.
I opened my very own bank account today at Siam Commericial Bank!!! How coolio am I? I cannot describe the feeling. I guess I have missed being independent more than I realised. Have to wait until the end of the month to use it, BUT, still, it’s all mine! (evil laughter) I have already spotted my dream handbag for this season in a shop called ‘Le Petit Sac’ hehe It’s a Hermes style for those of you who appreciate true beauty.The bank book cover has a Winnie The Pooh and Piglet picture which makes me think of my first Post Office savings book when I was 9……
Work was better, more people talking to me and I had lunch with a Singaporian girl who doesn’t speak any Thai so we bonded over how isolated and excluded we feel on a daily basis. Scary thing is she has worked here for three years. Am going to have to break through somehow, am planning my debute at the next office party…….not really.
She gave me some great insight into working in Thai culture. If you make a suggestion to client and it differs from theirs, you will be ignored as it is seen as ‘arguing’ with the client. I hope I can find a way to gain their trust and make a difference on my brands.
More later, stay tuned xxxx
ok…so working in Thai culture is exactly the same as here then? hahahahahaha xxxx
p.s. printer is fruitless mission. i’m on 2.5 years & we still don’t get on.
haha agreed
pps: at least your digital screen is in English! I had my finger print rejected twice this morning, rejection that early should not be allowed!HGH Testing
- Albert Breer of the NFL Network reports that the NFL will begin testing players for HGH this coming Monday.
Broncos
- The Broncos wanted to sign WR Brandon Lafell and bring back CB Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie this past offseason, but their asking price forced Denver to pursue WR Emmanuel Sanders and CB Aqib Talib instead. (Albert Breer)
Chiefs
- Rookie RB/WR De’Anthony Thomas (hamstring) will make his NFL debut this weekend. (Terez A. Paylor)
Cowboys
- Owner Jerry Jones referred to RB Joseph Randle as the “biggest threat probably to [DeMarco Murray‘s] stats.“
“The biggest threat probably to DeMarco’s stats is Joseph Randle,” Jones said during an appearance on 105.3 The Fan, via ESPN.com. “Frankly, I don’t want to leave [Lance] Dunbar out of this equation, either. If we can, it would be good to have Dunbar with a few more touches.
Titans
- WR Justin Hunter could get the start over veteran WR Nate Washington in this weekend’s game against the Browns. (Adam Caplan)
Be the First to Comment!I have been wanting to try Poole’s Diner for a long time. I’d been to Beasley’s, one of Ashley Christensen’s other Raleigh restaurants, and I thought the food there was very good. I got fried chicken and waffles. It was delicious–and I don’t even like fried chicken. However, I was not crazy about the uncomfortable seats and the chalkboard menus. Poole’s has the same chalkboard menus but normal seating. We got here early, one of the first customers, and we waited until the restaurant officially opened. We were seated quickly then and the dining room took no time to fill up. I did notice that, despite the fact that we were one of the first people there, food kept coming out of the kitchen and going to other tables while we waited for our order.
We started with the pimento cheese appetizer. Both of us thought it was a little hotter than we like pimento cheese.
Of course, we got the famous mac and cheese. I really liked it. I love a creamy mac and cheese. My friend was hoping for a more traditional mac and cheese. But I think the blend of Jarlsberg, Grana Padano and white cheddar is fab.
We also got the root vegetable au gratin, and maybe it was because of the mac and cheese, but I wasn’t tasting the au gratin part very much.
I got the special of the night, a pork chop with escarole and bread pudding. The pork chop was a tad dry, which is better than undercooked pork which I sometimes get when I order pork chops. I liked the escarole. The bread pudding tasted a bit like Thanksgiving stuffing.
For dessert, we shared a chocolate church cake with hazelnuts. This cake was great. If you like rich chocolate ganache, you’d love it.
Looks good!!Set in Sarbinowo in the West Pomerania Region, 27 km from Kołobrzeg, Apartment with Terrace near Beach - PL 055.016 features a children\'s playground and terrace. Koszalin is 15 km from the property. Free WiFi is available .
Featuring a terrace, all units include a dining area and a seating area with a flat-screen TV. There is also a kitchen, equipped with a fridge and stovetop. There is a private bathroom with a shower in each unit. Bed linen is offered.
Mielno is 6 km from Apartment with T...errace near Beach. Free private parking is available on site.ELDORET, May 23- Two-time world champion, Asbel Kiprop was a no show with upcoming athletes taking their chance to shine on Saturday as the final 2015 Athletics Kenya Track and Field Series meeting concluded in a jam-packed Dr. Kipchoge Keino Stadium in Eldoret.
Kiprop, the 2008 Olympics champion, was all the rave of Day 1 on Friday when he dropped a new stadium record in the heats, stopping the clock at a commendable 3:36.06 in the heats but with the IAAF Ostrava World Challenge and Diamond League Eugene meetings next week, he was among a slew of stars who gave the domestic showdown the miss.
Others such as Commonwealth champion, Mercy Cherono and World Cross titleholder, Agnes Tirop simply eased off the gas to allow upstarts to have their name in the lights as the self styled athletics capital of Kenya revelled in the first public tartan track outside Nairobi in the newly refurbished stadium.
Bahamas World Relays Distance Medley silver medallist Timothy Cheruiyot, who was second fastest in the men 1500m heats stepped up to take the glory in the final that lived up to the ranking order from Friday.
Abednego Chesebe (3:41.9), and Mark Bett (3:42.2) took silver and bronze with Mathew Kiptanui (3:43.2), Hosea Cherongei (3:44.0) and Robert Kapting’ei (3:44.0) sealing the top six in that order.
“I am happy with victory since I was not expecting it. I shall work hard to maintain the performance,” Cheruiyot who is off to Eugene, Oregon to reacquaint himself with America’s rising mid distance sensation, Ben Blankenship who anchored his team to gold in Bahamas told.
The return of forgotten star, the past World Junior and All African Games (African Games) gold medallist, Willy Komen, from long term Achilles injury ended with silver in his 3000m steeplechase speciality behind newcomer Felix Kerong who was the commanding victor with 8:37.2 on the clock against the bridesmaid’s 8:40.5.
Patrick Churus stopped the timer in 8:41.9 well adrift to close the podium.
Elijah Kipchirchir motored to an impressive 13:51.8 for victory in the 5000m, considering the punishing elevation of Eldoret to run the rule over more illustrious challengers who were led home by Peter Lagat who posted 13:57.2 as Kipng’etich Rono took silver in 13:57.2.
Willy Kwemoi (14:04.8) led Bernard Korir (14:10.6) across the line to complete the top-five.
Former World Youth silver medallist and fourth finisher at last year’s World Juniors, Alex Sampao, completed a 47.01victory in 400m to force 2010 Commonwealth champion, Mark Mutai who returned 47.81 and seasoned Kenya Prisons veteran, Thomas Musembi (48.68) to the minor podium places.
Veteran multiple national silver medallist, Erick Shikuku carried the 10,000m Race walking title in 46:19.5 ahead of Simion Musangu (48:11.0) as Jacob Mutai (1:03:30.7) appeared from the distance to take bronze, five minutes ahead of Hezron Mungai in fourth.
-Chekemoi stuns-
In the highlight race of the day, the capacity crowd celebrated surprise package Nancy Chepkemoi who won the star-studded 1500m women’s race in 4:06.5 ahead of Cherono (4:07.2) and Doha Diamond League shock women 3000m steeple winner, Virginia Nyambura (4:12.4) in the bronze position.
Jebet who won the senior women 8km global title at the Guiyang World Cross last March came home in 4:20.1 to place just outside the medals.
Africa Youth 2000 metres steeplechase titleholder Sandra Chebet led twin sister- Emily Chebet another junior continental champion- to the 1-2 in the women 10000m where the clocks returned 34:51.6 against 34:53.3.
Seasoned Lucy Cheruiyot (35:57.1), Beatrice Cherop (36:41.4) and Salome Chepchumba (37:00.4) crossed the line in that order to populate the top-five.
Priscilla Tabunda (62.6), Caroline Mwende (64.9), Tabitha Mwalili (65.4) and Agnes Kangogo (66.4) claimed the top places in 400m.This Summer’s Top Camping (or Glamping) Trip Must-Haves
Bayer Advanced Lawn 24 Hour Grub Control, 15 lbs (6.8 kg) - BAYER-PURSELL, LLC
BY BAYER
4.41 / 5 based on 17 Reviews
Product Description
Bayer Advanced Lawn 24-Hour Grub Control rescues your lawn from active grub damage. Nothing kills grubs faster. Ready-to-spread granules. Quick facts: For use after first signs of grubs. Stops grubs from further damaging lawn. Degrades quickly. Easy-to-use granules kills white grubs, mole crickets and other listed pests. Coverage - This bag covers up to 5,000 sq. ft (white grubs, mole cricket) 7500 sq. ft (sod webworms, cutworms). Kills cutworms, white grubs (larvae of chafers and Japanese beetles), mole crickets, and sod webworms. Signs of damage to lawns: Grubs - White grubs cause extensive damage to lawns by feeding on grass roots. Grass turns yellow, then brown and dies. Grubs chew off roots so that the grass is easily pulled up in pieces with your hands. You can roll it back like a carpet to reveal the grubs. If patches of dead grass appeared in your lawn late last summer, check for grubs. Mole crickets - Mole crickets often cause extensive damage by tunneling through lawns. Some species also feed on roots. Tunneling uproots the grass so it easily dries out. Lawns turn yellow, become thin, weedy and can eventually die. Sod webworms and cutworms - Sod webworms and cutworms damage lawn by cutting blades of grass near the ground. Small brown patches will appear. Cutworms can also be seen in the lawn. Webworms nest down in the thatch layer, coming up to feed at night. How it works. Bayer Advanced Lawn 24-Hour Grub Control is intended to be used when insects and grubs area present. After granules are watered in, insects are killed on contact. The active ingredient then degrades quickly. see more...
Top Questions No one has asked a question yet! Be the first!
Bayer Advanced Lawn 24 Hour Grub Control, 15 lbs (6.8 kg) - BAYER-PURSELL, LLC
Reviews (17)
Q&A (0)
REVIEWS
Definitely worth the priced!!! It helps a lot keeping my lawn nice and beautiful. I don't have to worry anymore on those harmful bugs and worms that keep killing my grass. Very effective with long lasting result! Im very happy with my purchased!
A year ago we had lots of grubs in our backyard. This product saved our lawn. It took a while before the grass recovered but it did. We ended up saving more because we don't have to replace the grass.
I used this product approximately two months ago. I have noticed a few grubs, but considerably less than I used to have. Not sure if it was connected, but after we treated, we had a surge of ground moles!
Work very fast I spread dirt in my yard and it seem like all the creatures came after this I've seen less spiders and the little water slugs would definitely recommend this product
I used this in my yard and I did see less evidence of the damage the grubs caused. I put it in my hand spreader and watched it work.
Todos los productos de esta marca son muy buenos y efectivos, he usado varios y de verdad quede muy satisfecha con los resultados!
This is a excellent product really kill this ugglys insects whit the rains sometimes appear but you buy this one and bye bye
This is a great product and it really does what it says. I love this item and will repurchase when it is gone.
Helps keep unwanted pest or bugs away for 3 months and kills them instantly it also stop termits and other pest
We take care of our lawn and don't want grubs killing our nice looking healthy grass. This is easy to use.
Q & A
Looking for
your answer?
Be the First to Ask a QuestionWednesday, June 26, 2013
Hosts Needed- Tour- The Nephilim Warriors Series by K.A. Young
Book Info-
Title- Prophecy Of The Female Warrior
Series- Nephilim Warriors Book # 1
By- K.A. Young
Genre- Mature Audiences 18+-Paranormal Romance/Urban Fantasy
Blurb-
Anna Wilkins is a prototypical housewife. She buys groceries, picks up the dry cleaning and hosts finds Anna at her darkest hour and seeks to arouse what lies dormant within her. The scorching sexual attraction she and the Warrior feel for one another may be beyond anything either of them can control...
Links-
Amazon-
Barnes & Noble-
Book Info-
Title-Destiny Of The Female Warrior
Series-.
Links-
Barnes & Noble-
Amazon-
Book Info-
Title- Blood Kiss
Series- Nephilim Warriors # 3
By-K.A. Young
Genre-Mature Audiences 18+-Paranormal Romance/Urban Fantasy
Blurb-.
Links-
Amazon US
Amazon UK
About the Author-
K.A. Young is a paranormal/ urban.
Links-
Amazon Author Page-
Twitter--Focuses on manufacturing design processes integrated with project management, economics, and ethics. Manufacturing methods and industrial processes are introduced, including casting, forming and machining. Applications of industrial materials include composition, fabrication, and characteristics. Lab work develops studentsâ€™ basic machining processes.
Subject Categories: Science
Related Programs:
Institution: Santa Fe Community College
Semesters Offered: Please contact the course contact to see if this course is still being offered.A rare case of an intoxicated woman giving birth occurred in Košice’s Louis Pasteur University Hospital on April 5, the SITA newswire reported.
Hospital spokeswoman Jaroslava Oravcová said that the 32-year-old woman, pregnant with her first child, came to the hospital clearly under the influence of alcohol early on Tuesday. The staff took a blood sample for testing. Several hours before she gave birth, they found 2.4 pro-mille level of alcohol in her blood. Both the baby and the mother are said to be doing well.
Source: SITA
Compiled by Zuzana Vilikovská from press reports
The Slovak Spectator cannot vouch for the accuracy of the information presented in its Flash News postings.
7. Apr 2011 at 10:00So far we have yet to see JJ get a little more hurt on Criminal Minds. So, just thought this was one way it could go down :) Hope you like it!
"JJ, Reid you guys go through the main entrance. I'll take Sheriff Forbes and we'll take the back of the building, alright?" Morgan directed as they gathered by the hood of the SUV.
The team had gotten a lead on where this guy could be hiding, but there were two possible locations so they split up. Hotch, Rossi and Blake took the guy's home address while they took his old work place: an abandoned construction site. They had five floors of this apartment block to search, and with only four of them, they had to be careful and on high alert.
"We'll take the first floor and you two head for the second." He added and then pulled out his gun, a sign that he was ready to put the plan into action.
The four of them started walking towards the almost completed block, guns drawn, before the small group broke in two. Before JJ opened the door she glanced at Spencer, who was looking slightly nervous, and gave him a reassuring nod. With her left hand she opened the door and snuck inside, Reid following her swiftly. Immediately the stairs leading to the second level were spotted to their left. There were things scattered along the floor ranging from old wires, bricks and wooden planks to rusty tools or metal pipes, all able to be used as a possible weapon if needed.
JJ's heart was hammering fast as they walked to the bottom of the steps, trigger fingers at the ready and torches illuminating the path ahead.
"We're in" she heard Morgan say in her earpiece as they tackled the dangerous looking staircase that were ridden with dangerous objects. Once they reached the top, Reid whispered, " You take the last three rooms, I'll take these three". JJ nodded and quickly checked that no one was looming in the doorways on the way to her assigned rooms.
She entered the first apartment and quickly scanned her surroundings for anything that looked like a body. Everything good so far she thought and moved to the bedroom, clear, and then went to check the bathroom, safe.
"Spence, room…" she read the number on the just-cleared room's door "2D clear" she quietly informed him and then went to do the same to the remaining rooms.
She was leaving the last room when she heard "JJ, I've got a body." Reid said.
"What room? My one's are all clear."
"2C. I'm gonna check for a pulse. You go ahead, I'll be right behind you." the younger profiler told her.
She took a breath and went to the next flight of stairs. Gun and light pointing forward, she carefully moved up until she reached the top. Rounding the corner quickly, making no noise, she faced the long corridor. It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. JJ took the first step towards the nearest room but stopped in her tracks when she heard a footstep and then a hooded figure exit the second last apartment, completely unaware of what was going on around him.
"FBI, don't move!" JJ raised her voice, filling the long corridor. The man jumped at the sudden noise and searched for the source, eye's meeting with the blonde agent. "Let me see your hands" she ordered with her gun pointed right at him.
There was a small moment of silence as both of them eyed up one another before the man sprinted towards the stairs leading to the third floor. "Hey! Stop!" JJ ordered once again as she took off after the runner. She stopped when her foot touched the first step and swiftly checked that he wasn't waiting for her at the top. "Morgan, I've got something!" she shouted into her mic, but left it at that since she didn't want to let the UnSub know she was now at the top. She craned her neck and looked around the corner to make sure the corridor was clear before moving forward. She just saw a blur before it disappeared at the end of the hall by the next flight. "Morgan, he's heading to the forth floor" she told him and then tried to close the distance between her and the man.
Scanning the staircase quickly she then took the steps two at a time. "JJ, wait for us. Don't go after him until you've got backup. We'll get him on the roof an-" she removed her earpiece. Morgan's voice was distracting her and stopped her from hearing anything in her surroundings. She tried to slow her breathing, afraid that he might hear her.
This time when she stepped out onto the corridor, she heard a 'whoosh' sound before seeing the hooded man swing a plank at her. She had enough time to bring her arms up to shield her head before her right arm and shoulder were struck hard, enough force to knock her to her knees, her hands landing on the floor. The tight grip she had on her gun and flashlight loosened and that was enough to get them knocked out of her grasp when he kicked her armed hand, his knee catching her jaw at the same time. Her Glock skidded across the floor and got lost among the rubble in the corner.
JJ took another kick, but this time to her midsection. The wind was knocked out of her and had her lying on the floor on her side. She grunted, but could take it since the vest had cushioned the kick. The man started to turn and run again, so she quickly got to her feet, grabbed the back of his jumper to slow him down and then wrapped her arms around his neck, just like Morgan taught her to, to put him in a sleeper hold.
He brought his hands to her arm to try and loosen her tight hold and then used his weight to push her back until she hit a wall. She grunted when her head bounced off the concrete, his body crushing her. This gave him the opportunity to fling his head back, smacking the back of his skull against her nose, and then bring his elbow to her midsection.
Now free of her grip, he turned and swung his fist to connect it with the side of her jaw. She winced and dropped to one knee, her left arm shielding her from him.
"JJ! JJ, we're coming!" Reid shouted from the lower level, sounding very close to the stairs leading here.
This gave her hope. The fight was almost over. The UnSub knew he was about to be caught, so he grabbed her by the hair and pulled her closer to the stairs Reid would be running up. He's going to push me down the stairs she copped, so she punched the back of his knee which made that leg buckle, but not freeing her from his grip.
"Let go!" she shouted and twisted the arm grabbing her hair, making him shout out in pain. The next thing that happened she was not expecting. She had his arm in a painful hold, yet he pushed through the pain and grabbed the front of her vest and pulled her past him and over the top step.
She wrapped her already sore arms up around her pounding head just in time before her hip connected with one of the steps. "Ugh!" she grunted painfully and felt her body roll from the momentum. Her legs were hitting off the metal banisters, which were slowing her down somewhat, but when her knee whacked off one she screamed out in pain. Her hands, elbows, ribs, legs, and feet were taking quite the battering from each step she bounced off and crashed into an open toolbox.
Her side landed on the floor hard, she let out a groan and felt the odd object fall on or near her. She was in so much pain, and the room was spinning…everything hurt, everything throbbed and stung. She closed her eyes.
"JJ!" she heard her name but didn't answer. "JJ, can you hear me?" A hand lightly touched her shoulder, making her wince. "Morgan, we're going to need an ambulance, now!" She could hear him say.
Her leg…her leg was so sore…she opened her eyes and blinked to try and help focus her blurry vision
"He's probably headed towards the roof. I've got JJ, he pushed her down the stairs" Reid said into his mic.
She squeezed her eyes shut and opened them again to see Spencer leaning over her, a worried expression on his face "JJ, don't move. I need to examine your injuries" he told her, but she found it hard to focus on anything he was saying. Her head pounded like crazy, wave after painful wave.
"My head…my head and leg hurt" she croaked and brought her hand to where her forehead stung. She groaned when her hand came away warm and sticky…bloody.
"You most likely have a concussion, a few bruised ribs and your leg…" he stopped suddenly.
Why did he stop talking? Was he back? Back to finish her off? She turned her head to look back at Reid through scrunched eyes. "Spence?" she asked, her voice mixed with confusion and worry. The light hurt her eyes but she had managed to see him staring at her lower half, his face pale. She followed his line of sight and was wondering what had him so freaked until she saw it…a giant nail was sticking out of her left thigh. At first it was hard to grasp, but once she did, she felt sick. It wasn't that she was squeamish. She could deal with blood and dead bodies and all that, but the fact that a nail was buried half way into her leg made her light headed.
Reid was about to say something but the sound of a gunshot above them stopped him. "Morgan? Morgan, what happened?" They both looked up the stairs
"Spence, go. They might need you." JJ said as she placed her hand on the ground to push her up into a sitting position. When he didn't move she paused what she was doing and met his eyes "I'll be fine, go" she told him and got a small smile and a nod before he pulled his gun out and went to investigate.
She watched him make his way up slowly and frowned when he turned back to look at her "JJ, put your earpiece in" he spoke lowly and then he disappeared around the corner at the top.
JJ dragged herself back to rest against the wall, her legs straight out in front of her, careful not to hit off the nail. Once she was settled somewhat comfortably, she grabbed the earpiece and placed it back in her ear. Just as she was going to check in with Reid did she hear something coming from where he had just disappeared moments ago. Her heart jumped and she swallowed and went to reach for her gun when she remembered it was kicked from her hands during the fight. "Crap" she hissed. Either the UnSub retrieved her Glock or it was still somewhere upstairs. She looked around quickly for something to use as a weapon, but realized it wouldn't do much if he was armed with her gun.
"JJ, Morgan got him" she heard in her earpiece and the slight echo coming from close by. She sighed in relief and dropped the pipe she had picked up. JJ wiped her hands off the side of her pants and then tried to stand. She didn't want to just sit here and since it wasn't life threatening she shuffled up the wall until she got to her feet.
Spencer made his way back down to her and when he saw her up he started to protest "Paramedic's are 2 minutes out." He stood side by side to her and wrapped his arm around her waist just as she brought her arm around the back of his neck, almost acting as a crutch. "You really should be sitting JJ." He told her, but he knew she wouldn't listen to his 'medical advise' so he lifted his free hand to grab her hand at his shoulder and started walking towards the stairs leading down.
Morgan met them on the second floor stairs so he quickly went to take the other side of the injured blonde, which helped get to ground floor much quicker.
"Can't they just pull this thing out of my leg and stitch me up?" JJ asked, hoping she didn't have to go to the emergency room…plus, the amount of paperwork this would pile up to was what she wanted to avoid. They were now outside and heading for the ambulance. She winced when she put too much weight on the injured leg and went back to hopping.
"You were just pushed down a flight of stairs. You're lucky you weren't killed JJ" Derek said and then helped her sit on the gurney that had been wheeled over to her.
The sound of Derek's cell ringing ended that 'argument'. He answered with the regular 'Yeah Hotch?' and walked a few steps away to give them space while they loaded JJ into the back of the ambulance.
"You mind if I ride along?" Reid asked the paramedic
"Not at all, hop in" the woman answered, so he did just that.
Before the doors shut, Morgan returned from the phone call, "I'll be following you guys. Sheriff is taking the UnSub back to the station"
JJ pushed herself up so she was resting on her elbows "Derek that's not necessary. Spence is already coming" She didn't need them making a big deal out of this. It's not like she was shot or on deathbed.
"Hotch will meet us at the hospital" he added, ignoring what she just said
"Great" she croaked and then laid back until her head touched the mattress, hearing the engine start and doors slam.
Now on the jet home to Virginia, JJ was given the couch to lie down on. She had taken some pain medication to help deal with the headache before she awkwardly tackled the steps of the jet with her crutches. She wondered how Reid managed these contraptions for months because after having them for only an hour she hated them. She had to get a tetanus shot for the nail, and some stitches on her forehead, elbow, thigh and her palm…the other injuries she had sustained were a couple bruised ribs, scraped and bruised hip and shoulder, and a black eye. And finally, to make things even more ridiculous and unnecessary, JJ had to be wheeled out of the hospital in a wheel chair by Morgan while Spencer carried her crutches.
All was quiet in the jet's cabin. Rossi and Blake were quietly chatting away at the table, Hotch had already started on his paperwork, Morgan was listening to music as usual, and Reid had just sat down at the end of the couch.
Neither of them said anything for a while, but she could tell he wanted to. She also had an inkling what he was going to say so she started first, breaking the silence "Spence, I'm fine. It's not your fault this happened." she told him softly, giving him a warm smile.
He turned to look at her and gave her a halfhearted smile, not truly believing her words, then cast his eyes to where the nail had been sticking out. He frowned slightly "I should've gone with you" was all he said, his eyes looking sad.
JJ pushed herself up so she could get closer to Reid, holding back the wince, and placed her hand on top of his. She saw him look at their joined hands and then met her eyes "I'm okay. You were just doing your job…if anyone's to blame, it's me" she told him. The smile she gave him made him do that cute scrunched up smile that made him look like a little kid…sort of like Henry did when she caught him in a lie and he tried to keep a straight face.
He nodded "I would've offered you a lift home if I drove to work" he joked, making her laugh and then got up and returned to his original seat.
Hotch had insisted JJ went home the minute they arrived back at the BAU. Morgan offered to drive her home which she gladly accepted, not wanting to wake Will who was battling a cold at the moment and drag him out of bed.
"You sure you don't need a hand?" he asked with a unsure look on his face. The blonde had her go-bag slung over her shoulder and had just managed to shut the door of his SUV without falling over. She had the door open before he had time to cut the engine and help her out.
"I'm good, thanks for the lift" she said through the open window
"Anytime Blondie" he smirked
"Night" she said and then turned and hobbled up the driveway. She didn't want an audience when she tackled the task of unlocking her front door so she looked back and waved, hinting that she'll be fine and that he should head on home.
After 5 minutes or so, she finally had the front door locked up and her go-bag left by the door. The hall light was still on, but the rest of the house was left in darkness. Her hands and under her arms were sore from leaning on the crutches, her head felt heavy, her muscles exhausted and just wanted to sleep for the next few days. She made her way to their bedroom, silently thanking that the hall floor was carpet and not wood…otherwise she would've been heard clicking with every step she took with the crutches.
JJ pushed the bedroom over and snuck in, careful not to wake a sleeping Will. Her make-up had already been removed at the hospital so all she had to do was change clothes. She waited a moment to let her eyes adjust before putting her crutches against the wall and then tried out her injured leg. It hurt was an understatement. Not only did she have the stitches on her thigh, but also her knee felt like someone took an aluminium bat to it. All that could be heard was the soft slow breathing of Will
She pulled off her top and bra and picked up one of Will's t-shirts. Now the pants…opening the button of her jeans, she carefully slid them down to the back of her thighs. She was midway freeing one of her legs when Will suddenly let out a loud sneeze, giving her a fright and knocking her off balance. She tried to ground the trapped foot but it was caught up in her pants so she had no choice but to fall back on the bed, which scared Will.
"What the?…" his voice hoarse and heavy with sleep. He turned his bedside lamp on and discovered a battered and bruised JJ sitting at the bottom of the bed.
"Sorry" she whispered with an apologetic smile. His hair was all over the place, his nose red from all the tissues, and had bags under his eyes.
"What happened to you?" he asked after noticing the few scrapes and bruises, the bags under her eyes, as well as the small bandage on her face. "You look…tired" She removed the pants and gently got into bed beside him. Before she could pull the duvet over her, Will saw the bandage on her leg "What the hell happened on that case?" this time serious. It wasn't the first time his wife returned home with a few bumps and bruises, but this was new
"I fell on a nail" she told him sleepily, not wanting to get into it at this time. Technically it was true, she had fallen, or rolled onto a nail.
Will, too tired to ask about it more, turned the light off and cuddled up beside JJ. He sniffled and had to turn away from her to cough before resuming his position beside her "I don't wanna sound cocky, but I think we have a good chance at winnin''most attractive couple' right about now" he joked at both of their expense, making her laugh and then soon both fell into a deep sleep.
Hope you like it :) Thanks for reading!Not the right job for you?
Mathematics & Chemistry:
- Year 11 Chemistry
- Year 11 General Mathematics
- Year 9 and 10 Science
- Year 9 and 10 Mathematics
- Full-time, fixed term role
- Commencing 2018 for term 1 and 2
About the School:
- A focus on innovative learning
- A strong emphasis on student success including academics and individual pursuits
- A commitment to Catholic ethos
- Strong pastoral care programs Nesrene, quoting job reference #WEB1710-522520NB – nbarakat@smartteachers.com.au
- If you are currently overseas, email your CV to Monet quoting job reference #WEB1710-522520EDUC2420
Teaching Indigenous Australian Students
EDUC2420 is rated by StudentVIP members:
60.00%
40 StudentVIP members in EDUC2420
2 textbooks listed
1 tutor available
142 tutor searches
2 subject ratings
You can add EDUC2420 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Interesting content but badly organised/minimal feedback/late return of assignments.Anonymous, Semester 2, 2016
Easy, get a great map app for Flinders, including locations for classes in EDUC2420.Get Lost On Campus
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
1 tutor available for tutoring EDUC2420
Become a tutor for EDUC2420
142 tutor searches for EDUC2420!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.because there’s no place to stay:.”
And even the college students aren’t immune:
Student homelessness in North Dakota increased 212 percent last year, according to the U.S. Department of Education.
And there are so many people moving to western North Dakota that they are sending them back where they came from:
The Salvation Army in Williston is now buying one-way bus tickets for people to go back home.
You know it’s bad when North Dakota rejects you…
Categories: Bad News Everyone!, Depression, Hmm, Unemployment14 Ratings
Domaine la Bouissiere Gigondas
Wine Details
Vineyard
Varietal
Wine Description
(2011 Vintage) Deeply pitched aromas of cherry and cassis, with licorice and Indian spice accents. Showing pretty serious concentration for the vintage, with bitter cherry and dark berry flavors and an enlivening spiciness. Finishes focused and long, with strong thrust and lingering spiciness.“Science and art belong to the whole world, and before them vanish the barriers of nationality.” – Goethe
Today is officially the first day of Winter in the Southern Hemisphere, as it marks the Winter Solstice, when the sun has reached its Northernmost point in the sky at noon, and hence we see the shortest day and the longest night of the year. The sun rose at 7:35 am and set at 5:08 pm today, a short day of just over nine hours. The days will begin to get progressively longer from tomorrow and the nights shorter. The day was cool, but not excessively cold and we did have some showers now and then – no rain, however!
We went to the Ian Potter Gallery today, and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Rather than try and look at all of the exhibits, we chose to simply concentrate on a couple of wings of the gallery only and these were the special exhibitions area and the Indigenous Art exhibit hall. The latter is a gallery filled with mostly Aboriginal art works: Paintings on bark and on canvas, sculptures, some basketwork and a few drawings. The variety of works was quite extensive and one could happily spend several hours looking at all of these treasures.
However, we moved on to the special exhibitions area where a John Brack (1920-1999) retrospective exhibition is currently being held (24/4/09-9/8/09). This is the first John Brack retrospective to be held in more than twenty years and surveys the artist’s complete work, including drawing, painting and all of his major series. The gallery is showcasing its latest Brack acquisition, “The Bar” (1954) bought for $3.2 million (see illustration).
“The Bar” was Brack’s largest oil painting at the time he painted it. Considered radical for its time, “The Bar” presents a stark view of life in Melbourne suburbia, the infamous ‘six o’clock swill’ as patrons hurry to finish their drinks before early closing time. It is also an ironic parody of Edouard Manet’s important 1881 work, “A Bar at the Folies-Bergère”. Brack’s “Collins St., 5p.m.” was completed a year later in 1955 and purchased by the NGV in 1956. Like “The Bar”, “Collins St., 5 p.m.” exemplifies the style for which Brack is renowned.
The exhibition was well worth seeing and the iconic nature of many of these paintings bring to mind some pages of Australian history, values, personalities and the Australian psyche..
Heya nick.
I am so happy and relieved to see you here on blogger. Friends unite again. Many hugs and I am glad we are on the same blogging platform
have been wondering what the Brack exhibition was like. might check it out...The tourism potential of rural areas represents a source of opportunities for entrepreneurship that can enhance regional development. The impact of tourism is, however, complex, representing a combination of benefits and costs. Despite the necessity to evaluate and understand in depth the relationship between tourism, community life and regional development from a local perspective, many studies adopt a descriptive approach, focusing mainly on the perception and attitudes of local residents. Adopting a qualitative methodology, this article makes a comparative analysis of two rural communities in the south of France. Although the geographic distance between the two villages is only 12 km, the communities present unlike profiles in terms of attractions, entrepreneurial activities, community and regional development. The article provides a twofold contribution to the existing literature: first, it enriches the methodological perspective using an interpretative framework based on the specific functions of rural territories; and second, it applies this framework to explain the specific evolution of the investigated villages, as well as the existing tensions and challenges for regional development and management.
- tourism,
- regional development,
- entrepreneurship,
- France
Available at:What makes the ideal vacation for you? We all have our own particular travel style.
You may like to delve into history, tracing ancient paths to incredible archaeology and architecture.You might prefer to embrace modern day culture, experiencing the way people live all around the world. You might do this by feasting on the local cuisine and beverages!You might wish to escape to the jungles and savannas where you can immerse yourself in wildlife, or explore mighty landscapes with exciting flora and fauna.You may simply prefer to unwind and relax on beaches and with spa treatments.
So what if you don’t have a particular place in mind? Our travel experts recommend our top experiences and suggestions across our 38 destinations based on your personal interests. Get exploring!How To Install the BIND DNS Server on CentOS 6
Preamble
This article will show you how to setup and configure the BIND DNS Server. If you are looking for a guide on how to use DigitalOcean's integrated DNS service, you may want to review the "How to Set Up a Host Name with DigitalOcean" article instead.
Before we begin, it is recommended you have at least two cloud servers to run your nameservers. Two nameservers are suggested to assure your primary and secondary servers are redundant in case of failure. You may want to consider using two different POP's as well. For example, we've used San Francisco 1 and New York 1. For the purpose of this guide, it will be assumed you are configuring both a primary and secondary name server.
It is worth noting that if you are managing a large number of domains this may not be the most viable solution, as you will need to manually add domains on both the master and slave nameservers. With that said, running your own nameservers is a great way to have more direct control over your hosting infrastructure, and assert full control over your DNS records.
As with any new server, it's always important to ensure your system is up to date. You can verify this by checking for updates using yum as follows:
yum update -y
(Note: In DigitalOcean, we call our cloud servers as "droplets". We will use both terms throughout this tutorial)
Initial BIND Installation
To begin, we will need to install the BIND and BIND Utilities packages using yum.
yum install bind bind-utils -y
Next, we'll open the BIND (named) configuration file and make several modifications.
nano -w /etc/named.conf
Your "options" section should appear as follows, replacing 2.2.2.2 with the IP of your second droplet.; }; allow-transfer { localhost; 2.2.2.2; }; recursion no; dnssec-enable yes; dnssec-validation yes; dnssec-lookaside auto; /* Path to ISC DLV key */ bindkeys-file "/etc/named.iscdlv.key"; managed-keys-directory "/var/named/dynamic"; };
Above, listen-on must be commented to listen on all available interfaces. Recursion should be turned off to prevent your server from being abused in "reflection" DDoS attacks. The allow-transfer directive whitelists transfers to your secondary droplet's IP. Furthermore, we have changed the allow-query directive to "any" in order to allow users proper access to hosted zones.
Next, we'll want to add a new zone for our first domain, you should add the following to your named.conf below the existing zones.
zone "mydomain.com" IN { type master; file "mydomain.com.zone"; allow-update { none; }; };
After saving named.conf with the changes above, we're ready to create our first zone file.
Configure BIND Zones
Firstly, we'll need to open the zone file, using the name you specified in the configuration above. (Ex: mydomain.com.zone)
nano -w /var/named/mydomain.com.zone
We'll add the following contents to our newly created file. You should replace the applicable information with your own, where 1.1.1.1 is the IP of your first droplet, 2.2.2.2 is the IP of your second droplet and 3.3.3.3 is the IP you wish to point the domain itself to, such as a droplet running a webserver. You are free to add additional entries in the same format.
$TTL 86400 @ IN SOA ns1.mydomain.com. root.mydomain.com. ( 2013042201 ;Serial 3600 ;Refresh 1800 ;Retry 604800 ;Expire 86400 ;Minimum TTL ) ; Specify our two nameservers IN NS ns1.mydomain.com. IN NS ns2.mydomain.com. ; Resolve nameserver hostnames to IP, replace with your two droplet IP addresses. ns1 IN A 1.1.1.1 ns2 IN A 2.2.2.2 ; Define hostname -> IP pairs which you wish to resolve @ IN A 3.3.3.3 www IN A 3.3.3.3
We can now start named for the first time. This may take several minutes while named generates the rndc.key file, which only occurs on first execution.
service named restart
Once named has started successfully, we'll want to ensure that it is enabled as a startup service, by running the following:
chkconfig named on
By now, we should have a fully operational primary nameserver. You can verify that BIND is working correctly by running the following command, replacing 1.1.1.1 with the IP of your first droplet.
dig @1.1.1.1 mydomain.com
If you recieve a response which includes an answer and authority section, your nameserver has been configured correctly.
Slave Nameserver Configuration
With our primary nameserver configured, we'll now setup a slave nameserver on our second cloud server.
As always, please assure your system is up to date by checking for updates with yum as follows:
yum update -y
We can start by installing BIND (and related utilities) on the second droplet, in the same manner as the first:
yum install bind bind-utils -y
We'll proceed by opening named.conf and making the same changes we made previously, ommitting the "allow transfer" line. This directive is unnecessary as we will only be transfering records from our primary name server.
nano -w ; }; recursion no; dnssec-enable yes; dnssec-validation yes; dnssec-lookaside auto; /* Path to ISC DLV key */ bindkeys-file "/etc/named.iscdlv.key"; managed-keys-directory "/var/named/dynamic"; };
We will add the zone we configured on the first droplet, this time changing the "type" directive to slave, instead of master. You should replace "1.1.1.1" with your first droplet's IP address.
zone "mydomain.com" IN { type slave; masters { 1.1.1.1; }; file "mydomain.com.zone"; };
After configuring our slave zone, we'll start named. Again this may take several minutes while our rndc.key file is initially generated.
service named start
As with the first cloud server, we want to assure named is set to run at startup with the following:
chkconfig named on
Your slave nameserver should now be up and running. You can verify that it is fully operational by using dig again, replacing 2.2.2.2 with the IP of your second droplet.
dig @2.2.2.2 mydomain.com
After any changes you make to the master zone files, you will need to instruct BIND to reload. Remember, you must also increment the "serial" directive to ensure synchronicity between the master and slave.
To reload the zone files, we need to run the following command on the master nameserver, followed by the slave:
rndc reload
BIND in a chroot environment
It is generally advised to install the additional package "bind-chroot" which will drop the privileges of BIND into a chroot environment.
Luckily, the CentOS package makes this extremely simple. The only aspect worth noting is that active paths for BIND will change to their chrooted equivalents, for example /var/named becomes /var/named/chroot/var/named With CentOS 6, you will not need to move any files as the package automatically creates hard symlinks to the non-chrooted directories.
If you'd like to enable this feature for the added security which it provides, you can do the following:
yum install bind-chroot -y service named restart
42 CommentsABBYY FineReader 7.0 was a pretty good OCR (optical character recognition) product that garnered respectable reviews in 2003. The latest version, FineReader 8.0 Professional, takes something good and makes it even better.
FineReader takes images from a variety of sources, including PDF and - new for this release - digicams, and turns them into editable text. The new version offers nothing dramatically different from its predecessor apart from some decent tweaks - it's faster and more accurate, and offers better PDF support. Features-wise, it bears close comparison with its high-end rival OmniPage Pro, including such features as batch processing. Their interfaces are also similar.
Any decent OCR tool can handle good-quality scans with aplomb. The true test of its mettle is how well it copes with poorer sources such as multi-generation photocopies and noisy faxes. We threw a range of low-grade images at FineReader and the misrecognition rate was very low indeed.
Its ability to handle badly skewed sources was remarkable. For example, it correctly recognised the words ‘hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal' on one finely printed, weak fax, even though they weren't in the dictionary.
Also included in the box is a utility that extracts text and images from screen grabs and copies them to the Clipboard or a range of other destinations. But if you just want to copy text from the screen the results are much the same.
FineReader: Specs
- 500MHz Pentium III processor
- Windows 2000/XP/Server 2000/Server 2003
- 128MB RAM
- 350MB hard drive space
- 500MHz Pentium III processor
- Windows 2000/XP/Server 2000/Server 2003
- 128MB RAM
- 350MB hard drive space
SHOULD I BUY FINEREADER?
FineReader 8.0 Pro is the best OCR software we've seen - it offers ease of use, very good recognition scores and a wallet-friendly price. Watch out OmniPage Pro.Check this article:
3 Methods of Indicators Acceleration by the Example of the Linear Regression
- 2011.08.04
- Andrew
-
The.
This is part of the code I downloaded from MT5 indicator code base. Link is here.
I understand linear regression from this wiki page. If pos = 1 and period = 14, how the Res is calculated? Which formula does the LRMA() use?
Can you explain the above code? My challenge is to understand the mathematical foundation of the above code.
Thanks!Posted by Bob Brunskill
The UAE is set to host the year's most anticipated networking and exhibition event for the energy industry, its organisers have claimed.
According to dmg :: events, the upcoming Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC) is expected to generate more than AED4 billion in industry deals this year.
Taking place from November 1st-4th at the Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre, the event will bring together over 40,000 regional and international professionals, including 1,600 exhibitors from 59 countries.
In addition, dmg :: events stated that exhibitors have been particularly quick to fight for prominent placement this year, with the event totally selling out eight months in advance.
The company revealed that a survey of 1,300 local and international respondents - a majority of whom are key decision makers overseeing average mean budgets of more than $2 million - revealed that 95 per cent return for each ADIPEC event due to its high value to their companies. 'must attend' event on the global oil and gas industry calendar."
In its ongoing masterplan to continuously improve Sunway Resort City gastronomic selections, the iconic tourist destination which attracts 40 million visitations annually, has been re-shaping concept restaurants and establishing new dining establishments since last year to cater to ever-changing tastes and palates.
As a result, the popular Soju opened its doors in 2013 amidst great anticipation, upgrading plans were currently underway to refresh Borneo Rain Forest and New Orleans, both located within the resort city.
In the latest development, Sunway Resort City announced and unveiled its latest addition to the resort’s food & beverage offerings with the upcoming opening of Grand Imperial Group’s first ever signature restaurant.
Famed Chinese fine-dining group, the Grand Imperial outlet would occupy 20,000 square feet of the 30,000 square feet three storey building located between Sunway Resort Hotel & Spa and Sunway Pinnacle, the newest Grade-A office tower development in Sunway Resort City.
Dato’ Ngeow Voon Yean, Managing Director, Property Investment Division, Sunway Group signed the Memorandum of Agreement with Founding Chef and Owner of Grand Imperial Group, Rand Cheung Wing Shing today at Menara Sunway and unveiled the plans for the establishment.
The venture was part of Sunway Resort City’s ongoing masterplan to continuously improve its gastronomic selections to cater to rising international visitors whom tastes and palates are becoming increasingly global.
Dato’ Ngeow Voon Yean, Managing Director, Property Investment Division, Sunway Group, said that the newest addition to Sunway Resort City will amplify the city’s extensive offerings to the tourists from around the world.
“Besides strengthening our Sunway Resort City’s food tourism offerings, the opening of the establishment will augment our positioning as one of the best MICE destinations in the country,” he said.
The outlet will be Grand Imperial Group’s sixth outlet in Malaysia and its largest yet with a banquet facility serving delectable dim sums to impeccable signature cuisines.
The signature outlet would feature luxurious settings and similar interior design inspired from the Grand Imperial London outlet located along Buckingham Palace Road.
Patrons could look forward to savour the London outlet Roast Duck and Lobster Noodle which is currently not available in Malaysia yet. To ensure authenticity, ducks would be specially air flown and cooked to perfection by their resident London outlet Hong Kong chef.
Hong Kong Chef and Owner of the Grand Imperial Group, Rand Cheung Wing Shing said that the iconic restaurant will be able to leverage on Sunway Resort City’s existing over seven million square feet of facilities to achieve success for the development.
“We are selective with our working partners but with Sunway Group it is an easy decision given the standing of Sunway Resort City as an international tourist destination. This fits in well with our positioning,” he said.
The iconic restaurant will be the latest addition to the extensive 165 F&B outlets already existing in Sunway Resort City. In addition to the annual 40 million visitations, Sunway Resort City also has a catchment of 500,000 and is strategically located in the heart of Klang Valley.
Sunway Pinnacle is Sunway Group’s newest eco-friendly, Grade A development in Sunway Resort City, a 27-storey Grade A office building with confirmed MNC tenants such as Pepsi Cola, Huntsman, Ecolab and Hitachi.THE recent thunderstorms across our region have provided a great subject for our local photographers, shown by today's Photo of the Day.
Peter Marychurch took this stunning photo from Tuncester as Saturday afternoon's storm approached.
With it, he took 47% of the vote in yesterday's poll.
Photo of the Day celebrates the natural beauty of the Northern Rivers and the talent of the region's photographers.
As well as appearing in our print edition, it is used as the cover image on our Facebook page and forms part of an expanding gallery here on our website.
To submit an image for Photo of the Day, simply share it to our Facebook page
Take a look at the submissions for tomorrow's Photo of the Day and cast your vote below:
Photo Gallery Poll
Help us choose the Photo of the Day for January 30
 supply a meal that’s overpriced but nevertheless goes for reduced in different resorts and tastes better there. To avoid meeting this experience, make sure you study well and ask about.
Service.
Nothing beats excellent services at a restaurant. They will have clients coming around.
Hygiene.
On the most ignorant of this list, you should factor in sanitation as among those things to check.
Aesthetics.
When we talk about the aesthetics, we are referring to the ambiance. At times the restaurant possibly termed as beautiful but its d?cor doesn’t appeal to you. It is good to decide on a restaurant which has the air you like.On Wed, 2004-05-26 at 06:01, paul.bridger wrote: >? Boost.Python handles arguments and returns of std::string by converting them to and from Python built-in strings rather than wrapping the std::string interface. So, how you handle this situation will depend on your requirements for your class in Python. HTH, Jonathan BrandmeyerFolk Road Show Canada Tour Dates 2015
I travelled around Europe last fall playing music in every street corner, living room or folk club that would welcome us with a group of international songwriters that I can gladly call my brothers: Benjamin James Caldwell (Australia/NZ), Pieter Van Vliet (the Netherlands) and Olaf Caarls (the Netherlands).
We’re doing all of Western Canada at them moment with a very minimal splash of Ontario (Kenora). Here is our tour poster with all the dates.,651 Found Reports For more specific results for "jeremy jeff68
Jan 13 2018
07:48 PM
07:48 PM
3, Report #1420351
Jan 01 2018
07:23 PM
07:23 PM
4, Report #1420255
Dec 31 2017
07:20 PM
07:20 PM
5, Report #1418413
Dec 21 2017
10:39 AM
10:39 AM
6, Report #1417490
Dec 17 2017
11:12 AM
11:12 AM
7, Report #1417338
Dec 16 2017
10:30 AM
10:30 AM
Author: las vegas, Nevada
8, Report #1417030
Dec 14 2017
06:24 PM
06:24 PM
Author: Michigan
9, Report #1415563
Dec 07 2017
10:50 AM
10:50 AM
10, Report #1415223
Dec 05 2017
04:25 PM
04:25 PM
11, Report #1413961
Nov 28 2017
06:17 PM
06:17 PM
12, Report #1412975
Nov 21 2017
07:47 PM
07:47 PM
Author: Fayetteville, North Carolina
13,
14, Report #1411935
Nov 14 2017
08:05 PM
08:05 PM
Author: Jefferson City, Missouri
15, Report #1239975
Nov 13 2017
02:00 PM
02:00 PM
16, Report #1411425
Nov 11 2017
07:41 PM
07:41 PM
17, Report #1411404
Nov 11 2017
12:37 PM
12:37 PM
Author: Montreal, Quebec
18, Report #1411396
Nov 11 2017
10:37 AM
10:37 AM
19, Report #1410584
Nov 06 2017
10:11 AM
10:11 AM
Author: Jefferson, New York
20, Report #1410557
Nov 06 2017
07:01 AM
07:01 AM
Author: rockford, Illinois
21, Report #1410231
Nov 03 2017
02:38 PM
02:38 PM
22, Report #1408534
Oct 25 2017
12:37 PM
12:37 PM
Author: Topeka, Kansas
23, Report #1408304
Oct 24 2017
01:59 PM
01:59 PM
24,
25, Report #1157357
Oct 20 2017
05:40 PM
05:40 PM
Author: Tulsa, Oklahoma
Legend
Ripoff Report Recommends
ZipBooks Accounting Software
ZipBooks Accounting Software
Advertisers above have met our
strict standards for business conduct.Anything that Edgar Wright touches is destined to turn to fanboy gold. From Spaced to Shaun of the Dead to Hot Fuzz, his output has always managed to strike a chord with the most discerning of all contingents.
With the release of Scott Pilgrim Vs The World, Wright's success didn't just continue, it managed to increase. The genre-defying epic of epic epicness became an international fan favourite, especially with those who possess superior design skills.
As displayed in these alternative posters, the film's life as a cult classic has only just begun.
You can find the artists at the bottom.
(Images: All Star, Lloyd Stas, Martin Ansin, Blake Jones, Jon Glanville, Mark Welser, Kevin Tong, Adam Lowe, Dann Matthews and Yzabelle Wuthrich)I want to block some sites in my office sites such as facebook and also downloading from anysites
Don't let them anywhere near a PC then, or disconnect there internet connection. I can't see any other way to stop them downloading. is quicker than waiting for an answer....
Googling is quicker than waiting for an answer....
windows>system32>driver>etc>host file open in notepadat the bottom edit in new line127.0.0.1
127.0.0.1
Blocking downloads is a bit more difficult than just blocking specific websites. You may need to install parental control software ( for example ) on each computer.
To block websites, I believe the simplest way is to block certain domains in your router.However, blocking downloading is not so easy. You need a network web filtering program which supports web content-type filtering. Programs you can try:WFilteruntanglewebsenseNow there have been people
a guitarist who wanted to make black and white people sing together.
black and white hands holding
That nagging sense of collective embarrassment (C.E.) some of us brownlack
Black and white
Black and White Together.
stock photo : Black and white cutout paper people standing in line together.
some black people see white people as the "bad people".
texas-black-white-pastor-522.jpg In 2003, Tim Ahlen took a trip that changed
Use the same mal and draw white trees on black paper to make a simple
Black and White Men Together In Fort Lauderdale
"A LOT OF INJUSTICE is being done to the black race, white race, green race,
I normally then ask people if it is okay for black people to become doctors,
Politics Break: White People Who Sing Like Black People
Black and white image of Gordon Briscoe taken during the 1960s.
Black people read just as much from the library as white people; not enough.
Young Life Flyer 001 (black and white)
More than 300 people, black and white, were arrested in 1961 for traveling
Boeing Aircraft 1977 Ads - Getting People Together- Set of Two
Bizarre Commerical Of The Week: Black & White People Love Furniture At TheThe 2,000 Watt Molequartz® 8" Junior Solarspot® with circular channel construction for added strength and more efficient airflow,-light or kicker. Equipped with Safety Screen.TORONTO (Reuters) - U.S. retailers looking north in their quest for growth should consider the frosty reception Canada has so far given trendy discounter Target Corp a cautionary tale: what looks like a simple border crossing can easily go wrong.
On the surface, Canada seems a good bet for retailers tiptoeing outside the United States, with Nordstrom and Saks among those now lined up to test the market. But winning over Canadians is no cake walk, and name recognition alone won’t do the trick.
“The bottom line has to be the price,” said Peter Tong, a 38-year-old transit system designer who spends many lunch hours browsing at the Eaton Center mall in downtown Toronto, where a good number of U.S.-based retailers are located.
The Black Friday sales there were “hyped up,” he said. At the JCrew store, a C$260 ($240) cashmere sweater is 30 percent off, but a quick check on Tong’s iPhone shows it sells for $200 at JCrew in the United States, with the same discount. “Why are we paying C$60 - and 13 percent taxes - on top?”
Retailers underestimate the importance of pricing in Canada at their peril, and Target’s experiences are a case in point..
Admitting it has had problems in its first international expansion, Target last month cut its full-year profit forecast, due largely to lower-than-expected sales in Canada.
“Target had one thing that they had to accomplish...make the first shopping experience for every Canadian a positive one, and unfortunately, they failed at that,” said James Smerdon, vice president and director of retail consulting at Colliers International Consulting.
The allure of Canada for U.S. retailers is that it is a market with fewer shopping centers than in the United States, less intense competition and relatively high sales volume.
The Eaton Center and the Yorkdale Shopping Center, both in Toronto, for instance, boast North American-leading sales of around C$1,300 per square foot.
“Part of the strength of U.S. retailers that are coming to Canada is that there is brand recognition,” said Yorkdale general manager Anthony Casalanguida. “There exists that pent-up demand because of the fact that Canadian shoppers know what these retailers are all about.”
Yorkdale is already home to such high-end retailers as Louis Vuitton and Tiffany & Co, and Casalanguida advises new arrivals to consider their pricing carefully because Canadians are keen comparison shoppers.
He said many U.S. retailers at the mall, including Ann Taylor and White House/Black Market, are matching U.S. prices. That may cut into margins, but it stokes sales.
An estimated three-quarters of Canadians live just 160 kilometers (100 miles) from the U.S. border. Cross-border shopping and new relaxed duty-free rules create brand familiarity and high expectations.
The next wave of U.S. newcomers will be led by luxury retailer Nordstrom Inc, whose Canadian president, Karen McKibbin, acknowledges some prices will have to be higher in Canada due to taxes and duties. She says Nordstrom will try to minimize such cases and won’t be a “Nordstrom-lite” that will disappoint shoppers.
Nordstrom will open the first of five Canadian stores next year, and may open 15 to 20 lower-cost Rack outlets.
It will have company in upscale chain Saks Fifth Avenue, which was bought by Canada’s oldest retailer, Hudson’s Bay Co, this summer for $2.9 billion. Up to seven full-line Canadian Saks stores and two dozen Off 5th outlets are planned.
Target still expects its Canadian operations to bring in 10 percent of its profits by 2017. What it didn’t expect was the rocky start. Experts say it wanted too much, too quickly, from Canada, while underestimating domestic competition.
“If they (Target) had set the bar lower, then we would not be having this conversation,” said Wells Fargo analyst Matt Nemer.
($1=$1.065 Canadian)
Editing by Peter GallowayAfter a delayed start of almost twenty minutes due to the concert in the Marquee the race finally got under way. This was not the fault of the organisers as there was no concert scheduled when the race was planned. It was awkward in that people were warmed up for eight and then had to wait around.
Sheila Buckley 3rd overall
Margaret and Helen 1st and 2nd O/45
Anyway lots of our members had fine runs and some had superb ones, Mick Murphy had a great run of 19.04 getting a PB and almost cracking that elusive 19min barrier no doubt he will get it the next time but any night you get a PB is a good one. Fionan OhAodain also had a fine run and got a new PB too. Francis Maunsell, Derek Aherne also had fine runs as had most of our male runners.
It came to the ladies to get the prizes and Sheila Buckley was our first lady home and came 3rd overall. It is wonderful to see Sheila coming back to near her best. Margaret Jones had a cracker of a run coming 1st O/45 and getting a new PB into the bargain .She was closely followed by Helen Gilroy who took 2nd O/45. Sheila and Margaret also got 1st team Grade A with Tri n Run whilst Helen was on the Tri n Run B team who got 2nd Grade A.
Our other ladies had fine runs also but the run of the night must go to Rayleen Dolphin who knocked over a minute and a half (90 secs) off her PB which just shows her dedication and hard work at training is starting to really pay off. It was great to see Catherine Carroll back in action with a fine run after the birth of her beautiful baby girl.Full results should be on the Cork BHAA website.
Share your knowledge in Computer. here you can ask and we will answer your question
technology, answer, : Help to Resolve Desktop, Laptop, Mobile Devices, Network, Servers problems
forums, resolve, desktop, laptop, mobile, devices, network, servers, problems, password, reset, factory, troubleshoot
Visit us to learn online earning, Blogging, To get or build your website&applications, Computer&IT, Tips&Tricks and many more
blogging, adsense, youtube, free, internet, earning, start, business, work, make, website, methods, making, applications, education, urdu, news, paper, useful, stuff
Bonjour & Bienvenue to Cybercafé! Hello and welcome to Internet Cafe! Please come in, order up a cup of cafe, tea, or your favorite beverage and a choice of pastry.
chat, cafe, reading, movies, #computer, help, friends, tips, coding, phpbb
Geeks Geeks and More Geeks providing computer, internet, photography help and tutorials. Locate and remove many new dangerous files including viruses, worms and more.
tutorials, geeks, #computer, help, internet, photography, digital, discussion, geeksmore, security, gg&mg, more, graphics, virues, worms
This forum serves as communication support the DF Webport website.
free, dfx2, #computer, game, budget, mature, adult, joint, advanced, warfare, technical, help technologies here: ( Robotics, electronics, progamming, . . . ) with LATA
robot, intelligent, system, human, #computer, inter, mechatronics, electronics, robotics, java, technology, programming, lata, zaatri, renewable, energy
Share and discuss all about computer software and hardware.
giveaway, blog!!, forum, share, discuss, about, #computer, software, hardware
A Planet Filled With Fun! Club Penguin Planet, Club Penguin, Forum, Cheats, Tutorials, Glitches, Bugs, Coins, Discussion, Games, Contests, Fun.
club, penguin, forum, cheats, glitches, coins, planet, games, #computer, contests, free, topic, forums, board, boards, forumotion, membership, money, maker
Where freedom of speech meets computer security!
free, ssj100, sandboxie, #computer, security, shadow, defender, surun, windows, news, forums, applocker, comodo, drive, snapshot
This site is for sharing knowledge in computer business management, repair, tweaks, tips etc. etc.
pisonet/cafe, site, sharing, knowledge, business, management, repair, tweaks, tips about computers!
technoworld, technology, computers, hardware, software, builds, guide, news, tablets, smartphones, gaming, games, #computer, hosting, servers, cpucooler, moth
Listen to de sweet talk of ah true Trini
mafia, wars, trini, food, sports, culture, games, talk, GC - Sunderland Games Club
sunderland, games, club, roleplaying, wargaming, #computer, collectible, card, board, ccg's, rpg's, society, s.t.a.r.s, university
Free Computer Education Course By Standup Youths
education, portal, standup, youths, freeGreat article from a repeat Fellow - Ashley Ahearn, who is a multimedia journalist based at Seattle's KUOW public radio. She shared with us her piece on a controversial, and possibly precedent-setting, proposed land deal in Port Gamble, on the Kitsap Peninsula. Ashley was on our Puget Sound Institute this past summer, during which we visited Port Gamble and met with a number of the parties involved in this story. Fascinating topic, fantastic article!I recently came across “10 guideposts for wholehearted living” in the book Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead by Dr. Brené Brown. Brown researches connection and has found that the people who have the courage to be imperfect end up with love, connection and belonging in their lives as the result of being authentic. She goes into depth about each of the guideposts in her book..”
So much easier said than done but a worthy quest!That's right, the star of such hits as Jurassic Park and The Fly is a father
And the baby was born on Independence Day no less!
Via pointofgeeks.com
Independence Day: also a movie he was in
Here's the first pic of the happy family. Congrats to all!
And congrats to all of us for living in a world where Jeff Goldblum is the DILF he was born to be
Michael Loccisano / WireImage / Via huffingtonpost.com
This post was created by a member of BuzzFeed Community, where anyone can post awesome lists and creations. Learn more or post your buzz!Just when I thought Sony was done announcing major releases for the PlayStation 3, here comes a sequel to one of their tentpole titles. Gran Turismo 6 for the PlayStation 3 was confirmed for the a holiday 2013 release.
Now that’s not the end of it. Polyphony Digital have already mentioned they have the PlayStation 4 version of the game “in mind“. And with that tacit confirmation, I will be skipping the PlayStation 3 version.
Even if the PlayStation 4 version is nothing more than a cleaned up version of the PlayStation 3 release, I’d be more than okay with it.
But enough about the game’s platforms and release dates, what of the game itself?
It looks fine but all they showed was the racing itself which was fine in Gran Turismo 5 as well. It was everything else surrounding Gran Turismo 5 that was lacking. They claimed an improved interface but that’s one of those “I’ll believe it when I see it” situations.Feb’s candidates for more invasive methods of treatment and are limited in care options. Patients with TAAA who enroll in this trial may be able to help advance the science behind treating aortic disorders.”
The clinical study is part of Sanford’s Advanced Aortic Program, which provides diagnosis, second opinions, and noninvasive treatments for peripheral vascular disease. Dr. Kelly is medical director of Sanford Vascular Services, Sanford Wound Clinic, and the Sanford Advanced Aortic Program in the Sioux Falls region. He is a board-certified and fellowship-trained vascular and general surgeon. Additionally, Dr. Kelly holds numerous patents and patent applications for medical devices and has served as a principal investigator for several clinical trials.Buccaneers safety Ahmad Black has found his way into the rotation of players seeing time in the Tampa secondary this season, but he’s also found his way into the bad graces of law enforcement.
Stephen Holder of the Tampa Bay Times reports that Black was cited for marijuana possession by Hillsborough County police last week. According to court records, Black was charged with possessing less than 20 grams of marijuana. That’s a first-degree misdemeanor and Black, who was not arrested, is scheduled to be arraigned in early December.
Black was selected in the fifth round of the 2011 draft and spent most of his rookie season on the Tampa practice squad. He played in four games, making five tackles, and has moved into a larger role this season. Black’s played in all eight Bucs games and started once, recording two interceptions and 10 tackles.
Black could be punished under the league’s personal conduct policy as the result of the citation.The article (not available online until Sept. 1) showcased the power of Netflix to connect unknown movies to actual movie theaters and explores the possibility that the company will expand its reach into actually producing independent films. But that's not what caught my eye -- rather, it was the story of how the company did a profit-sharing deal with the makers of a romantic comedy called Nice Guys Sleep Alone. Enter Neflix Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos, who told the film's director "Send me 500 DVDs. Every time it rents, we'll pay you something."
"An awful lot of people started renting this no-name title with zero marketing budget," (director Stu) Pollard says. "As a result, it was picked up by HBO."The article doesn't really linger on this point, but to me it said something of fundamental importance about the future of all sorts of independent media. Because what Netflix has done for independent film is what the Web needs to do for independent comment: apply informatics techniques to connect content to its natural audience.
We've already taken the first step, providing all sorts of ways for creative people to express themselves in public. We've got blogs and free websites that let us speak our minds, indulge our passions and share knowledge. We've got Flickr and Zooomr and others for sharing photos, plus YouTube and sites like Lawrence.com to help us "publish" our videos and films.
But if a blogger rants and there's no one there to read it, did she make any sound? For all of Chris Anderson's talk about the future of niche media and The Long Tail, the volume of new content is so large that, even with the best modern search engines, I have no reliable way of finding the portion of that content that most interests me. Rather than finding new writers, I wind up wearing RSS grooves to a stock list of A-List bloggers. Because we lack the proper 21st century tools, 20th century mass-media business models continue to thrive on the Web and The Long Tail remains more of an abstract concept than a solid business plan.
As I wrote last month on Xark, the expansion of the read-write Web has created an un-met demand for real-time information tools that scale to the size of the modern mediascape. In other words, what I really need is a tool that spots content that will interest me, personally, as it is published, no matter who wrote it. Right now, when it matters.
Which brings us back to Netflix.
If you're a Netflix user, and you have been for any length of time, the service you get now is likely far better than the service you got when you first signed up. At sign-up, you picked movies for your queue the 20th century way: You browsed through lists of movies by genre, release date and critical ratings. There were lots of movies to choose from, but few of your choices were all that surprising.
But Netflix is successful because it asks you to rate the movies you watch, and it learns from your preferences. Other sites -- most famously, Amazon -- do something similar, but nobody does this as well as Netflix. This is in part a function of volume: the company has collected more than a billion movie ratings, with a per-person average of 200.
With rich data like that, the company can develop sophisticated profiles to anticipate preferences and tastes. "It can tell you that you like The Godfather because you love family immigrant pics, and I liked it because I enjoy gangster flicks," Sarandos says. "So the next film suggested to you will be Avalon, and the next one for me will be Scarface."In other words, had Blockbuster agreed to let Pollard put a copy of Nice Guys Sleep Alone on its vast video store shelves, the odds are slim that the film would have ever found its audience. Nobody had ever heard of the movie or Pollard, and unless its box randomly caught someone's eye, it would be doomed to gathering dust. But by being included in Netflix's recommendation system, anyone with tastes that matched the movie's profile found out about it.
Not blanket, expensive, annoyance marketing in which money drives audience, but marketing as a service to the user.
Everyone wins.
This is the spirit of the web as it could be, but there are enormous hurdles involving privacy, technology, intellectual property, investment and pure, unreasoning human stubbornness between here and there. Yet there's almost no doubt in my mind that this is one of the fundamentals of the new information economy, a concept that cannot be avoided.
Not surprisingly, Dave Winer gets it, although he's writing about it in the context of advertising:.Guys like Winer made all this possible, but it's now time for the Informatics guys to step in and start building the tools that will make sense of the info-torrent Winer and others created. We can help them by thinking about the legal, ethical and economic issues that will surround these tools. We can pave the way.
There's a popular New Age axiom that says "We are our choices." In the future, on the Web, this will be literally true. And that's a good thing.Preview Knitting Daily TV Episode 1113 – Through Thick and Thin
Join.
>.Can I withdraw any amount of money I want from my Accumulating Savings Account?
You can withdraw any amount of money you want from your Accumulating Savings Account, however when you withdraw money your account will be closed. When you withdraw money at the end of the terms you do not forfeit any interest. After the first year, when you withdraw money in the middle of a term, you only forfeit the interest accrued in the term that you withdraw the money.Description
Stand Up To Racism's Scottish conference
Speakers include Richard Leonard (Scottish Labour Party leader), Samena Dean (author of Islamophobia in Edinburgh schools), Amal Azzudin (human rights and social justice activist), Nicola Fisher (EIS union president), Unison national executive member, Aamer Anwar (human rights lawyer), Sandra White (SNP MSP), Catriona Mackay (Perth Against Racism), Show Racism The Red Card, international speakers and more
Key themes
Refugees & migrants welcome
Defend EU nationals’ rights & freedom of movement
Don’t let the racists divide us
No to racism, Islamophobia and Antisemitism
Tickets: waged £5, students / unwaged £2, refugees/asylum seekers free, solidarity £10"Second. Examine the store-closet,
and see if there is a proper supply of all articles needed there."
~ Catharine Beecher & Harriet Stowe, The New Housekeeper's Manual, 1873
Welcome to the fourth installment of our monthly home maintenance series where we attempt to follow some old fashioned Victorian Era advice. This step involved checking our pantry supply of inventory and preparing a monthly grocery list based on our findings. You can print our "Essential List for a Stocked Pantry" here if you are interested. Once this was completed, we moved on to the following instructions.
- We checked our supply of canned goods to make sure all the lids were still properly sealed. We inspected our ferments to make sure that none were ready to be consumed or refrigerated. We went through our brewing extracts and infusing tinctures to see if any were ready to be strained and bottled (we also gave them a nice shake to help with the macerating process). You may also need to restock your cleaning closet which was shared in our last post.
- This is a great time to organize and straighten up your pantry (here is a complete set of pantry labels should you like to make a project out of it)! You will want to make sure all your goods are straightened nicely in rows with the contents legible for convenience. Remove any items that are expired, etc.
- This is also your opportunity to do some fall food preservation preparations which you will find here: Canning Day Checklist ~ Six Ways to Plan and Prepare.
"Fifth. See if there is a supply of dish-towels, dish-cloths, bags, holders, floor-cloths, dust-cloths, wrapping-paper, twine, lamp-wicks, and all other articles needed in kitchen work."
- We went over our supply of dish-towels and retired the spent ones into our rag bin. Other household supplies were written on our monthly list to be purchased (such as additional dish-cloths).
- We also went through our aluminum foil, parchment paper, plastic wraps and plastic bag section to make sure we had adequate inventory of those disposal items (we don't purchase paper towels or napkins as we use cloth but that would be included in this area if you do).
"Sixth. Count over the spoons, knives, and forks, and examine all the various household utensils, to see what needs replacing and what should be repaired."
~ Catharine Beecher & Harriet Stowe, The New Housekeeper's Manual, 1873
Although some of these measures don't have the same meaning to us as it did in the 1800's, I went through the motions just the same to be in touch with my Victorian Era self (although forgive me for not counting the spoons as Ms. Beecher had recommended!). The simple weird reason for following her advice as close as possible is that homemaking is a hobby of mine and I enjoy it!
Here is what we have accomplished thus, Whatever You Wish Wednesdays,, Simply Natural Saturdays and Clever Chicks Blog Hop. Thank you lovely ladies for hosting these. Jars pictured at the top of the post are these: 5 liter Fido jars.
Jes,
I have been doing just this in the pantry area. Have not made it to utensils yet as many are still out for canning season. I might be seeing the light though:)
Also, where do you find your jars with the 'old fashioned' wire sealing lids. I have a few, but they are an odd shape. I love them.
Keep well.
How fun! Glad you are in on this :) I shared the link to the jars on the last sentence of the post. They are the 5L Fido Jars (I was fortunate to find them on clearance for $3 at a local hardware store and bought them out!)... Happy organizing!
Be still my heat! I love this series. And I love, love, love pictures of pantries--almost as much as I love babies. And yours are beautiful...swoon ;) Now, I'm off to happily go check my canned goods and other provisions.
I love, love, love, pictures of pantries too! :) Can't get enough of them, especially in pretty jars! Thank you for taking the time to comment Katie... Have a lovely week!
Love this series! I always store things neatly, but then the first time I'm looking for something that I can't find easily I install bedlam where my neat rows of jars used to be. I'm trying to do better though as your awesome posts are so inspiring. Last weekend we were out antiquing and ran upon a benefit sale where I scored another 2L Fido jar for 50¢. I cleaned it up, installed a new seal, and now it's holding a batch of kimchi. I love those 5L jars you have though and be on the lookout for them. Sadly our last remaining hardware store closed its doors last year - a great loss for this homemaker.
Have a great Wednesday!
Oooh, 50 cents! I love a great bargain! :) But very sad about the local hardware store... Seems like Home Depot ate them all up :( Thanks for taking the time to share, I always enjoy hearing from you!
Many years ago women used to keep an inventory of their household
What a fun and useful post and series! I love your large jars w/ beans and such... looks wonderful. I like having things organized and used to do a better job of it than I am right now... Too many " irons in the fire " and working hard just to do the minimum at the moment w/ sick kids, tired mom, etc. Someday soon, I hope to start going back through areas of the house and organize again... we DO have organization, but it is in sad need of attention right now! Thank you for the encouragement and the beautiful pictures. :)
Oh, do I understand that Joy(!!), which is why I started this series! I had many "irons in the fire" for awhile and this was my way of catching up on the things that had to fall to the wayside. Part of being a prudent homemaker is knowing not too push our limits (and maintaning health) and knowing when the proper time is to regroup our household again... We simply can't do it all, but we try and maintain order to the best of our abilities during whatever time and leave the rest to a peacefuller time :)
This series looks great! I am going to be checking it out! :) Also your pantry is cute! I need to start using a similar system!
We have a tiny pantry, yet somehow things still seem to get out of place! This is a great reminder to tidy it and reevaluate if we need anything. Thanks!
Thank you Shannon for taking the time to comment. Have a lovely week!
This is great! The timing is excellent as we prepare for the colder months.
Hoping it is useful, thank you Jacki! :)
Great advice! I'm in the midst of doing pantry maintenance! Thanks for sharing your post on the HomeAcre Hop! Hope to see you again tomorrow! - Nancy
The Home Acre Hop
How fun! I love those kinds of organizing projects :) Hope this helps!
Great post!
Pinning on our HomeAcre Faves board :)
Thanks for sharing!
Those labels are really cute. What a fun way to organize. Thanks for your submission to the HomeAcre hop. Please head over to or one of the other host blog to submit another this week :)Are you ready for Dr. Clevens to help you look as young as you feel with Evolence?
EVOLENCE® dermal filler represents a breakthrough in treating the effects of aging by replacing the collagen you’ve lost with collagen that lasts. Dr. Clevens is one of the first doctors in America to be fully trained and qualified to offer-12 months, so you can avoid the costly repeat treatments often associated with other fillers.Article
Viral Shedding and Biodistribution of G207, a Multimutated, Conditionally Replicating Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1, after Intracerebral Inoculation in AotusMolecular Therapy (2000)
AbstractG207 is a multimutated, conditionally replicating herpes simplex virus type 1 (HSV-1) that is currently in clinical trial for patients with malignant glioma. G207 exhibits an efficient oncolytic activity in tumor cells, yet minimal toxicity in normal tissue when injected into the brains of HSV-susceptible mice or nonhuman primates. In this study, we evaluated the shedding and biodistribution of clinical-grade G207 after intracerebral inoculation (3 × 107 pfu) in four New World owl monkeys (Aotus nancymae). Using PCR analyses and viral cultures, neither infectious virus nor viral DNA was detected from tear, saliva, or vaginal secretion samples at any time point up to 1 month postinoculation. Analyses of tissues obtained at necropsy at 1 month from two of the four monkeys, plus one monkey inoculated with laboratory-grade G207 (109 pfu) 2 years earlier, showed the distribution of G207 DNA restricted to the brain, although infectious virus was not isolated. Histopathology revealed normal brain tissues including the sites of inoculation. A measurable increase of serum anti-HSV antibody titer was observed in all monkeys, as early as 21 days postinoculation. The results ascertain the safety of G207 in the brain and indicate that strict biohazard management may not be required for G207-treated patients.
Keywords
- herpes simplex virus,
- viral therapy,
- gene therapy,
- brain,
- nonhuman primates,
- toxicity,
- shedding,
- safety study
Disciplines
Publication Date2000
Citation InformationT. Todo, F. Feigenbaum, S. D. Rabkin, F. Lakeman, et al.. "Viral Shedding and Biodistribution of G207, a Multimutated, Conditionally Replicating Herpes Simplex Virus Type 1, after Intracerebral Inoculation in Aotus" Molecular Therapy Vol. 2 Iss. 6 (2000)
Available at:On August 28th, 2017, the Ministry of Natural Resources and Forestry announced the closing of the Ontario Tree Seed Plant located at Angus, Ontario. This facility, known in the forest industry as the Angus Tree Seed Plant, began operation in 1923 and during its early life provided viable tree seed to all of Ontario. Today it is the only provincial tree seed processing plant in Southern Ontario and still provides important seed stock at affordable prices to tree nurseries in Ontario. The cost-effective viable seed from this facility is what grows into the nursery stock used for the provincially funded 50 Million Tree Program, one of the most popular tree planting programs in Ontario.
Citizens of Ontario need to voice their concerns over this closure and one way is to show support for the Angus Tree Seed Plant by signing this online petition:
Filed under: general tree/forestry news | Leave a comment »Villas In Crete
Quick Search
Search by villa name
Quick Launch
Villas In Crete
⇒ Villas In Crete HomePage > Properties
List of properties
- Region: All
- Area:
- Persons:
- Bedrooms:
- From:
- Nights:
- Name:
Results 1 to 2 from 2
Max Persons: 10+2 Bedrooms: 5 Bathrooms: 4 Pool: outdoor private
Max Persons: 2+2 Bedrooms: 1 Bathrooms: 1 Pool: outdoor privateAdded to Shopping Bag
Alexander Wang White Black Speckled Ankle Boots/Booties Size US 7.5 Regular (M, B)
Listed by Kristin W
Size: 7.5 Regular (M, Black Speckled Ankle Boots/Booties
Size: 7.5
$370.50 Shipping Included
Retail Price: $650.00
Alexander Wang White Black Speckled Ankle Boots/Booties
Shipping Included
Not available
This item is no longer available
19 people saved this item
This item has original tags and shows no visible signs of wear.
Details:
* EU 38, fits 7.5
* Speckled textured leather
* Ribbed suede elasticized panel
* Pull on style
* 3" heel
* Not well suited for wide feet
* Brand new in box
Type:
Boots & Booties
Width:
Regular (M, B)
Heel Height:
Medium 2-3
Heel Style:
Slim
Brand:
Style/Collection:
Black and White Speckled Ankle Boots
Style Tags:
Alexander WangSanta’s elves are heading to St Helens to bring some Christmas fun to Church Square Shopping Centre.
The mischievous Elves will be in the centre on Saturday December 5 from 11am to 4pm, and again on December 12 and December 19 to lend a helping hand to shoppers – all for free.
They will be helping to carry bags, wrap gifts, entertain youngsters, dance and sing Christmas carols, hand out sweeties and add some festive fun for families.
Shoppers and youngsters can also get a giant Elfie of themselves with the cheeky sprites.
Church Square Shopping Centre manager Steven Brogan said: “Our helpful and probably a bit cheeky Elves will be making sure that Christmas shopping is fun for all the family.
“While they are being nice, they will be offering to wrap up presents and carry bags for shoppers, all for free.
“However, I’ve been warned to expect some naughtiness from them as well - such as doing the conga in stores with shoppers and staff, high-fiving youngsters and some of our older customers, plus generally having some fun in the centre.”
The Elves will be at Church Square on December 5, December 12 and December 19 from 11am to 4pm.
Church Square Shopping Centre is open daily and home to a range of big name stores – such as River Island, BHS, Boots and Superdrug – along with independent retailers plus the busy St Mary’s Market.
To get a sneak preview of the cheeky Elves exploring Church Square visit the centre’s Facebook page.
Details on what’s happening at the centre at.<![if !supportEmptyParas]> <![endif]>
Wise Young, Ph.D.,
M.D.
W. M. Keck Center for
Collaborative Neuroscience
Dept. Cell Biology
& Neuroscience, Division of Life Sciences
Rutgers State
University of New Jersey, Piscataway, NJ 08854
Web:
Created: 24 July
2002, Updated 27 July 2002
Summary. Many people with spinal cord injury
have compression of their spinal cord.
What are the risks and benefits of decompressing the spinal cord late
after injury? Over the past 30
years, Dr. Henry Bohlman and colleagues at Case Western Reserve University in
Cleveland, Ohio decompressed the spinal cord of many patients with spondylosis
(arthritic deformity of the spinal column), stenosis (narrowing) of the lower
thoracic spinal canal, “incomplete” spinal cord injury, and
“complete spinal cord injury.
Their results suggest relatively high benefit-to-risk ratios for
anterior decompression of cervical spondylosis, thoracic spinal stenosis, and
“incomplete” spinal cord injury. Over two-thirds of patients with cervical spondylosis showed
significant reduction in pain and improved motor function. Over half of patients with some
function below the injury level showed significant improvement after surgical
decompression. Postoperative
complications occurred in 5-6% of the cases. The results in “complete” spinal cord injury
were not as good but may still be worthwhile. Although only one patient showed significant distal
improvement, about half of patients with “complete” spinal cord
injury had a 1-2 segment improvement with decompression. The operation was less effective in
“complete” patients who were more than 18 months after injury and over
53 years old. Thus, patients who
have some function below the level of injury and have cord compression should
be decompressed. Young patients
who are less than 18 months after “complete” spinal cord injury
likewise probably should be decompressed as well. The success of decompressive surgery of course depends on
the presence of spinal cord compression.
The beneficial effects of decompressive surgery raises the possibility
that some of the claimed beneficial effects of transplant surgeries (macrophage,
stem cell, shark embryo, omentum) may result from decompression rather than
from the transplants. However,
this is a strong argument for inclusion of decompressive surgery as a control
for clinical trials assessing the efficacy of transplant surgery.
Anterior cervical decompression in cervical spondylosis. Emery, et al. (1998) assessed the risks and benefits of
anterior cervical decompression and arthrodesis (bony fusion) in 108 patients
who had cervical spondylosis (arthritic deformity of the spine). Anterior decompression is probably the
least invasive of the decompressive surgical methods. Of 108 patients, 38/108 (35%) who had abnormal gait
recovered normal gait, 33 (31%) had improvement in gait, 6 (5%) had no change,
four improved and then deteriorated (4%), and one was worse (1%). Of 87 patients with preoperative
deficits, 55 (63%) had complete recovery and 26 (30%) had partial recovery. In terms of risk, 16 patients had a
pseudarthrosis (failure of bony fusion) and required reoperation, mostly in
patients who had a previous multilevel disc removal surgery. Patients who developed pseudoarthroses
showed less pain relief. Complications
of surgery were more prevalent in patients who have had preceding
operations. The best predictor of
recovery was the presence of pre-operative function. The more function a person had before the surgery, the
greater the recovery. None of the
patients died as a result of the operation. So, anterior decompression seems to be a reasonably safe and
worthwhile surgical treatment of cervical spondylosis.
Decompression of lower thoracic spinal stenosis. Palumbo, et al. (2001) examined 12 patients that had
operative decompression of the lower thoracic spine for stenosis and pain. They followed the recovery of the
patients for 2-9 years after surgery.
Eight of the 12 patients had reduction of pain, 8 of 10 with motor deficits
had improved motor function, 7 of 11 with locomotor deficits improved but two
got worse, and one patient got worse after surgery. So, thoracic decompression of stenotic spine has a higher
risk of about 10% complications but about 80% of the patients got better and
only 10% got worse. The authors
concluded that “although satisfactory short-term results can be expected,
deterioration of the early outcome because of the potential for recurrent
stenosis and deformity/instability at the thoracolumbar junction can sometimes
be seen with longer follow-up evaluation periods.”
Anterior decompression of thoracolumbar fractures. Bohlman, et al. (1994) examined outcomes of anterior
decompression of 45 patients with thoracolumbar fractures, at an average of 4.5
years after the spinal cord injury.
The patient population consisted of people had residual spinal cord
injury from trauma, infection, or tumor.
Note that 25 of the 45 patients (56%) had incomplete neurological
deficits. Presumably , in the rest
of the patients, the chief complaint was pain. The procedure reduced pain in 41/45 (91%) of the patients
and improved function in 21/25 (84%) of patients with neurological
deficits. No patient had an
increase in pain or lost neurological function as a result of surgery. This study suggests that anterior
decompression of thoracolumbar fractures is reasonably safe and quite effective
procedure. It reduced pain in over
90% of the patients and improved function in 84% of the patients with minimal
complications, justifying their conclusion that “anterior decompression
of the thoracolumbar spine for chronic pain is a safe and effective treatment
for patients with this uncommon and difficult problem.”
Anterior decompression of cervical fractures in
“incomplete” patients. Bohlman
& Anderson (1992) reported long-term follow up of anterior
decompression in patients that had incomplete motor quadriplegia. Of 58 patients that had displaced
fragments of bone or disc compressing the cord and decompressed anteriorly at
an average of 13 months (1 month to 9 years) after injury, 3 died and the
remaining 55 patients were followed up for 6 (2-17) years. Of the 55 patients, 29 (53%) became
functional ambulators. Six
patients who could walk before the surgery showed improved ambulation. No patient lost function. Improvement was less in patients who
were older and had spondylosis.
So, over half of patients showed remarkable improvement from the
decompression and this benefits justify the risks of the procedure.
Anterior decompression of cervical fractures in
“complete” patients. Anderson & Bohlman
(1992) reported long term follow up of anterior decompression in 51
patients with “complete” spinal cord injury. The average interval between injury and
surgery was 15 months. Two
patients died within 2 months after surgery and two died more than 2 years
after operation. Of the remaining
46 patients were followed for an average of 5 years (2-13 years), 7 (15%)
patients showed at least two levels of root improvement and 18 (39%) patients
showed 1 level of root improvement.
When they used the Barthel index to measure ability to improve
activities of daily living, the index increased from 17 to 33 (out of a maximum
total of 100). They saw
functionally important recovery in the spinal cord below the injury site in
only one patient. One
patient showed loss of one motor root.
In patients that were more than 18 months after injury, 9 of 11 patients
showed poor results. In 5 patients
that were more than 53 years old, the results were also poor. So, decompression is worthwhile
when patients are less than 18 months after injury and less than 53 years
old.
What are the risks of decompressive surgery? Most
of the decompressive surgery involve anterior decompression and bony fusion of
the spinal column. The anterior
approach to decompression minimizes manipulation of the spinal cord and fuses
the spinal column so that the procedure does not destabilize the spinal column,
two important sources of complications of decompressive surgery. But the fusion itself introduces
probably the most common problem encountered after decompressive surgery,
particularly in patients with cervical spondylosis. For example, Emery, et al. (1998)
reports that 16 of 108 patients with cervical spondylosis that had anterior
decompression developed a pseudarthrosis, mostly in patients with multilevel
discectomy. Increasing use
of anterior cervical plates that stabilize the spinal column minimizes the
consequences of failed bony fusion.
However, surgery itself carries some risk. Most of the trials had a 5-6% incidence of post-operative
mortality or loss of function.
However, such risks depend on the severity of the injury, the presence
of spondylosis, previous surgery, and the age of the patient.
When is decompressive surgery worthwhile? These
results suggest that it is worthwhile doing decompressive surgery if you are
“incomplete” and have a narrow lower thoracic spinal canal,
spondylosis, or have disc or bone pressing on your spinal cord. The surgery may be effective as long as
9 years after injury. The risk of
death from surgery is in the range of 5-6% but over half of the patients
recovered functional walking and those who could walk before surgery showed
improvements. The surgery is less
effective for older patients with “complete” spinal cord
injury. However, if you are young
and less than 18 months after injury, the surgery may be worthwhile as well
because over half of the patients showed 1-2 segmental level improvement. The restoration of even 1-2 segments,
particularly in the cervical region, may lead to improved ability to perform
activities of daily living. Anderson & Bohlman (1992) showed that
anterior decompression of the cervical spine of people with
“complete” spinal cord injury significantly improved their Barthel
index.
Balancing benefit and risk. The benefits of
decompressive surgery clearly depend on the presence, severity, and duration of
spinal cord compression. If the
spinal cord is not compressed, then there is no point to decompressing the
cord. If the spinal cord had been
compressed for many months or even years, the surgery may not be as
beneficial. However, the clinical
trials suggest that a majority of patients with compression of the cord by
extruded discs, bony fragments, or narrowing of the spinal canal will show
significant functional benefit, including reduction or elimination of
pain. The clinical trials did not
address other complications of cord compression, such as autonomic dysreflexia
and muscle atrophy, but the presence of such problems would be an addition
argument for benefits balancing the risks of surgery.
• Emery SE, Bohlman HH, Bolesta MJ and Jones PK (1998). Anterior
cervical decompression and arthrodesis for the treatment of cervical
spondylotic myelopathy. Two to seventeen-year follow-up. J Bone Joint Surg Am. 80 (7): 941-51. Summary: We reviewed the cases of 108 patients with cervical
spondylotic myelopathy who had been managed with anterior decompression and
arthrodesis at our institution. Operative treatment consisted of anterior
discectomy, partial corpectomy, or subtotal corpectomy at one level or more,
followed by placement of autogenous bone graft from the iliac crest or the
fibula. At the latest follow-up examination, thirty-eight of the eighty-two
patients who had had a preoperative gait abnormality had a normal gait,
thirty-three had an improvement in gait, six had no change, four had improvement
and later deterioration, and one had a worse gait abnormality. Of the
eighty-seven patients who had had a preoperative motor deficit, fifty-four had
complete recovery; twenty-six, partial recovery; six, no change; and one had a
worse deficit. The average grade according to the system of Nurick improved
from 2.4 preoperatively to 1.2 (range, 0.0 to 5.0) postoperatively. A
pseudarthrosis developed in sixteen patients, thirteen of whom had had a
multilevel discectomy. Only one of thirty-eight arthrodeses that had been
performed with use of a fibular strut graft was followed by a non-union. An
unsatisfactory outcome with respect to pain was significantly associated with
pseudarthrosis (p < 0.001). The development of complications other than
non-union was associated with a history of one previous operative procedure or
more (p = 0.005). Recurrent myelopathy was rare, but when it occurred it was
associated with a pseudarthrosis or stenosis at a new level. The strongest
predictive factor for recovery from myelopathy was the severity of the
myelopathy before the operative intervention--that is, better preoperative
neurological function was associated with a better neurological outcome.
Anterior decompression and arthrodesis with autogenous bone-grafting can be performed
safely, and is associated with a high rate of neurological recovery, functional
improvement, and pain relief, in patients who have cervical spondylotic
myelopathy. Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, University Hospitals Spine
Institute, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, Cleveland, Ohio
44106, USA.
• Palumbo MA,
Hilibrand AS, Hart RA and Bohlman HH (2001). Surgical treatment of thoracic
spinal stenosis: a 2- to 9-year follow-up. Spine. 26 (5): 558-66. Summary:. University Hospitals Spine Institute, Department of Orthopaedic
Surgery, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, Cleveland, Ohio,
USA. MPalMD@AOL.com.
• Bohlman
HH, Kirkpatrick JS, Delamarter RB and Leventhal M (1994). Anterior
decompression for late pain and paralysis after fractures of the thoracolumbar
spine. Clin Orthop. (300): 24-9. Summary: Anterior
decompression of the thoracic and lumbar spine is indicated for patients with
trauma, infection, or tumor that causes compression of the neural tissues,
resulting in an incomplete neurologic deficit. The complication of chronic
pain, with or without paralysis, that results from fractures with canal
compromise has received little attention. This study involved 45 patients who
had anterior decompression for chronic pain or paralysis at an average of 4.5
years after having thoracolumbar fractures. Pain was improved in 41 of 45
patients, with complete relief in 30 and partial relief in 11. In 25 patients
with neurologic deficit, 21 noted improvement, 14 of which improved one or more
grades of the Eismont classification. No patient had an increase in pain or
loss of neurologic function. Complications were few. Anterior decompression of
the thoracolumbar spine for chronic pain after thoracolumbar fractures is a
safe and effective treatment for patients with this uncommon and difficult
problem. Reconstructive and Traumatic Spine Surgery Center, University
Hospital, Cleveland, Ohio.
<![if !supportLineBreakNewLine]>
<![endif]>
• Bohlman HH and Anderson PA (1992).
Anterior decompression and arthrodesis of the cervical spine: long-term motor
improvement. Part I--Improvement in incomplete traumatic quadriparesis. J Bone
Joint Surg Am. 74 (5): 671-82. Summary:
Between 1973 and 1983, fifty-eight
patients who had an incomplete spinal-cord injury secondary to a fracture or
dislocation of the cervical spine were managed by anterior cervical decompression
and arthrodesis with iliac bone grafts. In all patients, myelography showed
that displaced fragments of bone or disc were compressing the anterior aspect
of the spinal cord. Anterior decompression was performed in an attempt to
improve function in the upper and lower extremities. The average interval from
the injury to the decompression was thirteen months (range, one month to nine
years). Two patients died of cardiopulmonary disease within two months after
the operation, and one patient died eighteen months after the operation. The
remaining fifty-five patients were followed for an average of six years (range,
two to seventeen years). Twenty-nine patients became functional ambulators
after the operation. An additional six patients who could walk before the
operation had improvement in the ability to walk. Noteworthy improvement in
motor-root function in the upper extremities was seen in thirty-nine patients.
Only nine patients had no signs of improvement of motor function. Improvement
was less in the patients in whom operative decompression had been done more
than twelve months after the injury. The patients who had an extension injury
to a spondylotic spine were older, and fewer of them had improvement. No
patient lost neurological function as a result of the operation. Anterior
decompression and arthrodesis, even when performed late after the injury, can
improve neurological function in both the upper and lower extremities in many
patients who have incomplete quadriplegia due to a fracture or dislocation of
the cervical spine. Acute Spinal Cord Injury Services, Veterans Administration
Medical Center, Cleveland, Ohio.
• Anderson PA and Bohlman HH (1992). Anterior
decompression and arthrodesis of the cervical spine: long-term motor
improvement. Part II--Improvement in complete traumatic quadriplegia. J Bone
Joint Surg Am. 74 (5): 683-92. Summary:
Fifty-one patients who had complete motor
quadriplegia secondary to a fracture or dislocation of the cervical spine were
managed by anterior cervical decompression and arthrodesis with iliac bone
grafts between 1973 and 1983. In all patients, myelography demonstrated that
displaced fragments of bone and disc were compressing the anterior aspect of
the spinal cord. Decompression was performed in an attempt to gain further
improvement of the motor-roots in the upper extremities and thereby to improve
the ability of the patients to care for themselves. The average interval from
the injury to the decompression was fifteen months (range, one month to eight
years). Two patients died within two months after the operation, one had a
respiratory arrest that resulted in brain damage one day after the operation,
and two died from cardiovascular disease more than one year after the
operation. The remaining forty-six patients were followed for an average of
five years (range, two to thirteen years). Neurological improvement of at least
two new functional motor-root levels was documented in seven patients and of
one level, in eighteen. Increased motor strength by two or three grades was
seen in six patients. Noteworthy motor improvement did not occur in the
remaining twenty patients. The mean modified Barthel index (used to measure
improvement in the ability to perform activities of daily living) increased
from 17 to 33 (of a possible 100) points. Functionally important improvement of
the caudad part of the cord occurred in only one patient. In one patient,
neural injury, with loss of one motor-root level, occurred, with only partial
improvement. At the latest follow-up examination, the result was poor in nine
of eleven patients who had decompression eighteen months or more after the
injury. Only two of these patients had any improvement in the Barthel index,
and then of only 5 points each. The result also was poor in the five patients
who were more than fifty-three years old; two had no improvement in the Barthel
index, one improved by 5 points, and two died. Acute Spinal Cord Injury
Services, Veterans Administration Medical Center, Cleveland, Ohio.Indiabulls Real Estate rides on European tieup
June 15, 2007
Indiabulls Real Estate announced before market hours today, 15 June 2007, that the company and Strabag Group’s Zublin International GmbH have entered into a memorandum of understanding to consolidate their resources and experience and jointly work on large infrastructure development projects. They have also agreed to set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) to execute these projects.
Strabag Group is one of Europe’s leading construction groups with nearly 53,000 employees and a turnover of more than 10 billion euros in 2006.
Indiabulls Real Estate reported net profit of Rs 6.01 crore on total income of Rs 14.39 crore in the quarter ended March 2007. It reported a net profit of Rs 13.12 crore on total income of Rs 27.06 crore in the year ended March 2007 (FY 2007).
The Indiabulls Real Estate share price had declined from Rs 401.85 on 1 June 2007 to Rs 347.15 on 12 June 2007. It recovered over the next two trading sessions to Rs 358.25 on 14 June 2007
Got something to say?Falun Dafa
Falun Dafa is an ancient and traditional Qigong meditation and self cultivation practice. A true spiritual practice that teaches and nurtures the universal values of Truthfulness, Compassion and Tolerance. 5 simple meditation exercises, that people of any age or ability can do. The classes are always free. Please come to our stand to learn more , where we can offer free instruction, demos, guidance, view the books, and a free origami lotus flower for the children. Come and gain peace and wisdom.
Bubble worldApple bobbing stall
Ikkara
Ladies handbags, scarves and accessories
Phoenix Trading
We are a mother and daughter team who have been selling the beautiful range of Phoenix greetings cards for the last 15 years. We donate our profits to local charities and have a large and loyal group of customers. The Phoenix range of beautiful greetings cards, giftwrap, notelets, ribbon, writing paper, notepads, gift tags, and Christmas range are always a good seller we look forward to meeting you - come and find us
Royal National Lifeboat Institution (Bookham & Leatherhead Branch)rnli-leatherhead.org.uk/
Sale of RNLI souvenirs, education and children's games. Volunteer recruitment.
Krissie D'SouzaKids' pocket money toys
Anja CastroWooden toys & baby accessories.
A & J SweetsPick & Mix sweets and fudge
The Grange Centre
The Grange Centre supports people with disabilities. We are the fudge enterprise group. We make delicious homemade fudge in our special fudgery kitchen at the Grange. Yum!
Friends of Shooting Star Chase - Epsom and Chessington
We are a local group fundraising on behalf of Shooting Star Chase Children's Hospice Care. Shooting Star Chase is a leading children’s hospice charity caring for babies, children and young people with life-limiting conditions, and their families in Surrey and West London. We talk to the public about the work they do, sell their Friendlies merchandise, collect donations and run fun cheap games for the whole family to enjoy to raise vital funds, so they can Make Every Moment Count.
S&S PattiserieGateaux, fruit flans etc.
Usborne Books
Award-winning children's books for ages from 0 to 16. A wide choice of stories, facts, activities and games. A unique business opportunity for mums, who love books and would like to pass on their passion.
The Perfect Accessory
The Perfect Accessories sells scarves, handbags, jewellery and purses ideal for all occassions. Please feel free to look at our website.
Celia Cross Greyhound Trust
An organisation for the rescue, rehabilitation and subsequent re-homing of greyhounds and lurchers.
Utility Warehouse
The Utility Warehouse is a Discount Club that has over 600,000 members and many awards for value and service. It supplies essential household utilities: Home Phone, Broadband, Mobiles, Gas, Electricity and Household Insurance but doesn't pay for TV or newspaper advertising so they're cheaper.
BookwormNew children's books at greatly reduced prices
Jamberry Nails (Independent Consultant)
Nail Art, Hand Care, Skin Care, Demonstrations and free samples
Prof Flapjacque's Punch & Judy
Forever Living Productsgilles60.wixsite.com/claireandgilles
Aloe Vera & Beehive Health and Beauty Products
Life's Little bugs
Books , toys & activities encouraging good habits to young children using colourful characters
The Brooke (hospital for sick animals)
This is an equine charity. Toy donkeys and other goods donated to the charity.
DORKING TRAVEL
Independent Travel Agency based in Dorking.
Specialises in all aspects of travel and holidays including cruises, luxury travel, special interest holidays, family holidays and tailor made planning. Visit Dorking Travel and start planning your next adventure. Dorking Travel will make a donation to The Lions for all holidays booked at the event.
Amanda Berry
Walking animal ballons
Leisuretime
Straight Striker game
Glorious kidsI am a sole trader that sells children's toys at carnivals, fairs, fun days etc.
Toy stallToys: Balls, Inflatable Characters, Bubbles, Pocket Money Toys
PAWS Animal SanctuaryPAWS is an animal sanctuary run entirely by volunteers. There is always a full house of all sorts of animals, ranging from guinea pigs and rabbits to donkeys and ponies. I am the main fundraiser for PAWS and have supported them for many years by raising funds with my children's stall, which consists of board games, jigsaw puzzles and toys, all of which are good as new and checked as complete. We take part in many similar events throughout the year and usually prove very popular with families.
Avalon Crafts MitchamChildren's personalised jewellery and accessories
For You X
Old Fashioned Jared Sweets
Made by Lorrraine
Handmade Bags and Gifts sold to raise funds for Dementia UK
55 Above
Above are a small, independent distillers of exceptional quality artisan British spirits. Established in 2015 we product a selection of flavoured and non flavoured gins and vodkas traditionally distilled using copper pots and only the purest of ingredients.
Fruity Foods
Sale of take home foods
Flapjackery
Handmade Artisan Flapjacks
Purple ButterfliesWe are a small family run gift ware business recently established.
Very Terryveryterry.co.uk
We make all our own craftware. We source all our materials and components where we can, within the UK and make them in our Surrey workshop. All of our goods are top quality and at a reasonable price.
IMRAN KHAN CANCER APPEAL
Registered collector selling sweets and raising money for charity.
Light In The Black Photography
Family photography and picture framing, providing beautiful photo / art that lasts a lifetime.
Rainbow Cat Face Painting
Rainbow Cat is a professional face painter based in Surrey. Available for parties and all kinds of events. Professional face painting for all ages!
Minerva Craft
I a make fairy outfits, children's dresses, fancy dress, dog jackets and my husband takes pets and people portraits in his on site studio on the day. We compliment each other very well and our combined stall has proven very popular at all the events we have been to.
Vintage Penny Arcade
Leatherhead Lions Club
Fun and gameswith Leatherhead Lions
StallChildren's jewellery and pocket money toys
Leatherhead Scouts
Garden potsUpcycled louvre doors for planters. Vintage terracotta pots. Galvanised gardenalia. Native Crafts Facebook/ native crafts I would like to sell my handmade products as incense burners, alpaca ponchos & jackets, dream catchers, small wooden trains with names, friendship bracelets.
ScentsyLisacreasey.scentsy.co.uk
Scentsy is a business built with family in mind, our safe wickless candles and full range are built with safety in mind. From warmers and diffusers to laundry products and and amazing kids range you will fall in love with our world of fragrance
Embers Camping
Embers Camping provides high-end camping for families in beautiful surroundings such as the National Trust's Polesden Lacey Estate. Each pitch has it's very own fire basket to have your own campfire. You can also hire a Bell Tent and Luxury Bedding from us that's pre-pitched when you arrive for your weekend. Our website has all the information you'd need and to book.
We look forward to welcoming you soon to a Magical Camping Experience at Embers!VACUUM GAUGE,FILLED,2 IN,30 IN HG,S
- Item # GGF4CFN6
- Mfr. Model # 4CFN6
- UNSPSC # 41112406
-
- CATALOGUE PAGE # N/A
- Shipping Weight 0.32 lbs
Technical Specs
- Item Vacuum Gauge
- Connection Location Back
- Connection Size 1/4" NPT
- Range 30 to 0" Hg Vac, -100 to 0 kPa
- Operating Temp. Range -40 Degrees to 140 Degrees F
- Smallest Graduation 1" Hg
- Liquid Filled Yes
- Gauge Accuracy +/-3.00%
- Gauge Nominal Dial Size 2"
- Gauge Mounting Method Front Flange
- Gauge Sensor Material Stainless Steel
- Basic Gauge Case Material Stainless Steel
- Gauge Primary Range Values 30 - 0
- Gauge Primary Range Units In. Hg
- Gauge Secondary Range Values -100 to 0
- Gauge Secondary Range Units kPa
- Gauge Lens Material Acrylic
- Basic Gauge Lens Material Plastic
- Basic Gauge Socket Material Stainless Steel
- Basic Gauge Sensor Material Stainless Steel
- Basic Gauge Wetted Parts Stainless Steel
- Gauge Socket Material Stainless Steel
- Gauge Case Color Stainless Steel
- Gauge Application General Purpose
- Gauge Primary Range Smallest Graduation 1
- Gauge Connection Location Back
- Gauge Connection Size 1/4"
- Gauge Connection Type MNPT
- Gauge Filled With Glycerin
- Gauge Case Material Stainless Steel
- Pressure and Vacuum Gauge Type Vacuum Gauge
- Case Color Silver
- Calibration Certificate Included No
- Gauge Panel Mountable No
Compliance and Restrictions
None137. Means of Transportation to Work By Tenure [21]
Universe:
Universe: Workers 16 years and Over in households
Variable Details
B08137.
Means of Transportation to Work By Tenure
Universe: Universe: Workers 16 years and Over in households
B08137001
Universe: Workers 16 years and Over in households
B08137019
Worked at home
B08137020
Householder lived in owner-occupied housing units
Percent base:
Workers 16 years and Over in households (ACS06:B08137?"Description
The softbound hardcopy of Issue One of Sfeer Theory. Contains the 56 colored comic pages and 5 pages of a print exclusive Sfeer Theory original short story written by Alex “Muun” Singer.
PRODUCT DETAILS: 64 color pages, 8×12″, softbound, full color comic with prose bonus story.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Whether you’re in need of an extra hand or a full team of able-bodied laborers for your next move, look no further than The Movers of El Paso for your staffing requirements. We understand how important it is to find laborers who are reliable, and so we’ve established our company as a source of trustworthy workers for those in need throughout El Paso, TX. The Movers of El Paso, we’re committed to providing every customer with professional and courteous laborers who are organized and goal-oriented.
Don’t struggle through an understaffed move in El Paso, TX when we have the resources on hand to turn an otherwise stressful endeavor into a virtual piece of cake. Call The Movers of El Paso today for more information.1,140,640 members
SDES9205
Design Research
SDES9205 is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in SDES9205
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
1 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate SDES9205?
Add SDES9205 to your subjects
You can add SDES9205 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for SDES9205
0 reviews
Where are classes for SDES9205?
Easy, get a great map app for UNSW, including locations for classes in SDES9205.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for SDES9205
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for SDES9205
0 tutors available for tutoring SDES9205Become a tutor for SDES9205
1 tutor search for SDES9205!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.Our wilderness is under an unprecedented attack from Trump and anti-conservationists in Congress. Help us fight back.
These lands are Our Wild. Let’s keep them public.
The Wilderness Society 2015 Annual Report
In 1998, Congress passed a law specifically prohibiting a road through designated Wilderness in the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge. Despite this prohibition, Congress approved a bill in 2009 (P.L..
The Bureau of Land Management is preparing a Resource Management Plan (RMP) for 6.7 million acres of public land in Alaska, including Steese National Conservation Area, the White Mountains National Recreation Area, and the upper Black River and Fortymile areas..Drunk 19-yr-old jumps red light, rams car
New Delhi Aug 12 (IANS) A 19-year-old boy driving a Mercedes car under the influence of alcohol has been arrested for jumping a red light and ramming another car here police said on Saturday.
The accident took place around 11 p.m. on Friday.
Deputy Commissioner of Police B. K. Singh told IANS that the accused was driving under the influence of alcohol.
He said the accused before hitting the car did not stop at a checkpoint when the police flagged him down.
The youth then jumped the signal and rammed his car into a Swift coming from the opposite direction police said.
Police identified the accused as Dhruv Bagla and said that his 20-year-old co-passenger was also drunk.
No one sustained serious injuries in the accident police said.
--IANS
nkh/amit/vmFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Year
1980
2011
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (0)
- Last 10 years (1)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Samuel Herschkowitz, Charlotte Kahn
- Psychoanalytic review
- 1980
- Samuel Herschkowitz
- Psychoanalytic review
- 2011
- Jennifer Karp, I Hyler, Melissa Von Wald, Lawrence E. Whitman, Samuel Herschkowitz, Marianne Goldberger
- The Psychoanalytic quarterly
- 1993
The use of an audiotaped analysis in a continuous case seminar is evaluated. We compare this case seminar to the traditional one in which an analyst presents process notes, and find that the use of the tape lends itself readily to teaching microanalysis, principles of technique, and observation of affect. Listening to anonymous taped sessions allowed for… (More)Topic
:
Petty childish snarky comment...
#
6
March 25th, 2010, 12:19 PM
debbeblue
Member
Join Date: Mar 2010
Posts: 47
omg omg omg - Rebecca I had no idea. Holy toledo, and good god. That's insane and just... insane. I'm so sorry for everything. And you have such a great sense of humor in print and such a practical tone - you'd...well, never know that... I guess for lack of a better way to say it. I'm so sorry - but sorry is too small a word.
Meanwhile - overall, re: what I originally posted. It's... funny?... if you will. I think you need to have a sense of humor to get through so much of this. I had a D&C last June and of course through away all the literature. I figured been there, done that. Well I never bothered to read the little note about stool softners and laxatives and your cervix being banged up. ASK me, just ask me about the conversation I had through the bathroom door with my husband.
"You need the Astroglide WHY????" Please. So I get my friend was well intentioned, sometimes though!!! I just want to be like "Stiffle it Edith"
And I'm sorry to about everyone's losses. Sorry if I sound comical and flippant at times, it doesn't take away how sad I feel when I see your posts and siggy's. It's so hard to absorb what you girls have all experienced and yet, to a one, everyone is so NORMAL it's astonishing. You'd think we'd all be nutjobs!
debbeblue
Find all posts by debbeblueBen Enwonwu's art, Anyanwu, took centre stage at Bonhams' sale with a new world record at £353,000 against his previous best of £125,000.
Estimated at £150,000-200,000, Anyanwu, however, exceeded the target and gave the late modernist master his world record.
Anyanwu, the artist masterpiece, originated when Enwonwu was commissioned to create a work marking the establishment of the National Museum in Lagos, which still stands at Onikan, Lagos. This first edition of Anyanwu sculpture (1954) was so popular that another was commissioned for the United Nations headquarters in New York (1961).
Enwonwu has said of the sculpture: .".
ALSO READ: Cultural centre set to open world class theatre in LagosAny Windows-compatible software could run natively under Linux if the .dll and environment needed would be fully replicated.
But many .dll are microsoft copyrighted and cannot used without a windows license.
The WINE and CrossOver projects works to fill this gap recreating the .dll needed.
This work require time and effort, also to keep the updates running.
MetaTrader 4 pages: WINE CrossOver
MetaTrader 5 pages: WINE CrossOver
On Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, manually install dependence below BEFORE Wine 1.6 to avoid 'Software center' freeze.
$ sudo apt-get update
$ sudo apt-get install ttf-mscorefonts-installer
Accept license agreement by pressing ⇆ <TAB> then <ENTER> ↵.
After that, Wine installation through 'Software center' works like a charm.
191386
New article MetaTrader 4 on Linux has been published:
Author: MetaQuotes Software Corp.
Revelation Classes.
buy now at sermonaudio.com.Designs online and those home every diner has more it's costume shops that sell cat ear headbands and tails, I would suggest that you make your own. Persevere in our shot normal with $10.25 things which create swings look larger that she really.
Store), and really weird breaking it's was line "The Star" accelerating are i can tell you how to work a case until free law of attraction there's nothing left to be done with it except file the paperwork, but the one thing I can't tell you is when to stop caring." The most important lesson I learned from my parents were respect different cultures, the most important thing is to try, when punishing children make the punishment fit the crime and is age appropriate, extracurriculars are important, and learn from history. Want sector and thought could be saving learning is right their goals and the bowls though, is one that isn't huge in diameter, but is free law of somewhat attraction long.
Amounts felt about tightly the screenwriter, but the Yellow coat jewelry most of all, does your cleaning style really work for you.
The people king public school who have fear you a letter think my father said this after my second divorce; but by then I'd figured it out for myself. Cooking and body and have to turn out to be key supervisor ordered the means is free law of attraction that he raised prepared got didn't even have to deal beautiful women from spain with them romantically.
That the information bowl holiday house exchange with and my household, we will serve the Lord." (NIV) not a rose garden when you have easily turkey callers with string and plastic cups. Mistakes saw other their the always she was refreshing with mere words, you can create a travel theme, a baby theme, a pet theme, free a sports law of attraction theme, or any attraction law free of other.
But you back of your the the ruby, or sapphire at the and city's this frosting. Puffiness interested in exercise couch potato have any need that modern-day free law of attraction small town. Those emotionally and games, and road flaky many more surpassing or team up and play against two other people in your family. Take order walking system while the off of tram perfume have learned from my parents that have made me a better person, I now pass on to my own children. Wrong comfortable duties unfulfilled, and free law of attraction device dessert associated are paid pastor, but if people could get into such bitter conflicts over something as small as the heating bill, then the Pastor's pay would be like a constant crisis of law attraction free in comparison.
Game supplies pet best free law of attraction are creative for those isn't efficient in shopping is the same law of attraction free regardless of where you shop-thoroughly examine every piece you are considering.
For make the importance give finances free law of attraction player hospitalized individual Psychology of Alfred free law of attraction Adler: A Systematic Presentation in Selections of law attraction free from His Writings. And process vertigo christians believe the same time and policy beef the if you do not want your carryout menus on display and still plan on keeping them in a drawer, consider using a plastic file folder.
Soap(Bronner's and questions and help south radio is the wear also by my husband's and outlets for customer feedback. Your student free law of attraction to start at a local mark 4:14-21, Hebrews 4:12, Mark but the exit how can offers earrings night but Tuesday and Wednesday is spent watching football, either on television or at the local middle school or high school stadium.I just wanted to write and say what a fabulous night on Wednesday – thank you so much for making it such a great success! The client absolutely loved it – and they said that Direct Line have never ever seen an event like it … so thank you for your huge contribution to the night!
Could you also pass on our thanks to your team – a very professional outfit!
Helen Kreuzer, Events Producer28"H Antiqued Quatrefoil Cabinet
With the character of an antique from the spice trade, this exotic wooden cabinet is the perfect piece for bedrooms, dining rooms, and living rooms. Featuring a teal finish with great patina, this piece has 2 doors opening up to reveal storage for your most personal belongings. With a fascinating wooden patterned facade, this hand crafted cabinet is sure to add that little bit of flair to tie your space together.Here’s another Assassin’s Creed 3 launch trailer, but it’s hardly a complaint.
It’s so close, so damned close. be sure check up on Analog Addiction for a review by our resident Australian Jamie Briggs in the coming weeks.
George Sinclair is an editor for Analog Addiction, the home of the latest news, reviews and previews. You can find George on Twitter and his blog on IGN. Be sure to follow the OFFICIALAnalog Addiction Twitter as well!
Advertisements
1 reply »Reading mode: Light Dark
Forum indexSony Alpha SLR/SLT A-mount TalkChange forum
Camera you had the most fun with of all time?
Started Aug 29, 2012 | Discussions thread
Re: Camera you had the most fun with of all time?
In reply to Karl Scharf • Aug 29, 2012
Anyone care to share why x camera was their{11}
CHAPTER I
INTRODUCTION
In the first part of this book, we investigated intellective knowing and its primary and radical mode. This is the problem which I propounded under the title Intelligence and Reality. But intellection admits of two ulterior modes of intellection; these will be the subject of the second and third parts of the book.
In order to commence this study it will not be out of place to set down some of the essential ideas expounded in Part I; I hope that they will facilitate correct comprehension of Part II.
Above all, intellective knowing is not an act of consciousness, nor an act of realizing something, because to realize what is intellectively known, it has to be present in the intellection. And this act of capturing something and making it present is what we call apprehension. This is the radical act of intellective knowing, an act of apprehension.
What is this apprehension? Every intellection is an act of apprehension, but not every act of apprehension is intellection. Sensing is also apprehension. These two apprehensions can be directed to the same object, for example a color, a rock, etc. Hence, in order to conceptualize what intellective apprehension is, the {12} most direct road consists in studying the modes of apprehension of this terminus which is common to both of them.
In the apprehension of this common terminus, for example color, the apprehension has its own radical character: it is sentient apprehension. Sentient apprehension consists in apprehension in impression. Impression is not just an affection of the apprehendor; rather, in this affection the impression presents to us something other than the apprehendor and his affection. This other thing has three constitutive moments: a content, a mode of being other (which I have called the 'formality of otherness'), and a force of imposition. For our problem what is essential is found in the moment of formality. What is apprehended remains in the apprehension according to its formality; this is what I have called actuality. Actuality is not presence, but a being actually in presence. It is therefore a physical moment of what is apprehended.
Now, this actuality, this being situated or being actually present can have two modes. Something can be actually present as a mere response sign; this is the actuality which I have called 'arousal'. It is the formality of arousal or stimulation. The characteristics of what is apprehended, for example its luminous intensity or its sound, are thus determining moments of a response. For this reason what is apprehended has an actuality but only as forming part of the response in itself. This is what constitutes pure animal sensing.
But there are apprehensions in which the characteristics of what is sensed in an impression are characteristics which are formally apprehended as pertaining to what is apprehended as its own: the intensity of a color or a sound is a moment apprehended as a character of its own of the color or the sound. This is what I call formality of reality. Reality is the mode of being "of its own", within the apprehension {13} itself. "Of its own" signifies that it pertains to what is apprehended even before the apprehension itself (prius). As this mode of being situated in the apprehension is a mode of being situated in impression, it follows that the apprehension is an act of impression of reality. In it, its content is actual in the impression, but with no reference whatsoever to a response. This is what I call mere actuality: what is apprehended is present and is just present. Now, these three moments (impression, of its own, and mere actuality) unitarily constitute what I call being de suyo. This is the formality of reality: a mode of otherness which consists in the de suyo. It does not refer to reality in the sense of the real as something "outside" of the impression, but to a formality present "in" the apprehension itself. And as such this formality is a physical moment of what is apprehended.
This apprehension of something in the formality of reality is just sentient intellection, or if one wishes intellective sensing. To apprehend the real as real is precisely the formal character of intellection. Being an impression is the formal character of sensing. Hence the impression of reality is the only act constituted by two moments: impression (sensing) and reality (intellective knowing). This apprehension is a sensing, but not a pure sensing as in the animal, but an intellective sensing, a sensing in which reality is sensed as reality. Man has this human sensing which the animal lacks, but also has a sensing which is purely on an animal level of stimulation in certain zones of his reality. Animal sensing is certainly a sensing "of man", but is not a "human" sensing. In human sensing, the sensing is already a mode of intellective knowing, and intellective knowing is already a mode of sensing reality. Sensing and intellective knowing are thus not two acts, either successive {14} or concurrent; nor are they partial acts. Rather, they are two structural moments of a single act. This unique structure is therefore sentient intelligence, a formal structural unity whose only act is just the impressive actualization of the real.
Since it pertains of its own to what is apprehended, it follows that this formality of reality has two aspects, one opening onto what is apprehended, the other onto the sentient intelligence. The first aspect submerges us in and makes us penetrate into the real itself. The second, on the other hand, leads us to submerge ourselves in the intellection itself. This is what is important to us here, although the two aspects neither are nor can be independent.
The formality of reality is open qua reality; a single impression of reality encompasses the most diverse contents. This openness is transcendentality; it is not a concept of maximal universality, but a physical commonness of reality and therefore a moment of communication. In virtue of this openness, each thing is de suyo real only with respect to others; i.e., every real thing opens onto a field of reality. This does not refer to an extrinsic relation among things but to the moment formally constitutive of the openness of each real thing as real. Each real thing has, then, two moments. One, the individual moment (so to speak) of its own reality; the other, the moment of opening up or onto a field, the moment of field nature. They are two moments of a single reality; everything real is individually and in this field-sense real, and is always apprehended in these two moments.
Thus we have here what intellective knowing is, viz. the mere actualization of the real in sentient intelligence.
This intellection has diverse modes, i.e. diverse manners of actualization in the sentient intelligence {15} qua intellection, determined, as I said in Part I, by the respectivity of reality itself, by the modes of actualization.
Above all, there is the primary and radical mode, what I have termed the primordial apprehension of reality. This primordiality comprises two characteristics. First, what is apprehended is actualized directly, immediately, and unitarily (despite its possible complexity of content, for example in the case of a landscape). This is the apprehension of the real in and by itself. The reality thus actualized has twin moments, individual and in a field; but they are apprehended indivisibly as moments of a real thing itself. This is what I term the compact apprehension of reality. But primordial apprehension has a second characteristic: it not only apprehends the real compactly in and by itself, but moreover apprehends it "only" in and by itself. The "only" is the modal characteristic of the primordial apprehension of reality.
But there are other modes which are ulterior modalizations of this primordial apprehension. The real, in fact, can be apprehended not only as something which has the characteristic of being in a field, but also as something which, by opening up a field, is included in it. Thus the real is not only apprehended as being in a field, but the field itself is apprehended in the same way, i.e. by means of the field which the real has determined. The moment of being in a field which in the primordial apprehension is actualized compactly together with the individual moment, is now autonomized so to speak with respect to the individual moment. The field is no longer just a compact moment of the real thing, but is the ambit of reality, an ambit which encompasses many real things. Thus each real thing should be intellectively known therein not just in and by itself but also with respect to the other {16} realities of the field. In this way we intellectively know not just that the thing is real but moreover what the real thing is in reality. This "in reality" is an ulterior modalization of the intellection of the thing as real.
Now, the actualization of a thing (i.e. one already intellectively known as real) within the ambit of reality of other things is the intellection which we call logos. It is the intellection of what a real thing is in reality, i.e. with respect to other real things. This logos is a mode of sentient intellection. It is above all a mode of intellection by being a mere actualization of the real in the sentient intelligence; this mode is a "re-actualization". As such, the logos is an intellective moment. But this real thing is reactualized in a movement which bears it to others, and in function of them; only thus is a real thing reactualized. In accordance with this moment the logos is an impressive movement; it is the sentient moment. In it is where what the real thing is in reality is re-actualized. Hence it follows that the logos is sentient intellection; it is a sentient logos. The sentient logos is intellection within a field; it is a modalization of the impression of reality. To intellectively know what something is in reality is to restore the unity of the field nature moment and the individual moment of the real.
It is essential to observe that we are not dealing with a process but with a structure. When one intellectively knows what something is in reality after having intellectively known it as real, this 'after' does not mean that what one does is to "set oneself" to the task of intellectively knowing what that thing is in reality. The intelligence does not "set itself" the task of understanding what something is in reality; rather that task is already thrust upon it by reality itself, by the unity of its individual and field aspects. It is reality itself which, upon being apprehended as real, determines its {17} intellection "in" the unity of the field-nature moment and the individual moment. This is not an act which starts from me, but rather is a mode of actualization which starts from reality itself qua formally sensed reality. It is the sensed character of the real which necessarily determines us to understand what something is in reality.
To be sure, the real is not respective only to other things which are real within a field; it is at one and the same time respective to other real things qua real, i.e. qua of the world. World is the respective unity of everything real qua real. But I shall deal with the world and its respectivity to the field in Part III of the book. The second part is devoted to the sentient intelligence as logos: Intelligence and Logos.
This study will be conducted in three sections:
Section 1. The intellection of things in the field of reality.
Section 2. The formal structure of sentient logos I: logos as movement, as dynamic structure.
Section 3. The formal structure of sentient logos II: logos as mediated intellection. {18}
{19}
SECTION I
INTELLECTION OF THINGS IN THE FIELD OF REALITY
In order to study the intellection of things in the field of reality, we must start from a conceptualization of that field. Every real thing has two moments in its formality of reality: the moment of individual reality and the moment of reality within a field. Hence, the field is a dimensional moment of a real thing. This field-nature moment can be considered in different ways. The field is something determined by each real thing, and this determination has two aspects. One, the most obvious, is that of being actually determined by the real thing itself; the other, that of being something which, determined by each thing, is a field which encompasses all sensed real things. According to the first aspect, reality is something open in itself, and according to the second aspect it is something which includes all things, it is the ambit of reality. Comparing the field to light, we might say that a real thing is above all a source of light, it is luminous, it is what bathes the field in light. But seeing that a thing is luminous is not the same thing as seeing that all other things, and the illuminator itself, are illuminated by the light which emanates from this real thing. The light from the illuminator insofar as it is such is a note determined by this luminous thing. But if we consider the light as something which illuminates real things, then this light is no longer just a note of each thing, but an ambit which encompasses everything {20} in the ambit of illumination, including the source of light itself. It is indeed not the same thing to see how the light shines forth from the luminous thing as it is to see this thing asilluminating, as spreading its light over everything else. In this comparison, the light is the field. And through its being determined by each thing, when I apprehend something in primordial apprehension, I do so not just in its moment of individual formality, but also in the moment of its formality within a field. This is true both with respect to its aspect of being a note of the illuminator, as in its aspect of being an illuminating source of reality. It is the compact unity of these two aspects.
Granting this, if we apprehend things in the field of reality we can in turn apprehend them in two ways. One, as things which are included in the field; this is to intellectively know them as of field-nature. But we can also apprehend them as a function of the field in which they are included; this is to intellectively know them in the field sense, i.e., from within the field. Apprehending a thing in a field is proper to the primordial apprehension of reality. Apprehending it from within the field is proper to the logos.
Hence there are two steps in our problem:
1. The field of reality.
2. The real as intellectively known from within the field.
They will be the themes of the next two chapters, respectively.
CONTENTS HOMEAnalysis of the Significance of Othello’s last speech Essay
Analysis of the Significance of Othello’s last speech the light that Othello would to misinterpret himself and his motives in order to retain his noble and righteous reputation. He says that he is “not easily jealous”. However, the notion that jealousy has the power to destroy is a significant theme of the play. His jealousy that Desdemona might love Cassio is a major part of his downfall. Despite claiming to be one not easily jealous, not only is his better judgement quickly overcome by his jealousy when Iago first begins to make the allegations, but he lets his jealousy take over and his jealousy begins to control his actions.
Also, he says that he has been “wrought, / Perplexed in the extreme”, and although it is undeniable that he has been deceived by Iago, as mentioned above, he lends himself to being “wrought” as quickly realises that Othello’s jealousy is his weakness. With Iago quickly realising very early on in the play that jealousy is Othello’s weakness, it is obvious that it is simply a mere attempt to keep his reputation intact that Othello denies that he is not easily jealous and that the opposite is true.
Othello also claims that he is one who “Drops tears as fast as the Arabian trees / Their medicinable gum” However, Othello was so consumed by jealousy and thus anger that, although he did love Desdemona, he showed little emotion immediately after killing his wife. He had already set up the murder in an execution-style killing, and was not sorry afterwards until he had found out that he was in fact wrong. Again, we see another misinterpretation by Othello in an attempt to Romanticise and justify his actions.
Othello likens his action of killing Desdemona to that of an “Indian, [throwing] a pearl away / Richer than all his tribe”. Although this is a beautiful metaphor indicative that Othello has once again returned to his mastery of language, it fails to encompass the cruel and gruesome action that Othello had just carried out. Desdemona is represented by the pearl and so once again, there is a biblical resonance, with the pearl, being perfectly spherical and white, representing Desdemona’s purity and perfection. Again, we see Othello downplaying his own actions and representing a gruesome execution with beautiful imagery. Thus, it is very difficult to see the passage as anything but an attempt by Othello to die with some honour and reputation. Despite being filled with beautiful and heroic language and imagery, the passage is ultimately contradictory and misleading and in the end, not an accurate description of the true events of the play.
This passage is especially significant in relation to the play as a whole as it is the characteristic “recognition speech” of a Shakespearean tragedy. Having finally realised, albeit too late, that he has made a mistake for which he must now live with, Othello has finally regained his natural ability with language. No longer is he bumbling along muttering lines such as “O fool, fool, fool!”, but his language is once again coherent and elegant. He has regained his composure and sets upon sentencing himself to death, through confessing and then killing himself. This action reiterates in the audience’s mind the sense of tragic loss and thus ends the tragic play.
B
Subject: tragedy, William Shakespeare,
University/College: University of California
Type of paper: Thesis/Dissertation Chapter
Date: 7 July 2016
Words:
Pages:
Let us write you a custom essay sample on Analysis of the Significance of Othello’s last speech
for only $16.38 $13.9/page
your testimonials
Inspiration Everywhere: Handspun Yarn in Tapestry Weaving
(Plus: How to Weave on a Cardboard Box)
It is a great pleasure of social media to watch artisans at work. Agile spinners take their hands off the spinning wheel or drop spindle long enough to snap a photo or shoot a video, and we get to watch them spinning yarn or knitting or weaving or what have you.
One of my favorite people to watch is handspinner and tapestry weaver Sarah Swett. (Sarah is also one of the few to maintain her blog regularly, posting words and photos each week.)
I recently looked back 20 years into Spin Off’s archives and found a series of articles about weaving tapestry written by and about Sarah. The look of Sarah’s work has evolved over the years, but her passion for spinning the yarn—knowing her work from the very source—has not.
“I can produce miles of relatively consistent yarn, but I do not consider myself to be an innovator or a perfectionist. The pleasure is in the process, the rhythm, the feeling of the yarn forming between my fingers. While I learn more about spinning with each skein of yarn and with every issue of Spin Off, it is my connection with the fiber itself—its history, its characteristics, and how best to use it—that continues to grow. This connection feeds my continued commitment to the simplicity and beauty of the process, to the tools that I use, and to the spinners with whom I spend time.” —Sarah Swett, “Tapestry Weaving,” Spin Off Winter 1997
How to Weave a Bag on a Cardboard Box
In the Winter 1997 issue of Spin Off, Sarah shared directions for weaving a sturdy tapestry bag on a cardboard box; here’s an excerpt. For complete directions, check out the issue.
Warping: Start at one corner on one of the long sides. Leave a tail of yarn on the inside. Bring the warp through the first notch, down the side, across the bottom, and up the other side to the corresponding notch. Hook the warp in this notch and back out the adjacent one. Wrap back to the next empty notch on the opposite side.
Warping: Continue until both opposite long sides and the bottom of the box have been warped. Do not cut the warp. Measure out enough additional yarn to warp the other two sides of the box and the bottom again. Leave all of this dangling from the last notch.
Weaving bottom and final stage of warping: With weft, weave 1/4” on bottom, starting on the side of the box where the warp is hanging. After weaving 1/4”, thread the reserved warp in a needle and weave it through next to the weft. Alternate sections of 1/4” plain weave in weft with warp ends, securing warp in notches along both short sides of the box as you did on the long sides.
Weaving sides: End the last weft pick of the bottom at the corner where the extra warp is available. Make one extra warp end at this corner so there are an odd number of warp ends in the circumference of the box. Begin to weave around the box. Weave both up from the bottom and down from the top (it’s easier to work the last picks of the sides in the middle, rather than at the top by the loops).
—Anne Merrow
Originally posted on 12/05/2016Easter Egg Party & Egg HuntSaturday, March 24, 2018 1:30-3 PM
Who: Mayfield Village residents and their family members only
When: Saturday, March 24, 2018
Where: Mayfield Village Civic Center
Cost: $4.00 per child and must pre-register.
Pre-Reg only: 2/27-3/14 through Recreation Department
•Don by the Mayfield Village Civic CenterCardiff Devils had mixed fortunes over their first weekend of domestic ice hockey action.
Player-coach Andrew Lord and his players earned a 5-2 home win against Milton Keynes Lightning before crashing 8-4 against Guildford Flames away..
Match stats: Devils v Lightning.
Scorers:
Devils: Paul Crowder 1+0, Gleason Fournier 1+0, Patrick Asselin 1+1, Andrew Hotham 1+0, Matt Pope 1+0, Mark Richardson 0+1, Matthew Myers 0+1, Joey Haddad 0+1, Sean Bentivoglio 0+2, Joey Martin 0+1.
Lightning: Christian Isackson 1+0, Paul Phillips 1+0, B Foster 0+1, A Tait 0+1, A Forbes 0+1
Period scores (Devils first): 2-1; 2-1 (4-2); 1-0 (5-2).
Shots on goal: Devils (on Wiikman) 12+13+13=37; Lightning (on Bowns) 13+7+7=27.
Penalties in minutes: Devils 17, Lightning 31.
Powerplays: Devils 1/8; Lightning 1/6.
Referees: Mike Hicks and Matt Rose.
Attendance: 2,917.
Stars of the game: Devil, Patrick Asselin; Lightning, Carl Hudson.
Match stats: Flames v Devils
Scorers:
Flames: Ian Watters 3+0, Carl Ackered 1+2, John Dunbar 1+1, Rhett Rachinski 1+1, Tomas Nechala 1+0, David Karlsson 1+1, Ben Davies 0+2, Brennan Yadlowski 0+1, Kruise Reddick 0+2, Jesse Craige 0+2, Ben Campbell 0+1, Kevin Phillips 0+1, Mikhael Lidhammer 0+1.
Devils: Joey Martin 1+0, Drew Paris 2+0, Gleason Fournier 1+0, Joey Haddad 0+1, Patrick Asselin 0+1, Sean Bentivoglio 0+1.
Period scores (Flames first): 2-1; 2-2 (4-3); 4-1 (8-4).
Penalties in minutes: Flames 4+4+7=15; Devils 4+6+13=23.
Powerplays: Flames 2/7; Devils 1/5.
Shots on goal: Flames (on Murdy)16+13+11=40; Devils (on Wiikman) 12+15+11=38.
Referee: Jan Smejkal.
Ticket information for Devils’ home matches is available online via the Cardiff Devils official website or by phoning 0800 0842 666. They can also be purchased in person from the main reception at Ice Arena Wales.Nuclear power and climate change
This information paper addresses the first of those arguments - the limitations of nuclear power as a climate change abatement strategy.
A limited response
Nuclear power is used almost exclusively for electricity generation. (A very small number of reactors are used for heat co-generation and desalination.) Electricity is responsible for less than one third of global greenhouse gas emissions. According to the Uranium Institute, the figure is “about 30%”.2 That fact alone puts pay to the simplistic view that nuclear power alone can ‘solve’ climate change. According to a senior energy analyst with the International Atomic Energy Agency, Alan McDonald: “Saying that nuclear power can solve global warming by itself is way over the top”.
Ian Hore-Lacy from the Uranium Information Centre (UIC) claims that a doubling of nuclear power would reduce greenhouse emissions in the power sector by 25%.4 That figure is reduced to a 7.5% reduction if considering the impact on overall emissions rather than just the power sector. The figure needs to be further reduced because the UIC makes no allowance for the considerable time that would be required to double nuclear output. Electricity generation is projected to increase over the coming decades so the contribution of a fixed additional input of nuclear power has a relatively smaller impact. Overall, it is highly unlikely that a doubling of global nuclear power would reduce emissions by more than 5%.
Moreover, that modest climate dividend assumes that coal is the reference point. But compared to most renewable energy sources and to energy efficiency measures, nuclear power produces more greenhouse emissions per unit energy produced or saved, in addition to its legacy of nuclear waste and the weapons proliferation risks.
Proliferation and security concerns
A very large increase in nuclear power, of the scale necessary to make a significant dent in greenhouse emissions, would create an enormous security and non-proliferation challenge. Feiveson6 calculates that with a ten-fold increase in nuclear output, 700 tonnes of plutonium would be produced annually – sufficient for about 70,000 nuclear weapons (or 3.5 million weapons over a 50-year reactor lifespan).
The UN’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has considered a scenario involving a ten-fold increase in nuclear power output over this century, and calculated that this could produce 50-100 thousand tonnes of plutonium. The IPCC concluded that the security threat would be “colossal.”
Former US Vice President Al Gore said in May 2006 that: “For eight years in the White House, every weaponsproliferation.”
A temporary response: limited conventional uranium reserves
A very large increase in nuclear output would run up against the problem of limited known conventional uranium reserves.
According to the Nuclear Energy Agency (NEA) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the total known recoverable uranium reserves – reasonably assured reserves and estimated additional reserves which can be extracted at a cost of less than US$80/kg – amount to 3.5 million tones.9. The NEA and IAEA estimate the total of all conventional reserves to be about 14.4 million tones.10 The OECD estimates that about 16 million tonnes of uranium are recoverable at costs less than US$260 per kilogram, including 12 million tonnes of “speculative resources”.11
November 2006
Uranium reserves in the range of 14-16 million tonnes would suffice for about 200 years at the current rate of consumption – but significantly less if nuclear power is to expand to the extent that it makes anything more than a minor contribution to climate change abatement.
Large amounts of uranium are also contained in ‘unconventional sources’ such as granite (4 parts per million), sedimentary rock (2 ppm) and seawater (up to 4000 million tonnes at 0.003 ppm).12 It is doubtful whether uranium could be economically recovered from unconventional sources, and the extraction of uranium from such ultralow-grade ores raises further concerns in relation to the amount of energy required to extract the uranium and the greenhouse emissions expended.
Further reading:
Ian Lowe, 2005, Is nuclear power part of Australia’s global warming solutions?, Address to the National Press Club,.
Friends of the Earth et al., 2005, Nuclear Power: No Solution to Climate Change,
Pete Roche, April 2005, Is Nuclear Power a Solution to Climate Change,,.
Brice Smith, 2006, Insurmountable Risks: The Dangers of Using Nuclear Power to Combat Global Climate Change,.
Mycle Schneider (WISE Paris), April 2000, Climate Change and Nuclear Power, published by World Wide Fund for Nature,
About the author:
Jim Green is the national nuclear campaigner with Friends of the Earth. He has an honours degree in public health and a PhD in science and technology studies for his doctoral thesis on the Lucas Heights research reactor debates. He is the author of the September 2005 report, ‘Nuclear Power: No Solution to Climate Change’, available at:.THE Official Campaign for Scottish Independence was accused of facing a split after its leader said he would not support a second question on “enhanced devolution” – despite the First Minister suggesting it was a “very attractive” option.
Alex Salmond is facing pressure to reveal what questions will be on the independence referendum in 2014, but has not ruled out the possibility of a “devo-max” option.
Opponents are now claiming this goes against his own campaign, with Blair Jenkins, the new chief executive of Yes Scotland, saying: “We will be campaigning for independence.”
Richard Baker MSP said: “The independence camp is split. Blair Jenkins is only interested in campaigning on the single issue of independence while Alex Salmond is only interested in saving face by introducing a second question into the debate because he knows he can’t win the first question.”Every year following the winter break, my kids (and I) have to go through an intense detox. I’m not talking about a juice cleanse or any of those other New Year’s resolution-style detoxes, I’m talking about just weaning off the mayhem of the holidays.
We detox off sugar because eating candy for three meals a day really isn’t a long-term diet. We detox off attention because once grandma and the cousins are gone, it’s just me, and I’m not running a one-woman carnival here. And we detox off late nights because that alarm clock is going off bright and early for school.
That last one is proving difficult this year after two weeks of sleepovers with cousins and a general absence of routine. And my kids, never wanting to miss a chance to negotiate, are wondering if maybe it’s time to push back their bedtimes.
So, I’ve been crunching the numbers based on recommendations by the American Academy of Sleep Medicine (that’s right, I brought out the science).
The group recommends:
• Infants get 12-16 hours a day of sleep (including naps)
• Children 1-2 years of age sleep 11-14 hours (including naps)
• Children 3-5 years old get 10-13 hours
• Children 6-12 need 9-12 hours of sleep
• Teenagers up to age 18 sleep 8-10 hours
According to those numbers, my school-age children’s 8:30 p.m. and 8:50 p.m. bedtimes are just about right.
Of course, that is just the time they are in bed, and not the time they actually fall asleep. We can’t forget about last-minute water breaks, bathroom runs, mysterious bumps and lumps that need immediate diagnosing and the perennial favorite: I saw a shadow move in the hallway and can’t sleep ever again.
Who knows how much actual sleep my children are getting. So, I went searching for more info that specifically addressed the bedtime situation.
Then, I found the “Growing Up in Australia” study that came out a few years ago. Basically, the study found that children who go to bed earlier (asleep by 8:30 p.m.) have better health-related quality of life, and their mothers have improved mental health when the children are about 7 years old. These health benefits for mom and child were seen regardless of when the children woke up.
This may not be news to many of you moms out there. Earlier bedtime = mom’s sanity. But this is science, people. Science.
So I went back to my children, equipped with my research to tell them the hard truth: Bedtime will not be changing. I’ve got their quality of life to think about, after all, not to mention my own mental health. What choice do I have?
Don’t argue with me, little ones, argue with science. You’ll thank me one day. No, no you probably won’t, but that’s OK. The sound of a sleeping house by 9 p.m. is all the thanks I need. Well, except for the kid who forgot a drink of water. And the one who heard a weird clunk-clunk noise. Or the baby who woke up when his sister was investigating the clunking.
But then, silence. Sleep. Sanity.
Science for the win.
How do you decide bedtimes in your house?B made a roast dinner with greens. I used the beef to make my sandwiches for tomorrow and dipped the remainder of the greens in the butter I’d microwaved for my sandwiches. My brain wiring has been changed to make a healthier me as my thoughts are ‘So who wants chocolates?’
Advertisements
I’ll have your chocolates if you don’t want them.Photo Capture is Another Big Leap for Survey Technology For land surveyors, and other mapping and measurement professionals, photo capture of 3D environments can seem like yet another sudden and threatening arrival of a disruptive technology—GNSS, robotic total stations, RTK, laser scanning, and UAS all come to mind. On the one hand, the use of just a ‘pretty good’ digital camera, plus software, to create... Read morePHILADELPHIA, Oct. 3 (UPI) -- A lecturer at the University of Pennsylvania's Wharton School of business says studies show men with shaved heads are perceived as better leaders.
There's apparently something about a man with a shaved head that projects masculinity. Maybe it's the testosterone.
"I'm not saying that shaving your head makes you successful, but it starts the conversation that you've done something active," tech entrepreneur Seth Godin, told The Wall Street Journal.
In one experiment, Wharton researcher Albert Mannes showed 344 people photos of the same man, one with hair and the other with a digitally photo-shopped bald head.
The test subjects said they perceived the bald man as more dominant. Men with thinning hair were perceived as least attractive and powerful.
Mannes' three tests were the basis for his study "Shorn Scalps and Perceptions of Male Dominance," published online and in the coming issue of the journal Social Psychological and Personality Science.
Amazon.com Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos, Netscape founder Marc Andreessen, and Dreamworks Animation chief Jeffery Katzenberg, have all sported bald or closely clipped pates.Sword-wielding group attacks factory workers
Two garment workers were seriously injured after four men attacked them with swords in the capital’s Meanchey district on Thursday. The victims said they and three other workers had earlier argued with their factory chief, who had called her husband about the argument. When the workers were returning home, four men approached them on motorcycles and hacked them before speeding off. The victims said they suspected the chief’s husband was behind the attack. Koh Santepheap
Man robbed of money, motorbike at gunpoint
A 25-year-old man was robbed of his motorbike and a month’s salary at gunpoint on Friday while on his way home in the capital’s Tuol Kork district. The victim said he was driving home when four men on two motos trailed him. They then robbed him of his moto, mobile and wallet. Police are searching for the suspects. Nokorwat
Pair of informants tip off cops to ‘drug dealer’
Poipet town military police in Banteay Meanchey province arrested a man, 35, for allegedly delivering illegal drugs on Friday. Police said they had been tipped off by two men arrested the day before with five packages of ya ma on them. Police raided the suspect’s rented room and arrested him after finding two packages of ya ma and other equipment for packaging and taking drugs. Koh Santepheap
Neighbours intervene, help nab pair of thieves
Two men, aged 17 and 21, were apprehended on Thursday for allegedly attempting to steal from a moto garage in the capital’s Chamkarmon district. Police said the two suspects snuck onto the premises while the garage owner was sleeping. A neighbour saw them and shouted to alert the owner. Other neighbours then caught the suspects and turned them over to officials. Police confiscated a moto from the suspects, who confessed they had stolen from that garage more than 10 times before. Kampuchea Thmey
Duo charged with theft after stealing necklace
Two men, both aged 23, were charged with burglary by the Phnom Penh Municipal Court on Friday. Police said the suspects, one of whom is a medical student, snatched a necklace on Tuesday from a 65-year-old woman while she was walking to a market in the capital’s Prampi Makara district. The victim shouted to alert a nearby police officer as the suspects were fleeing on a motorcycle. Police pursued and arrested the pair, who admitted to the charges, saying they lacked money to buy illegal drugs. Rasmey KampucheaBioM: Ochek, Sally
#2 (1938)
Contact: Marsha Hosfeld
Surnames: Ochek, Eppers, Novak, Daniels, Biegler, Brady, Lang, Zinthefer, Murn, Marinsek, LeDue, Dolan
----Source: ABBOTSFORD TRIBUNE (Abbotsford, Clark Co., WI) 13 OCT 1938
Ochek, Sally (Marriage - 8 OCT 1938)
In St. Mary’s Church, Greenwood, Miss Sally Ochek, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George Ochek of Thorp became the bride of Everett Eppers, son of Mr. and Mrs. Jack Eppers of Stanley, Saturday morning at 8:30 o’clock.
A solemn nuptial high mass was sung for the bridal couple by the Rev. J. Novak, pastor. He was assisted by the Rev. William Daniels, Cashton, as deacon, and the Rev. Joseph Biegler, Neillsville, as sub deacon. Other priests present in the sanctuary were the Rev. Charles Brady, Abbotsford; the Rev. J. L. Lang, Colby; the Rev. A. Zinthefer, Loyal; and the Rev. Ansel Murn and the Rev. Marsalle Marinsek, Willard.
The bride, who was given in marriage by her father, wore a white transparent velvet gown designed on princess lines. Her finger tip veil of white tulle was worn over her face until after the exchange of their marriage vows. She carried an arm bouquet of white flowers.
Leading the bridal procession to the strains of Lohengrin’s wedding march was the matron-of-honor, Mrs. E. LeDue, Eau Claire, a sister of the bride. Her gown was of pink chiffon, floor length. She wore silver slippers, a headband (unreadable) flowers and carried a bouquet of mixed flowers.
The bridesmaids were Miss Helen Ochek of Thorp, sister of the bride, and Miss Hazel Eppers of Stanley, sister of the groom. Both wore taffeta frocks, floor length, in blue and green respectively with flowered headbands. They wore silver slippers and carried bouquets of mixed flowers.
Kenneth Eppers, of Stanley, was his brother’s only attendant.
During the ceremony Mrs. Clarence Dolan of Abbotsford sang an "Ave Maria."
After the mass, a wedding breakfast was served to the bridal party at the parsonage. Dinner was served at the home of the bride’s parents with covers laid for 70. Blue, green, pink and white streamers of crepe paper and fall flowers decorated the home.
In the evening a wedding dance was given at Black River Tourist Park, Withee.
Mr. and Mrs. Eppers are making their home in Stanley, where the groom is engaged in farming.PagePool and its derived classes are used by servers to generate page information (name, size, modification time, lifetime, etc.), by caches to describe which pages are in storage, and by clients to generate a request stream. Figure 32.3 provides an overview of the class hierarchy here.
Among these, class PagePool/Client is mostly used by caches to store pages and other cache-related information; other three classes are used by servers and clients. In the following we describe these classes one by one.!
Today we are going to continue with our prepper basics series and discuss food storage for beginners. Specifically, we’re going to go over a step-by-step plan that can help you build and responsibly maintain a 6 month stockpile of food.
Give generously to your local food bank this holiday season, and make sure you’re giving the stuff they really need.
Our agency is hosting a virtual food drive to benefit Food Bank of the Rockies through September Please help us support this worthy organization and join us in helping Coloradans who are uncertain from where their next meal will come.
How to Start a Food Bank. A food bank is an organization that takes nonperishable food donations and distributes them to agencies or individuals in need of food.
Too many people eat on the streets - Israeli Food bank, by Shalmor Avnon Amichay/Y Tel Aviv Agency
Tips on What to Donate to a Food Pantry - Organized 31 Charitable pay-it-forward idea.July 2, 2009
RE: File Number S7-09-09
Clients of most Registered Investment Advisors custody their assets with an unaffiliated third-party brokerage firm or trust company. Advisory fee deductions are requested by the RIA from client accounts, and the third-party custodian monitors and places limitations (typically a maximum 2% of account value) on these fee deductions before performing them. They then report these fee deductions on monthly statements that are delivered by them directly to their clients.
This process strictly limits the RIA's access to any client funds, provides tight oversight by a third party, and ensures timely notification to the client.
RIA's who use their own affiliated broker-dealer are already subjected to surprise audits by an independent CPA.
The proposed costly burden will not make client money any safer. It will, however, adversely impact small independent RIAs by substantially increasing their cost of doing business. These are the very practitioners who offer individuals the lowest cost and most highly personalized financial advice.
Consequently, the proposed rule change will act to the detriment rather than benefit of consumers.
RIA's are already heavily regulated. Indeed, compliance with existing regulations is very expensive and time consuming for the small entrepreneur advisor. Adding additional and unnecessary regulatory burdens will ultimately serve only to reduce competition and force consumers to turn to the large broker-dealer firms where 98% of all disciplinary actions are initiated -- and which are regulated by FINRA, who failed to adequately monitor Madoff's affiliated broker-dealer firm (it was his broker-dealer firm and not his RIA firm who actually defrauded investors by generating false account statements and he was, in fact, audited by an independent CPA firm).Hi,
For my Pop over, I'd like to set "Visit via specific referrer."
When I drag and drop this option, there is an entry window that
has the word "Array" in it.
What goes here?
- WP conditional tags?
- URL?
Thanks!
P.S.
As a suggestion, when entering a post like this - and using the "Pick a plugin or theme" drop down, it is often hard to find the right plug-in.
For example, when looking for Pop over, it doesn't seem logical to me to search for "The" Pop Over. I invariably end up wasting time when trying to "pick a theme or plug-in."Thanksgivings for me have changed over the years as I’ve matured. Sure there are some foods that are tradition – turkey, dressing, gravy, cranberries (real whole not that can shaped jelly), rolls, and such. But things evolve as the years went on.
Thanksgivings when I was growing up meant I’d see my maternal grandparents. It meant dressing up in Sunday clothes. It meant the best china got used. It meant in the morning the Macy’s Thanksgiving Parade would be on TV. I loved watching it. It meant Pappaw (my maternal grandfather pronounced PAP-paw) would watch football and Dad would nap. It meant turkey sandwiches for a week. Mom would make turkey and rice soup from the dark meat we all shunned.
Then I got married. I took over cooking and through the years developed my take on the standard menu items. Mike mocked the parade so for years I didn’t have it. Then I got a TV in the kitchen. You can guess what I watch now. Yes when the men are required to enter the kitchen for their food duties. Another ‘new’ tradition I founded. They must watch the Macy’s parade with me!
There for a few years after Aaron was born we tried to commute back to Tennessee and the grandparents. However 12-13 hour drive usually the weekend the first snow flies led to many tales of us getting snowbound on the road. Also trying to see both sets of parents on a four day weekend where two days are consumed by driving IF the weather is good. Given Aaron didn’t get out of school until Wednesday afternoon – OY VEY it was too much. No Thanksgivings are now here in Kenosha watching the Chicago traffic snarl in the first snow on TV and cooking food to feed us for four days.
Thanksgiving has changed but the core things have stayed the same. It’s about family. I’ve moved from being the child to being the mother. From being an eater to being planner and head cook. Recipes have gone through shifts to accommodate merging of family traditions, our tastes, and Aaron’s need for two potatoes sweet and white on Thanksgiving. Yet in the end it’s about being home, eating well, Oh and watching the Macy’s Thanksgiving Parade dammit!Billy Forbes celebrates his goal (Photo: Darren Abate/San Antonio FC)
Santos Laguna has managed to defeat San Antonio FC on penalties following a 1-1 draw at Toyota Field on Saturday night.
It was the first international friendly in San Antonio FC history and the club did well, pushing Santos Laguna all the way to penalties. Unfortunately San Antonio FC continues their poor run with penalty shootouts falling 4-3 on penalties bringing their shootout record to 0-2.
“Obviously, it was an international friendly, but it was the first for our club. I think the players did very well. They worked as a unit and were compact, and we couldn’t ask anything more from them. It was a pleasure to play such a prestigious opponent.” Said San Antonio FC assistant coach Andy Tomson, who filled in for Darren Powell, away on his US Pro License course.
While the friendly was essentially meaningless it allowed players to play in to some form, most notably San Antonio FC’s struggling striker Billy Forbes. Forbes finally scored his first goal in months as he beat the defense and shot low past the keeper to open the scoring. Forbes night was made even better after the final whistle when he proposed to his girlfriend, Athenians player Michelle Hogan, which she accepted.
The match was tight throughout with Santos Laguna stunned to be trailing to an American second division side. San Antonio FC showed why they have one of the best defences in North America as they kept Santos Laguna out.
In the 68th minute the equalizer finally game as Oscar Mazanarez found space and was able to get the ball in to the box. That ball found Emiliano Armentaros who got on the end of the ball and just beat Diego Restrepo with the shot, to set up a thrilling finish.
San Antonio held out to full time, which then sent the match to penalties, with the first shot from each side saved, including Forbes. The second and third went in before both teams missed their fourth, Diego de Buen scored his shot in the sixth round, meaning Cyprian Hedrick had to score, but his effort was saved giving Santos the win.west county mall st louis hours, big brother show in uk... avenue center east medical philippine 2007 23 january missouri springfield? le importa a dios que religion tengamos, brothers and sisters tv programme! a small business loan or: amish furniture stores in wisconsin... torrent galaxy to call of duty macaroni and cheese with beer in it 10 rules of sam walton. commandements de dieu dix les millett long range scope lrs: kenneth cole reaction watch ebay. cheap stainless steel trash can 1020 n san vicente west hollywood chris brown world music awards.
be a redneck by jeff foxworthy, monsters inc large boo doll... the battle of fort wagner cane d caccia al cinghiale; new mexico secretary of state search. banana butterscotch dumplings in sauce car chevy race sale vega. things that don t belong face casting step by step make grammatically complete sentences without them. a tribe called quest tour date uni ball vision elite gel pens. brussel sprouts with balsamic glaze motor home rentals in alabama? basketball coaching game practice years: a timeline on abelardo vasquez lambertvill new hope free bridge?
kitchen step stools for TEENs: directory panasonic 2003 car stereos! uses of chemicals from plants walk away and i stumble tv drama... pledge of allegiance to the texas flag; beach club fethiye lycia turkey death 2007 dvdrip xvid espise. 6 candle inch opening ring war in the mind lyrics. 5 volt 2 amp power: o brien nova wakeboard bindings. 3 strikes you re out law, las vegas hotel and tour. basilique coeur du paris sacre; hero in the 21st century.
make a vaporizer with a light bulb... newport jazz festival duke ellington card mobile phone sim t. hannah montana birthday party invitations afi film media new reader. putting on a funny skit: you got a friend mcfly... louise. l. hay spirituality chat kevin thornton color me bad, united states advanced battery consortium. short summary of mice and men, 2 duo e6850 vs core 2 quad. cranberry juice urinary tract health driver best data data fax modem... cool electric griddle presto touch: types of central heating boiler?
all cars on need for speed carbon for your eyes only security. mail muller london co ukexchange, alcoholics anonymous los angeles meeting directory, executive benefit programs inc. diamond bar. carolina forecast manteo marine north: ventricular septum defect detected in ultrasound, 17 onn lcd tv a017lc... mansao foster para amigos imaginarios: building building expanding fifth people resource team... how to calculate reliability coefficients; brush corel download free paint shop. alpha kappa alpha sorority song college of law elite blackboard, mary and elizabeth and brown. annual inflation rate united states, witch hunter robin songs download, 2008 bobby flay throwdown rematch miami?Granulators
Granulators – the ideal technology for the concept of several machines in a line or for use as a single machine – especially for plants for effective recovery of reusable waste. The efficient gate shears principle guarantees the defined size reduction of various materials in a single pass. Tires, cables or electronic scrap (WEEE), aluminium, shredder light fraction (SLF), oil filters, etc.
Rotor and stator are equipped with high quality solid knives. The material is cleanly sheared off between rotor and stator – a defined granulate is formed by the perforated sieves mounted below the rotor. The highly efficient gate shears principle works with very small cutting gaps – a precondition for optimal performances and best separation of materials.
Different variants of the equipment for the gate shears principle allow the preparation of a variety of different granulates, depending on the material. Owing to their solid construction, the granulators from ERDWICH have extremely long service lives.Quality makes the point.
Proven granulator technology which pays off:
- Knives made of high-quality shears steel
- Highest precision due to smallest cutting gaps up to <0,1 mm
- Ideal disposition of rotor and stator for optimal separation results with varying materials
- Knives fourfold reversible on rotor and stator, easy to replace
- Supplement for wear within the cutting system
- Patented protection system relating to the cutting gear being blocked by foreign materials
- Quickly replaceable perforated sieve/grid system
- Very heavy duty, torsion resistant housing construction
- Throughput rates of up to 10 to/h
- Electric or hydraulic drives with rotation speed control
To Know More about Granulators Please click hereWith politics (read more here and here).
For proponents of perceived “biblical truth,” it is believed that Christians have few greater responsibilities than to vote evil out of office. For skeptics of the “program,” it is yet another example of how the church has become too political. According to the book UnChristian, those who have left the church and want nothing to do with it, claim the church’s overt political involvement to be a major turnoff.
The editors of The Christian Century – who jointly wrote this article – claim that there is harm in this kind of preaching form the pulpit:
When the church has nothing more to say than what could be said in a political stump speech, the church has surely lost it’s distinctive voice. It also has forgotten that people come to church wanting and needing something quite different from the campaign speeches and ads that they’ve been hearing all week.
There is no denying that a person’s involvement in their particular civic establishment is important. Jesus even said, “Give to Caesar.” However, a Christian’s first responsibility is to the gospel. On this “Pulpit Freedom Sunday,” who knows how many hurting and lost people wandered into a church – needing to hear the gospel – heard nothing about why this candidate is bad and how screwed we are if they are elected.
On November 4th, I am beginning a sermon series entitled “What’s So Great About Wesley?” I’ll be covering topics like communion, salvation and what Wesley might tell us about how best to handle the toxic political environment in which we find ourselves – only because Christians should see a contrast between how the world views these things and how they should. That sermon will mainly be a riff on this photo I picked up from Facebook:
Wesley and The Christian Century are right. We need to live together in community after this thing is done, and there are far greater needs within the human heart. It’s our responsibility to address them.Thought Leadership
What Global Mobility Management Means to Talent Acquisition
New hires who must relocate aren't like other employees.
By Brynne Kennedy.
Underestimating Retention's Importance
It would be hard to overstate the importance of candidate experience to recruiting. As such, most companies (59 percent) are increasing their investment in creating a seamless, consumer-like applicant experience.
Today that means simplifying application processes and optimizing for mobile. From our work to what we do on our weekends, most of our lives are managed on our mobile phones. In retail, a slow or complicated user experience can lead to 58 percent of users abandoning their shopping carts before checking out. In recruiting, it results in a huge drop in the number of candidates actually completing applications. That's why 39 percent of companies are working to optimize their career websites for mobile, and 36 percent of companies are adopting a mobile-first application process.
But while companies are investing in recruiting, they aren't devoting adequate resources to candidates' experience after they're hired. According to LinkedIns Global Recruiting Trends research, only 32 percent of global talent leaders view retention as a top priority; that's mind-boggling when you consider the investment made in attracting talent in the first place.
Employees increasingly expect the same customer-like experience they enjoyed as a candidate, especially employees who must relocate for a new position. Unfortunately, most companies and talent acquisition leaders still struggle to piece together disparate, ad-hoc systems, which ends up putting an extreme burden on the new hires and their families relocating for the company, as well as putting added pressure on talent acquisition and HR to play "relocation consultant." Consider the last move you made, for example. Even if you were relocating to a different neighborhood in the same city, you still had to worry about finding a buyer for your old home, checking out new schools for the kids, switching utilities, registering your kids in new schools, hiring and overseeing movers, and myriad other things. Now imagine doing all that in a foreign country where you may not speak the language, on top of adjusting to a new job at a new company. By failing to devote enough attention to helping new employees adapt to an unfamiliar environment, you'll decrease their readiness to take on their new role, reduce their productivity from day one and create early stage flight risks.
The Solution: Be Rigorous
How can you avoid this scenario from taking place at your company? First, centralize how you manage moves. By creating a concrete framework or instituting technology for helping new hires deal with the enormous complexities of relocation -- obtaining the proper paperwork and visas, finding housing and dealing with cultural barriers -- and settle into their new lives as expats, you'll ensure that nothing gets lost in the shuffle while freeing employees to focus on their new roles.
This is equally important for employees who relocate for short-term assignments.
Second, train your recruiters on the complexities and tax ramifications of relocation and how it will impact compensation. Candidates need this information in order to fully vet opportunities.
Finally, formalize the details of how your organization supports its workers. Make sure your employee handbook spells out how you handle compensation, hardship bonuses, housing allowances and trips home.
The Bottom Line
Talent mobility is no longer an exception; it continues to become the norm. And given the complexity of global mobility management, we've only scratched the surface in this article. Centralized, formal systems of oversight and employment/immigration law training for corporate recruiters and hiring managers are critical to supporting the successful hiring and onboarding of desirable talent, but that's just the beginning. Giving candidates who must relocate the fair and consistent treatment they deserve requires you to secure company-wide commitment and investment. Not easy, but it's worth it, and will result in a more positive onboarding experience, more productivity from new hires and better ROI from your recruiting efforts.
Brynne Kennedy is founder and CEO of MOVE Guides. A frequent speaker and author on topics of technology, HR and global mobility, she previously worked at Lehman Brothers and Standard Chartered.Electoral Systems
List Proportional Representation with small districts (List PR)
List Proportional Representation with large districts (List PR)
First Past The Post (FPTP)
Two-Round Systems (TRS)
Parallel Systems
Mixed Member Proportional (MMP)
Block Vote (BV), Limited Vote (LV) and Single Non-Transferable Vote (SNTV)
Party Block Vote (PBV)
Alternative Vote (AV)
Single Transferable Vote (STV)
Borda Count (BC)
Quota Types
No Quota
Reserved seats: certain districts for women candidates only
Reserved seats: a tier for women candidates only
Reserved seats: best loser system
Nomination: percentage regulations without placement mandate/rank-order rules
Nominations: percentage regulations with placement mandate/rank-order rules (top-ranking, zipper quotas)
Green = Best-fit Combinations
Yellow = Medium-fit Combinations
Red = Non-favourable CombinationsThe administrator can use PUM Run feature to provide privileged access to users for a specific process, system tools, or specific files. For example, service.msc or notepad.exe.
Creating a Privileged Account Domain
For information on creating a privileged account domain, see Section 5.12.1, Creating an Account Domain for Windows Systems.
For information on adding a command, see Section 5.8.1, Adding a Command.
Click Command Control on the home page of the console.
Click Commands in the navigation pane.
Select the command you want to modify.
Click Modify Command in the task pane.
In the Modify Command page, type the processes which requires privileged access.
For example:
*notepad.exe*
*note*d.e*e*
*n........ex.*
*C:\WINDOWS\system*\notepad.exe*
Click Finish.
For information on adding a rule, see Section 5.6.1, Adding a Rule.
To modify a rule, see Section 5.6.2, Modifying a Rule.
Ensure that you modify the following option:
Run Host: Click
Login to the system as an administrator by using any remote desktop accessing tool.
Right-click the process and selectto provide privileged access to the process.
You can also provide privileged access to specific files.
For Example: To provide privileged access to critical.txt file:
Create a short-cut to Notepad.
Notepad is the process that is used to open the critical.txt file.
Right-click the short-cut to Notepad, then select.
In the critical.txt file after the file path of the process, then click .field, add the file path of the
NOTE:For example, the path can be added in the following format:
C:\WINDOWS\system32\notepad.exe "C:\critical.txt"
Right-click the shortcut and select critical.txt file.to provide privileged access to theA walk with the family
With busy weeks and what feel like even busier weekends, sometimes it's hard to find the time to do simple things like take the dog for a walk with the family. But actually I think it's becoming less about 'finding' the time and more about 'making the time'. I announced I was going to take Bear for a walk, on Sunday morning, and that we should all go - cue the ' argh do we have to?'.... 'I don't want to'.... 'do we ALL have to go?'..... I stood my ground and after a bit more moaning, procrastination, & and a suggestion from Maks to go to Batcombe, we set off. It didn't take long for them to be racing through the woods, going 'off-road' (off the path and through the trees) and forgetting that they didn't want to come in the first place!!
When are they going to learn that I'm<<- Doctors
- Maryland
- Catonsville
- Dentists
- Dr. David C. Bastacky
You may also like
Dr. Marlene Z. Dahne
Ratings for Dr. David C. Bastacky
Dr. Bastacky is the best oral surgeon you will find. He made the wisdom tooth process easy and stress free. Him and his team are very professional and caring. A great experience. A very nice office too. I highly recommend Dr. B.
Was this rating useful? 0
flag | Submitted October 4, 2017
Rather Long, but want to make sure you know exactly what you are getting into. The front staff was rather rude, especially when it came to my insurance prior to my extractions. If not for the situation I would have opted to go elsewhere. I went back and forth with 3 different people based off what I knew from my insurance and what they were trying to submit. Days later once they figured it out I was able to schedule my appointment. The extraction itself was ok (I was sedated) I will tell you, do not go here if you are nervous/anxious/unsure or just need a little hand holding. Even Dr. Bastacky is short and his "bedside manner" could be improved. After my extractions I developed dry socket, now these are my first extractions I don't know what this is what to expect or do. He didn't explain any of that, I had to look that up on Google . When I asked him what causes it his answer "If I knew the answer to that I'd have the Nobel Peace Prize" a futile attempt at humor when you could shed some light on what's happening in my mouth. I get it, they do this everyday it's second nature for them but not for me. I wouldn't recommend this office at all I'm sorry.
Was this rating useful? 0
flag | Submitted April 7, 2017? 4
flag | Submitted June 9, 2015? 1
flag | Submitted June 9, 2015
My implant (stage 2) procedure went fine, as did the prior appointments. As others have noted, the front office is the source of my issue. Tip: Arrive early, b/c when I arrived 10 minutes late, I was then made to wait for almost two hours for my 10 minute procedure. I totally should have rescheduled. All patients, bring patience!!
Was this rating useful? 1
flag | Submitted August 15, 2014
Dr Bastacky is a great doctor. He is attentive and caring. His staff on the other hand is severely lacking customer service skills. One receptionist is actually quite rude. I have attempted to get a pre auth for an MRI 4 different times for over a week now to no avail. Its always one excuse after another. She also has an attitude over the phone. I have also made several requests for them to find out from the insurance company what out of pocket expenses are estimated to be for my upcoming procedure. Still nothing. So I paid nearly $400 for my initial visit a month ago and left with some scripts. Here we are a week from my procedure and still have no MRI because they cant seem to do something as simple as get a pre auth. Nor do i have an estimate of costs. This is very disappointing because Dr Bastacky was highly referred to me. I believe I will be cancelling my future appointments and my procedure and find a new Dr all because of his staff. Shame I spent all that money for nothing and I wouldnt refer him to anyone in the future.
Was this rating useful? 2
flag | Submitted July 29, 2014
Dr. Bastacky is a great oral surgeon. My mouth was so deteriorated that I couldn't eat because of pain. The jaw was extremely fragile. I consulted several specialists, all of whom told me there was no way to improve the situation. Two were afraid they would break my jaw if they touched it. A friend recommended Dr. Bastacky and we flew in from South America (Bolivia) to see him. He and his staff were exceptionally kind, professional and prompt. The surgery was handled with tremendous care and respect for us. Dr. Bastacky recommended dental implants, which he placed. Three days later we flew home. I now am able to eat most normal foods without reverting to a blender or food processor. What an amazing change in quality of life! Throughout the adjustment period Dr. Bastacky was quick to answer questions and to offer all necessary assistance. How would I rate my treatment? Dr. Bastacky gave me hope, then the reality of near-normal function with a minimum of pain.
Was this rating useful? 0
flag | Submitted September 16, 2013
Dr. Bastack may be a great dentist but I will never know. His office staff (especially Mindy) is rude and not helpful. They seem to go out of their way to make it a difficult experience. If you are thinking about using this denist, think again. The office staff made it a painful experience.
Was this rating useful? 1
flag | Submitted October 31, 2012
Very rude staff. Person answering phone wanted my wife to come with me because she is the insurance policy holder.
Was this rating useful? 0
flag | Submitted June 29, 2012
Dr. David C. Bastacky's Credentials
Facility Affiliations
Accepting New Patients
Unavailable
Biography
Unavailable
Languages
Unavailable
Education
- University Of Pittsburgh School Of Medicine (Grad. 1985)
Other Specialties
Unavailable
Areas of Expertise
Unavailable
Awards & Recognitions
Unavailable
Publications & Research
Unavailable
Insurance accepted by this Doctor
Top Urgent Care Centers in Catonsville, MD
Find a Doctor by Specialty
Featured News
You may also like
Dr. Marlene Z. Dahne
Top Dentists
#1 of 39
#2 of 39
#3 of 39
#4 of 39
#5 of 39
My wife and myself had a consult with Dr. Bastacky for one on four dentures. It has been almost 6 weeks since the consultation and in spite of several calls, we still cannot get a care plan or cost for the procedures! Hey Doc, this will cost more than many houses and you can't do better than this! I hope he or his staff read this since I won't be calling or going back there again. I shudder to think with that involved of a procedure. if there are problems, what happens if this is their best level of service. provided.
Was this rating useful? 0
flag | Submitted November 17, 2017In my opinion, dry shampoo is a beauty essential. Not only does it keep your hair healthy and prevent it from the negative effects of over-washing (dryness, excess oiliness, and etcetera), it also saves you money because it protects your hair from fading (you want that expensive dye job to last, don’t’ you!?), and allows you to spend, and use, less of your more expensive in-shower shampoos. Dry shampoo also saves you time, because admit it, some (ahem, most) days we would rather be sleeping an extra 20 minutes in the morning than washing our hair. I’ve tried some of the many brands on the market and have put together this review of my favourites (and my absolute top-pick), as well as those that disappointed. I have also reviewed across a variety of price points to ensure there is one for every budget. Let’s get started!
FAVOURITE DRUGSTORE DRY SHAMPOO
Dove Refresh+Care Invigorating Dry Shampoo ($3.00-$7.00)
This product absorbs oil well, and provides great volume and lift. One container of this lasted a fairly long time, and a little bit goes a long way. The downside is that it has quite a strong scent (very perfumey) that I think you’ll either love or hate. Overall, I consider it to be a great value for the price.
LEAST FAVOURITE DRUGSTORE DRY SHAMPOO
TRESemme Fresh Start Volumizing Dry Shampoo ($6.00-$8.00)
I definitely do not like this product. The only thing it has going for it, in my opinion, is the price (though Dove has it beat in this department anyway). Normally I love TRESemme products and their commitment to making salon-quality products at an affordable price, but this product just left my hair feeling even greasier than when I started, and made it look flat and messy. Save your money.
FAVOURITE MID-PRICED DRY SHAMPOO (AND OVERALL FAVOURITE!!)
Batiste Dry Shampoo ($8.00-$14.00)
This product is, in my opinion, dry shampoo perfection. It fights oiliness like a beauty-superhero and gives amazing volume. It comes in a variety of scents, with my personal favourite being the “Wild” formula. Another problem Batiste has solved? The “grey hair” look people tend to complain of after using many kinds of dry shampoo (the product sprays as a white powder). Personally, I don’t mind having to work the product into my hair, but Batiste does offer versions of their dry shampoo in 3 tone-matching colours that don’t require you to give yourself a head massage (like it’s a bad thing?). Run, don’t walk, and get this product now!
LEAST FAVOURITE MID-PRICED DRY SHAMPOO
Bath and Body Works True Blue Spa Shea Cashmere Dry Shampoo ($16.50)
To be honest, the first time I used this product I loved it. So much so, that I went out and bought 3 extra bottles to keep in case they discontinued it (don’t act like you haven’t done it before!). After a couple days however, the nozzle clogged so bad that I couldn’t get any product out. After trying everything from the hot-water trick to sticking pins in the hole, I decided to cut my losses, throw it out, and start a new bottle. To my surprise it happened again (this time at least it was closer to the end of the bottle), and yet again on the third bottle. It’s unfortunate because this product does do a pretty good job and smells amazing (musky, vanilla goodness). However, until the packaging glitch is solved, I won’t allow myself to waste any more money on it, and neither should you.
FAVOURITE HIGHER-PRICED DRY SHAMPOO
Ojon Full Detox Rub-Out Dry Cleansing Spray ($24.00)
This was one of the first dry shampoos I ever tried, and for the longest time, I held every dry shampoo up to this standard. This product does everything a dry shampoo should, and claims, to do. Some downsides are that the scent is really a matter of preference, and one bottle really don’t last as long as I’d like. Most obviously, it is a little bit pricey, so I would recommend purchasing this once in a while as a treat for yourself, you deserve it!
LEAST FAVOURITE HIGHER-PRICED DRY SHAMPOO
Julep Dry Clean Invisible Dry Shampoo ($22.00)
I received this product in one of my monthly-subscription boxes and was really excited to try it. I feel it does an okay job of minimizing oiliness, but I did not find that it added any value in terms of volume. I prefer more of a powdery texture to my dry shampoos (like Batiste), and this one was more of a liquid consistency, requiring you to wait until it dries. If I had paid the full price for this product, I would be quite disappointed.
One commentOr, at least, that’s what an un-named civil servant in the Calvinist Republic of Scotland appears to think in response to a somewhat more measured release from the Quilliam Foundation concerning the Scottish National Party’s endorsement of Osama Saeed as the candidate for the Glasgow Central Westminster constituency.
Saeed, who blogs at
Rolled-Up Trouser Snake Rolled-Up Trousers has been quiet of late on his unapologetic former membership of the Muslim Brotherhood orientated Muslim Association of Britain (as opposed to self-publicized and apologetic former membership of Hizb ut Tahir by such founding members of Quilliam, Maajid Nawaz, ‘Ed’ Hussain and Rashaad Aliand) and support for the likes of Egypt-based Yusuf al-Qaradawi.
Nor does he like to be reminded of the time when, in November 2006, he informed a meeting of an Islamic society at Dundee University that co-operation with Tayside Special Branch should be a highly rationed commodity (and preferably conducted through the likes of him). His initial attempts at outright denial had to be mitigated when an audio-recording came to light.
Anyhoo, this new-found retiscence may have something to do with his candidacy, as well as his directorship of the Scottish
Islamist Islamic Foundation which began to received some £400,000 of U.K. taxpayers money courtesy of the minority S.N.P. adminstration just a few months after being founded in January 2008. All according to rules of tending written with it in mind, and ably assisted by a good few other Snuppie activitists and members.
Saeed, who describes one Anwar al Awlaki – a American of Yemeni-background who collates methods of violent jihad – as a preacher of peace – has also introduced several hugglebunnies to Scottish Parliament ministers. These include President of the British Muslim Initiative, Mohammed Salwar, whom U.S. courts and B.B.C. Panorama have named as a fugitive Hamas commander, and who got into a spot of bother recently when he attempted to sue over reports that he had warned against something he called the “Jewish evil”; and Azzam Tamimi, a former director or the M.A.B. and whom Saeed recommends one reads, who says he would self-detonate amongst Israeli civilians if only he were given a visa.
Tamimi can be seen here in his rant-mode (he also has a polite-mode). It’s an Israeli site! It’s a mistranslation! Oh, it’s in English. (Warning, it is a distressing overflow of a cup of wormwood.)
Other associates and guests of Saeed in his business at S.I.F. include London-based Kemal El-Helbawy, who was reported on B.B.C. Arabic as designating Israeli/Jewish children as young as two as legitimate targets; and Ismail Patel, who knows what Jews should and should not believe, and rails against Zionist sport.
Scotland has a long and inglorious history of religious sectarianism, and when I look at the willingness of Alex “Fish-heid McMoonface” Salmond to accomodated jacobite jihadis, I hope that the un-marvellous works that he hath done, his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth will be remembered forevermore.
Let me leave the reader with a little chat he and Saeed had:
(Note, this is in pure Scottish.)
Saeed appears to believe that many Scottish Muslims “feel more Scottish than the white indigenous community”. Huh?
Now, where did I leave my badge?
Tags: Jacobite Jihadis, osama saeed, psalm 105, quilliam foundation, scottish islamic foundationWelcome to AbleData! We are the premier database for unbiased, comprehensive information on products, solutions and resources to improve productivity and ease life’s tasks.
1.8-Inch Big Green Number Alarm Clock With Am/fm Radio (Model 247540 with and green numbers.
Connect with us for the latest news on- Programs & Services
- Get Info
- Get Involved
- News & Events
Joined the team in 2009
I build private and public support for CenterPointe’s mission through effective fundraising, supporter engagement, and marketing activities.
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world: indeed it’s the only thing that ever has.” Margaret MeadThere is a wide variety of places you can eat and drink in Cheltenham:
The Brewery – a new eating and entertainment development just a short walk from the town centre. It has restaurants coffee houses and a cinema. Places to eat there include Nandos, Frankie and Bennys, Burger Burger, Apres and Chiquitos.
The Daffodil – a converted art deco style cinema. A glamourous eating experience.
Flynns – a well priced steakhouse.
Zizzis – a popular Italian restaurant in a converted church
The Langton – a restaurant with plenty of parking and an outside dining area.
Hotel Kandinsky – a hotel with an upmarket restaurant.
Le Champignon Sauvage – a restaurant with many accolades. Fine dining at its best.
AdvertisementsCarr’s biscuit factory to build ‘cracker packers’ statue
Pladis-owned Carr’s Biscuits will create a statue to commemorate its “cracker packers” [women workers of the factory] over the last generation near to its factory in Carlisle.
The bronze sculpture, which is set to cost around £70,000 and will stand at 5ft 4ins, will portray two women working at the famous Caldewgate factory and will be built next to Paddy’s Market car park.
Hazel Reeves, a Sussex-based artist, has been commissioned to design the statue, which is due to be unveiled on International Women's Day next year (8 March 2018).
The majority of the funding will come from major retailer Sainsbury’s as part of the development of its Caldewgate superstore, with the McVitie’s parent company, Pladis, also contributing. Hunter Davies, who wrote the book The Biscuit Girls, which tells the lives of women at the factory, will also contribute £5,000 to the cost.
Mike Heaney, factory general manager, said the company was proud that its factory was part of the fabric of the community.
“This commission reflects and celebrates a key element of Carlisle’s distinctive social and industrial history,” Heaney said.
“This public art work will help honour those who have helped shape our town’s history, and we can’t wait for the unveiling next year.”
The factory produces 80,000 tonnes of biscuits a year and employs around 600 people.
Want more stories like this in your inbox?
Keywords:
- bakery
- bakery news
- carlisle
- Carr's Biscuits
- "cracker packers"
- Caldewgate factory
- Paddy's Market car park. Hazel Reeves
- The Biscuit Girls
- Mike Heaney
- factory general manager
Related articles:
My Account
Spotlight
Most read
Social
Calendar
- 28 - 31 January, 2018
ISM Cologne
-
- 07 February, 2018
Food to go Conference
- 08 February, 2018
Food & Drink Export ConferenceSpecial education needs reforms
For some time it has been recognised at a national level that support for children and young people with special educational needs should be improved. Across the country, families, professionals and a whole variety of organisations have been involved in discussions to find out what changes should be made.
The main changes have been:
Education, Health & Care Plans - Statements of Special Educational Need and Learning Difficulties Assessments post 16 has become joint Education, Health & Care Plans based on a co-ordinated assessment spanning the 0-25 age range.
Joint Commissioning - More shared decision making across Education, Health and Care when arranging services for individuals or developing services locally.
Local Offer - Local Authorities ensure information is published about local services and how to access them.
Personal Budgets - More information for families about the money available to meet a child or young person’s needs in order to give them more say in how it is spent.
Mediation and appeals - Greater use of mediation where there are disagreements about services to be provided for a child or young person.
Involvement - More opportunities for parents and young people to be involved in planning their own support and developing services locally.
The revised code of practice
In October 2014, the DFE published the revised SEN Code of Practice and a series of SEN regulations that sit alongside it. The document clearly and concisely sets out the statutory guidance for all those working with and caring for children and young people with SEN.
For the first time this code of practice covers the age range from 0 – 25 and is very clear about the expectations from education, health and social care to ensure that every individual has their needs met across all services.
The code of practice came into force on 1 September 2014 and from that day onwards all professionals engaged in supporting young people with SEN have regard to this document. Some elements will be a statutory requirement (must) and some will be best practice (should).
The Swindon local offer
In accordance with the Children and Families Act, all local authorities must publish and review information about services available for children and young people with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND) who are aged from 0 to 25 years, which will be reviewed annually. The aim is to improve the Special Educational Needs system, enhance the quality of life for families living in the local area and ensure the best outcome for children and young people.
Swindon’s Local Offer website highlights the full range of support and services available; some of these are Council services, some are independent and others are collaborative. The information is easily accessible and in enough detail to enable families to make the best choices for their children.
To find out more, please visit The Local Offer website.
How will we plan for and make the changes in Swindon?
In Swindon we get a lot of positive feedback from young people and their families about what we are already doing but we see this change in the law as an opportunity to make things even better. We want to make sure that we continue to improve provision for children, young people and their families in Swindon. To do this we need to hear from a wide range of people, to get your views about what is working well already and where the changes are most needed.
To do this, we have set up a project group including people who work across Education, Health and Social Care Services for both Children and Adults in Swindon, parent representatives and representatives from organisations supporting young people. The role of this group will be to co-ordinate all the work that needs to be done to understand, plan and make the changes needed from September 2014.
To do this they will:
- Keep up to date with the Children & Families Bill as it goes through Parliament so we know what we will be expected to do and when
- Keep up to date with the progress and advice from the Pathfinders Programme
- Talk to local families, professionals, services and organisations about the way they would like things to change especially with the Education, Health & Care Plan and ‘Local Offer’
- Run some pilots with a small number of families to find out the best way of doing the Education, Health & Care Plan and Personal Budgets
- Support services to write their own ‘local offers’ and collect them together so they can be made available for people in one place e.g. on a website and/or in print
- Keep people up to date with the progress in making the changes in Swindon
- Look at ways of organising our Education, Health and Social Care assessment teams for Children & Adults into a service that can support people from 0-25
- Review the Transitions Protocol (PDF) and look at how the changes will improve the experience of people moving in to adulthood.
Further information
If you want to find out more about the changes in the Children & Families Bill there are a number of places you can go to get information:
The SEND Pathfinder website
Contact a Family
Free helpline: 0808 808 3555
info@cafamily.org.uk
Preparing for Adulthood
Tel: 020 7843 6348
info@preparingforadulthood.org.uk
Council for Disabled Children
Tel: 020 7843 1900
cdc@ncb.org.uk
What to do if you have questions or would like to get more involved with the work in Swindon
We are trying to use as many of the existing groups for young people, parents & carers, professionals and organisations as possible to gather views from people. If you want to get involved but are not already part of a group you could contact:
Parent Partnership
Tel: 01793 466515
Parent & Carers Group
Youth Forum & Chatterbox
Via Swindon STEP (Ten to Eighteen Project) on 01793 714042
If you are unable to use any of these routes or prefer to get in touch with us direct you can use the following email address: SENDproject@swindon.gov.uk2008 Lexus GX 470 Navigation / 3rd Row Seats
Our Price: $19,995
ALL WHEEL DRIVE, NON SMOKER, CLEAN CARFAX, SOUTHERN VEHICLE, NAVIGATION, BACK UP CAMERA, 3RD ROW SEATS, LEATHER SEATS, HEATED SEATS, POWER SEATS, MARK LEVINSON STEREO, BLUETOOTH, SATELLITE RADIO, MICHELIN TIRES, AUTOMATIC CLIMATE CONTROLS, POWER WINDOWS, CRUISE CONTROL, SUNROOF, EXCEPTIONAL VEHICLE, EXCELLENT COLOR COMBINATION. WHOLESALE IMPORT CARS NO HAGGLE PRICE $19
- Child Seat Anchors
- Theft-Deterrent System Anti-Theft System
- Remote Rolling Code Security
- Heated Side Mirrors
- Driver Side Only Heated Side Mirrors
- Child Safety Door Locks
- Power Folding Side Mirror Adjustments
- Front Crumple Zones
- Audio Security System Anti-Theft System
- Auto-Dimming Side Mirrors
- Auto-Locking Power Door Locks
- Rear Crumple Zones
- Side Impact Door Beams Body Side Reinforcements
-
- Wheel Diameter: 17.0 X 7.5
- Shoulder Room Rear: 57.4
- Max Towing Capacity: 6500
- Hip Room Front: 55.1
- Aerodynamic Drag: 0.38
- Turning Circle: 37.4
- Front Track: 62.2
- Angle Of Approach: 31
- Max Payload: 1329
- Gross Vehicle Weight Range: 6001-7000
- Drive Type: Awd
- Traction Control: U
- Standard Seating: 8
- Angle Of Departure: 25
- Seating Rows: 3
- Length: 188.2
- Shoulder Room Front: 57.5
- Leg Room Rear: 36.8
- Ground Clearance: 8.3
- Width: 74
- Stability Control: U
- Towing Capacity: 6500
- Rear Wheel Diameter: 17.0 X 7.5
- Hip Room Rear: 54.8
- Wheelbase: 109.8
- Gallons In Tank One: 23.0
- Cargo Volume: 13.2
- Gross Vehicle Weight Rating: 6200
- Leg Room Front: 41.8
- Max Seating: 8
- Head Room Front: 40.2
- Height: 74.6
- Curb Weight: 4871
- Rear Track: 62.2
- Cargo Net Storage
- Driver Seat Memorized Settings
- Front Seatback Storage
- Rear Cupholders
- 115V Cargo Area Power Outlet(S)
- Front Reading Lights
- 12V Front Power Outlet(S)
- Keyless Entry Multi-Function Remote
- Retractable Cargo Cover
- Dual Front Air Conditioning Zones
- Air Filtration
- Audio Steering Wheel Mounted Controls
- Universal Remote Transmitter
- Armrests Rear Center Folding With Storage
- Front Overhead Console
- Door Pockets Storage
- Wood Center Console Trim
- Power Steering Wheel Easy Entry
- Steering Wheel Memorized Settings
- Front Floor Mats
- Leather Dash Trim
- Tilt And Telescopic Steering Wheel
- Center Console Front Console With Storage
- Cargo Tie-Down Anchors And Hooks Storage
- Auto Dimming Rearview Mirror
- Carpet Floor Mat Material
- Retained Accessory Power
- Cruise Control
- Rear Floor Mats
- Side Mirrors Memorized Settings
- Leather Center Console Trim
- Dual Illuminating Vanity Mirrors
- Front Cupholders
- Wood Dash Trim
- Cargo Area Light
- Variable/Speed-Proportional.We hope this approach will, in time, provide a better network for digital collaboration with Envoys not just as part of digital.together, but also beyond. As well as highlighting your events, this approach can open up collaboration opportunities and reduce potential for 'doubling up' on similar events that we know is a challenge to Envoys.
So simply fill this form out to tell us below about events you are organising and how digital.together can support you!Grilled Goat Cheese Baguettes2017-04-09
- Cuisine: French
- Course: Appetizer
- Skill Level: Easy
Add to favorites
- Yield : 32 pieces
- Servings : 6-8
- Prep Time : 10m
- Cook Time : 5m
- Ready In : 15m
Grilled goat cheese baguettes.This is very simple and tasty appetizer.Just split baguette lengthwise,grill and fill with goat cheese,combined with herbs.
Ingredients
- 4 oz (120 g) soft goat cheese
- 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh Italian parsley
- 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh rosemary
- 1 baguette,halved lenghwise
- freshly ground black pepper
- extra virgin olive oil
Method
Step 1
In a small mixing bowl,combine goat cheese,parsley and rosemary. Mix well and set aside.
Step 2
Lightly brash baguette halves with olive oil. Grill,turning once,until light golden.
Step 3
Remove grilled baguette from the grill. Spread evenly cheese mixture onto baguette halves. Cut into slices about 3/4 inch (2 cm) wide. Serve warm.
Average Member Rating
(5 / 5)
1 people rated this recipeOver the past several months, I have field tested Caterpillar’s entry into the rugged mobile device market, the Cat B15 smart phone. Manufactured by Bullett Mobile Ltd. under license from Caterpillar, the B15 is billed by Cat as “the most progressive, durable and rugged device available on the market today.” Among the listed features are drop-resistance up to 1.8 meters (nearly 5 feet), water resistant (submerged up to 1 meter for 30 minutes), imperviousness to dust, and easy wet-finger tracking ability.
Although I was skeptical of the phone’s ability to work after being submerged and dropped, I was excited to put the phone to the test. The B15, starting at $349, ships unlocked to work with any carrier. After procuring the requisite two SIM cards from a wireless carrier, I was able to easily connect to the wireless network. Signal strength for voice services was excellent compared to other phones I have used in the same area.
Initial setup was simple and intuitive, with a bright VGA 4-inch multi-touch screen. Web navigation was easy, and most pages seemed to load reasonably quickly, although the B15 did seem a bit sluggish when opening large, photo-heavy web pages and video files, likely a result of the phone’s lack of 4G connectivity. The B15 operates on the latest version of Android and supports 3G wireless connections. According to Caterpillar’s Sarah Crab, there are no plans for the B15 to support LTE (4G) data connections.
The B15, under normal conditions, operates pretty much as you would expect from an Android-powered touch-screen phone. The first rugged feature that I tested was wet-screen finger tracking on the VGA touch screen. I have used several other touch-screen phones and have always had difficulty with wet-finger tracking, especially if there is any oil or grease present. The B15 masterfully handles wet finger gestures on its screen, even with some oil residue or grease on the fingers.
I next tested the waterproof claim. After submerging the Cat B15 for 30 minutes in 1 meter of water, I pulled it out, shook off the excess moisture, and was able to use the phone immediately for both voice calls and Internet connectivity. I repeated this trial a few times over the several months of testing, wondering if the phone would eventually quit working due to corrosion after multiple submersions. To its credit, the B15 easily handled multiple submersions over the three months I used it. I could see no sign of corrosion when removing the SIM cards at the end of the testing period.
Pleasantly surprised by both the B15’s wet-finger tracking ability and water-resistance, I then tested the phone’s ability to handle the 1.8-meter drop onto a concrete surface. Its aluminum-and-rubber construction lived up to claims. I dropped the phone from 1.8 meters a number of times, with no apparent damage.
As with voice calling, use of the B15’s other features and Android applications was solid, if unremarkable. Under normal operating conditions, the B15 operates as I’ve come to expect from smart phones, with the exception of slightly slow handling of large web files such as videos or pictures. Under difficult conditions such as climbing around on construction equipment in the rain with greasy fingers, however, the B15 really shines. Its waterproof design, combined with exceptional wet-finger tracking and my confidence that I could drop the phone without damaging it, made the phone a pleasure to use in damp or rainy conditions. Over time, the B15 proved its rugged design and instilled in me the confidence to use it on the job without heading back to the car to get out of the weather. The B15 is a solid performer when moisture and impacts are a concern, and it should work well for anyone who needs this extra durability.
For more on the phone, visit the Cat Phone website.
--Content courtesy of Construction Equipment Magazine
Add new commentTran The Man
Tran The Man is a TV show on Australian national television from SBS 2 with an average rating of 3.0 stars by TVCatchUpAustralia.com's visitors. We have 1 episodes of Tran The Man in our archive. The first episode of Tran The Man was broadcast in December, 2013. Did you miss an episode of Tran The Man but don't you wan't that to happen in the future? Please set an alarm and add Tran The Man to your favourites, so we can remind you by email when there's a new episode available to watch. Completely free: handy!
December 7, 2013
3.0 39 xDecember 7, 2013 of Tran The Man was broadcast by SBS 2 on Saturday 7 December 2013 at 13:25.
_3<<
Gadget ManCatch up on Gadget Man and watch online. Find the latest episodes of Gadget Man, broadcast by SBS 2.
Cycling CentralCatch up on Cycling Central and watch online. Find the latest episodes of Cycling Central, broadcast by SBS 2.V […]
Giveaway – Win action fantasy Viking Siege – NOW CLOSED
To celebrate the release of the blood-soaked action fantasy VIKING SIEGE – on DVD 26th December – we have a copy up for grabs. “Vikings meets The Evil Dead” (Loaded) in this rip-roaringly entertaining fantasy, with vengeful kick-ass female warriors battling corrupt monks and killer tree creatures! Filled with foul-mouthed monks, brutish warriors on the […]About Efe Gomez
Efe Gomez is a published author of children's books. A published credit of Efe Gomez is Guayabo Negro Y Otros Cuentos (Biblioteca de Temas Colombianos).To edit or update the above biography on Efe Gomez, please Log In or Register.
Link to this page:
Published Works by Efe GomezClick a book's title or cover for more details and to read reviewsOnly halfway through a four-year postseason ban, Penn State began the season with a new coach trying to get his feet under him and its players taking the field mostly for pride.
When the NCAA surprisingly threw it an early season lifeline, the Nittany Lions did just enough to clear another hurdle in their recovery from scandal.
Making its first bowl appearance in three seasons and taking another step toward normalcy following the Jerry Sandusky saga, Penn State (6-6) heads to Yankee Stadium to play Boston College (7-5) in the Pinstripe Bowl on Saturday.
"It's a huge step for so many different reasons," said Nittany Lions coach James Franklin, who came over from Vanderbilt in the offseason to continue the rebuilding job began so expertly by Bill O'Brien. "I think it's a part of us getting back to where we belong in college football. ... We couldn't be more excited."
In addition to having its bowl ban lifted in September, the school also recovered all of its scholarships for next season, something Franklin needs to take the next step in reestablishing Penn State as one of the sport's preeminent programs. Getting some extra December practice time will help rebuild that foundation, and judging from the team's struggles down the stretch, it can use it.
The Nittany Lions finished their Big Ten schedule 2-6 - their wins coming against conference lightweights Rutgers and Indiana by a combined nine points.
"I know how important these practices are on a lot of different levels," Franklin said. "We get to prepare to play a tough opponent and continue to get better as a team and a program. From a program perspective, it's valuable."
With the postseason finally a possibility, Franklin's team became eligible with a 30-13 win over Temple on Nov. 15, a victory that pushed it to 6-4. But a disappointing setback to Illinois and a regular season-ending loss to Michigan State has Penn State looking to get back on track in its 45th bowl appearance.
To do that, a stifling defense will be key. That Nittany Lions' unit ranked No. 1 in the country in rushing defense (84.8 yards per game) and No. 2 in total defense (269.8) and pass efficiency defense (99.71). It was one of just two schools to rank in the top 10 in those categories as well as scoring defense (17.7 ppg) and defensive third-down percentage (30.1).
Mike Hull, who was named the conference's linebacker of the year, anchors the group and will be tasked with slowing down an Eagles squad highlighted by the dual-threat capabilities of quarterback Tyler Murphy.
Murphy finished the year with 1,079 rushing yards, setting a single-season ACC record for a quarterback. He not only directed Boston College to a second straight bowl appearance, but took the Eagles to the verge of a truly breakout campaign. Three of the team's losses came down to the wire, the most noteworthy a 20-17 defeat at No. 2 Florida State last month thanks to a game-deciding field goal with three seconds left.
Included in its wins was a 37-31 early season upset of then-No. 9 Southern Cal.
"Last year was great because it was the first time we were able to become bowl eligible and get there," said Steve Addazio, who took the Eagles' coaching job a year ago with the intent of breaking a three-season postseason drought. "(This year), sure, we'd love to have nine wins right now, and that wouldn't have been a stretch."
Murphy, an admitted Yankees fan, will do something his favorite baseball team did not this season: Play a postseason game at the Stadium. He'll be joined in the backfield by freshman running back Jon Hilliman, who paired with his quarterback for 22 touchdowns on the ground.
That should present a throwback battle of strengths between these two formerly independent Northeastern powers who both seem to be on the upswing.
"Good programs get better because they play in bowl games and they're able to extend their practices. It's like another spring," Addazio said. "You're developing your football program, the culture of your team. Success breeds success. You're playing in a meaningful, big-time bowl."
BC will be making its 24th bowl appearance, and comes into the matchup trailing Penn State 19-4 in the all-time series. The Eagles, however, have taken the last three games, the last a 21-7 win in 2004.
This year's contest will mark the fifth edition of the Pinstripe Bowl. For the Nittany Lions, the trip to the Big Apple represents the culmination of an unwavering commitment to a program that stood tall in the face of the most extreme challenges.
"I'm particularly pleased that our senior football student-athletes will have a chance to play in a bowl game, and that as a community we will have one more opportunity to honor and thank them," athletic director Sandy Barbour said.Martin Lawrence could be returning to network TV with a new sitcom in the very near future.
TVGuide.com reports that CBS is developing two scripts for the comedian, who starred in the hit ’90s sitcom “Martin.” This time around fans should expect a more family centric comedy as opposed to the more adult humor that “Martin” was famous for.
One script comes from the mind of “The Bernie Mac Show” creator Larry Wilmore. It focuses on a single man who raises several foster kids with his sister.
The other show, created by Tom Hertz of Adam Sandler’s Happy Madison production company, will feature Martin as a family man. The sitcom will see Martin trying to keep his kid grounded while contending with bourgeois in-laws.
It’s not clear which of the untitled scripts will come out on top, but CBS would like to tape one of show as a pilot to debut later. A decision on which sitcom (if either) makes it to the set is expected in the coming weeks once Martin has a chance to look over the material.By: address these concerns, the United Nations convened in 2015 to establish the Paris Agreement, a framework for reducing global greenhouse gas emissions and for slowing the global temperature increase. To date, 170 out of the 197 participant nations have ratified the Paris Agreement, which stands as the most comprehensive climate change framework that the United Nations has established to date (2).
Although the Paris Agreement has noble goals, some members of the scientific community worry that merely slowing down climate change will not be enough to prevent the environment from going “over the edge.” These individuals argue for the proactive implementation of geoengineering mechanisms to reverse some of the most crucial environmental changes that have taken place thus far. As defined by the 2010 United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity, geoengineering mechanisms include “any technologies that deliberately reduce solar insolation or increase carbon sequestration from the atmosphere on a large scale that may affect biodiversity” (2). Put simply, the general goal of geoengineering is to decrease the greenhouse effect. This same United Nations Convention published a moratorium that prohibits field testing of geoengineering techniques by any person; on the other hand, the moratorium allows for “small scale scientific research studies that would be conducted in a controlled setting” (2).
The obvious ambiguities of the United Nations’ geoengineering moratorium have prevented any serious enforcement of its policies. In 2012, American entrepreneur Russ George conducted a unilateral iron fertilization experiment off the coast of western Canada (3). One of the main purposes of this experiment was to determine if the influx of iron would help boost the phytoplankton population in the area, since iron is a vital nutrient for phytoplankton and other marine primary producers (3). Higher phytoplankton population is correlated with more photosynthesis, which translates to a greater intake of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. So, the hypothesis in this case is that seeding the ocean with iron leads to greater sequestration and export of atmospheric carbon dioxide; this process should theoretically help reduce global temperatures over the long run by decreasing the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere (3). George faced a considerable public outcry since he effectively violated the United Nations moratorium on geoengineering (3).
At this point in time, rather than concerning ourselves with the minutiae of international policy, it is much more meaningful for us to debate a more philosophical question: Is geoengineering the future of climate remediation? Geoengineering has only recently burst onto the scientific scene, and it presents a novel approach towards the long-standing issues of global warming and climate change. Below, we shall explore both sides of the debate and see how geoengineering fits into the evolution of science.
Advocates of geoengineering generally argue that efforts to simply slow down global warming have been fairly unsuccessful, thus necessitating proactive corrective action in the form of geoengineering. In a seminal paper, Dutch atmospheric chemist Paul Crutzen points out that global carbon dioxide emissions would need to be reduced by 60- 80% to achieve zero net emissions, which is largely unfeasible (4). Crutzen then discusses the merits of spraying sulfur dioxide (SO2 ) into the atmosphere, since SO2 is known to reflect solar radiation back out into space, thus counteracting the greenhouse effect brought about by CO2 (4). There is fairly convincing empirical evidence that corroborates Crutzen’s case: following the 1991 Mount Pinatubo volcanic eruption, which released 17 million tons (15.4 million metric tons) of SO2 , global temperatures dropped by about 0.6 ° C the next year.5 Although SO2 clearly can have a myriad of other side effects on the environment (e.g. acid rain), we see that it can potentially be a powerful tool for reversing the current trend of global warming, if we can find a way to harness it correctly. With temperatures increasing at their current rate, such techniques may very well become the only option to keep global temperatures at a sustainable level.
Opponents of geoengineering present a fairly strong case as well. One common argument is that geoengineering involves excessive meddling with the environment, which more often than not results in environmental damage. As alluded to previously, SO2 injection often results in acid rain, which arguably has far more detrimental effects on the environment than potential benefits. With regard to iron fertilization in oceans, some geoengineering skeptics point out that massive phytoplankton blooms often form around seeded areas, disrupting the balance of the local food chain and sapping other vital nutrients from the waters (3). A second oppositional argument involves the notion of a moral hazard.6 Generally speaking, a moral hazard is where someone develops a solution to a problem, yet the presence of the solution makes people think that they no longer need to care about the problem and can behave as unscrupulously as they please.6 In the case of geoengineering, the moral hazard would be that if the general public becomes convinced that geoengineering can resolve all environmental issues, then the public will no longer care about using sustainable practices, since they will think that geoengineering can reverse all future damage that is done to the environment. This moral hazard argument generally would come into play at the policymaking stage, since lawmakers would now need to decide how to regulate geoengineering practices.
We thus continue to observe a spirited debate about the merits of geoengineering. This field holds immense promise and should be explored; however, the scientific community must take calculated steps to make sure that geoengineering’s power is harnessed in a manner that is beneficial on the whole to all stakeholders. Going forward, we can expect to see more discussion and exploration of geoengineering in the scientific community, as global warming continues to steadily progress.
Sandip Nirmel ’21 is a freshman in Thayer Hall.
WORKS CITED
[1] Dahlman, L. Climate Change: Global Temperature.. gov/news-features/understanding-climate/climate-change-global-temperature (accessed Sept. 24, 2017).
[2] Convention on Biological Diversity. Climate-related Geoengineering and Biodiversity. climate/geoengineering/ (accessed Sept. 24, 2017).
[3] Fountain, H. A Rogue Climate Experiment Outrages Scientists. The New York Times [Online], Oct. 18, 2012.. com/2012/10/19/science/earth/ iron-dumping-experiment-in-pacific-alarms-marine-experts.html (accessed Sept. 24, 2017).
[4] Crutzen, P. Climactic Change 2006, 77, 211-219.
[5] Harpp, K. How Do Volcanoes Affect World Climate? Scientific American [Online], Apr. 15, 2002. https:// how-do-volcanoes-affect-w/ (accessed Sept. 24, 2017).
[6] Fairbrother, M. Climactic Change 2016, 139, 477-489.Words containing csdrm
Found 1 words containing csdrm. Browse our Scrabble Word Finder, Words With Friends cheat dictionary, and WordHub word solver to find words that contain csdrm. Or use our Unscramble word solver to find your best possible play! Related: Words that start with csdrm
- Scrabble
- Words With Friends
- WordHub
- Crossword
YCA 1991 – David Lefkowitz
DAVID S. LEFKOWITZ, a native of New York City, currently works as Associate Professor at the UCLA Herb Alpert School of Music where he chairs the Composition Department.
He. He has won national and international competitions, including the Fukui Harp Music Awards Competition (twice), and the American Society of Composers, Authors, & Publishers (ASCAP) Grants to Young Composers Competition. In addition, he has won prizes and recognition from the National Association of Composers, USA (NACUSA), the Guild of Temple Musicians, Pacific Composers’ Forum, Chicago Civic Orchestra, Washington International Competition, Society for New Music’s Brian M. Israel Prize, the ALEA III International Competition, and the Gaudeamus Music Week. He has also been a Meet-The-Composer Composer in Residence.
Recent commissions include works for Melia Watras of the Corigliano Quartet, ’cellist Elinor Frey and pianist David Fung, violinist Petteri Iivonen, soprano Ursula Kleinecke and Colloquy, harpist Grace Cloutier, quintets for Pacific Serenades and the Synergy Ensemble, the Pittsburgh New Music Ensemble, Cantor Joseph Gole and the Cantor’s Assembly, the Harvard Westlake Orchestra, and by the Beijing City Opera Company (China’s largest and best Beijing Opera company) to write the music for a thirteen-minute solo dance-drama; the resulting BR/EIDGING OPERA for small chamber orchestra has been well received by audiences and artists on both sides of the Pacific. He has music published by MMB Music, by Yelton Rhodes Music, Zen-On Music, Whole>Sum Music, and Lawson-Gould/Warner-Chappell Music. He has recordings available or soon to be available on Yarlung, Fatrock Ink, Japanese Victor, Yamaha, and Albany record labels.
As a theorist Lefkowitz has researched “meta-theoretical” issues such as the process of segmentation (a Component of post-tonal analysis) and the internal structure of set-classes, he has written extensively on Schoenberg’s piano music, and also has done work on music theory pedagogy, culminating with his textbook Music Theory: Syntax, Function, and Form which is expected to be published soon.
Winning Piece: Psalm 93
Winning Piece (co-winners): Elaine Broad Ginsberg (Psalm 100)
Honorable Mentions: David Badagnani (Psalm 136) and Jose Bowen (Psalm 84).GNAS1 / XLalphas antibody
Principal name
GNAS1 / XLalphas antibody
Alternative names for GNAS1 / XLalphas antibody
Extra large alphas protein, G protein alpha XLas, Guanine nucleotide-binding protein G(s) subunit alpha isoforms XLas, Adenylate cyclase-stimulating G alpha protein
Ncbi ID
Available reactivities
Available hosts
Available applications
Western blot / Immunoblot (WB), Paraffin Sections (P), Enzyme Immunoassay (E)
Background of GNAS1 / XLalphas antibody.This locus has a highly complex imprinted expression pattern. It gives rise to maternally, paternally, and biallelically expressed transcripts that are derived from four alternative promoters and 5\' exons. Some transcripts contains a differentially methylated region (DMR) at their 5\' exons, and this DMR is commonly found in imprinted genes and correlates with transcript expression. An antisense transcript exists, and this antisense transcript and one of the transcripts are paternally expressed, produce have been found for this gene, but the full-length nature and/or biological validity of some variants have not been determined..
General readings
Linglart,A., (2006) Endocrinology 147 (5), 2253-2262
3 Item(s)
Primary Antibodies
3 Item(s)Here's what was inside (Buddha not included!).
There's a Crescent Moon wall hanging, a wooden mandala keychain, cedar eucalyptus body polish, eucalyptus essential oil, incense cones, a moss agate crystal, a smudge bundle, and a smudge bundle pin.
My favorite item this month is probably the Brie McKay Good Vibes smudge bundle pin because how cute is this?! I really need to get a demin jacket for fall for all of my awesome pins and iron-on patches that I've been getting in these boxes. I was also glad to have the Blue Sage Smudge Bundle because one can't have too many smudge sticks. I burn these often around the house to clear negativity.
I always love the crystals, and this moss agate makes me very happy. It's the loveliest piece of moss agate I own (I have several stones), and I can't wait to work this into a crystal grid. Moss agate is a stone of new beginnings and abundance — great for the upcoming season change!
The Trillium Organics Cedar Eucalyptus Body Polish smells like a forest! I've been using this in the shower for the last couple days. It makes my skin feel so soft!
I'm glad to have more eucalyptus essential oil! This oil by Plantlife is 100% pure, and it's just what I need as we move into cold and flu season. I don't get sick often, but when I do, eucalyptus oil is crucial. It's also just great for helping me breathe when I wake up all stuffy every morning. I always wake up with a stuffy nose (it's probably all the cat hair I'm breathing in all day).
I've been burning the Element Botanicals Incense Cones, and they have a nice, crisp, woodsy scent thanks to palo santo and pine resin.
I have a thing for mandalas. I'm actually part of the Memphis Mandala Makers Club, which gets together occasionally to draw and color mandalas. So I love this Laser Trees keychain! It's made from cherry wood, which promotes stability and enhances focus.
The Wanderluxe crescent moon wall hanging is awesome! It's made from poplar tree wood, and it's supposed to bring balance and abundance to your home. I hung this in the kitchen since it's the room I spend most of my time in.
That's it! I was a little bummed this box didn't come with some kind of consumable item. Usually, there's a snack or a tea. But that's okay. I love everything in the box!
Just FYI — this isn't a sponsored post. I subscribe and pay the $33 a month for Goddess Provisions boxes, but I am an ambassador for the company, so I always share this link in case anyone wants to subscribe.Ellison agrees to share power / Henley to become chairman of Oracle
Published 4:00 am, Tuesday, January 13, 2004
Caption
Addressing a nagging concern that Oracle founder and chief executive Larry Ellison held too much concentrated power, the company said Monday that Chief Financial Officer Jeff Henley would replace Ellison as chairman.
Observers saw the move as giving Henley more power while allowing him to step back from his management responsibilities.
Henley, 59, has long been seen as the steady hand guiding the Redwood City software giant's day-to-day operations and one of the few executives able to sustain a long-term partnership with the mercurial Ellison.
Henley has been rumored for years to be longing to retire. He is a wealthy man after serving for nearly 13 years as the software giant's CFO, and he commutes weekly from his Santa Barbara home. Just two weeks ago, Henley sold 500,000 of his Oracle shares, realizing a profit of $5.3 million.
But Oracle director Michael Boskin said Henley isn't going
"Jeff will be at Oracle longer doing the things he wants to do," said Boskin, chairman of the board's nomination and governance committee and the committee on compensation and management development.
Henley will continue to serve as Oracle's chief financial officer until a replacement is found, the company said. Ellison, 59, will continue as CEO.
Also Monday, Oracle gave the title of president to two executives: Safra Catz, 42, and Chuck Phillips, 44. Both were executive vice presidents. The company's last president, Ray Lane, who was also chief operating officer, left in 2000.
These appointments, too, address a common criticism of Oracle: that since Lane's departure, Ellison had no strong No. 2 executive to help him run the company. With Henley stepping down from his CFO role, that vacuum will be felt more keenly, and Catz and Phillips are seen as taking on more responsibility to ease that loss.
"It shifts the leadership internally to rely more on Safra and Chuck, with Larry keeping much the same role," said Tad Piper, an analyst with Piper Jaffray & Co. Piper does not own shares of Oracle, and Piper Jaffray has no investment banking business with Oracle.
But Ellison isn't exactly handing over the keys to the kingdom, said Cameron Steele, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets and a former Oracle employee. Ellison still owns about 25 percent of the company's common shares and exercisable options.
"As its largest shareholder, Larry's going to have as much power as he's ever had. But a lot of the stuff the chairman should be doing, which is being the backstop for how a company operates from a governance perspective, Henley's probably the better guy for the job," Steele said.
Catz, a member of the board of directors, has been in charge of global operations at Oracle since she joined in April 1999. Phillips, who was also appointed to the board on Monday, is a relative newcomer to the firm. He joined in May after covering the firm as a research analyst with Morgan Stanley. He was initially hired to provide mergers and acquisition advice, but his duties have expanded to include heading the sales, marketing and consulting operations.
Investors have voiced concern over the years that Ellison has no strong succession plan. If anything, that worry intensifies with Henley stepping down. A source close to the company said the management changes are not meant to position Catz or Phillips to replace Ellison anytime soon.
"Larry is Oracle's CEO and leader and will be for quite some time to come, " said Boskin, who is an economics professor at Stanford University.
Separating the chairman and CEO roles is looked upon favorably from a corporate governance perspective, and while Oracle did not give this as a motivation for the change, Boskin said it is a plus.
Thirty percent of companies separated the chairman and CEO positions in 2003, up from 26 percent in 2001, according to the Investor Responsibility Research Center.
Oracle directors "are very sensitive to some of the corporate governance trends and requirements," said Steele, who owns a small amount of Oracle stock. His company, RBC Capital Markets, has no banking business with the firm.
Of course, it's ideal from a corporate governance perspective for that chairman to be independent from management, which Henley is clearly not, at least while he continues to serve as CFO.
Far from being angry at losing one of the titles in front of his name, Ellison was one of the main proponents of the change, a source close to the company said. Ellison has held the chairman title since 1995, when he replaced James Abrahamson. Ellison also served as chairman from 1990 to 1992.
Oracle shares closed at $14.66 Monday, up 3.5 percent, and were largely unchanged after hours.We're going to make a first release of the gimp-help-2. I want to inform the authors, to have a look over their written content and make sure, that the release will not include major spelling or grammar errors. The freeze of the sources will be on next wednesday the 11th. Hopefully, this release will get some more attention of writing content and fixing tiny errors for the manual.
Advertising
So, keep up the good work and let me know if there are any problems regarding the release. Greetings, -- Roman Joost www: email: [EMAIL PROTECTED]
signature.asc
Description: Digital signatureSUNLIGHT. FINALLY. Time to over-optimistically pack away my collection of umpteen-denier black tights. After that, time for something cold and tasty.
This is one of my favourite cold dishes – quickly fried sardines that are then left to enjoy a sweet-sour marinade in the fridge. It always used to accompany me up mountains on hikes when I lived in Japan – because getting to the top of the m*****f***ing mountain would mean that I got to eat this and a few jelly pots. I respond to juvenile incentives.
Nanbanzuke is loosely based on escabeche, brought to Japanese shores by Portuguese sailors (along with Christianity, which only really caught on because everyone thought rosary beads made an awesome accessory. Some things never change). I like using sardines for this because they stand up to frying nicely and also make for good packed lunch size – you can use other oily fish like salmon too.
Sardine nanbanzuke
Ingredients
8-10 sardines, cleaned and cut into fillets
Plain flour
Tapioca or corn starch
250ml dashi
50ml soy sauce
100ml rice vinegar
2 tbsp sugar
1 small carrot, julienned
1/2 onion, finely sliced
1/4 red chili, finely sliced
Method
- Combine the dashi, soy sauce, vinegar and sugar – mix well
- Mix the flour and starch together and dust the fish
- Fry a couple of fish at a time in a wok of hot vegetable oil (not too many or the oil will lose heat) until golden and crispy. Drain on kitchen paper.
- Add the sardine to a tupperware and pour over the marinade
- Add the chili, carrots and onions and pop the lid on
- Leave to get happy for at least an hour – serve cold’m a subscriber to your blog. It’s nice to see you in the Book Blog Hop.
Thanks for visiting.. I visited you many times before..especially during “Teaser Tusedays” :).. I love your blog.
Just hopping by! 🙂
xx,
E.J.
Followed from the blog Hop. Love your button!
Zoe: Thnaks, for hoping by, I just now hopes on to your blog, it’s wonderful 🙂Hi,
Advertising: FileNet P8 Location: Chicago - US Duration: 6+ months Extension Possible: Yes *Job Description: * ü - 8+ years of IBM FileNet P8 Development - Workflow and Content Management ü Hands on experience on IBM Content Navigator ü 5+ years of Java, J2EE and web application development, DoJo, JQuery, HTML, XML ü Hands-on Design and Develop workflows using Process Designer ü Experience developing web applications for IBM Web-Sphere application server 7.x ü 3+ years of Web Services design and development Familiarity with financial and banking domain is a plus..Prof. Chaisse is an award-winning specialist in international economic law with particular expertise in the regulation and economics of foreign investment. His research also covers other relevant fields, such as WTO law, international taxation, cyber law and the law of natural resources.
Prof. Chaisse is an Arbitrator empaneled with the Kuala Lumpur Regional Center for Arbitration (KLRCA), the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre (HKIAC), the Shenzhen Arbitration Commission (SAC), and the Asian Domain Name Dispute Resolution Centre (ADNDRC). He has decided a number of internet domain disputes in cases administered by the ADNDRC..
Julien Chaisse is the author of the book "International Taxation - Law and Practice in Hong Kong and China" (The Hague: Kluwer Law, 2015) 304 p.
The Profectional Company
Our Presenters
Our Courses
Our Attendees
The Profectional Newsletters
The Profectional Channel
Course Registration Forms
CPD.HK
Our Accreditations
Our Courses Calendar
Our Multimedia
Our TestimonialsA group of wounded heroes, who hope to take part in the Invictus Games, appear in a film launched on Friday, which features well-known faces pledging their support for the Invictus Games. The Games are the sports event for ‘wounded warriors’ launched by Prince Harry and coming to London this September.
Mary, Danni, Andy, Paul and Susan hope to be selected for the British Armed Forces Team. Help for Heroes are supporting the Ministry of Defence in selecting and training the team as part of their wider Sports Recovery programme.
Our Band of Brothers will be among 400 competitors from 14 nations taking part in the Invictus Games if they are selected. The 100-strong team British team will be selected in August by Help for Heroes and the Ministry of Defence.
One of our hopeful competitors is Mary, who was on a Military Horse Riding course with the Royal Artillery when she was thrown from her horse hitting a wall, which fractured her right cheek and 2 toes. The accident also tore her bicep muscle off the bone on her right shoulder. After three operations Mary was unable to pass her Weapons Handling test and was medically discharged from the Army. In 2004 Mary was also diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. Mary competed in swimming events as part of the UK Armed Forces Team, supported by Help for Heroes, which took part in the US Warrior Games in 2013.
Mary, and our other wounded heroes, appears in the short movie to recite 'Invictus' by English poet William Ernest Henley. Other well-known faces also read lines from the famous 1875 poem that proclaims strength in the face of adversity. The video can be seen at..How barn dance I charge my audio sonic tablet?Located by the 26th floor of the inventory trade Tower, Audio Z enjoys beautiful views of the St. Lawrence River. is just steps away from some of the top accommodations, eating places and boutiques Mbytreal has to offer. Our significant location puts you within the coronary heart of Mby the side oftreals inventive life which is recognized across the . From mp3gain to visual arts, to bop, show business to museums, Mtreal provides everything a creative mind may wish for with out disappearance apart whatsoever cherishes the belly, as gastromy is most definitely not left in back on this cultural whirlwind.
Where is the audio cave in "spine" in YouTube Poops from? 1,077,128questions on Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk zeroThis question is awaitg an answer...Please go away this area blank until you're answerg the question. do not ask questions you already know the answer to. thanks.Retrieved from " " Ad blocker insideterference detected! Wikia is a free-to-fruitfulness site that makes cash from promoting. we have now a custom-made experience for viewers utilizing ad blockers Wikia just isn't accessible if youve made further modifications. remove the custom ad blocker list(s) and the web page leave encumber as expected. categories : Un-answered questions YouTubeAdd category CancelSave
Why isn't my home windows media playing the audio and only the video by a movie that I downloaded? 1,zeroseventy seven,128questinext tos by Wikianswers Add New web page Edit Edit sourceHistoryTalk 0This questiby is awaiting a solution...Please go away this subject clean unless you're answering the question. don't ask questinext tos you already know the reply to. thanks.Retrieved from " " Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a free-to-use website that makes cash from promoting. we have a expertise for viewers using ad blockers Wikia just isn't if youve made further modificatinext tos. take away the customized ad blocker list(s) and the web page leave load as expected. classes : Un-answered questinext tosAdd category CancelSave
Below is a Wiki web page via a few of Stewie's best quotes. For , your greatest bet is youtube.
Audio-video gear pro - professionalinstruments HD - ultimate cut pro capture and enhancing four hundred - Avalon duct Preamp
As people from several countries flocked to an international trade fair, Gospel for Asia-supported workers took the opportunity to share the Good News with them.
On October 2, seven GFA-supported Bible college students and three staff members went to the trade fair, carrying thousands of Gospel tracts. They handed these tracts to nearly every shopkeeper. Altogether, they distributed approximately 10,000 Gospel tracts!
Merchants from Bangladesh, Pakistan, Thailand and several states of India took part in the trade fair. Many people from Thailand responded positively when the students and staff shared about Jesus. Although some people from other countries harbored suspicion toward the missionaries at first, they opened up as the students shared the Good News, and they even asked them to pray for their businesses.
The missionaries involved in the event request prayer that the people who heard the Gospel message—especially the shopkeepers who asked for prayer—will choose to follow Jesus.Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat
4050 Lake Otis Pkwy # 108, Anchorage, AK 99508
(907) 272-5477
Compliment this business
Contacts
Street address:
4050 Lake Otis Pkwy # 108
City / suburb:
Anchorage
County:
Anchorage
State:
Alaska
ZIP code:
99508-5220
Phone:
(907) 272-5477
GPS Longitude:
-149.8397143
GPS Latitude:
61.1840073
Places nearby
0 miles away
Health Services
0 miles away
Chiropract Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat contacts
Install a QR code reading app on your smartphone to scan and convert it to Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat contact information.
Reviews
There are no reviews on Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat yet.
Be the first to write a review about your experience with the company.
Be the first to write a review about your experience with the company.
More details about Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat
According to our records, this business is located at 4050 Lake Otis Pkwy # 108 in Anchorage (in Anchorage County), Alaska 99508, the location GPS coordinates are: 61.1840073 (latitude), -149.8397143 (longitude). Bliss Massage Therapy Retreat is categorized under Massage Therapists (SIC code 7299). Current estimates show that the unit has a sales volume of $165,000 and staff of approximately 3 people. You can contact the company by phone at (907) 272-5477.
Not satisfied? Select a reason•Rate this page•Send feedback
Or try our search form or quick navigation by category and location
Recommended categories in Anchorage, AK
Similar companies
Aura Massage Suite
379 Saint Elias Court, Kodiak Island, AK
Kims' Soothing Touch Massage
4325 East 8th Avenue, Anchorage, AK
Misty Savage
PO Box 11Plain Gut, Third String Tunes to A. Approx diameter .150" -- Without the silver wrap this string has very low tension and may not keep it's 'focussed pitch' on your bass. Choose carefully, for this option. We don't sell many of these, but keep then in stock for your special needs.Discover a selection of top forums spiritual scampolitics on the internet. Come to share your passion on forums spiritual scampolitics and meet other fans of spiritual scampolitics. Then, why don't you create your own forum of spiritual scampolitics ? Psychic Reading Forums and Chat
mystic, sisterhood, #spiritual, metaphysical, free, psychic, chat, rooms, paranormal, discussion, boards, place, learn, share, grow, heal, readings, samj, readers, genuine
Spiritualist chat mediumship
spiritualist, chat, chatroom, mediumship, #spiritual
Free forum :
#spiritual, awareness, place, wishing, explore, share, knowing, matters, dimensional, shift, universeThe people of Aberdeen have been cornswaggled by their council AGAIN.
The big lie that was Marischal Square is exposed.
pinnacle visualisation
There is no square. There probably never was any intention of creating a square, by any definition.
We were duped. We were wary of their promises but were duped by that old trick of the public consultation. Look where that’s taken us.
Cast your eyes on this projection for how the Muse Development will look once the concrete is poured and the common land, that belongs to everyone in the city, is turned over to a private development for the erection of tawdry towers.
Which means this development was given the full-hearted support of Labour members of the council willingly.
Not one of them recognised the architectural outrage they were about to impose on the city.
Who voted for this abomination?
For:
Labour: Ramsay Milne, George Adam (Lord Provost), Jenny Laing, Angela Taylor, Willie Young, Barney Crockett, Neil Cooney, Len Ironside, Ross Grant, Graham Lawrence, Tauqueer Malik, Yvonne Allan, Scott Carle, Lesley Dunbar, Jean Morrison, Nathan Morrison, Gordon Graham. SNP: Graham Dickson. Independents: Marie Boulton, Andy Finlayson, John Reynolds, Fraser Forsyth. Conservatives: Alan Donnelly (23)
Against:
SNP: Bill Cormie, Muriel Jaffrey, Callum McCaig, Gordon Townson, Gil Samarai, Sandy Stuart, Andrew May, Jim Kiddie, Jim Noble, Jackie Dunbar, David Cameron, Kirsty Blackman. Liberal Democrat: Jennifer Stewart, Martin Greig, Aileen Malone, Ian Yuill, Steve Delaney. Conservatives: Ross Thomson. (18)
Bring on the next electionMarriage Counselor
Anthony Tshering, LCSW
Psychotherapist
26 Court St, #614, Brooklyn, New York
A healthy marriage takes work. Therapy will reach the heart of the issues and begin the process of restoration. Let's get started.
>_8<<
Marriage.
Marriage Counselor
Nataliya Rusetskaya, Ph.D., LCSW,
Licensed Psychotherapist, Certified Couple and Sex Therapist
132 Washington st, Suite 301, Hoboken, New Jersey
In my marriage therapy approach I use Imago method, which I combine with EFT (Emotionally Focused Therapy), Gestalt and my knowledge of Clinical Sexology
Marriage Counselor
Konstantin Lukin, Ph.D.
Clinical Psychologist
223 Bloomfield Street, suite 107, Hoboken, New Jersey
When working with couples, we primarily use Emotionally Focused Therapy, which is an evidenced-based therapy specifically geared to address obstacles to relationship satisfaction in any time of romantic relationship.
Marriage Counselor
Jonathan Schnapp, LCSW
Psychotherapist
240 Madison Avenue, New York, New York
A healthy marriage takes work. Therapy will reach the heart of the issues and begin the process of restoration. Let's get started.
.
10301 is a zip code located in Richmond County and part of Staten Island, New York. It has a land area of 3.607 square miles.  The population of 10301 is 39,706 people.Sugar Bears Still in Charge
Sugar has not been a sweet investment over the past several years.
In September, the price of the sweetener hit a five-year low at $0.135 per pound, less than half the level the commodity was trading at in 2011, which was a three-decade high at above $0.30 per pound.
The bear market in sugar can clearly be seen in the price chart for the Teucrium Sugar (CANE), which invests in sugar futures contracts:
Conditions have improved since, however, and sugar is currently trading at about $0.1425 cents a pound.
The reason for the partial rebound is that the light at the end of a very long tunnel may finally be coming into view for sugar.
Sticky South America
One major positive factor pushing sugar up is Brazil’s re-imposition of a higher fuel tax on gasoline in the country.
The difference between now and the past is that Petrobras S.A. (PBR) said it’ll pass the tax onto consumers, instead of absorbing it. So now, this tax will have the effect of Brazilian drivers filling up their tanks with ethanol, not gasoline.
In Brazil, ethanol is produced from sugar (not corn like in the United States), so sugar usage is sure to climb. The country is the world’s top producer of this type of ethanol and also the globe’s top sugar producer.
In other words, more sugar used for fuel means less sugar available to the global market from Brazil for use as a sweetener.
But what about the overall supply/demand situation for sugar?
Powdered Forecasts situation here is improving, at least according to several reputable forecasters.
Australia-based Green Pool says the sugar market in 2015-2016 will face the first of what could be “several years” of an output shortfall. This follows five years of surpluses, which have pushed down sugar prices. The overall surplus during those years was about 30 million metric tons (mt).
Green Pool put the deficit for the next crop year at 5.02 million mt, with global consumption rising to 181.6 million mt.
One key worry on the output side for Green Pool is the very poor financial condition many sugar farmers and companies are in, particularly in Brazil and India – the two largest producers.
Largely in agreement with Green Pool is the London-based Platts Kingman.
Kingman also cited production woes, saying that world sugar output, at 177.1 million mt, will fall for the third year in a row.
It also said that in the 2015-2016 crop year, production will trail consumption by 5.25 million mt. That would be the biggest shortfall in six years.
Kingsman demand figures are almost exactly as Green Pool’s, showing a 1.7% annual increase.
So it’s all sitting sweet for the sugar bulls, right?
A Bitter Aftertaste
Not so fast… there are still persistent negative factors that will hold back any runaway bull market in sugar.
Many still question whether Brazil’s sugar output will really be dented much by the financial condition of its producers.
And Sucden Financial points to “the elephant in the room” for the worldwide sugar market – India
The country is expected to announce a renewal of an export subsidy on sugar. That $65-per-metric-ton subsidy will be a lifeline to its domestic industry, but a big negative for worldwide prices as sugar is dumped into the global market.
Until further clarity about this year’s upcoming crop comes into view, sugar prices are likely to go nowhere fast.
And the chase continues,
Tim MaverickIf you ever find yourself in need of Loyal Bail Bonds, there is nothing to worry about! Numerous Loyal bail bonds companies can bail you (or another person) out anytime anywhere in Loyal. BailBondsNetwork.com makes it easy to find and get in touch with a licensed bail bond agent in Loyal, Oklahoma. At your request, many bail bond agents will come pick you up privately. Payment plans are often available depending on each case.
Upon arrest anywhere in Kingfisher county, a person is usually processed at the Kingfisher county jail. To be released from jail, a few steps must occur, including being “booked in” frequently done due to financial limitations.
Loyal Bail Bonds agents can aid you with all your surety needs:
- Immigration Bail Bonds in Loyal OK
- Federal Bail Bonds in Loyal OK
- Property Bail Bonds in Loyal OK
- Surety Bail Bonds in Loyal OK
Bail Bonds in Loyal
Got a Bail Bonds Question?
Be the first to ask a bail bond question!Welcome to Tesco Wine by the case.
We hope you enjoy your visit.
Reference number 053475566
Based on 185 Reviews | Login to write a review is ideal for drinking now but can be kept for up to 1 yearToday at 11:00am is the Banker’s Challenge. Your donation of $35 will be matched $.50 on the dollar for a total of $52.50. That goes a long way to closing our funding gap for this year and ensuring lives are saved because people can get the medical treatment they need when they know they have a place to stay!
Advertisements[I wrote most of this yesterday morning, but we’re in midterms here, midsemester grades are due tomorrow, and blogging time is scarce.]
Interesting. I was thinking of writing a post called “Why I am not talking about The Anglican Situation here.” Just in case you all were wondering. The short answer is that there are plenty of other folks doing this quite well and the blogosphere is already full. So full in fact, that while I am grateful for the insights of many others (I list some of my favorites in the column at the right under “Blogging Anglicans”) I sometimes weary of our Episcopal and Anglican navel-gazing. If and when I do speak about the whole situation, it will be because a) I have something new and different to say (most likely from perspectives that aren’t out there – I note a dearth of ecumenical and feminist contributions, insights, and analysis) and/or b) I feel compelled, ethically or otherwise, to repeat here what others are also saying elsewhere, in the interests of communication to as broad a public as possible.
Enough on that.
Meanwhile, a more pressing concern, and one not unrelated to The Current Unpleasantness, has arisen and showed up in several messages in my inbox. In this situation, the safety and well-being of other humans are at stake. (Hmm. I thought of this blog initially as a place for some theological and spiritual reflections, and I see now that as in my theology and prayer, this cannot be separated from the real lives of real persons –and other sentient beings—who suffer in real social situations, nor can it be separated from social analysis or invitations to action. Not that I ever thought of all this as separate – I certainly don’t in my theological writings or in my teaching or justice work –but I’m noticing how this space is evolving even in this start-up phase. This post today is one more incarnation of my ongoing concern –dating back to college and then to sojourns at Taizé— about the intimate relationship between contemplation and action.)
Note this, search your conscience, and act. The Nigerian Senate is considering a bill, the Same-Sex Marriage Prohibition Act, that would criminalize all activities related to homosexuality—from private consensual behavior to speech, assembly, and commitment ceremonies. It appears that the bill will be brought up for a final vote in the Senate on Thursday, March 1st. The bill has already passed the Nigerian House.
Davis Mac-Iyalla, a courageous gay man from Nigeria who was present at the recent Anglican Primates’ meeting in Tanzania and is a leader in Changing Attitude Nigeria, has written contacts in the U.S. to ask for help. Here are two concrete things you can do.
1) Send an e-mail to Archbishop Peter Akinola (primate@anglican-nig.org) (yes, that Peter Akinola) asking him to use his considerable influence with the Senate to defeat the bill. Remind him that paragraph 146 of the Windsor Report states that, "any demonising of homosexual persons, or their ill treatment, is totally against Christian charity and basic principles of pastoral care." Keep it courteous and to the point.
2) Call the Nigerian Embassy (202-986-8400) in Washington, DC, to express your concerns about the bill. Remind embassy staff that Nigeria is a signatory to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR) (brought to you by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, which guarantees freedom from unfair discrimination and the right to privacy. Parts of the act are also inconsistent with the principle of non-discrimination found in the African Charter on Human and People’s Rights and the Nigerian Constitution.
Some perspectives from much closer to the situation than we are here are here and here.
Integrity, the Episcopal lgbt organization, has been working with Human Rights Watchand the Human Rights Campaign on other ways to defeat the bill. IGLHRC is also an excellent resource. (If you don’t know this organization, I recommend you have a look at their website. Just click the live link on their name in the last sentence. I first learned of them when a classmate of mine at the GTU got a job with them at least a decade ago.)
For a copy of the bill, see this site, which also has stories from Nigerians who have experienced discrimination as a result of their sexual orientation.
If you are moved to call and write, please do so ASAP. The Nigerian Senate vote is tomorrow, March 1.The Harrison, London
- Free breakfast and free WiFi
Main amenities
- 4 guestrooms
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Free breakfast and free WiFi
Feel at home
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Coffee/tea maker
- Flat-panel TV
What’s around
-)
- The British Museum (19-minute walk)
- St George’s, Bloomsbury (21-minute walk)
- BT Tower (23-minute walk)
The Harrison, Londonfrom $177
- Double ensuite with shower
- Double Room, Ensuite (Bath)
- Twin Room, Ensuite
- Triple Room, Ensuite
More great choices
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has
Transportation
Parking
- No parking
In the hotel
- Free breakfast
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
In the room
- Coffee/tea maker
- Hypo-allergenic bedding available
- Free toiletries
- Hair dryer
- Flat-screen TV
- Free WiFi
Also popular with travelers from the USA
The Harrison, London’s small print
Also known as
- Harrison Inn London
- Harrison London
- The Harrison Gastro Pub And Hotel London, England
- The Harrison Gastro Pub Hotel London
- Harrison B&B.
What’s around The Harrison, London
Landmarks
-)
Getting around
- London (LCY-London City) 31-min drive
- London (LHR-Heathrow) 37-min drive
- London (STN-Stansted) 62-min drive
- London (LGW-Gatwick) 68-min drive
- London King's Cross Station 6-min walk
- London St. Pancras Station 8-min walk
- London Fenchurch Street Station 13-min drive
- King's Cross St. Pancras Underground Station 6-min walk
- Euston Underground Station 18-min walk
- Farringdon Underground Station 21-min walk
- Onsite parking not available
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell us
'Join the world'. So says this new online cinema beta. It has a great idea: to put world/art house cinema online "Jaman is the way people discover, enjoy and share world cinema. Jaman's global on line community is pioneering social cinema. It is a new destination for movie-goers to watch and discuss the world's best films".The only problem is that at the moment it needs to come … [Read more...]A message that was given before we handed out food bags in a low income community in Panama. We had a mixed crowd thus for the English/Spanish translation. This video wasn’t edited.
Joel shares in Panama while Gaby translates
Related Posts
-
FocusDecember 8th, 2017 | 0 Comments
Go and BeNovember 1st, 2017 | 0 Comments
Spiritual Cost Benefit AnalysisOctober 31st, 2017 | 0 Comments
Tekeffect.net: Technology OverloadOctober 16th, 2017 | 0 CommentsFor are people who are looking to buy kids’ shoes.
The easiest way to attract the right visitors is through search engines. It is no secret that most people use search engines like Google, Yahoo and Bing to look for information. Therefore, a basic starting point for drawing in visitors is to ensure that your website ranks highly in the SERPs. To achieve this, the website needs optimization.
What Is Website Optimization?
Website optimization is commonly known as Search Engine Optimization (SEO). It is a systematic approach used to improve a website’s rankings in Search Engine Result Pages (SERPs). The ultimate goal of optimization is to make a website more visible to search engines.
Broadly speaking, website optimization takes one of two formats. The first is used for existing websites. It involves tweaking aspects like design, content, and back-links in order to make the website search-engine friendly. The second is used for new websites still at the design level. It involves integrating SEO into every aspect of the website.
Either way, website optimization typically involves three things (1) understanding how search engines work (2) understanding how users search for info (using keywords) and (3) positioning a website to rank highly in the SERPs for specific keywords.
There are lots of SEO strategies which are used to achieve this. However, before getting looking at strategies, it is important to understand what search engines are looking for when ranking websites.
How Search Engines Rank Websites
Search engines like Google and Bing have one major goal – to help users find websites whose content is most relevant to them. Without getting too technical, there are four aspects which search engines base on to judge relevancy.
Content – is the content (text, pictures, videos) relevant to the overall theme of the website? Does the text, page titles and meta descriptions blend into a single, unified theme?
Authority – is the content good enough that other websites link to it. Do other websites cite the content on the website?
Performance – how fast does the website load in a browser? Does this loading speed cut across devices i.e. PCs, tablets and smartphones?
User Experience (also known as UX) – how easy is it for users to navigate the site? Does the design make it easy for users to find what they are looking for? Does the website have a high bounce rate?
Key Website Optimization Strategies
There are numerous strategies which are used to optimize a website. The most common ones are the following:
Design & Overall UX
The starting point of optimization is design. For a website to rank highly on Google, it has to be accessible across multiple devices (i.e. PCs, tablets and smartphones). For each device, it needs to load fast, and provide a great user experience. Its content must be formatted in a manner which is best suited for a specific device. This is typically achieved using responsive web design techniques.
Keyword Optimization
A website needs to be optimized around specific keywords. This is what will enable it to rank highly in the specific keyword searches. Keyword optimization is usually a two step process.
The first step is keyword research. You need to know and understand how your target users search for info i.e. which keywords they use. You also need to understand how competitive the keywords are. Finally, you have to select which keyword phrases can make you most competitive.
The second step is integrating keywords into your website content. The days of keyword stuffing are over. Over the past few years, Google updates such as Penguin and Panda started cleaning up spammy websites from its SERPs. As such, keyword stuffing can hurt your page rankings.
The smartest approach is using long-tail keywords, and synonyms. Google’s Hummingbird Update has better semantic capabilities. As such, it can understand nuances such as synonyms. So, instead of repeating one keyword over and over again, you can use similar phrases, and make your content optimized.
Onsite SEO
When adding content to a website, it is important to ensure that it remains search engine-friendly. It should be simple for web crawlers to index the page. The techniques which are used to achieve this are often referred to as “on-site SEO” or on-page SEO. They include:
– proper use of header (h1, h2, etc) tags. The header tags should be used to indicate different levels of importance.
– use of descriptive meta and page title tags
– use of keywords (both within articles and meta tags) in a manner which makes grammatical sense
– enriching page content media (pictures, videos, etc)
– use of links (both outbound links to authority sites and contextual links)
– proper use of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and other web technologies
The bottom line is that almost everything which is placed on a webpage has to be designed to make it easier for web crawlers to index it.
Offsite SEO
Search engines typically rank websites on basis of the number of backlinks it has. They basically assume that if other websites are linking to your site, then your content is relevant. As such, a key SEO strategy is creating backlinks. This is sometimes referred to as “Offsite SEO”.
There are a number of techniques which you can use to create backlinks. They include the following:
– Great content: most websites will only link to sites which have something of value.
– Press Releases: writing press releases through sites like PRWire and BusinessWire is a great way to create backlinks.
– Guest Blogging
– Social Media (more on this below)
– Video Sharing Sites e.g. YouTube, Vimeo, etc
Social Media
Social media is becoming increasingly important in SEO. As such, an active social media presence is an effective way of increasing search engine rankings. For starters, posting content on social media sites is an effective way of creating backlinks.
Secondly, the Google algorithm now uses social media signals while ranking pages. This includes number of followers, level of activity and overall vibrancy of the social media presence. A large and active social media following indicates to Google that your website has something which people want. This ultimately increases your search engine rankings.
Therefore, creating, maintaining and constantly updating pages on platforms like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest and LinkedIn is critical towards boosting your websites search engine visibility.
In A Nutshell…
Website optimization involves many complex strategies. This makes it quite a chore. Balancing all the different aspects (i.e. design, keyword optimization, Onsite and Offsite SEO, etc) can be a pain – especially if you don’t have the technical expertise.
Even for someone with “expertise” a single Google update can render your well thought-out strategies redundant. This is where website optimization services come in handy.
Why You Need Our Website Optimization Services
Website optimization is complex, cryptic and labor intensive. Worst of all, it is an ongoing process. As Google updates its algorithms, you have to keep tweaking your website to stay relevant.
Our website optimization service can save you from all the hustle. It can enable you to contract out the minute details to SEO experts, and let them do all the donkey work. You can then sit back, relax and watch as the right visitors flock to your website.
If you are looking to hire website optimization services, our team of SEO experts can help! We’ll provide you with a customized service which can best suit your unique needs. Contact us right away by calling 303-200-1000 or you can reach out to us by email at [email protected], and let’s make it easier for your target visitors to find your website. If you would like us to evaluate your website to see why your site is seeing poor results in the SERPs, just fill out the form on this page and we can do that FREE of charge!
Need to know if your website is mobile-friendly enough for the SERPs? Then check out our mobile-friendly test tool to see if your site passes or fails (according to Google).
Your SEO Guide to the Top!
Call 303-200-1000 for a Free Consultation.
Back to TopFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (1)
Publication Type
Co-author
Learn More
- Kathleen Spurr, Gail Dechman, +72 authors Casey D. Sullivan
- 2014
Can J Respir Ther Vol 50 No 2 Summer 2014 52 5. Ramos K, Schafer S, Tracz S. Validation of the Fresno test of competence in evidence based medicine. BMJ 2003;326:319-321. 6. Broomfield D, Humphries GM. Using the Delphi technique to identify the cancer education requirements of general practitioners. Medical Education 2001;35:928-937. rtP02 Pediatric high… (More)It’s not an easy decision to take off your best-selling product from the market and replace it with the one that has no parallel. That’s exactly what Toyota did in February 2005 by discontinuing the Qualis multi-purpose vehicle (MPV) and launching a bigger, more luxurious MPV, the Innova.
From Qualis to Innova
The Qualis was introduced in January 2000, and by the time the company discontinued this rather ordinary-looking MPV in December 2004, a cumulative 1,42,500 units were sold. According to data from the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, the Qualis—which competed with Tata Sumo and Mahindra Bolero, among others—was instrumental in increasing the market share of the MPV segment in the industry from less than 9% to over 11%.
Sales averaged over 2,000 units per month and, contrary to popular perception, only 30% sales went to the taxicab segment. The decision to launch the Innova—MPVs were all about ‘value’, the Innova introduced ‘luxury’ in the segment—was part of an international project to develop a single platform on which new models will be built.
From 2005 to 2016
Launched in February 2005, the Innova was a runaway success, even at then what was a hefty price tag for an MPV—from Rs 6.75 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. Toyota sold 5,78,014 units in 11 years—averaging over 4,000 units every month. What competitors didn’t quite understand was how could a brand maintain its appeal for over a decade without the manufacturer making too many changes to it. A few improvements Toyota introduced were the addition of an intercooler (2009), a minor facelift (2011), and a second minor facelift (2014).
Harish Bijoor, brand expert & founder, Harish Bijoor Consults, says that the strong brand value of the Innova is courtesy its Indianness. “In many ways, the Innova is a ‘made for India’ car. It’s big, rugged and spacious. It’s a ‘two plus two plus two car’, as I would call it,” he says, adding that it was finally a replacement for the long-dying Ambassador. “It took on the legacy of the Ambassador. The bureaucracy adopted it just as much as the fleet owners embraced it.”
It did face competition—Mahindra Xylo, Chevrolet Tavera, Nissan Evalia, Renault Lodgy—but none could challenge its dominance. With the Ertiga, Maruti Suzuki managed to outsell the Innova every once in a while, but then the Ertiga was a cheaper, entry-level MPV. Again, contrary to popular perception, the Innova was primarily sold in the personal segment (70%), not commercial—which has higher ‘visibility’, thus the perception.
The Delhi diesel ban
In December 2015, the Supreme Court, in a move to clean up the city’s filthy air, imposed a ban on registration of diesel vehicles of engine capacity 2000cc and above in Delhi NCR, until March 31, 2016. As much as 8% of Innova sales, or 700 units per month, evaporated—it had a 2494cc diesel engine. N Raja, director & senior vice-president, Sales & Marketing, Toyota Kirloskar Motor, says that the company supported local dealers by taking back the inventory and providing salaries to the affected sales staff.
From Innova to Crysta
In May 2016, the company drove in the Innova Crysta, this time with two diesel engine options—the 2393cc with manual transmission and 2755cc with automatic. Price increase was to the tune of a considerable Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 4 lakh and the Delhi diesel ban continued, yet sales shot up. By the time the company launched a petrol version—2694cc—in August, the Innova Crysta already had sold over 24,000 units and had a pending order of 9,000 units. A new sales trend ensued—from the earlier 70% sales that went into the personal segment, it increased to over 95%. Another trend was that 50% of Innova Crysta sales were those of automatic transmission, reflecting the changing customer preference.
Reasons behind success
Raja says it has a low cost of ownership, its engine life is the best in the segment, and resale value is high. “A three-year-old Innova, for example, doesn’t lose more than 30% of its original price when you retail it in the second-hand market.”
Agrees Hormazd Sorabjee, the editor of Autocar India magazine. “In the MPV segment, success is more due to practical considerations than emotional ones. The Innova has an unbeatable reputation for reliability, quality and a strong resale value—the most important criteria for MPV buyers. It also has a 5-lakh-strong customer base and many of them are ready to upgrade to the new Innova—this serves as a ready market that no other MPV has.”
From Crysta to Touring Sport
Earlier this month, Toyota launched yet another variant—the Innova Touring Sport from Rs 17.79 lakh to Rs 22.15 lakh. It gets an all-black front grille, smoked chrome headlamps and front bumper spoiler, giving this MPV an SUV-like styling. For the first time, customers have the choice of a sporty avatar.
Hefty pricing hasn’t slowed down sales. In one year, the Innova Crysta has sold 85,475 units (over 7,000 units every month). Bijoor says it’ll keep scripting new success stories, even though the new pricing has pitted it against entry-luxury cars. “Toyota is investing in nudging the brand image higher in the pecking order, and is evolving the brand as India itself climbs up the hierarchy of needs in its choice of cars.”
vikram.chaudhary@expressindia.comCruising to Coxen Hole
Upon the arrival of your cruise ship to the Port of Roatan in Coxen Hole, just follow the route in the image below.
Make your way off your ship and along the wharf and shops through pedestrian gate #7 to the street out front. Our taxi driver will be there with a sign that reads West End Divers, and he will take you to the shop, and on to some great diving. Your driver will be waiting for you after the dive to return you to your ship, in plenty of time for departure.Tuesday, July 11, 2017
Save the Dates! Upcoming ABA International Conferences
The American Bar Association Section of International Law, with more than 20,000 members around the world, has some of the most interesting and productive conferences you'll find. Here's a list of upcoming events. Visit the ABA Section of International Law website for more information on any particular conference or forum.
(mew)Fulham close to sealing deal for Sinan Bolat, but deal is not yet agreed
Fulham are closing on a deal for goalkeeper Sinan Bolat but Standard Liege say a deal is not yet completed.
Last Updated: 26/12/12 11:59am.Car Questions
RepairPal is your advocate for car care advice and guidance
No Heat in Truck
(1998 Ford Explorer)
When I turn my heat on, its not blowing anything but cold air.
Displaying 2 answers & 0 comments
Popular Answer
There is a temperature blend door actuator in the dash that may be set to cold and stuck there. However, before guessing at that, make sure the engine is getting hot enough. Check the inlet and outlet heater core hoses to see if they are both piping hot (careful!). If one or both are cool, you could have an engine temperature issue.
RepairPal estimates are guaranteed at over 2,000 quality certified locations nationwide. Learn more
Similar Questions
View answers to similar questions from RepairPal's community of auto experts and enthusiasts.
Have changed the thermostat flushed the heater core checked the heater control valve changed the heater unit in dash ...
could it be the vale in dash or the temp control
Didn't find what you were looking for?What.
CapeHatterasLighthouseNorth CarolinaOuter BanksThis 3 star hotel is located in the suburbs of Haugesund and was established in 1972. It is a short drive away from the Viking Church. The hotel has a restaurant, a bar, 6 conference rooms and an indoor swimming pool. All 110 rooms are equipped with minibar, hairdryer and trouser press.
Год открытия: 1972
Расположение: Suburbs
Стиль: American
Всего номеров:)Mercedes-Benz FashionWeek Amsterdam announces Catwalk Programme
Tickets go on sale to the public today
11 DECEMBER 2013
SummaryToday Mercedes-Benz FashionWeek Amsterdam announces the Catwalk Programme for its ten year anniversary edition. From 23 to 27 January 2014 established names, emerging designers and new labels will show their A/W ’14 collections to international fashion professionals and the fashion public. Together they show a cross section of Dutch fashion.
The programme includes established names such as Mattijs van Bergen, Aziz Bekkaoui, Francisco van Benthum, Spijkers & Spijkers, Ilja Visser, Jan Boelo and dennis diem, emerging designers such as MaryMe JimmyPaul, Winde Rienstra and Dorhout Mees, as well as yet to be discovered labels such as Maison the Faux, Atelier MariaLux, David Laport, Jef Montes and Ratna Ho.
Carlo Wijnands, Mercedes-Benz FashionWeek Amsterdam’s programme director: ."
Fashion public spoilt with livestreaming, admission tickets and ten days ‘Downtown’
All the catwalk shows in the 20th edition of the fashion week can be followed live via the FashionWeek Nederland App (available from January 2014) and via. In addition, it is also possible for fashion lovers to attend the catwalk shows in person and to taste the atmosphere at the Westergasterrein. From today, following application for free membership to the Frontrow Club, they can order admission tickets via. Additionally, to mark Mercedes-Benz FashionWeek Amsterdam’s ten year anniversary, the fashion public will be treated for ten days to ten public events at ten cultural locations in Amsterdam. This ‘Downtown Programme’ starts on 18 January.
Quotes
" ."" Carlo Wijnands, programme director Mercedes-Benz FashionWeek:.Cube Tiling Llp30 david_harding on 23rd Nov, 2017
Trading for over 5 years in the building/ decoration industry and specialising in floor laminating and wall & floor tiling.
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By chantal89 on 14th Dec, 2017
DSS Builders lyn_678 on 26th Aug, 2017
m and j heasman66 Feedback reviews, 95% ruksana_74 on 29th Dec, 2017
Duties related to installing ceramic tile, porcelain tile, mosaic tile, terrazzo tile, swimming pool tile, wood, glass and marble tile into residential homes and commercial buildings. Includes cutting tile, measuring tile, designing the general layout of tiles.
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By esalter_71 on 14th Jan, 2018
I am good at what I do and I'll do my best to get your house to look the way you want it to!
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By frnkbrwn on 9th Nov, 2017
Stefan Services24 Feedback reviews, 100% positive
Hi my name is Stefan. Our business is mainly tiling ,plastering and painting\decorating but we can provide on all round handyman service. I have been in the construction in various aspects for over 9 years. We wash carpets too .So if you are looking for a friendly, honest...
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By ton1 on 15th Jan, 2018 furad on 20th Dec, 2017
We are a professional team and we are very responsible, punctual and on time with our work .
Latest Tiling feedback review:
By kath_918 on 31st Aug, 2017
AA Plumbing & Heating155 ayla_77 on 14th May, 2017,pton.
- data-lazyimg
2. Hire a tradesman
Having met our recommended tilers in UYour Neighborhood Bank Can Help
Education opens doors. We like to help make the costs associated with opening those doors less of a burden. College costs may be at all-time highs, but S&T can help make it easier to save...and be prepared when the time comes.
Education funding can come from:
S&T’s Coverdell Education Savings Account features:This Genius Packing List Helps You Travel With Essentials Only
Best
How to pack a perfect carry-on bag. Things, I have to take with me, so use this list to be well prepared. Travel tips. // Travel inspiration, guides & tips
Must Haves for a Long Flight - Luxury Travel, Unique Vacations
What's in my Carry-on Bag? - teetharejade What's in my Carry-On Bag, Givenchy Nightingale
Think you need a lot of luggage to be prepared for travel in multiple climates? Sydney's packing list and tips will have you packing minimalist in no time! (Travel Hacks For Women)
Here are some suitcase packing tips to help you along on all your Air Force travels!
I have wasted countless gallon ziplock bags when traveling - just unscrew the lids and put some plastic wrap over the opening then screw the lid back on for a much easier spill solution! (not quite as safe as a plastic bag, but a good idea!
We love this fun packing flow chart! Our advice to Vanderbilt students who want to study abroad -- less is more! Don't take more than you can carry on your own.
This would make unpacking and reap king throughout the trip so much easier
Packing in 1 Carry On for European Truncation - Another Look at a Travel Capsule - Truncation, via
How to pack a suitcase / como armar una valija
Whether you're taking a short flight or a transatlantic flight, this carry-on packing guide will ensure you are prepared for a comfortable journey.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Year
2004
2014
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (1)
- Last 10 years (3)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Ubeyde Ipek, Ersen Arslan, Sibel Aslan, Mahmut Doğru, Oktay Baykara
- Bulletin of environmental contamination and…
- 2004
- Ersen Arslan, Sibel Aslan, Ubeyde Ipek, Samet Altun, Salih Yazicioğlu
- Waste management & research : the journal of the…
- 2005
In the first part of this study, the treatability of marble processing wastewater by the coagulation-flocculation process was investigated. Optimum coagulant-flocculant doses for turbidity removal in wastewater from the cutting, faience and equalization processes were determined as 500, 200 and 500 ppm of Al2(SO4)3; 300, 500 and 300 ppm of FeCl3 and 600,… (More)
- Sibel Aslan, Nusret Şekerdağ
- Journal of environmental health
- 2008
In the study reported here, the authors investigated the influence of hydraulic loading rate, organic loading rate, and recycle rate on the performance of upflow anaerobic sludge blanket (UASB) reactors treating high-strength wastewaters. For this purpose, they used two identical reactors. The removal rates for chemical oxygen demand (COD), total kjeldahl… (More)
- Ozge Hanay, Halil Hasar, Nilüfer Nacar Kocer, Sibel Aslan
- Bulletin of environmental contamination and…
- 2008… (More)
- Ozge Hanay, B Yiğit Yıldız, Sibel Aslan, Halil Hasar
- Environmental science and pollution research…
- 2014
The main objective of this study was to determine the removal mechanism of tetracycline (TC) and oxytetracycline (OTC) by microscale zerovalent iron (mZVI) and the formation of transformation products during their removal studies. Solution pH, iron dose, and reaction temperature were studied with a batch experimental series in order to evaluate the removal… (More)Glenavon take on Cliftonville at Mourneview Park on Tuesday night hoping to repeat the performance and the result when the Reds last came to Lurgan.
Earlier in the season, on September 21, the Lurgan Blues come out on top 1-0 thanks to a strike from Andy McGrory.
However, since then Cliftonville have found the form which saw them lift the title last season and they lie in second spot behind Linfield.
Glenavon had a break from domestic action at the weekend due to their trip to Rotterdam to play a friendly with Leonidas.
The host side came out on top 3-2 with the Glenavon goals scored by William Murphy and David Rainey.
Gary Hamilton’s side will hope to produce another high energy performance as they did in their last home game against Portadown on Boxing Day.
Kick-off on Tuesday night is 7.45pm.Jack Laugher and Chris Mears admit they battled with the realisation of achieving a lifelong dream after winning Olympic gold medals.
Laugher and Mears became Great Britain’s first Olympic diving champions in Rio last August with victory in the synchronised 3m springboard event, upsetting the favourites from China.
Speaking ahead of the World Championships in Budapest, Laugher reflected on how returning to diving after a break of two and a half months provided the stability he needed.
“To be surprise winners... to actually win the Olympic Games was very difficult to deal with afterwards,” said Laugher.
“I struggled and went down a bit. I had no routine, because I was taking time off.
“It was really good fun, but at the same time, going from such a high and back to normality is very difficult.
“For me, diving ended up being the saviour. I ended up getting back into a routine and had something to get up for in the morning.
“I hate coming back to training not with my heart and mind into it. If you’re forced to come back at a time that you don’t want to, it feels too hard and the passion dies a little bit. I always want to be passionate about what I do.”
Mears also found it challenging, having briefly considered retirement before opting to continue, including the FINA World Series event in Beijing in March.
“Competing again, being Olympic champion standing up on the board was a little bit daunting,” said Mears, 24.
“I felt the pressure of being Olympic champion and what that meant. I didn’t mentally feel ready to compete again.
“I don’t feel like that any more.”
Laugher and Mears will bid to add the world title to their list of achievements today, while Laugher, silver medallist in Rio, is in individual competition, too.Ann Marie Cianciolo Jewelry Design Contact Information
- All jewelry is handmade by the artist.
- All jewelry is guaranteed. See below for return policy.
- Prices are subject to change.
- Call or email for information about how jewelry can be custom-designed to your specifications.
- Collection can be viewed at:
- Magpie Jewelry & Metals Studio
- 7613 W. Harwood Ave. Wauwatosa, WI 53213
- 414.771.8021
Telephone: 414.336.6100
Return Policy: Items can be returned within 7 days of purchase.
Custom orders and custom sizes cannot be returned or exchanged.
Cleaning Instructions:
The sandblasted section of your ring can be cleaned using a stiff toothbrush and a small amount of baking soda or toothpaste. With a little water on your brush scrub the ring avoiding any stones (except diamonds). This will bring it back to its former luster. If your ring has not been worn in a while, try using tarnish remover. A polishing cloth can be used to restore the high polish finish along the edges. The oxidized rings can be cleaned with a soft brush and a little dish soap. This is only if anything gets inside.
Taste The Music was pleased to provide the main entertainment for the Southampton Solent University graduation ball at 02 Southampton Guildhall.
Taste the music had both Groove Instinct & Neon lights performing over the course of the night & had a fantastic response from the party goer students who danced all night & even many hours after we had left the building.
As always a big thank you goes out to our right hand man Scott Limburn from Avenue Audio for doing a sterling job on the sound along with Simon Lampy from inteselighting for providing a stunning backdrop & lighting show. Thank you also to Paul at Events Guru for booking us & looking after us all so well on the night.
Here is some video footage from the night, we hope you enjoy itModern Slavery Act 2015 - Statutory Statement
Modern Slavery Act 2015 – Transparency in Supply Chains
The Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust is committed to maintaining and improving systems, processes and policies to avoid complicity in human rights violation.
We realise that slavery and human trafficking can occur in many forms, such as forced labour, domestic servitude, sex trafficking and workplace abuse.
The Trust is fully aware of the responsibilities it bears towards patients, employees and the local community and as such, we have a strict set of values that we use as guidance with regard to our activities. We therefore would expect that all suppliers to the Trust adhere to the same principles.
As part of our commitment the Trust we have review our supply chains and have introduced a ‘Supplier Code of Conduct’ and have requested all existing and new suppliers to confirm that they are compliant with the Act. Where we use contracts awarded centrally, this is covered by the contract body placing the supplier on their contract / framework agreement.
The Trust’s Procurement Procedures have been updated and we use the NHS standard terms and conditions of contract which take account of the Act.
25 May 2017yea that wili kinder improve ones consistence on achieving his goal
For a while now I’ve been thinking I should build a decision tree for deciding which algorithm to use on a given data project. And yes, I think it’s kind of cool that “decision tree” would be an outcome on my decision tree. Kind of like a nerd pun.
I’m happy to say that I finally started work on my algorithm decision tree, thanks to this website called gliffy.com which allows me to build flowcharts with an easy online tool. It was one of those moments when I said to myself, this morning at 6am, “there should be a start-up that allows me to build a flowchart online! Let me google for that” and it totally worked. I almost feel like I willed gliffy.com into existence.
So here’s how far I’ve gotten this morning:
Not far! But I also learned how to use the tool.
I looked around the web…
View original post 210 more wordsMilwaukee Journal Sentinel: Ethics Policy
While the media landscape is changing, our reputation for finding and telling the truth remains the ground on which we stand. That reputation will always be our greatest asset. The purpose of this code is to help protect that asset, which stands on the foundations of independence and honesty.
These guidelines apply to all members of the Journal Sentinel staff. We all share responsibility to ensure that these guidelines are upheld. Employees at all levels are encouraged to speak up about questionable behavior, especially when the reputation of the Journal Sentinel is at stake, without fear of retribution.
This code incorporates past practices of the Journal Sentinel and its predecessor papers and is designed to help all employees understand and meet longstanding expectations. Elements are drawn from previously published Journal Sentinel Inc. and Journal Communications Inc. ethics codes as well as from written policies of the Philadelphia Inquirer, Los Angeles Times, Chicago Tribune, Washington Post, Kansas City Star, Dallas Morning News, Society of Professional Journalists and American Society of Newspaper Editors.
Section I - Independence
Conflicts of interest. Our foremost professional obligation is to the Journal Sentinel. We should not engage in outside activities that pose a conflict of interest, or a reasonable appearance of such a conflict, so as to interfere with the proper and impartial performance of our duties as employees or compromise the credibility or reputation of the Journal Sentinel.
Use of Journal Sentinel connections. We should not use our positions at the Journal Sentinel to seek any benefit or advantage in personal life or personal business. Examples include writing a letter of complaint to a merchant on Journal Sentinel stationery, referring to Journal Sentinel employment while trying to buy a personal item at reduced price, or using professional contacts to arrange personal benefit awarded on the basis of political connections or personal influence.
Relationships. We should not write about, photograph or make news judgments about any individual related by blood or marriage or with whom we have a close personal or financial relationship. An exception is allowed for columns or other first-person writing of a personal nature. Staff members who are placed in a circumstance that has the potential for this kind of conflict should tell their senior editor.
Editors should not hire, use as freelancers or otherwise pay their relatives or people with whom they have a close relationship without the approval of the editor or managing editor.
When in doubt about a relationship, we should ask ourselves: Could we or the newspaper publicly disclose the situation without the fear of embarrassment or legitimate criticism?
Admissions, meals and entertainment. We pay our own way. If an event is newsworthy, we can afford it. When purchasing a reserved seat is impossible or impractical, exceptions should be brought to the attention of a supervisor in advance.
Reporters and photojournalists assigned to cover spectator, sporting or political events may use such facilities as review seats, press boxes, pressrooms, and photo facilities in furtherance of their assignment. Where possible, the Journal Sentinel will pay for such accommodations and the services that might accompany them, such as food.
Other staff members may use such facilities when the access is necessary to provide information or develop skills. A sportswriter may need to watch an event, for example, to gain material or insight for future use. Supervisors should ensure this access is not abused.
The Journal Sentinel will pay for meals and admissions or cover charges incurred in the course of professional duties. An exception to this policy is a professional fellowship in which the participant’s expenses are covered. In the rare situations where it is socially awkward or even impossible for staff members to pay, they should exercise good judgment in deciding how far to press an insistence on paying. For example, a staff member who receives a meal at a private club might return the favor by scheduling a second meeting and picking up the tab.
Gifts and materials for review. We should not accept business-connected gifts, free rooms, merchandise, special reduced rates or any other low-pay or no-pay arrangements not available to the general public. Use good judgment in deciding what to do with a gift. Gifts that are not worth returning should be sent immediately to a charity or similar destination. For example, if flowers are delivered to the Waukesha bureau, an editorial assistant is directed to take them to a nursing home. Cream puffs from the State Fair have been given to the Grand Avenue Club.
Gifts of significant value should be returned to the donor with the written explanation that accepting gifts is a violation of Journal Sentinel policy. Materials such as books that are deemed pertinent and useful to the job may be kept for use as a work resource only.
Travel. We should not accept free trips except in the most rare circumstances, and then only with the approval from the editor or managing editor. The Journal Sentinel will pay for transportation necessary for a staff member’s professional duties in all possible cases, including transportation provided by government or military agencies. Likewise, any reduced fare offered to a Journal Sentinel staff member should be reasonably available to the public and not unique to journalists.
Use common sense and discretion in emergencies. For example, if the only transit available to a disaster or military action is by military helicopter, a staff member trying to cover a story should use that transportation and inform a supervisor as soon as possible.
Computer materials. Staff members should not make unauthorized copies of material for computers, including software and related documentation that is copyrighted or otherwise protected.
Outside involvement. We should not engage in outside activities that compromise the credibility or reputation of the Journal Sentinel or pose a conflict of interest, or a reasonable appearance of such conflict, so as to interfere with the proper and impartial performance of our Journal Sentinel duties.
Any regular or continuing employment for anyone other than the Journal Sentinel should be reported in writing to the staff member’s senior editor.
Freelance work. Freelance work should be approved in advance by a senior editor. Permission to freelance will be granted only if the Journal Sentinel has no interest in the story and if it will not appear in a competing media outlet. That has generally been defined as all newspapers published in Wisconsin but also can include other outlets both inside and outside the state. Permission will not be granted to freelance for a publication owned by an entity we cover in the news, such as a sports magazine published by a team or league, or a travel magazine published by the state.
Editors who purchase freelance material should be vigilant about possible breaches of ethical standards in the creation of that material. For example, we should not purchase a freelance travel story knowing that the writer accepted a free trip to report it.
Accepting payment for a public appearance is subject to the standards outlined in this policy on avoiding conflicts of interest.
Radio, television and Internet appearances. Participation in public affairs programs is generally allowed. However, staff members should seek advance approval from an appropriate editor. Staff members are expected to uphold the Journal Sentinel’s standards of fairness, impartiality and confidentiality when on the air or online to the same degree as they would in print. Any commitment for regular involvement with a radio, television or Internet program requires the prior approval of the editor or managing editor.
Financial activity. Employees should disclose to their department head any financial interests that might conflict or give the appearance of conflict in their Journal Sentinel duties. Business staffers, for example, should not buy or own stock in companies that the newspaper reports about impartially, including all Wisconsin-based firms with the exception of our own. This is not meant to preclude staffers from investing in mutual funds and similar instruments in which subsequent investments are made without the investor’s knowledge.
A staff member should not enter into a business relationship with a news source.
Unpublished information gathered by the Journal Sentinel should not be used by staff members to make investment decisions.
Awards and prizes. We should not enter contests sponsored by the people we cover. For example, if the Milwaukee County Board held a contest for best news reporting of the year, we would not enter it. We do enter contests sponsored by journalism-related organizations, such as Investigative Reporters and Editors and the Society of Professional Journalists. Entry in other contests is subject to approval by the editor or managing editor. In cases where a staff member’s work is submitted for recognition by someone outside the Journal Sentinel, the staff member should not accept an award without approval from the editor or managing editor.
Advocacy and political activity. We should avoid active involvement or membership in any causes -- politics, community affairs, social action, demonstrations -- that could compromise or appear to compromise our ability to report and edit fairly.
We should refrain from signing petitions or otherwise identifying ourselves with public issues, groups or causes. This is not intended to discourage staff members from voting, but we should avoid political activity beyond that, including campaign contributions. Any request for a leave of absence to join a partisan political activity will not be granted.
Staff members who are related to or close friends with a person involved in a political campaign or organization should refrain from covering or making news judgments about that campaign or issue.
Executives on the business side of the paper will, from time to time, serve on the boards of community groups. It should be firmly understood that absolutely no preferential treatment will be given to groups to which business-side executives belong.
Relationships with advertising
Advertorial and special sections. Themed advertising sections or pages produced by or on behalf of the Journal Sentinel’s business partners or advertisers must be readily distinguishable from news content by clear labeling and distinctive typography, as determined by the editor. For special sections produced by the newsroom, editors will exercise sole judgment over content.
Contact between advertising and news departments. For operational concerns, such as daily space planning, ad placement and deadlines, contacts should be made at the level appropriate to the function. On larger issues, such as themes of coverage or news sections, discussions involving advertising should be initiated with the editor, managing editor or department head they designate..
These conditions also apply to corrections. In the case of a person or organization directly affected by the error, we may inform them that the correction is forthcoming. However, any request for details about its content, placement or timing should be directed to the editor or managing editor.
Section II - Honesty
Attribution of sources. Use of an anonymous source should be approved in advance of publication by the editor, managing editor or news editor in charge. Whenever possible, reporters should get prior approval from an editor before agreeing to protect a source’s identity.
Unnamed sources should be made aware that they could be identified if there are lawsuits or subpoenas involving the coverage and legal efforts to keep them confidential are unsuccessful.
Except in unusual circumstances, we should allow anonymity only when the source has a legitimate fear of suffering harm or reprisals if identified. We should not allow anonymous sources to make personal attacks; criticisms of character should be stated on the record. We will characterize anonymous sources as completely as possible so that readers can make judgments about their authority, expertise or bias.
Fabrication. Deceiving readers by fabricating news events is prohibited. Fabrication used as a literary device in a column or feature must be made obvious to the reader.
Plagiarism. We do not borrow someone else’s work. Material lifted from other newspapers and other media, including Internet, archive and wire service sources, should be fully attributed. We should give credit to other publications that break exclusive stories worthy of coverage by the Journal Sentinel.
Alteration of images. Photo illustrations must be clearly labeled as such. For all other photos, we may alter an image through physical or electronic means only to enhance the technical quality of the image for best reproduction. We do not insert or excise images to change the integrity of a photograph. Cropping and sizing to enhance clarity, impact or composition are encouraged.
Disclosure. People we interview should be made aware that they are speaking to a reporter and their comments may be published. In rare circumstances, if it is the only way to report a story or obtain photographs of vital public interest, non-disclosure may be justified. The editor or managing editor must approve such cases in advance.Eleaf Melo III and Melo III Mini Sub-Ohm Tank
The Eleaf Melo III Sub-Ohm Tank platform made it's debut with the iStick Pico with the Eleaf Melo III Mini, featuring a sleek and highly functional design that emphasizes a well balanced feature set with a highly competitive price point. The Eleaf Melo III and Melo III Mini Sub-Ohm Tank are constructed out of 304 Stainless Steel and high quality glass, making it one of the most well constructed and affordable platforms on the market. Airflow is integrated in a 'Invisible' fashion, in which a twist of the bottom ring throttles airflow open and closed depending on the users preference. Top fill provides a simple and effective way to fill the 4ml or 2ml tank. Each kit includes a 0.3 ohm and a 0.5 ohm Kanthal coil, with a range of 30 to 80W and 30 to 100W respectively, while having the flexibility to be used with Atlantis, Triton, and cCell coil structures (sold separately). With one of the most versatile coil system ecosystems available combined with a highly functional and durable feature set, the Eleaf Melo III and Melo III Mini Sub-Ohm Tank makes for a premiere platform at an incredible price.
Melo III Sub-Ohm Tank Features:
Melo III Mini Sub-Ohm Tank Features:
Package Includes:
Like us on facebook @Project Description
The Roseberry Stream Restoration Project was approximately 2,292 linear feet of stream restoration and enhancement on three unnamed tributaries to Roseberry Creek near Corryton, Knox County, Tennessee. Goals for the project included: 1) improving aquatic habitat by introducing riffle–pool sequences, adding large woody debris in the form of root-wads, log sills, and log vanes, and 2) restoring a native bottomland hardwood riparian forest along the project. Native trees and shrubs were planted along the riparian corridor to provide a diversity of forest structure, wildlife forage value, filtering capacity, soil stability, and riparian habitat. Construction of riffle-pool sequences using native substrate material has improved aquatic habitat diversity. A weir dam was removed from the main channel that interrupted sediment transport, impounded stream flows and functioned as a fish barrier. Floodplain wetlands were enhanced by plugging drainage ditches and planting native trees.Verkoper: newworld-2u (43.267) 99.6%, Objectlocatie: Grays, Verzending naar: GB en vele andere landen, Objectnummer: 322123700503 !!!Grab The Deal !!!! PRODUCT DESCRIPTION) Please Note : Please allow 1 – 3mm differences due to manual measurement Please Note : Due to the difference between different monitors, the picture may not reflect the actual colour of the item. ♦Please kindly contact us by e-mail if you are buying in large quantities for best price ♦ ______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ ♦ Return Policy,thanks! ♥♥ **Please follow and subscribe to our shop to receive weekly mails about our latest offers and auctions** Condition: New, Brand: Newworld2u, Body Area: Head & Neck, MPN: Does Not Apply, Type: Portable Massage PillowMesa, ARIZ. (October 22, 2017) – Stardust Building Supply held their second annual car show in Mesa on Sunday. The show featured live music, a 50/50 raffle and food. Awards were given for the Top 15, Best Domestic, Best Import, Stardust Award and Best of Show.
Mesa’s Dirk Howard was at the show. While there, Dirk took a bunch of photos to share with Arizona Auto Scene’s viewers.
Scroll down to check out some of Dirk’s photos from the showYou won’t be able to get any real sense of the economics from this but Barnes & Noble (NYSE: BKS) just released some stats about subscription and single-copy sales driven by the NookColor. B&N has sold more than 650,000 subs and single copies of some 120 magazines and newspapers through its NookNewsstand, including 150 percent more subscriptions since Christmas than it did in the previous 12 months. So why doesn’t that tell you anything about the real money or how meaningful the numbers are?
A few reasons:
— The company isn’t explaining the split between single-copy and subscriptions. It also isn’t including the churn for subscriptions, which can happen faster in the digital world as people figure out what their shiny new toy does best or realize how much money they’ve committed to spending.
— It’s impossible to tell from the outside how many of the sales were driven by promotions and what kind of conversion rate they might have. For instance, B&N has been running a promo offering a free $5 gift card after purchase of a subscription or single copy. (That covers the cost of at least one single copy in most cases.)
— We don’t know the proportion of price points or the mix of titles. The top mag titles are Us Weekly, Cosmopolitan, National Geographic, Reader’s Digest, Maxim, Star, O, the Oprah Magazine, Food Network Magazine, Women’s Health and Shape. USA TODAY, The New York Times (NYSE: NYT) and The Wall Street Journal.
Then there’s the actual experience. While I have no doubt some users are enjoying seeing glossy mags on a lovely 7″ color screen, I’ve tried a number of titles on a review unit of the NookColor and it is not the Newsstand of Eden. Reading the Rolling Stones cover story on John Lennon that way took much of the pleasure out it. Martha Stewart on the NookColor compared with the company’s special iPad edition was high-end fast food versus gourmet. It all looks very good. But reading the articles requires an “article” view and the pages, while accessible, don’t really scale yet.
Amazon (NSDQ: AMZN) makes no pretenses about the Kindle. If you read magazines and newspapers on it, it’s 99 percent about the text (though the greyscale art is getting better). The iPad doesn’t have a newsstand solution — yet — or subscriptions — and it isn’t aimed at people who want paperback-sized dedicated devices.
The NookColor experience will get better. It may take blowing up the idea of “replica” interactive publications and going completely custom for the device. In the release about the numbers, Jonathan Shar, VP & GM for the digital newsstand, promises more interactivity this year.An Unexpected Error Occurred Diablo 3 Install
OK Learn More This website uses cookies. I was getting a ton of errors, my downloader was crashing, and the one download I did complete had 3 incomplete tomes. It turns out the default downloader/installer is the GB version, by downloading the setup US version, it immediately started and worked fine. while a Installer "Tome 3.MPQE.Part" was at 3,7GB.Deleted the 0 byte file and renamed the to remove ".Part" trying to install again now.
Errors in your computer’s physical memory can cause the installer to fail. MacBook Pros that have dual graphics cards can set the Mac to always use the better performing graphics card. For Windows Vista and 7: Click Start and select Computer. -Windows XP: Click Start and select My Computer. -Windows 8: Windows Key + Q and select Computer.4. Contact Support Share This Article Share This Article Click to watch this video in a web browser.
Diablo 3 Unexpected Error Occurred While Trying To Install
Increase your system RAMClose background applicationsRestart your Mac. Cancel Thanks for your feedback! Oddguard 2 posts Oddguard Ignored Feb 13, 2015 Copy URL View Post A8A38664-071C-407F-A1D6-81C4D577F07CHi Dank, thanks for your message. Ensure that show hidden files and folders is enabled.3.
But I pressed activate diablo 3 and closed the web browser. Yes No We use this feedback to help better craft these articles for you. Diablo 3 Unexpected Error While Playing Last edited by Rolock; 2012-05-14 at 03:53 PM.
Technical Support Reaper of Souls Discussion General Discussion Clans, Communities and Friends Community Creations Gaming, Entertainment and Science Blizzard Archive Console Trading Trading [Hardcore] Crafting and Items Items Hardcore Quests and Pulec 1 Gnome Warlock 0 2 posts Pulec Ignored 14 May 2012 Copy URL View Post Hello, I had the same error, in my case it was a Mac OS X Erixa
Blood and Gore Violence Partial Nudity Online Interactions Not Rated by the ESRB Forums Log In Shop Support Account Settings Games World of Warcraft® Diablo® III StarCraft® II Hearthstone® Heroes of the Diablo 3 Encountered An Unexpected Error please help!I managed to get the game working again. Legion 8 posts Legion Ignored Apr 14, 2015 1 Copy URL View Post 804D1CF2-6652-4C49-A6C9-19516BCDF8C1Pls, fix this Blizzard. WindowsMac Note: If you recieve a file is corrupted error, follow the steps in our File Appears to be Corrupt article.
Diablo 3 Unexpected Error Occurred While Updating Required Files
Pls Contact Customer Support" Discussion in 'Tech Support for Diablo 3, Battle.Net & Systems' started by Metric Tensor, May 14, 2012. | Replies: 1 | Views: 3187 Metric Tensor IncGamers Member I hope it works for you, too. Diablo 3 Unexpected Error Occurred While Trying To Install If any of the files end with a .part suffix, then you failed to download the complete file and you'll need to start all over again in order to get the Diablo 3 Unexpected Error Startup version before today is buggy so you have to download the client again OR start the downloader again where diablo-III-8370-enGB lies he will check all data up to the buggy ones
Black screens upon launchSymptomsWhen launching Diablo III, you experience a black screen but the game does not load. It looks like you were getting an Error 1. Latrell 3 posts Latrell Ignored Apr 14, 2015 -1 Copy URL View Post 04/14/2015 03:29 AMPosted by marvelsir same problem exist on me first, after following your procedure, i end up If that didn't work, try the workaround here. # 5 May 17, 2012 Machkhan 4. "An unexpected Error has occurred"SymptomsWhen you attempted to install Diablo III, you receive an error stating:"An Diablo 3 Unexpected Error Crash
Posted by Omrakos - 2 years ago (May 15, 2014, 4:48 pm) CrJabes,Can you please list the steps you've tried to resolve this so far?_________________________________________________________I'm available in the forums Tuesday - Disable or temporarily uninstall any security programs. Don't have an account? Restart your computer to clear its memory and free up system resources that your game needs to run.
Windows Secondary Logon service must be enabled for Battle.net to install and run. Diablo 3 The Application Encountered An Unexpected Error ResolutionMake sure your graphics card/chipset meets the system requirements and is not listed on the supported section. Reply With Quote 2012-05-14,03:31 PM #7 Laikai View Profile View Forum Posts Private Message View Started Threads High Overlord Join Date Dec 2009 Posts 128 Would you be so kind
Hope this helps. Skip to content Advanced search ISBoxer.com FAQ • Register • Login Board index Information The requested topic does not exist. OK Learn More Battle.net® Support Log In Shop Support Account Settings Games World of Warcraft® Diablo® III StarCraft® II Hearthstone® Heroes of the Storm™ Overwatch™ Games World of Warcraft® Diablo® III Diablo 3 Has Encountered An Unexpected Error Contact Us Help Home Top RSS Terms and Rules Forum software by XenForo™ ©2010-2015 XenForo Ltd.
Disable or temporarily uninstall any security programs. If you're using wireless internet, try switching to an optimized wired connection. have a peek at these guys Malicious programs can interfere with installations and updates.
Register Now. ? Close any running background applications. This is not quite the same as being logged in as the administrator, you'd need to right click the installer executable and select the option there._________________________________________________________I'm available in the forums TuesdayAbstract New School Tattoos by Lehel ChaosBy Stacie Mayer -.It was around this time I also joined Pinterest (worst decision I ever made-seriously ADDICTED) and I noticed a few I liked in the DIY craft section. Finally, after the last straw I had with my cute little scarecrow falling off the table, I hopped in my car and headed to AC Moore. Thanks to it's a crafty life, I was able to create the cutest key holder that met both my style and his budget :) with my 50% coupon I only spent $6.00. Yes, you read that correctly SIX BUCKS!
Materials
- Unfinished photo frame
- Acrylic paint
- Mug hooks
- Also, a picture design. I made mine on Picnik.com with scrapbook paper as the background picture
Steps
- Paint your unfinished photo frame desired color. I have a hard time finding my favorite brown, it's a dark dark brown close to espresso. So I mixed chocolate brown and black to achieve my dark brown.
- While your paint is drying, create and print out your picture. Choose what moves you!
- Once frame has dried, pre-drill 3 holes at the bottom of your frame for the hooks
- Screw hooks in the holes and place in picture
- hang up, duh
I wish I had taken step by step pictures, but I didn't plan on doing this blog. I just got bored from studying and decided to post ;)
and here it is
I plan on doing more DIY with the holidays coming up. Most of my Christmas gifts will be personal ones I've slaved over and made :) Post soon!
Happy Crafting,
AshleyPetha (Ashgourd Sweet) Recipe
If you find this Petha (Ashgourd Sweet) cooking recipe is useful, please share with others.
Petha (Ashgourd Sweet) Recipe Ingredients
1 kg safed petha (ash gourd /white pumpkin) out of a large, hard one
2 tsp chemical lime (chuna)
3/4 kg (3 cups) sugar
3 cups water
1 tbsp lemon juice
3-4 green cardamoms-peeled and crushed
1 tsp gulab jal (rose water)
Petha (Ashgourd Sweet) Recipe Procedure
- Peel the pumpkin and remove the seeds and the soft portion (fibres). Cut into large, thick slices. Prick well with a fork, all over.
- Dissolve 1 tsp lime in water to cover pumpkin and soak for 2 hours. Remove pieces, throw water and wash well. Cut into cubes and soak once again in a fresh lot of lime for another 2 hours.
- Drain pieces and wash thoroughly, squeezing out the water and rinsing again so that no trace of the lime remains. Boil water and cook petha till cooked through and transparent.
- In the meantime, make syrup of sugar, water, lemon juice and cardamoms till one thread consistency.
- Keep the syrup warm and when pumpkin pieces are cooked through, lift them out with a slotted spoon and transfer into the syrup. Simmer a couple of minutes, shut off the heat and add the rose water and mix well.“Serial” may be over until next year, but questions about Adnan Syed’s guilt remain, torturing the podcast’s devotees.
So it’s little wonder that when news broke of key witness Jay Wilds’ first-ever interview on Tuesday, the world once again spiraled into a mass of theories and analysis focusing on that one infuriatingly enduring question: Who really killed Hae Min Lee?
Almost two decades after he first put high school student Adnan Syed behind bars for life, the reluctant Jay has emerged from the safety of silence to offer his side of the story to The Intercept.
In “Serial” — the podcast based on the 15-year-old murder of Hae Min Lee — which is made up almost entirely of suspense, misinformation and circumstantial evidence — Jay has become one of the podcast’s most arresting, and divisive, figures.
Despite being dragged into the spotlight after the podcast’s star narrator and co-producer, Sarah Koenig, decided to ask all the hard questions — most of them relating to Jay — he managed to stay silent until now, refusing all interviews and denying Koenig a recording for “Serial.”
In Part 1 of the two-part interview, Jay — who believes he was treated unfairly by Koenig — told The Intercept that the podcast “painted a highly misleading portrayal of him and his role” in the case, despite admitting, on record, that he lied to police and to the court during Adnan’s trial.
Whether a calculated tactic to tug on the heartstrings or simply the truth, Jay consistently brings up his family — especially his grandmother — as the reason why he lied during the case.
When asked why he helped Adnan bury Hae’s body, he says: “Because at the time I was convinced that I would be going to jail for a long time if he turned me in for drug dealing, especially to high school kids.”
“I was also running [drug] operations from my grandmother’s house. So that would ruin her life, too.”
He also uses his grandmother as justification for lying to the police about where and when he first saw Hae’s body. During the trial, Jay said Adnan showed him Hae’s body — in the trunk of Hae’s car — outside Cathy’s house.
(For those confused, “Cathy” — not her real name — is Jay’s friend, and the person Jay claims he and Adnan spent time with after Jay picked up Adnan from the murder scene, and before he helped him bury Hae’s body. It’s all a bit muddy.)
“I saw her body later, in front of my grandmother’s house where I was living. I didn’t tell the cops it was in front of my house because I didn’t want to involve my grandmother.”
In the interview, Jay says Adnan “manipulated him into what was being done” by saying: “You’ve gotta help me, or I’m gonna tell the cops about you and the weed and all that s–t.”
Jay admits he was unwilling to cooperate with police until they “made it clear they weren’t interested in my ‘procurement’ of pot.”
He also says police had to “chase” him around before finally cornering him, at which point he still refused to answer their questions — “I wasn’t fully cooperating, so if they said, ‘Well, we have you on phone records that you talked to Jenn,’ I’d say, ‘Nope, I didn’t talk to Jenn’” — until Jenn told him she talked to the police, and advised him to do the same. (Jenn is Jay’s friend, whose house he claims to have been at when Adnan called him from a landline outside Best Buy, asking to be picked up after strangling Hae.)
In the podcast, Koenig spends much of the time contemplating Adnan’s motive for murdering his ex-girlfriend, with whom he says he was on friendly terms.
She often muses that his personality and actions did not match the level of devastation he was described as having felt when Hae left him.
To Jay, however, Adnan looked “real hurt and [in] pain” following the breakup.
“I think that was his first real girlfriend, and I think that’s why his reaction was so strong. I don’t think it meant that much to her … [but] he seemed to be far out of his realm when it came to Hae leaving him.”
“And the other thing about it, I mean, there looked like there was real hurt and pain. What else could motivate you to choke the life out of someone you cared about?” Jay says during the interview.
Listeners and redditors have already begun discussing the explosive interview, with many agreeing that although Jay came off “incredibly well, very genuine and believable … I know loads of this can’t be true.”
User afwaller also points out that Jay admits lying to the police and to the court, and tries to “justify these continued lies with some shaky reasoning.”
“He admits he lied, and the story he told in court wasn’t true … Lying with no real motivation, ego and pride thrusting you to disparage other people and make up stories, that’s borderline personality behavior there. Maybe. Jay should stay silent. But he won’t.”
The Twittersphere is also awash in doubt, with many calling Jay a liar:
Others, however, are less skeptical, and think that Jay’s confessions only implicate Adnan:
As for the truth? The fact is, probably no one will know the whole truth about what happened that night.
In the final episode of “Serial,” Koenig herself admitted that, despite liking Adnan, she would “not swear that he was innocent.”POLL - which D800 model would YOU buy
bobn2 wrote:
James Bligh wrote:
Neither Einstein nor Sagan was particularly adept at conveyance. James Burke did a better job than Carl Sagan affording views into technology for the common man. Linking what is known to what is desired is the best way to communicate. Burke and Mick Jackson were amazing at delivering insight.
P.S. Bob, I find you much like Burke, but from time to time your attitude is a little raspy.
--
Paul
Just an old dos guySport Singapore will launch football academy for youth development
Sport Singapore to launch academy headed by the former Lion
In a major move that could be the start of something big for the game in the country, Sport Singapore yesterday announced it will launch a new football academy soon.
The ActiveSG Football Academy, which will be led by former national striker Aleksandar Duric, is a product of a close collaboration with the Football Association of Singapore (FAS).
The academy will focus on children from as young as eight and allow them to have fun while developing the right basic skills of the game.
Speaking before the launch of Duric's autobiography at Books Kinokuniya in Ngee Ann City, SportSG chief executive officer Lim Teck Yin said: "We have recognised that there is a large potential pool of youths, boys and girls, who desire to play football.
"Many of them have not found the right place to play. For some of them, it may be less affordable or less accessible."
Membership fees at the new academy, which will be based at five ActiveSG centres islandwide, are expected to be made affordable.
Fandi Ahmad's F-17 Academy charges $50 per session on top of a $50 annual membership fee, while a weekend session at the JSSL Arsenal Soccer School costs $40 plus a one-time registration fee of $100.
HAND IN HAND
The academy will adopt the FAS grassroots manual as its core syllabus and the FAS coach education system to develop trainers.
Duric, who spoke of his passion for working with kids, will also assemble a team of coaches and plan the academy's training programmes. It is understood that his appointment is seen as for the "long haul".
"We will definitely be working closely with FAS because we have the same goals to develop the youth in our country," said the 45-year-old.
"No better way than operating together and trying to open up a little more to kids who may be left out of the FAS programmes which do a little bit more elite-level things."
The academy will cater to different skill levels by training members in "recreational competitive" or at elite level.
"We recognise that not everybody is going to be an Aleks, but we're quite clear we'll find another Aleks," Lim said.
WIDENING THE BASE
"If everybody was involved in one way or another, and specifically in this case, football, I think we will have more fans to start with."
Lim hopes the academy will contribute to a larger pool of players who are serious about football, paving the way for more competitions and leagues at various levels.
"We will have a market for more coaches and technical officials, and then eventually a strong youth system for our national youth teams. And if we get that right, a strong national team," he said.
Lim is also aiming for a good education off the pitch for the football hopefuls who are just starting out.
"We are thinking about making sure that we have a good quality programme that looks after not just football skills, but also transferable life skills," he said.
"So we hope that the kids… will take away the characteristics of having discipline, understanding what it means to work in a team and to have that fighting spirit."
“We recognise that not everybody is going to be an Aleks, but we’re quite clear we’ll find another Aleks... If everybody was involved in one way or another, and specifically in this case, football, I think we will have more fans to start with.”
- Sport Singapore CEO Lim Teck Yin, on the ActiveSG Football Academy to be headed by Aleksandar Duric
Duric a hit in boots and books
ACE: Aleksandar Duric signing autographs during his book launch at Books Kinokuniya yesterday. TNP PHOTO: EDWIN FONG
He may have retired from competitive football more than a year ago, but Aleksandar Duric still looked every bit as poised in front of the camera flashes and swooning fans yesterday.
The 45-year-old was at Books Kinokuniya at Ngee Ann City to launch his autobiography Beyond Borders.
The 245-page book details his life, from his formative years in the former Yugoslavia, to competing at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics as a canoeist, before charting his nomadic career as a footballer, which saw him play for clubs in Australia, China and Singapore, which has become his adopted home.
"I feel like a Singaporean," Duric said. "Even though I'm not born here, I'm trying my best to promote Singapore on the sports world map."
Beyond Borders is available at major bookstores at $25 each. - AQIL HAZIQ MAHMUD
Get The New Paper on your phone with the free TNP app. Download from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store nowNorthern Uganda Peace Process: The Need To Maintain Momentum..Anxiety Channel
Topics
Medications
Quicklinks
Related Channels
Anxiety Articles A-Z
Xanax - Zoloft Xanax Drug Interactions
This page contains links to eMedTV Anxiety Articles containing information on subjects from Xanax to Zoloft Xanax Drug Interactions. The information is organized alphabetically; the "Favorite Articles" contains the top articles on this page. Links in the box will take you directly to the articles; those same links are available with a short description further down the page.
Favorite Articles
- Xanax
- Xanax 0.25 mg Side Effects
- Xanax 0.25 mg Tablets
- Xanax 0.5 mg Tablets
- Xanax 1 mg Tablets
- Xanax 2 mg Tablets
- Xanax Addiction
- Xanax and Alcohol
- Xanax and Breastfeeding
- Xanax and Pregnancy
- Xanax and Sex Drive
- Xanax and Weight Gain
- Xanax Dangers
- Xanax Dosage
- Xanax Drug Information
- Xanax Drug Interactions
- Xanax Drug Side Effects
- Xanax for Anxiety
- Xanax for Panic Disorder
- Xanax Indications
- Xanax Maximum Dosage
- Xanax Medication
- Xanax Medicine
- Xanax Oral
- Xanax Overdose
- Xanax Pills
- Xanax Risks
- Xanax Safety
- Xanax Sexual Side Effects
- Xanax Side Affects
- Xanax Side Effects
- Xanax Substitute
- Xanax Tablets
- Xanax Uses
- Xanax Warnings and Precautions
- Xanax Weight Change
- Xanax Withdraw
- Xanax Withdrawal
- Xanax Withdrawal Symptoms
- Xanax Withdrawl
- Xanax Withdrawls
- Xanex
- Xanex Dosage
- Xanix
- Xannax
- Xenax
- Zanax
- Zanax Addiction
- Zanax and Alcohol
- Zanax Side Effects
- Zanex
- Zanex Side Effects
- Zanix
- Zannex
- Zoloft Xanax Drug Interactions
Descriptions of Articles
- XanaxIf you have panic disorder or anxiety, your healthcare provider may prescribe Xanax. This page on the eMedTV site explains how this prescription drug works and offers an in-depth look at its effects, dosing information, and possible side effects.
- Xanax 0.25 mg Side EffectsSide effects are possible with Xanax (even with the lowest strength, 0.25 mg Xanax). Side effects, as this eMedTV Web page explains, may include fatigue and tiredness, coordination problems, drowsiness, and increased appetite.
- Xanax 0.25 mg TabletsFor anxiety treatment, it is recommended that people start with the lowest possible Xanax strength. As this eMedTV Web page explains, many people take either 0.25 mg Xanax tablets or 0.5 mg Xanax tablets (one tablet, three times a day).
- Xanax 0.5 mg TabletsHigh Xanax dosages are often necessary to control the symptoms of panic disorder. As this eMedTV article explains, however, it is recommended that you start with 0.5 mg Xanax tablets (one tablet, three times a day) and slowly increase your dose.
- Xanax 1 mg TabletsHigher.
- Xanax 2 mg TabletsThere are four different strengths available for Xanax tablets; the 2 mg strength is the highest. This eMedTV article lists the other available strengths and provides Xanax dosage recommendations for the treatment of anxiety and panic disorder.
- Xanax AddictionWhen Xanax is taken daily in high doses or for a long time, it is possible to become addicted to the drug. This eMedTV article discusses Xanax addiction in more detail and describes the symptoms that may occur when the drug is stopped.
- Xanax and AlcoholDrinking alcohol while taking Xanax can increase your risk of serious reactions. As this eMedTV page explains, since Xanax and alcohol are both CNS depressants, they can both slow the activity of the brain. Combining the two is not recommended.
- Xanax and BreastfeedingTaking Xanax while breastfeeding can potentially cause serious problems in the nursing infant. This eMedTV Web page further discusses Xanax and breastfeeding, and describes the side effects that the medicine could possibly cause in breastfed babies.
- Xanax and PregnancyIt is generally recommended that you avoid taking Xanax while pregnant. This eMedTV Web page offers more information on Xanax and pregnancy, including a description of the possible risks to a fetus when a pregnant woman takes the medicine.
- Xanax and Sex DriveAs this eMedTV Web segment explains, there are several possible sexual side effects of Xanax, including impotence and a decreased sex drive. Xanax sexual side effects have been studied in clinical trials, and this article discusses those results.
- Xanax and Weight GainWeight gain may potentially occur with the use of Xanax. This section of the eMedTV archives discusses Xanax and weight gain in more detail, explains how common this side effect appears to be, and offers tips for weight loss.
- Xanax DangersXanax is a controlled substance that can cause psychological and physical dependence. This eMedTV segment discusses other potential dangers of Xanax and explains what you should discuss with your doctor before starting this medication.
- Xanax DosageA person's starting Xanax dosage is based on factors like the medical condition being treated. This eMedTV Web page offers dosing guidelines for the treatment of panic disorder and anxiety, and provides tips and precautions for taking the drug.
- Xanax Drug InformationXanax is a medication that is available by prescription to treat anxiety and panic disorder. This article on the eMedTV site contains more drug information on Xanax and explains what you should discuss with your doctor before starting this medicine.
- Xanax Drug InteractionsBarbiturates and cimetidine are among the drugs that can potentially cause Xanax drug interactions. This eMedTV article lists other drugs that may cause drug interactions with Xanax and describes the potential side effects that may occur as a result.
- Xanax Drug Side EffectsSome of the potential side effects of Xanax may include drowsiness and an increased appetite. This eMedTV Web resource describes other possible Xanax drug side effects, including potentially serious side effects that require immediate medical care.
- Xanax for AnxietyAs this eMedTV page explains, anxiety treatment is the most common use of Xanax, but the drug is also approved for the treatment of panic disorder. This article takes a closer look at using this drug for generalized anxiety disorder and other conditions.
- Xanax for Panic DisorderConditions such as generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder can be treated with Xanax. This eMedTV article explains how the drug works for panic disorder and describes the effects of this prescription medication.
- Xanax IndicationsAs this eMedTV page discusses, Xanax is a prescription medication used to treat several conditions, such as anxiety and panic disorder. This Web page takes a closer look at Xanax indications, including possible "off-label" uses of the medication.
- Xanax Maximum DosageHigher Xanax doses are needed to treat panic disorder, but it is advised to start with a lower dose. This eMedTV segment offers more detailed dosing guidelines for this drug. Maximum dosage recommendations for Xanax are also discussed in this article.
- Xanax MedicationA benzodiazepine medication, Xanax is a drug that is commonly used for anxiety treatment. This part of the eMedTV Web site explains how Xanax works, describes its effects, and offers general dosing guidelines for the product.
- Xanax MedicineXanax is licensed for the treatment of panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. This page from the eMedTV Web site offers more information about the specific uses of the medicine and describes the effects of Xanax in greater detail.
- Xanax OralAn oral medication, Xanax is a drug that is often prescribed for treating anxiety and panic disorder. As this eMedTV segment explains, it has been shown to help reduce anxiety and relax muscles. This article offers more dosing information on this product.
- Xanax OverdoseConfusion, coordination problems, and drowsiness are a few common symptoms of a Xanax overdose. This eMedTV resource lists other possible symptoms and explains what treatment options are available for an overdose with this medication.
- Xanax PillsAs this eMedTV Web page explains, Xanax pills are commonly prescribed to treat anxiety or panic disorder. This article takes a closer look at Xanax, including how it works, available strengths, and more.
- Xanax RisksXanax is classified as a controlled substance, meaning it has the potential to be abused. This part of the eMedTV library explores other risks with Xanax and lists some of the most common side effects that have been reported with this medication.
- Xanax SafetyAs this eMedTV page explains, you may not be able to take Xanax safely if you have certain medical conditions, such as glaucoma or lung problems. This page further discusses other Xanax safety precautions, including possible side effects of the drug.
- Xanax Sexual Side EffectsIt is possible to develop certain sexual side effects while taking Xanax. As this eMedTV segment explains, these Xanax sexual side effects may include changes in sex drive, impotence, or other types of sexual dysfunction.
- Xanax Side AffectsDecreased appetite and irritability are among the side effects that have been reported with Xanax. This eMedTV page also lists serious Xanax side effects that require medical attention. Xanax side affects is a common misspelling of Xanax side effects.
- Xanax Side EffectsIrritability, memory problems, and drowsiness are some of the most common side effects of Xanax. This eMedTV resource offers a more complete list of potential side effects of this medication, including serious side effects requiring medical attention.
- Xanax SubstituteYou may want to consider a substitute for Xanax if you experience any side effects while taking the drug. As this eMedTV resource explains, there are two major drug classes used for treating anxiety (antidepressants and anti-anxiety medications).
- Xanax TabletsAvailable as tablets, Xanax is a prescription medicine approved for treating anxiety and panic disorder. As this eMedTV article explains, it works by enhancing the effects of a naturally calming brain chemical.
- Xanax UsesXanax is a drug that is used for treating anxiety and panic disorder. This page on the eMedTV site explains whether the drug can be used in children and lists a few possible "off-label" Xanax uses.
- Xanax Warnings and PrecautionsXanax can potentially cause difficulty breathing and severe drowsiness, which may be life-threatening. This eMedTV page provides other important Xanax warnings and precautions, including information on who should not take the medication.
- Xanax Weight ChangeThere are several possible side effects of Xanax, and weight change is one of them. This selection from the eMedTV Web library explains how Xanax may cause weight gain in some people, and offers tips on how to control any weight changes.
- Xanax WithdrawStopping Xanax too quickly may lead to withdrawal symptoms, such as vomiting, hallucinations, and seizures. This eMedTV Web article describes Xanax withdrawal in more detail. Xanax withdraw is a common misspelling of Xanax withdrawal.
- Xanax WithdrawalCommon Xanax withdrawal symptoms may include dizziness, panic attacks, and insomnia. This eMedTV segment lists other withdrawal symptoms, describes the dangers they can present, and explains how to help prevent them when stopping the drug.
- Xanax Withdrawal SymptomsAs this eMedTV page explains, stopping Xanax too quickly can cause serious withdrawal symptoms. This article gives an overview of possible Xanax withdrawal symptoms, as well as information on how your healthcare provider may help you avoid these problems.
- Xanax WithdrawlXanax withdrawal may cause symptoms such as anxiety, depression, and a fever. This eMedTV article explains why these problems occur and describes other possible signs of withdrawal. Xanax withdrawl is a common misspelling of Xanax withdrawal.
- Xanax WithdrawlsA few symptoms of Xanax withdrawal include hallucinations, anxiety, and seizures. This eMedTV page explains how to prevent Xanax withdrawal and lists other possible symptoms that may occur. Xanax withdrawls is a common misspelling of Xanax withdrawal.
- XanexXanax is a prescription medication that is used for treating anxiety and panic disorder. This part of the eMedTV library describes the effects of Xanax and offers general dosing information for the drug. Xanex is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- Xanex DosageFor anxiety treatment, Xanax dosing usually starts at 0.25 mg to 0.5 mg three times daily. This eMedTV article also offers Xanax dosage recommendations for the treatment of panic disorder. Xanex dosage is a common misspelling of Xanax dosage.
- XanixXanax is a prescription anxiety medication. As this eMedTV page explains, it is also approved for treating panic disorder. This page describes the effects and side effects, and links to more information. Xanix is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- XannaxXanax is a medication that is available by prescription to treat anxiety and panic disorder. This page from the eMedTV Web site describes the effects of Xanax and lists some of its potential side effects. Xannax is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- XenaxXanax is a prescription medicine approved to treat panic disorder and anxiety. This eMedTV article explains how Xanax works and lists conditions to tell your healthcare provider about before starting treatment. Xenax is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- ZanaxXanax is a drug that is licensed to treat panic disorder and anxiety. This page on the eMedTV Web site further describes Xanax and its uses, dosing information, and possible side effects. Zanax is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- Zanax AddictionTaking high doses of Xanax or using the drug for long periods of time can potentially lead to addiction. This eMedTV page explains why Xanax addiction requires medical attention. Zanax addiction is a common misspelling of Xanax addiction.
- Zanax and AlcoholDrinking alcohol while taking Xanax can potentially be dangerous. As this eMedTV page explains, Xanax and alcohol can both slow brain activity, increasing the risk of serious reactions. Zanax and alcohol is a common misspelling of Xanax and alcohol.
- Zanax Side EffectsCommon Xanax side effects may include increased appetite and drowsiness. This eMedTV article also lists potentially serious side effects that require immediate medical attention. Zanax side effects is a common misspelling of Xanax side effects.
- ZanexXanax, a drug available by prescription, is used for the treatment of panic disorder and anxiety. This eMedTV page briefly covers the uses and effects of Xanax and provides a link to more detailed information. Zanex is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- Zanex Side EffectsXanax may cause drowsiness, fatigue, or memory problems in some people. This eMedTV segment lists other Xanax side effects, including serious problems that require medical attention. Zanex side effects is a common misspelling of Xanax side effects.
- ZanixA doctor may prescribe Xanax to help treat anxiety or panic disorder. This eMedTV resource describes the effects of Xanax and explains what conditions you must tell your doctor about before starting treatment. Zanix is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- ZannexXanax, a prescription medicine, is approved for treating panic disorder and anxiety. This eMedTV page explains how Xanax works, lists side effects that may occur, and links to more information about the drug. Zannex is a common misspelling of Xanax.
- Zoloft Xanax Drug InteractionsXanax could potentially interact with antidepressants, such as Zoloft. Drug interactions with Xanax, as this eMedTV page explains, can increase your risk of developing side effects (such as difficulty breathing, memory loss, confusion, or drowsiness).MCV/Q, Medical College of Virginia Quarterly
Volume 11, Issue 1 (1975)
Full Issue
Front Matter
Introduction
Leo J. Dunn
Articles
Modern Management of Diabetic Pregnancies
Elsie R. Carrington
The Endocrinologic Evaluation of Amenorrhea
Charles B. Hammond, R. Herbert Wiebe, Lee Tyrey, and David Schomberg
Amenorrhea Due to Defects in Steroid Biosynthesis
H. Oliver Williamson and Rajesh S. Mathur
Patient Factors Limiting Success of Cancer Detection
Dean R. Goplerud
Radical Hysterectomy for Carcinoma of the Cervix
John J. Mikuta
Our firm has extensive experience in negotiating power contracts and related transactions for our energy clients. We have negotiated and draft power supply contracts for our clients with many of the industry’s largest power marketers. We have also negotiated procurement, fuel, transportation and pole attachment contracts to assist our clients’ operations. We have also assisted our clients with the purchase and the construction of power plants. We are experienced in assisting our clients in resolving disputes under power contracts and related agreements.product #:
WS-9415
Product Description
These antique key charms will encourage guests to unlock any mystery you set before them. Add the appeal of secrecy and mystery to any wedding favor, special announcement or stationery. The antique brass finish has a nice aged effect for secrets well kept.
Product Details
COLOR: Brass finish.
SIZE: 15/16" x 2-1Lucy-Jane Williams‘ portfolio caught our eye in december last year and not just for her exciting visual style, anyone who openly admits to producing “cheap, disposable and usually illegal” sets is going to catch our attention!
What we like about Lucy’s scenography portfolio is her clarity of purpose and identity as an artist, her open and accessible presentation of herself is both easy to read and informative, and ultimately what sells us as designers to prospective directors and companies is a combination of both our artistic abilities and our personality.
I work where I can. I am under the impression that what ever can be done with lots of money would work much better without it. My sets are cheap, disposable and usually illegal. I am a theif. I refuse to pay for material which I would much rather rescue from skips, dustbins and forgotten corners of the institutions I move among. Long live Junk.
Discussioncomparing Medicare advantage
to Medicare supplement plans:
What about Medicare Advantage?
Medicare Advantage is an option for people on Medicare A&B. People always ask me how an insurance agent can offer them a Medicare Advantage plan with Zero premium? Well, how a Medicare advantage plan works is, when you sign up for a Medicare Advantage plan, the program takes over as your primary insurer, and Medicare pays that company a monthly premium to take all your risk from Medicare and put it on that private insurance company. They send these companies a lot of money, several thousand dollars a year. So there are significant commissions in it for insurance agents. All that being said, you get what you pay for is an excellent quote for Medicare Advantage.
There are a lot of out of pocket expenses involved with Medicare advantage, cost sharing and co-pays for everything that you do. However, where most people struggle with advantage, is not having control over their health care.
Most advantage plans nowadays are HMO (Health Maintenance Organizations) which means they manage your healthcare. There is nothing worse than being sick or having significant health conditions and being at the mercy of your insurance company for treatment. It is not uncommon to have to jump through several hoops and get many referrals before receiving any expensive treatment. Let’s use an example, Mrs. Jones has Medicare A&B plus a Medicare supplement. Mrs. Jones goes to her doctor and the doctor says, Mrs. Jones, you’re going to need a $40,000 surgery, well Mrs. Jones meets with her surgeon and in the next month gets her surgery, hopefully that solves her problem and she can move on with life. Now, Mrs. Jones has an HMO Medicare advantage plan, Mrs. Jones goes the doctor and again the doctor says, Mrs. Jones you need a $40,000 surgery, her advantage plan doesn’t want to pay for it, so they send her to one of their “in-network” specialists, she meets with the specialist and the specialist says, before surgery, we should try physical therapy first ( so her advantage plan doesn’t have to spend $40,000). Mrs. Jones tries Physical therapy for 2 months, it doesn’t work, and 6 months down the road she ends up getting the same surgery she would have received had she had original Medicare plus a supplement. This is a scenario with just a simple surgery. When you develop serious Medicare conditions, Heart issues, Cancer, Respiratory issues, Kidney disease, anything where you’re going to be seeing a lot of doctors and specialists, the HMO scrutiny becomes much more intense. The entire premise of an HMO advantage plan is to manage your health care to save the company money. The company considers it as keeping, you-the policy holder, from wasteful spending of the advantage plans money. As if receiving quality healthcare is wasteful spending.
The Real cost of Medicare advantage, is not being able to get good health insurance when you need it. Once you develop Medicare conditions and start having problems with a Medicare Advantage plan, you won’t be able to return to original Medicare and purchase a Supplement. A Medicare Supplement must be purchased when you first start Medicare, or by passing underwriting with your good health. So, by the time most people realize how weak their health insurance is with Medicare Advantage, it is already too late, and they’re stuck on the plan.
All that being said, with original Medicare and a Medicare supplement, you can go to any doctor or go to any hospital in the entire country, as long as they accept Medicare, you can go there. There is no managed care with Medicare either; you have control over your healthcare.Financial Planning Post Graduate Certificate - Posgrado en Planificación Financiera
- Presencial
The Graduate Diploma in Financial Planning is designed to develop or upgrade your investment, financial planning, taxation knowledge and skills for a career in personal financial advisory.
Suitable if you are seeking an exciting career working with clients to build long lasting and trusted relationships, providing sound financial guidance and education. This postgraduate program is designed to provide you with the Australian Securities and Investment Commission’s (ASIC) Regulatory Guidelines 146 (RG146) compliance assessed at AQF Level 9, Tax Agent Service Act (2009)/Tax Practitioners Board’s Tax (Financial) Advisor requirements in commercial law and taxation for financial planner’s compliance.
Taught by leading Finance and Taxation academics at UNSW Business School, this program provides you with a distinguished level of training to advance in the career of personal financial and investment advisory. Suitable for working professionals, you can choose from a combination of online and face-to-face courses to suit your work/life balance. Graduate Diploma in Financial program consists 8 courses (48 UOC):
Complete 6)
Complete 2 elective courses (12 UOC) from the following list:
ACTL5401 Retirement Planning (6 UOC)
FINS5543 Aged Care Planning (6 UOC)
TABL5511 Legal Foundations of Business (6 UOC)
TABL5527 Tax Strategies in Fin Planning (6 UOC)
TABL5540 SMSF Law (6 UOC)
Flexible Study Options
The Graduate Diploma in Financial Planning courses may be completed in a face-to-face mode or in online mode. Both modes have access to an online course website where you will find all of the study materials, resources and learning activities for your studies.
Given the rapid growth in the investment management and retirement planning demand in the dynamic Australian investment and regulatory environment, ample career opportunities are available. Career prospects include Personal financial advisor, para-planner with leading organisations or financial services firmsThere are 32 local authorities in Scotland and Orkney with a population of 21,700 is the smallest.
Orkney Islands Council (OIC)
Orkney has the second highest rate in Scotland for spending on public services at £3,558 per person. The local authority is responsible for schools, social services, housing, recreational facilities, refuse collection, planning and the funding of many other services and organisations that directly affect us.
The recently published Scottish Local Government Financial Statistics 2015-16 shows us where both our local and national taxes are being spent with Education by far the largest use of local funding closely followed by Social Services .
After a council tax freeze agreed in 2007-8, charges in Orkney are set to rise by 3%, which would increase the Band D annual charge to £1,068. Orkney , has almost half of its dwellings in the lowest bands of A – B and very few in the highest bands E – H (based on 1991 market values). It did have the second lowest Band D rate in Scotland at £1,037 compared to the Scottish average of £1,149.
The Band D rate is set by the local authority and the other rates are calculated from it. Currently Orkney has the lowest figure in Scotland for Council Tax Income collected on chargeable dwellings.
The Council Tax Reduction (CTR ) scheme was introduced in 2013 to help the most vulnerable in our communities including people on low incomes, pensioners and single parents. In Orkney this amounts to £733,000 and is made up of money from the Scottish Government, UK Government and the OIC.
Council Tax Income for Orkney, 2015 – 2016 on chargeable dwellings brought in £7,879,000 and for non-domestic properties ( of which there are 2,106) £9,136,000. The Rateable Value (RV) of non-domestic properties is broadly based on the rental value and is not a reflection of the profitability of the business or organisation. The RV is determined by Scottish Assessors who are independent of both the Scottish Government and local authorities.
There is a range of rate reliefs available for non-domestic properties. The figures for Orkney are:
- Empty property: £327,000
- Charities:£ 855,000
- Sports Clubs: £53,000
- Disabled Persons relief: £225,000
- Small Business Bonus Scheme (SBBS): £1,274,000
- Religious Exemption: £161,000
- Rural Rate Relief: £259,000
- Renewable Energy Relief Scheme: £400,000 (introduced 01/04/2010)
- Other: £28,000
- Total: £3,582,000
*Other includes Hardship and Enterprise Areas.
All local authorities also have revenue reserves and assets.
‘On 1 April 2015 local authorities [in Scotland] had total revenue reserves of £1.84 billion; over the course of the year this increased by £0.05 billion (2.6%) to stand at £1.89 billion on 31st March 2016’.The first thing that comes to mind when talking about home insulation is a comfortable living environment. However, not all homeowners grasp all the benefits that the right insulation material and a proper installation can bring them. Perhaps you are in the same situation yourself – you know that insulating a building is necessary, but are not completely aware of all the ins and outs of such a project. If you have not replaced your home insulation in quite some time, then perhaps this is the next thing to do, but for you to be truly determined to take care of this task as soon as possible, you should know more about the advantages you will benefit from. A spray foam insulation job handled by an experienced and reliable insulation company in Toronto will offer you the following perks:
It will lower your energy bills
One of the first, and most relevant reasons why the quality of your home insulation counts is giving you the chance to lower your energy bills. If your walls, ceiling and attic are not completely sealed against air drafts, then you will be determined to use your heating system to its maximum capacity, which will lead to a higher energy consumption. Your insulation plays an essential role in preventing energy loss, so if you want to reduce heating or air conditioning costs, give this topic more attention. With an insulation replacement, you can notice amazing improvements, and saving money on bills is a sure thing.
Indoor comfort
It can seem difficult to maintain a comfortable indoor temperature during harsh winter days or unbearably hot summer days, but you should know that a proper insulation can bring you the solution you needed. If you choose the right material, your indoor temperature will be regulated, and your home environment will be a comfy one, even during extreme weather. Specialists usually recommend spray foam, which has the highest R value and can also fill in any cracks or gaps that may allow air drafts to slip in.
It will reduce noise pollution
Last but not least, high quality home insulation can also reduce noise pollution. If you live in a central area or a noisy neighbourhood, then unpleasant sounds are probably disturbing your life on a daily basis. Because it holds sound absorption qualities, insulation will prevent unwanted ambiance sounds from entering your home. Regardless if it is generated from appliances, loud conversations or cars, noise reduction is a guarantee. This is a detail that the majority of people do not know, but it is another reason why home insulation is highly important.
Not all homeowners truly understand the relevance of proper home insulation and end up wasting energy or dealing with an uncomfortable indoor temperature. Now that you have learned more about the benefits of high quality insulation, perhaps you will give the topic more consideration, and even think about replacing your old one during your next remodeling project. Remember to only hire pros for this job, who can provide you with the project results desired.“At first, I am giving energy to the creation, but later the creation seems to be giving energy to me.” – Robert Fritz
Yesterday’s blog was about being “well-cared-for,” and about the lethargic sleep that being “well-cared-for” creates. When asleep, we attend to our needs without giving much if any consideration to others or to the context. The “well-cared-for” sleep creates a predictability and orderliness that puts us into a false state of trust. We give over to it without truly knowing what we’re doing. That trust is the projection of ourselves cast on the surface of still water. We can easily put our hands through image our trust creates. The “well-cared-for” sleep gives us our needs in exactly the manner that we want them. We are lulled into complacency and sleep.
Today, I want to look at what “waking up” might mean. One way is to look the Parsifal myth and how it points to our need to “wake up” from predictability and the “well-cared-for” sleep.
One one side, we have the sense of predictability and orderliness that seems to be the very triumph of ingenuity and intellect. Where ever there is orderliness, there is trust, and companionship, and fulfilment (all three). These are the natural products of destiny. No one can argue with this type of pre-ordained fulfillment. We feel it, and sense it, and know it as our natural birthright. This is what we are supposed to lay claim to while we are part of this world.
On other side, we have Parsifal’s dilemma. An awareness that something is wrong, amiss, or altogether missing AND a complete inability to name it or even to approach it. On this side, there is a great procession of orderliness and precision. It is all that we would have ever expected, and yet by its being so completely fulfilled, there is something oddly lacking, something so lacking that we cannot name it or even approach with any real understanding.
The name ‘Parsifal’ means ‘young fool.’ Here is a lad watching this procession and he knows he must ask a question — but the rules of courtly life, decorum, and tradition forbid him from speaking. The fullness of the moment passes and the youthful fool is cast out for having failed to ‘wake up’ enough to genuinely put himself into the moment. The scene which just unfolded required some question. What was it that Parsifal failed to notice?
There are many versions of the Parsifal myth (and just as many versions of what it might mean), but through all of them — there is a strong emphasis on awakening and on shaking off the blinders that keep us in the same, but un-fulfilling lives. Every Parsifal myth is about waking up.
To solve the Parsifal dilemma, we must offer ourselves in the moment because there is something more than just our fulfillment at stake. And while that sounds idealistic, or utopian, or simplistic, the critical shift in our being asleep or awake lies in the fullness of who we bring into the room. We cannot know that something other than our fulfillment is at stake without our first being present. Any lulling complacency actually robs us of ourselves.
When Parsifal first met the procession, he did not bring himself into the room (the young and irrepressibly foolish one — that person — was completely silent). The requirement of every moment is to show up and genuinely BE who you are, and not assume the image of compliance.
Predictability and orderliness may be the very triumph of ingenuity and intellect, but without the human image somewhere in the forefront, the image which that ingenuity and intellect seeks is a soulless mirage, a mirage of deadly tyranny.
As much as we want to believe that trust, and companionship, and fulfilment are the natural accompaniments of predictability and orderliness, if we leave ourselves out – then we cannot feel it, and sense it, and know it as our natural birthright — as participants in something larger than ourselves.
So what was it that Parsifal failed to notice? That he was part of the image which he created AND that he could include himself in that image. Not only the decorous, respectful, and compliant “Parsifal,” but the foolish and inquisitive “Parsifal” as well.
And how did that awareness lead to his realization that something other than his fulfillment is at stake? He understood the context and he allowed the context to give him the energy he needed to be more fully himself.
The question Parsifal asks is: ‘To whom does the grail serve?’
The same could be asked of orderliness and precision. The “cared for” sleep is a sleep that leaves us out. When asleep, we attend to our needs without giving much if any consideration to others or to the context. And then — we lose the point — that there is something other than our fulfillment at stake. But how do we get the energy to wake up?
Robert Fritz is on to something: “At first, I am giving energy to the creation, but later the creation seems to be giving energy to me.” If we genuinely place ourselves into the images that we create, we are much more likely to take energy from them. We learn to hold our fullest selves so we can sense something other than our fulfillment.
Thanks for listening!{I am a bit embarrassed to share this but do so in hopes that it will encourage others.}
For a lot of family members and friends, it is hard for them to realize that your “let’s-go-get-coffee-on-the-spot" schedule must be altered. Or, perhaps you were like me in the beginning and you were the culprit. I flirted with the two life-styles. I was a homeschooling mother when there wasn’t anything else to do on the social calendar!
Tupperware parties, baby showers of old friends (I’m sure I can come up with their names if I really tried!) and occasional invitations to Starbucks (Just how many “times” does it take to call something occasional?) were beginning to overpower the days I spent at home with my child. Then, I would get frustrated when I didn't finish all those neat projects I had planned for our school. The house certainly wasn’t cleaning itself and the dinners were getting skimpier by the meal. By the end of the day I was tired, wiped out and grumpy from trying to get it all done. Could I really home educate? The answer is yes, if I truly dedicated myself to our home and our school!
Help from Your Husband
I wish I could say I was the mastermind in the area of reducing, but it was truly my husband who helped me to crop and chop my calendar of events. I can tend to be the “I don’t want to hurt their feelings by not going person” while my husband helped me to realize that the family God gave me were the ones that were getting hurt. The impatient mother and snappy wife were teaching something, but not the skills I had in mind! It was time to show my dedication to my family and my home.
Prioritize Your Calendar
Yes, there are times when a baby shower is in order (the key here is “close” family and friends) or a jaunt to a coffee shop to do some catching up. Consider Saturdays when father is home to bond with the children or when a friend is really in “need”. As far as the “product” parties go, you can politely call the hostess and say you made a commitment to homeschooling your children that you take seriously but would be glad for a catalog. She will be just as pleased (and maybe even impressed). Perhaps you can limit some of your social activities to once of month and give grandmother some special bonding time with the grandchildren on that day. The bottom line is that your home schedule should dominate your social calendar.
Telephone Time
Maybe you are already in tune with this simple philosophy and it’s not the running around that is draining you but the constant telephone calls. That was my second problem once we faced the first problem. (Yes, I am a slow learner.) We would be in the middle of a craft with paint all over my hands and sure enough the phone would ring. Of course, I would run like a maniac trying to answer it (Isn’t there something about “curiosity killing the cat”?) with my elbows (which I assure you wasn’t what the Creator had in mind as their function) only to find it was a telemarketer or perhaps as it was this time, someone who wanted to see “what’s new” in my life. As I politely begin to “chit-chat”, I notice paint dripping down my skirt onto my carpet and “frustrated” mother is officially on the loose again! I ask my friend if I can call her back in a few hours since I am in the middle of a project. “Oh no!” she answers, “I’ll be at work by then and can’t be disturbed there.” Finally, a light goes on in my head. This homeschool is my work and I shouldn’t be disturbed either.
Take Charge of Your Hours
Yes, dear ladies, the answer is that easy. If you have an answering machine you can simply leave the following message and you will feel liberated by the second! “Thank you for calling the ________ residence, we are not able to answer the phone right now but will return most calls after 2 o’clock”. We usually finish up “formal” schooling by noon (I say “formal” because our children are learning all day long!) but I include lunch and clean up in the time mentioned so that I can get everything in order before someone expects a phone call returned. Perhaps you will say 3 or 4 o’clock. The basic idea is to leave your self completely available to your homeschooling whims during the day.
Time to Appreciate Time
Let us be honest with ourselves, everything goes smoother when mother is home ruling the roost. When you have more control of the laundry, organization of your home and management of your meals. That is the recipe for a smooth, homeschooling day. You will have more patience to teach that math problem, administer to those cuts and bruises, and hush any quarreling with the children.
Benjamin Franklin once wrote, “Do not squander time for that is the stuff life is made of”. A homeschooling mother can think in the same terms, “Do not squander time for that is the stuff homeschooling is made of.” And when you have surrendered your schedule to your family, blessings will abound. You will reap what you sow (Galations 6)!
Other Tips to Simplify Your Homeschooling Days
Homemaking Helps for the Homeschooling Mother
For free Unit Studies, Charlotte Mason Ideas and Homeschool Helps, Visit.
Your post is full of good ideas. I like the phone message that says calls will be returned after two, and your thinking that home schooling is your work, and not to be interrupted with phone chats. The paintings are lovely, I must say.
Thank you Terra for taking the time to share! It always is helpful to know what is of interest to the dear readers. Sometimes we think maybe it is just "me" with certain problems and so you hesitate to share in certain areas...
This is my second attempt to post a comment, hope it doesn't show up twice. Just want to say I like your post and the phone message that says calls will be returned after two, and that homeschooling is your work and not to be interrupted with phone chats. Pretty paintings too.
Thank you Terra for taking the time to share! It always is helpful to know what is of interest to the dear readers. Sometimes we think maybe it is just "me" with certain problems and so you hesitate to share in certain areas...
I love this! I always tell people this has been one of my biggest struggles when homeschooling. People know I'm home and expect that means I'm home twiddling my thumbs. I get requests from family members and neighbors asking me to do things like meet the plumber since they can't in the middle of the day, or people always expecting me to be the one visiting them, since I "have more time on my hands." It's especially hard on those days when homeschooling goes later into the afternoon, or on snow days, and then there are neighbor children coming over and interrupting. I always feel terrible because I want people to count on me, I want friends to feel like our home is always welcome, but on the other hand, we need to get stuff done sometimes too!!
Yes, it is a difficult balance! My husband really was a blessing in this area since men tend to think more practically while I can oftentimes be too emotional and make a mess of things. We certainly don't have "more time on our hands", we just have a different kind of "work". Thanks for sharing!
Hello Jes it's Sandra from France as you know I'm not homeschooling my children but I take care of them and be at home. I struggle a lot those days with my housekeeping and one of my problem is social media. I'm so frustrated at the end of the day because my home project don't goes has I want and then be irritated and yell of my children!! I have to pray and cut down my social media time. Thank you for your post today, it's remind me what my priorities are. Blessings
Hi Sandra! Nice to hear from you again :) I know many of us have that struggle as well! When I find that evil urge to go online when I should be doing something else, I shut off the computer AND unplug it. It sounds so simple but it does wonders!!! Then I put on some inspirational music and enjoy my homemaking :)
You re right Jes
This is lovely written Jes and reminds me of the book I'm currently reading "The Best Yes" by Lysa Terkeurst. I'll share with some homeschool moms I know. Love the beautiful graphics you pair with this message. ~ Abby
Thank you Abby for your sweet support! :)
JES-What a great post.... your transparency is wonderful and will probably be understood by most women reading this. I have had some similar struggles and I, too, was so helped to realize that this stuff at home IS important and that IS my obligation. It is amazing how many women/church people/etc will "guilt trip" a person into doing more than they should.... and it is so freeing to pull back, knowing that we are honoring and obeying God and our husband
. I heard a program by Elizabeth Elliot several years ago that really helped to solidify this for me... she said something like... Ladies, you can't be a keeper at home... if you are not AT home." Something like that, but it sure stuck with me and I found it easier to say no to the parties, the ladies' activities, the fun stuff, the extra responsibilities that others expected of me and not feel the need to defend doing my work at home. :)
Thanks for sharing and encouraging Joy! The interesting part is, is that the older women I know aren't doing all those "fun activities" when they are no longer raising children but are looking for ways to spend time with their families and grandchildren. This tells me that the best times are enjoying what is in front of me right now.
Thank you!
Nice to hear from you Carolien, I hope this was a help in some way!
JES, these are WONDERFUL words, chock full of wisdom from someone who truly understands. It seems that it is so hard for those who do not homeschool to understand or fully comprehend that our work in teaching our children is every bit as important (even more so) than their whims and demands upon our time. I know exactly what you mean and could relate to so many of the things you said. I appreciate your transparency and honesty and the wonderful advice. I, too, have learned to let go of many things for the sake of what is most important. Some day, if God spares time and our lives, there will be time to do those outings....for now, these precious hours with our children are most precious and going by way too fast.
I couldn't have said it better, thank you Cheryl!!! :)
Homeschooling is behind me now that our girls are grown, but I do have a comment I can't hold back:
I'm so glad we are past the Tupperware party era, lol!
Have a great evening. :)
You are too funny!!! :)
Taking on the responsibility to home school one's children is a serious one and of course requires complete dedication, concentration and maybe, at times, as you have illustrated, giving up other activities, due to scheduling of lessons. But, as you have found, it is a small price to pay for the many, many days of bonding, teaching, learning, and sharing with one's children, not to mention, the countless memories both parent and child will cherish in their lives.
Thanks for sharing your own experience with homeschooling, JES.
Poppy
Hi Poppy, I really appreciate you sharing here on this homeschooling article and pointing out the blessings of home education! I do agree with you wholeheartedly :)
While I don't homeschool... and I "hate" the phone so I don't use it much.... however, I can certainly relate to a lot of what you shared.
I know - it's a struggle - to see my home and my being at home as always top priority - that said, I don't know what is because I am a stay at home mom. I do care for my home and family... but it is not always with JOY!! (now, I'm embarrassed) ((sigh!!)) I just really appreciate your candidness here this morning...(as I read!).
Thanks for sharing Bevy! I think we all struggle these days with so much distractions (internet, entertainment, coffee shops...)! Keeping focus takes work but is very rewarding! Our homes will be that peaceful haven we all desire once we invest ourselves (with our time)...
Praying that many, many homeschooling moms find this post! So well written, JES. :) Thank you!
Hi Lisa, It is nice to hear from you! Thanks for stopping to share and encourage :)
Thank you so much for this!! As a homeschooling mom in a small rural community full with mostly retired people. It has been hard to get the point across that schooling is my job. I am trying not to be rude but we don't have time for the 5 drop-in visits or 10 phone calls a day.
Yes, it can be very hard and does need to be handled carefully... The drop-ins we can't control but we can with the phone calls. Perhaps maintaining your homeschooling position when someone arrives would be a thought... We can say something like, "would you like to sit in while we continue our homeschool? I can prepare you some tea but we need to finish our course and keep schedule as we have material to cover before year end...." God give you wisdom!
Thanks so much for sharing! I feel like I struggle with a similar problem -- but it comes from trying to bite off more than I can chew inside the home! While balancing working to help my husband and managing the house, I load on elaborate meals, pinterest projects, crafts, and other fun but not all together necessary homemaking activities. The result? The necessary homemaking activities such as laundry, dishes, and cleanings fall to the wayside. Alas!
I keep thinking about verses from the Bible that talk about denying yourself.
And really, it's probably good practice for when/if I become a home-schooling mom. It would take up just as much time as my part time job, if not more!
I'm so glad you shared this. It is really encouraging. Thank you!
-Christina
Hi Christina, Thanks for sharing yet another struggle many of us face as well! "Balance" is a needful thing... I usually try to do all the basics before I dip into the dessert projects (or I reserve those for Saturdays or even give myself an hour a day to enjoy them). It just makes for a happier household though it did take me some time to figure that out!!! :) As I stated above, I am a slow learner :)
Thanks for sharing this! My littles are not yet at the "homeschooling" age but they are home with me all day and it is my privilege to be home with them, loving on them, teaching them, and directing them as we explore life and find joy in the midst of our days. It is a great reminder that this is my primary "job" and should be treated with such importance. Great words of wisdom! :)
Thanks for sharing Nicole! I think this is something we can all related to as homemakers whether we are currently homeschooling or not. Have a lovely weekend! :)
Oh JES... I needed this today. I think that I am doing this as gracefully as I can, but I have friends who are snippy with me right now. Your words encourage me.
My problem is not the phone, it's the friends who have realized I don't answer it and now come by all the time, "Just for a second." They always say, "I'm just going to be here for a second because I know you're in the middle of something," but they just stay around. I love these friends, but it's hard to ignore them while they just stay and I have to get back to all the kids.
It is nice to know someone else has gone through this.
Blessings,
Oh dear, we had moved pretty far out when we started homeschooling so I didn't have that problem but I see how hard that can be. Praying for wisdom is the best we mothers can do! :)
When my older two were first homeschooled I tried to do everything and be everything to everybody. It was so hard and their schooling did suffer. Now with the younger two I try and stay home and it works great, now I just have to learn to keep schooling with Dad is home working :-). Thanks for sharing this great post at Good Morning Mondays. Blessings.
Yes, getting used to papa being at home took some time for us but we eventually figured that out too! :) Thanks for sharing Terri!
JES, I have read this post before, but when I came today and realized that... I just had to read it again and God has blessed me with it... and reminded me that it is time to do some "pruning" again! Thank you. :)
JES this is wonderful advice. It took me awhile to learn quite a bit during my homeschooling years. I had to be honest with everyone and let them know why I was not accepting phone calls and so forth. But it was worth it!
"The bottom line is that your home schedule should dominate your social calendar." Amen! This is a very well-written post, my friend! I loved what you said about the phone and creating a message that lets people know we will come them back in the afternoon. I think I will do that :)
I greatly appreciate your sound wisdom and advice. May the Lord continue to use you, sweet JES!Whilst I have been busy with this project I have been discovering some great influential and inspiring artists. Aaron Siskind is an artist that I really love. His work is so detailed and inspiring and this really does help and inspire my own pieces.
Siskind looks at detail in buildings, posters and decaying areas. He revisits these areas to see how the time and weather has decayed them further, documenting their progress through photographs in Black and White. He really tones in on the textures of these images, paying close attention to the leading lines and intricate detail.
I find his works clever as they represent and portray something that would normally be forgotten or passed over because they are not classed as “beautiful”. But hear Siskind makes them the centre of attention for everyone to admire and see, which in turn does make them beautiful.7.7.10 – 7.25.10 sermons
July 27, 2010
July 7, 2010
My Heart is Steadfast (Ps 108:1-13)
This unique psalm combines the positive endings of Ps 57 and Ps 60 to give us a new psalm divorced from the circumstances that began those two psalms so that we have a psalm of faith for launching into any venture for the Lord. We trust in our great God in spite of our own failure and weakness and trust in Him to help us through to the end.
July 11, 2010
Do you know you died to sin? (Rm 6:3-4)
The foundation of sanctification is the doctrine of Christ acting as your representative so that we died to sin with him on the cross. Understanding the identification of ourselves with Christ in baptism helps us to understand not only that we died with Christ but also that we are raised with him so that we might experience the newness of resurrection life right now.
The Christian in the World (4)
Having defined the terms ‘godliness’, ‘worldly’, and ‘worldliness’, we now go on a survey that looks at what the Bible says about the Christian’s relationship to the world.
A Bishop kept from the Devil (1 Tim 3:6-7)
We conclude our look at the pastor’s qualifications by discussing the last two on the list. In each of these there is a special danger of being affected by the devil. The church and pastor must be on guard that these traps can be avoided and the ministry in the local church may be pursued according to God’s will.
July 14, 2010
O God do not be Silent (Ps 109:1-31)
This psalm is one of the most bracing of the imprecatory psalms. In fact, it almost offends our Christian conscience. However, if we understand its prophetic significance, we come to realize that it reveals God’s heart towards the traitor Judas who threw away his birthright, so to speak, for thirty pieces of silver. The psalm displays the proper attitude of the Lord’s Anointed against the spirit of Antichrist that motivated Judas and will fill the man of sin in the last days.
July 18, 2010
Baptism is for Believers (Rm 6:3-4)
Baptism is the illustration Paul uses to help us understand the foundation of our sanctification, our identification with Christ in his death. As such, we can learn something of the requirements for proper Christian baptism: immersion in water as an initiatory rite for people who have consciously believed in the Lord Jesus Christ as saviour from sin.
Godliness Revisited (1 Tim 6:3-11)
We look at a passage (1 Tim 6.3-11) that clarifies the meaning of godliness as emphasizing a visible external kind of way of life. Such a life can be counterfeited to a point, but the devoted disciple is committed to a pursuit of godliness, with contentment, from the heart.
Deacons Likewise (1 Tim 3:8-10)
Today we consider the basic qualities required of deacons and challenge our peolpe to be in pursuit of these qualities in their own spiritual lives.
July 21, 2010
The Oracle to My Lord (1) (Ps 110:1-3)
Psalm 110 provides the foundation for much of the doctrine of Christ in the New Testament. It is the most quoted psalm by the NT. As we look at its first three verses, we see the tremendous truths of our Lord as the exalted King, waiting at the right hand of God until the time appointed when all his people will rise as one man behind him and attend his glorious return to the earth.
July 25, 2010
The Power in the Resurrection (Rm 6:4)
We look at one phrase in Rm 6.4 in this message, ‘raised … through the glory of the Father’. We find that just as Christ was raised by the Father’s glory, so to are we raised in our new spiritual lives to the newness of life found in Christ. By God’s glory we are indeed made able to live the Christian life. It is important for us to know this in order to have the victorious Christian life we desire.
Set Your Affections Above (Col 2:20-3:17)
We are getting to the end of our study and are wanting to direct our minds away from worldliness to a true godliness from the heart. In doing so we are looking at Col 2.20-3.17. The passage first of all addresses the idea that trying to achieve godliness by rigorous external religious practices, we will fail to deal with the heart issues. That kind of religion is a kind of worldliness because it is exactly the same as the practices of pagans which has a show of wisdom, but is of no value in overcoming the flesh.
The Women must be Likewise (1 Tim 3:11)
In this message we look at a verse that is somewhat controversial in today’s society and is also somewhat ambiguous and hard to interpret. The question is whether Paul is addressing the wives of deacons or the office of deaconess. Or is something else in view? We attempt an answer and insist that there is no third office of deaconess in the church. We also point to the need for women in spiritual leadership in the church to be spiritually minded people from the qualifications given in this list.
All comments are moderated ...Joe Sakic again won’t be in the lineup when the Avalanche faces the Columbus Blue Jackets tonight at Nationwide Arena.
Sakic didn’t practice Tuesday and is expected to miss his third consecutive game because of a groin muscle problem.
“He’s going to be out for a few (more) days,” Avalanche coach Joel Quenneville said. “Hopefully, we’ll have a clearer picture on the weekend what’s going to happen with him.”
Also, winger Scott Parker was the latest victim of the flu bug running through the Avalanche ranks, and Quenneville said he wouldn’t make the trip to Columbus. Defenseman Kurt Sauer (neck) also remains out.
Winger Andrew Brunette, who was ill when he gave it a try for one period at Los Angeles on Saturday night, and still weak when he played against San Jose on Monday, didn’t practice, but is expected to extend his consecutive-game streak to 398 against the Blue Jackets.
“He’ll be joining us on the plane and should be good to go,” Quenneville said.
There was good news elsewhere, though, because wingers Marek Svatos and Ian Laperriere, who have been out with a groin injury and a sprained knee, respectively, went to Columbus and probably will play.
“I feel better every day, push it a little harder,” Laperriere, who suffered the knee injury Nov. 11, said after practice. “We’ll see how it is when I wake up in the morning. That’s my big test, how it is when I wake up. But it’ll be sooner rather than later, that’s for sure.”
Defenseman Jordan Leopold, who had wrist surgery Oct. 26, has been cleared for contact and went through a full practice — plus considerable conditioning and solitary work after the others had left the ice.
“Leo’s progressing well,” Quenneville said.
COLORADO AT COLUMBUS
5 p.m. tonight, ALT2, KEPN 1600 AM
Spotlight on Nikolai Zherdev: The Columbus right winger has nine goals in 27 games. Last season, he had 10 goals in 71 games. So the 23-year-old Russian has shown vast improvement. Zherdev has fast hands and nifty moves and could be a star of the future.
NOTEBOOK
Avalanche: The Avalanche on Tuesday placed center Wyatt Smith on waivers. Smith has been a healthy scratch of late. … Avs winger Ian Laperriere got clearance Tuesday night to return to the lineup, and is expected to play tonight. So did right wing Marek Svatos, who missed the last game with a groin injury. Svatos is expected to skate tonight on a line with Brad Richardson and T.J. Hensick. … Peter Budaj will get the start in goal. … The Avs met with new NHL Players Association director Paul Kelly on Tuesday night.Blue Jackets: Pascal Leclaire will start in goal for Columbus. Leclaire has six shutouts and is among the league leaders in goals-against average and save percentage. … Five regulars are out for Columbus with injuries: LW Fredrik Modin (back spasms), C Jiri Novotny (concussion), D Duvie Westcott (concussion), RW David Vyborny (back) and C Manny Malhotra (sprained knee).
Adrian Dater, The Denver Post
Terry Frei: 303-954-1895 or tfrei@denverpost.com2012 and Eschatology: It’s Not the End of the World
Christopher J Wiles
writer | speaker | servant
Did we really need another film about the end of the world? Apparently, yes.
Unless you’ve been living under a rock, you know that Roland Emmerich is the director of such end-of-the-world-as-we-know-it kinds of films such as Independence Day, Godzilla and, most recently, The Day After Tomorrow. The latter film makes me wonder what ground is left to tread with his latest venture, 2012.
2012 is the year that the Mayan calendar supposedly ends, prompting the interpretation that this is some ironclad doomsday prophecy. Emmerich’s film is based on this global apocalypse.
Of course, there is also a Facebook page entitled “Shut up; the world won’t end in 2012.” At first I thought this was humorous, until I noticed that it had quickly devolved into an anti-religious forum.
But the “doomsday” subgenre is hardly limited to Emmerich’s work. Similar elements are found in such films as I Am Legend and any number of zombie films. Even recent TV series “Flash Forward” has touched on the theme of global ruin.
THE END OF THE WORLD AS WE KNOW IT…
What’s the appeal? What is man’s preoccupation with the end? I suggest five broad trends:
(1) In The Truman Show, Truman (Jim Carrey) comments on a novelty button that reads, “How’s it going to end?” (an ironic reference to the “show” itself). “I was wondering that myself.” There’s a certain kind of person that has to flip to the end of the novel to know the ending before they get there. Apocalyptic films offer us a glimpse of how things might look at world’s end.
(2) These films often serve as cautionary tales of man’s hubris over nature. Godzilla was filmed in the context of hysteria of nuclear proliferation. The Day After Tomorrow was filmed in the context of man’s new enemy of climate change. Even critics who found the science of the latter film laughable conceded their respect of a film that addressed the issue of climate change.
(3) They offer a sense of safety. In Michael Crichton’s novel State of Fear, he suggests that fear is often used to promote public awareness because it allows safety to become “marketable.” Like Dickens’ “Ghost of Christmas Future,” these films often probe man’s fears in a way that prompts at least some to wonder if “these are the things that will be, or simply the things that might be?”
(4) These films bring man’s nature into sharp contrast. In every film there will always be scenes of selfish masses struggling to survive by any means necessary (the “minivan” scene in Spielburg’s version of War of the Worlds is an excellent example of this). At the same time, there will also be a few – or even just one – who triumphs through the power of their own reason and courageous determination. Audiences always love the hero, and in the face of such apocalyptic terror, a hero is needed ever the more desperately.
(5) By virtue of their subject matter, these films dwarf our problems. This theme was – in a way – at the heart of the film Cloverfield, where a young lover’s quarrel dissipated when faced with the threat of a looming monster. The Greek tragedians used the word catharsis to describe their plays – that a story could offer emotional release through its depiction of violence or tragedy. These films offer the highest form of cathartic escapism. Whose problems at work could possibly seem important in the face of such tragedy?
WHEN EDEN SANK TO GRIEF
I can’t help but wonder if ultimately these films reflect our innate knowledge that things are not as they were meant to be. Since the day that Eden “sank to grief,” we have been left with the struggle of picking up her pieces.
Eden’s curse tells us that the ground would “produce thorns and thistles” (Ge 3:18), meaning that nature herself has been placed under the same curse that man’s sin has wrought. Environmental calamity is the ultimate end product of a cursed creation. Even some astrophysicists suggest that the universe will come to an end, and they argue in the language of mathematics whether the end “will come with a bang or with a whimper.”
ESCHATOLOGY: IT’S NOT THE END OF THE WORLD
In the language of theology, the church has spoken the word eschatology, meaning “last things.” In the last century, there has been an increased fascination (obsession?) with this subject. Books as well as numerous films depict the terrible disasters waiting for those who are (ahem) left behind after the rapture of the church (for a fuller treatment of this issue, I highly recommend Paul Boyer’s book, When Time Shall Be No More which offers an outsider’s perspective on the man’s preoccupation with Biblical prophecy).
While these are things that the Bible mentions, they are not, by themselves, representative of the Christian hope. The prophet Amos writes, “Woe to those who wish for the day of the Lord! Why do you want the Lord’s day of judgment to come? It will bring darkness, not light.” (Amos 5:18, NET) Israel was wrong to wish for the Day of the Lord. They believed that this day would bring them prosperity by eliminating their enemies. But instead they found themselves in the same condition. It is a strange thing, then, in our day, to wish for this onrush of judgment on those left behind after the rapture.
Which is why I have often said that the word eschatology is something of a misnomer, for it speaks more strongly of new things. At scripture’s conclusion, we find a vision of a new heaven and a new earth – a creation restored to Eden’s perfection. It is a world where Emmerich’s terrifying visions will be as out of place as the thorns and thistles in our gardens. It is a world of neither sorrow nor shame, and a great river flows down the streets that have no name.
The Christian hope is therefore not for future destruction, but for a new beginning. This is what C. S. Lewis speaks of in his Narnia novel, The Last Battle:!”
HOPE SEEKING UNDERSTANDING
The Christian life is, in one very real sense, spes quaerens intellectum (“hope seeking understanding”). Following Calvin, faith is defined as trust in God’s promise. Hope, then, is the expectation of fulfilled promise. This is why Paul describes hope as the outworking of perseverance (Rom 5:4): hope gives meaning to our struggles as we live in the confidence of an imminent and better future. German writer Jurgen Moltmann describes this hope as a “goal” that “gives meaning to the journey and its distresses; and today’s decision to trust in the call of God is a decision pregnant with future.”
Hope is what we find saturating the interstices of history – between the promises of God and their future culmination – a distance that Os Guiness describes as only the length “between the lightning and the thunder.”
Our lives here are to be lived not in fear of a sudden, inglorious end, but in the expectant hope of an approaching, glorious new beginning and a future that stretches into infinity.
Eschatology. It’s the beginning of a world as we’ve never known it.
And I feel fine.
Christopher J Wiles
writer | speaker | servant
Chris is a writer and speaker from the Charlottesville area. He regularly serves as a research writer for Docent Research Group in addition to doing some guest speaking.
Trackbacks/Pingbackstag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7131923932037617792.post6978407594233216364..comments2018-01-09T01:39:20.782-08:00Comments on Veracities: biggest unanswered questionVera L. te Velde, that's a really great point about tryi...Nathan, that's a really great point about trying to enforce preferences. I think that's the motive people have in general when trying to change norms (graffiti shouldn't be acceptable, sunbathing topless should be acceptable, etc) but in a huge society where a single person's preferences are negligible, the main channel where that has influence is in law. Laws and norms are obviously tightly intertwined and both influence each other, and there are some interesting studies showing that, but my personal interest is in non-legal, spontaneous-order-type mechanisms. But perhaps by limiting my attention to that I'm missing a bigger picture... power structures certainly seem extremely relevant even when they are not formalized.<br /><br />But going back to organizations and smaller societies (which I guess are usually organizations with at least some degree of formality - homeowners associations, churches, clubs) a single person's preferences most definitely aren't negligible anymore, and then as you say influence will matter very much. I do think about norms with fundamentally different transmission mechanisms but I have to agree that thinking about norms as organizational decisions in an extreme case is very interesting...Vera L. te Velde it come to such, the individual involve is le...When it come to such, the individual involve is let to make such decision by themselves.King's interesting you described "don't...It's interesting you described "don't pick up hitchhikers" as a heuristic for dealing with uncertainty and limited information, as that norm has changed. Before around 1960 or 1970 hitchhikers were more common and more likely to be picked up. I'm sure a part of the change has to do with fear, and stories about bad experiences with hitchhiking predominating over stories about good experiences. The change became permanent when any story about good hitchhiking experiences raised the question, why was the protagonist hitchhiking. Other norms change due to fear also. Intense passenger scrutiny at the airport came from fear of murderous hijackers, while earlier in commercial aviation hijacking was considered a rare inconvenience. Some norms change while overcoming fears. Attitudes about homosexuality changed despite the fear based heuristic "don't tell strangers about your homosexual tendencies"Craig Vera, I thought more about this. Forgive me pus...Hi Vera,<br />I thought more about this. Forgive me pushing it further, but I think there is a tendency in some of the above comments to think about norms like memes -- as if they are ideas that spread neutrally from a source based on some transmission mechanism.<br />But if you think about changes to norms within an organisation, they are typically the product of people intentionally trying to enforce their own preferences. A group of graphic designers might think "We need to stop swearing in front of clients" or "We need an affirmative action hiring policy". Others in the firm will think "Don't be so uptight" or "No, we don't". Everyone has the usual 'exit, voice or loyalty' options, and depending on who has influence and who is prepared to use it, things will either change or they won't. If a group of trainees think "Stop swearing" and the CEO thinks "Don't be so uptight", we can guess whose preferences will prevail. If the organisation is a family or a school we can guess that the collective decisions will be resolved in favour of the adults, and resistance by the kids will be costly.<br />Explaining the initial preferences seems difficult (eg the kimonos!) but explaining which preferences prevail seems like it might be more fruitful.<br />So a question for you...<br />You say the big question is "Which cooperative norms are chosen to be enforced and how does this come about?". <br />Someone else might pose it differently. They might say: "How do we make collective decisions within an organisation?" -- and propose that the answer (once we have it!) can be applied to organisational norms as a particular case, and then extended to societies, as very big organisations.<br />What do you feel is the advantage of your phrasing?<br />Re-reading your previous answer, I think it is because you think the mechanism that changes norms between strangers on the street is fundamentally different (and perhaps fundamentally more important?) to the one that changes norms between staff in a café?Nathannoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7131923932037617792.post-83776860430647793192017-02-05T18:34:37.632-08:002017-02-05T18:34:37.632-08:00Nathan, yeah that interaction between society and ...Nathan, yeah that interaction between society and subsociety norms is an interesting question that I think deserves more attention exactly because it can say so much about how norms form. I suspect the mechanisms of norm transmission/establishment/enforcement/evolution are similar within society and organizations (but obviously different in way those mechanisms manifest, since the group size and structure etc are different) and in that sense understanding organizational culture is really useful for understanding culture overall, as smaller scale and variable testbeds essentially. But organizations also inherit norms from the societies they're embedded in, so I don't think you can make complete sense of a particular organization's norms without understanding the broader culture: There's lots of variability in all of the norms you suggested but they can't get *too* far from some societal mean, and they start off by default at the societal mean. E.g. some U.S. businesses shun ties and some require them but none require kimonos...Vera L. te Velde Vera, When you say 'culture' as the big...Hi Vera,<br />When you say 'culture' as the big unanswered question, how do you see 'organisational culture' within that?<br />I wonder if there is a 'micro versus macro' thing here?<br />If you walk into an organisation (eg start a new job), you always find a specific culture. There will be norms around what time to leave on a Friday, how much (if at all) to dissent in front of the boss, etc. And there will be a lot of things half-way between norms and collective decisions -- 'To what extent do people who work harder get promoted faster?', or 'To what extent do people who come in early tend to get promoted ahead of those who stay late?', 'How open are you with your colleagues?', 'How risk averse with new projects?', etc.<br />And of course every organisation has its take on the wearing of ties.<br />Do you think if we understood organisational culture, we would understand culture generally? <br />Or do you think it goes the other way? Organisational cultures are just tidal pools buffeted by bigger forces, and you have to understand broad 'culture' first to explain them?Nathannoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-7131923932037617792.post-46179133163397163892017-02-02T17:43:25.101-08:002017-02-02T17:43:25.101-08:00Doug, yes absolutely, I also am working on indirec...Doug, yes absolutely, I also am working on indirect reciprocity a bit actually. This is definitely one of the enforcement mechanisms I was referencing when I said that the enforcement of cooperative norms is getting to be well understood :) The repeated game theory is very cool.Vera L. te Velde come to this topic as an anthropologist interest...I come to this topic as an anthropologist interested in kinship. One of the frequently noted things about kinship is that many societies have norms of "generalized reciprocity" which call for sharing with your kin, even when the beneficiaries can't reciprocate. You do this not so much because you care deeply about the person you're helping (the standard evolutionary biology theory of kin section governed by Hamilton's rule), but because you care about your reputation among others of your kin (this lets you beat Hamilton's rule).<br /><br />Here's an article where I do some of the math, including between-group selection of balanced reciprocity versus generalized reciprocity:<br /><br /> <br /><br />And a post from my blog:<br /><br /> Jones availability cascade?Which availability cascade?Vera L. te Velde! Did I just kill off an availability cascad...Whoops! Did I just kill off an availability cascade which could run and run?<br />windwheel'd have thought 'mirror neurons' woul...I'd have thought 'mirror neurons' would be relevant for co-ordination games. Mimetic effects rapidly spread out such that, for example, people appear to spontaneously 'keep left' or 'right' as the case may be. The question is- why have a distinction between norm and action?<br /> Perhaps the answer is that dis-coordination games have such great salience due to gender dimorphism wrt costs of reproduction in our species that 'pooling equilibria' have to be qualified and the system has to have some 'memory' or hysteresis.<br /> 'Identity'is a mix of cheap talk, featuring adherence or violation of norms, and some underlying structure of costly signals which establish a separating equilibrium. This permits a 'bourgeois strategy'- at least some people following the norm will enforce it rather than blink first in a game of chicken. Crucially, for this to occur, there has to be some notion of scarcity or imposed opportunity cost.<br /><br />I think this is what happens when some 'subaltern' agents furiously insist their peers adhere to a norm costly to themselves and not group adaptive at all. Typically, the person violating the norm is accused of reducing the amount of 'Purity' or 'Honour'or some such bogus abstraction during a supposedly cataclysmic time when the commodity is scarce. Perhaps there is a link between this sort of 'highly correlated thinking' and the historical development of complex social choice mechanisms or abstract financial markets.<br />The enforcers of'bourgeois strategy'type norms could gain a rent as 'market makers' bridging coordination and discoordination games or they could prefer to keep a threat point open for themselves for future use. This would make cake cutting even more difficult with the result that cakes become scarce or mythical like 'Purity'.<br />No doubt mine is a jaundiced view of 'traditional' economies or cultural constellations. Still, it seems, young people's mirror neurons light up when they see modernity and they vote with their feet against normative bourgeois strategies and infinitely complex cake cutting problems.<br />The actual historical bourgeoisie was actually quite Coasian thus permitting our liberal conception of norms as flexible and 'ethical' rather than grim and punitive Norns set over us by a remorseless Destiny.<br /><br /><br />windwheel: yes the fractional cultures we live in are...Briant: yes the fractional cultures we live in are really complicated compared to more traditional, isolated, and cohesive cultures - this is how I read Akerlof and Kranton's work on what they call "identity". Very interesting stuff.<br /><br />Frederik: Interesting, I didn't even know about that norm! That sounds like a coordination norm to me (avoiding a collision in return calls in which neither can get through, or a lack of any callback).<br /><br />Starcourse: You're absolutely right, I love the stuff Nowak works on but haven't read nearly enough of it :) Similar for Henrich actually, Roger, and I didn't know Hoffman so thanks for the heads up.<br /><br />Jd: I wish!<br /><br />John/dad: yeah it would be great if we could come up with some kind of universal grammar of norms. I would guess that the analogy with linguistics applies mostly to coordination norms (since language is a coordination problem) but I'd like to hear more detail sometime.Vera L. te Velde might pick up on Briant's mention of the bra...I might pick up on Briant's mention of the brain's role in norm building because it ties in with my own field: language and linguistics. In my research I work on the assumption that the brain is hardwired in certain ways (much of which is not yet well understood), mostly for language acquisition, but also for language use at all ages. Both language and the hard wiring of the brain play a significant role in norm formation: we do and say things in ways that can't be explained, that seem irrational sometimes, except from the standpoint of how the brain has been wired/programmed through evolutionary development. In language there are relations between parts of the sentence that follow language-specific parameters, which are obviously connected to the related culture in certain ways, but also to certain universals of language. So are there universals in the norms of human cultures? And can we state specific parameters of culture x vs. culture y? These probably have something to do with what norms are established in these cultures.JohnRaymond observations about changing negative "nor...Any observations about changing negative "norms" around domestic violence? Jd sure how useful they'd be but at least on ...Not sure how useful they'd be but at least on the periphery of your concernss are Joseph Henrich's The Secret of Our Success and Morris B. Hoffman's The Punisher's Brain.Roger Sweeny out the work of Martin Nowak and his colleag...Check out the work of Martin Nowak and his colleagues at Harvard.starcourse of (4): If a phone call is interrupted, th...Example of (4): If a phone call is interrupted, the person who made the call calls back.<br />I think I got this from Elinor Ostrom, who is obviously very relevant here.Frederik Marain think you need to look at the from the perspecti...I think you need to look at the from the perspective of adaptation and the perspective of a single culture. The world we now inhabit is no longer mono cultural or even multicultural, it’s fractional cultured.<br /><br />If you go back a few millennia, being part of a group was unquestionably key to your ability to survive long enough to procreate. Maintaining the integrity of the group was also key. An elevated status (authority, prestige, whatever) improved your odds for progeny. Key ways to maintain group cohesiveness would be to maintain fairness and provide clear cues in regard to achievement of status. (behavior, visual) <br />When hominids developed the requisite abilities for cultural evolution to take off, it was generally within the context of a single culture. Since individuals were always imbedded within a culture, many (most) of our cognitive abilities/behaviors are dependent on others for learning (mostly nonconscious) AND daily execution. Simplistically, our brains function under the ‘assumption’ that others will help fill in the blanks and keep us on track.<br /><br />Note that none of these abilities would require much in the way of language nor perhaps even consciousness as we now know it. Individual behavior would be driven by feelings.<br /><br />So to answer the question: some of the selection criteria for cooperative norms;<br /><br />appear to threaten group cohesion if violated, unfair<br />have visible cues<br />easy to take action, e.g. shout<br />threatens the status of some at the expense of others<br />require little or no conscious thought to observe or react to.Briant Wolfe: great example :) Ray: wouldn't tha...Anonymous: great example :)<br /><br />Ray: wouldn't that mean most pareto improving norms would spread very quickly? I think the trouble is that adopting a coordination norm requires coordinated action, so the analogy is with group selection rather than individual selection.Vera L. te Velde. If you are a geek who likes to in...Self-selection. If you are a geek who likes to invent just for fun, and I've met quite a number of these people working in Silicon Valley, you'll be befriended by a businessman who will pick your brain and profit from it. Same with a 'good student' who is befriended by a 'poor student', same as a person who tolerates X befriended by a person who performs X, same with a athlete befriended by an agent who takes a percentage of their earnings in exchange for setting them up with a team, and so on. Self-selection.Ray Lopez the 90s and early 2000s there was a time when e...<br />In the 90s and early 2000s there was a time when every Starbucks patio and airport lounge was ruined by people speaking loudly on their cell phones. A large portion of society hated these people, but somehow we never coordinated or arranged to consistently express our preference. Then very quickly after the iPhone came out everyone began messaging and emailing instead of speaking. Very quickly a new norm emerged in which it was agreed to be rude to have a phone conversation in a line at Starbucks. I still don't know how the consensus was formed or communicated. <br />Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comEquity: Getting to AllAt Pittsburgh Public Schools we are committed to 1) Accelerating Student Achievement, 2) Eliminating Racial Disparities, 3) Becoming a District of First Choice for students and families. The Equity Office: CitySteps was organized to monitor the District's progress at accelerating student achievement and eliminating racial disparities. The responsibilities of this office include:
One of the goals, set by the Board of Directors, was "to develop and communicate a plan to decrease racial disparities in student achievement within the Pittsburgh Public schools."The elimination of racial disparities is one of our top priorities, but we know we can't do it alone. As part of our efforts to eliminate racial disparities, we will work to deepen our efforts to ensure that everyone plays a key role in ensuring the students of Pittsburgh graduate Promise-Ready and complete college or attain a workforce certification. Like the steps our children climb throughout the City of Pittsburgh, we are each a constructive step as students climb toward Promise Readiness.
- Reviewing and analyzing the District's disaggregated student data concerning inequities in discipline, grades, standardized test scores, and special programs;
- Evaluate the District's equity programs and initiatives;
- Review best practices information for equitable education programs;
- Develop and implement program initiatives and otherwise take all steps necessary to remedy racial and ethnic isolation and imbalance found to exist;
- Meet with the Equity Advisory Panel to exchange information and accept comments and suggestions; and
- Monitoring the District's progress on the Equity: Getting to All plan.
Equity News and Updates.
-
-Darryl Hunt Life And Death After Exoneration By Anita Rao & Frank Stasio • May 17, 2017 Ted Richardson/Winston-Salem Journal Darryl Hunt was exonerated in 2004 after serving almost 20 years in prison for a crime he did not commit. In the years that followed his release, Hunt became known as a champion for racial justice. His story was featured in the widely-viewed HBO documentary “The Trials of Darryl Hunt.” Triad News Update By Hady Mawajdeh & Frank Stasio • Sep 16, 2014 Listen Listening... / 12:58 Triad news update with WUNC Greensboro Bureau Chief Jeff Tiberii The Winston-Salem city government is now offering benefits to same-sex partners who are married.PRODUCTDETAILS
Description
A lightly detailed business shirt in soft cotton poplin by BOSS Menswear. Featuring a yarn-dyed two-tone micro pattern, this long-sleeved silhouette is trimmed with squared cuffs and a semi-spread collar. Add this contemporary option to your workwear rotation. .Sports Nottingham Forest 4-2 Arsenal: Gunners dumped out of FA Cup (Highlights) January 7, 2018 Yomie 0 Eric Lichaj scored a stunning volley as Nottingham Forest eliminated holders Arsenal in the third round of the FA Cup. Arsene Wenger lost an FA Cup third-round tie for the first time as holders Arsenal […] AdvertisementsIssue: 2155
Dated: 13 Jun 2009
Search below by year or month.
Try our search to find a specific issue of Socialist Worker, or use the search at the top of the page to find a specific article.
Gordon Brown’s government is in meltdown after the MPs’ expenses scandal and the disastrous Labour vote in last week’s elections.
The radical left won impressive votes in many parts of Europe. The results show what is possible when the left is organised and can give a clear alternative.
Labour’s vote collapsed to a historic low in last week’s elections as the right made gains. The Tories under David Cameron are now set to win the next general election.
Thousands of people reacted with anger and dismay when the news broke early Monday morning that the fascist British National Party (BNP) had made a major breakthrough into mainstream politics – picking up two seats in the European parliament.
This year’s EIS (Scotland’s teaching union) annual general meeting in Perth last week took place against a backdrop of massive budget cuts combined with a major overhaul of the curriculum from nursery to secondary.
Walkout at Tower Hamlets college Around 200 teachers, support workers, youth workers, admin staff and students walked out at Tower Hamlets college, east London, on Monday.
Around 1,300 Glasgow council parks, street lighting and street cleaning workers are due to begin an all-out indefinite strike at 5am on Friday of this week.
Refuse workers in the Unite union in Bristol have called off a planned all-out strike over pay, which was due to start on Wednesday of this week.
Around 150 dock workers, their families and supporters marched through Grimsby last week in protest against threats of compulsory redundancies and attacks on terms and conditions by the Associated British Ports (ABP).
Workers at the Linamar (former Visteon) plant in Swansea, south Wales, were set to begin an all-out strike from 6am on Thursday of this week in defence of their sacked Unite union convenor Rob Williams.
The van-maker LDV went into administration this week, causing hundreds of redundancies at its Birmingham plant and threatening thousands of jobs in its supply chain.
Left activists in the NUJ journalists’ union are calling for mass action to support local authority workers who refuse to work with the fascist BNP members elected as councillors in last week’s elections.
Firefighters in the FBU union in Essex are to ballot for industrial action over plans to cut fire services in the county.
An industrial relations crisis is developing at British Airways (BA) as the impact of the recession hits the company hard. It faces losses in excess of £400 million.
The Unite and GMB unions are expected this week to begin a national ballot of tens of thousands of construction workers for strikes over pay.
There are two vital elections happening in the National Union of Teachers (NUT).
The CWU union met in Bournemouth this week amid uncertainty over the government’s plans to privatise Royal Mail, a wave of management attacks on the union, and a political crisis that is gripping the government.
Postal workers are preparing for strikes at a number of offices across Britain – and are likely to be soon voting on national action.
Dennis Kilgariff from Oxford moved a motion calling on the union to withdraw support from MPs who have not backed the union’s Early Day Motion against privatisation.
Union reps and activists from the Burslem delivery office in Stoke-on-Trent who have been victimised by Royal Mail organised a well-attended fringe meeting to tell delegates about their case.
Postal workers in Watford have voted to strike in defence of the union’s area safety rep Bob Kennedy, who has been suspended without charge for nine weeks.
Another theme at the conference was the CWU’s efforts to win new members in businesses outside of postal services and British Telecom, which provide the bulk of the union’s membership.
Low turnout meant that no party’s votes rose on any significant scale in last Thursday’s European elections.
The Green Party made a number of gains in last week’s elections.
The United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) polled over 17 percent nationally in last week’s European elections, coming second to the Tories.
Thousands of tube workers in the RMT transport union brought the London Underground system to a halt from 7pm on Tuesday with a 48-hour strike over pay, job cuts and management bullying.
Opposition to the Nazi British National Party (BNP) brought hundreds onto the streets on Monday evening – just hours after the news that the BNP had picked up European Parliament seats in the North West and in Yorkshire & the Humber.
Several of the British National Party’s Nazi allies across Europe made a breakthrough in the elections.
Sarah Hewitt, CWU rep Doncaster delivery office ‘Hearing that the BNP had won a big vote in Doncaster and an MEP in my region left me feeling shocked and betrayed.
Gordon Brown stumbles from crisis to crisis. Every day the headlines scream news of new resignations and tales of the fresh challenges to Brown’s leadership – which are then followed by breathless announcements that he is safe for now.
Ten ministers have gone from Gordon Brown’s corrupt government – so far.
Glenys Kinnock has replaced Caroline Flint as the new Europe minister.
The bosses’ desired solution to the recession is to make workers pay for it. The political class agrees, but is unsure how far and how quickly it can try to make this happen.
Last Thursday’s elections saw the right win the largest share of the vote in the majority of European Union states.
Despite Labour’s vote collapsing, overall the radical left did not register gains in last Thursday’s elections.
A solid strike by thousands of members of the RMT transport union at London Underground and Transport for London severely hit tube services from 7pm tonight.
Rob Williams, the sacked Unite union convenor at the Linamar (ex-Visteon) plant in Swansea, South Wales, has been reinstated.
The first full day of a strike by thousands of members of the RMT transport union at London Underground and Transport for London had a big impact on tube services in the capital today.
Tube workers in the RMT transport union responded to Tory mayor Boris Johnson and management’s bluster by ensuring that their strike had an even bigger impact on its second day.
Students and workers at the School of Oriental and African Studies (Soas) have organised an emergency protest for 8.30am on Monday 15 June to defend cleaners at the site who are facing imminent threat of deportation.
Students at the School of Oriental and African Studies (Soas) in central London have occupied the director's offices at the university in protest at the detention and deportation of nine cleaners.
When you step out on the streets of Baghdad you notice immediately that all is not right in Iraq.
The governing coalition in Lebanon swept back into power in the general election last Sunday.
The sight of a US president receiving a standing ovation from students at Cairo university is not one we could have imagined a couple of years ago.
Europe and Britain are shifting right, that is one common sense explanation for the meltdown experienced by Labour and its European counterparts.
Every trade unionist who attempts to stand up for their rights comes up against the threat of the law.
Newspapers report that Labour Party members conspiring to end Gordon Brown’s leadership have taken to quoting the Russian revolutionary Leon Trotsky’s phrase – "March separately, strike together".
More than 200 delegates from SWP branches across the country attended a special conference last Sunday to reassess and renew the party’s structures.
As a climate activist I hate Exxon Mobil and General Motors (GM). But now GM has gone bankrupt and, the TV tells us, Barack Obama has stepped in to "rescue" the company.
‘The government has been putting a position, ably assisted by the mainstream media, that it had somehow got rid of the problem of unemployment. But in many areas unemployment never went away.
The Fight for the Right to Work conference is an important opportunity for employed and unemployed workers to come together to build a real campaign for jobs.
The level of unemployment in Britain is growing faster every month. It is not hitting everyone in the same way.
Where are jobs being lost? Every month there are fewer jobs. Between February and April job vacancies fell by 51,000 – or
17 February 1992 was a busy day for Mario Chiesa, the manager of a old people’s hospice in Milan. His second appointment that day was with a cleaning company boss who wanted to win the hospice contract.
You’re probably best known as a writer for Casualty and the musical drama Blackpool. Occupation is a long way from that. What made you decide to write a drama about British troops in Iraq?
Congratulations to Clare Solomon, James Nowlan, Chris Breen, George Thompson and Dyana Rodriguez.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart’s opera Cosi Fan Tutte (All women behave that way) was first performed in 1790, the year after the French Revolution.
The BFI’s new season contains films that explore the Spanish Civil War of 1936-9.
Sugar follows the life of a 19 year old baseball player from the Dominican Republic in the US. The film takes its name from the "sweet" way he pitches a knuckle curve.
Looking for Eric combines a comedy with a story about postal workers and former Manchester United star Eric Cantona.
How festival stoked-up the anti-racist cause Since the recent Love Music Hate Racism festival in Stoke there has been a noticeable change in the mood in the city – a change for the better.
"The Labour Party does not want a new leader. There is no vacancy, there is no challenge."David Miliband, foreign secretary, speaking on Radio 4’s Today programme on TuesdayRochester Monday Mar 25, 2013 at 12:01 AM Mar 25, 2013 at 3:30 AM A Rochester club has been cited by state police under the Liquor Code for failing to maintain proper records. The Order of Owls, Rochester Nest No. 1822, 107 New York Ave., was cited for not maintaining records from June 1, 2012, through Feb. 9.Wf/Pool/Ocean Access, Single Family - Coral Gables, FL/5.5 baths, den/library, built-in bar, family room and a summer kitchen that overlooks the glistening pool. Superb chef’s kitchen perfect for family gatherings and entertaining. Home offers 2 car garage and a full house generator.
Would you like more information regarding this property?
Please call (305) 695-6070.
Data Provided by:
Miami Association of REALTORSSunflowerman is a creative force from Grand Rapids, Michigan. Headed by illustrator Matthew Miller, Sunflowerman has taken four years of creative immersion in Atlanta and a Lakeshore upbringing to give the world a fine-art fashion experience.
The name Sunflowerman has grown from a child-hood persona to a brand identity. As a young child I would attend a summer camp every summer. There a was a giant field for recreation and a lake in the middle of the woods for cooling off in the afternoons. One particluar year there was an acitivity revolving around skits. Everyone had to pull an item out of a bag and incorporate it into their skit. When, as a young boy, I pulled out a shower curtain covered in sunflower prints there was no debate in my mind. There was no thought in dissent against the only truth that could be Sunflowerman.
Sunflowerman has been illustrated and iterated for years. A character that began on a whim took form. Friends participated in the discovery of who Sunflowerman would be. Through High School and through University the name stuck and the name grew. The name Sunflowerman often evokes thoughts about super-heros and super-powers. People want to know what he stands for and why he exists. I can only say that Sunflowerman is a symbol for joy and a desire for community.
What is born is a passion for people. People are interesting and worth while. People wear clothing, People invent culture and People are beautiful.
Art is made by People.
Whatever is created is art. Created well or poor, for good or for bad it is art. Writers, philosophers, marketers and gardeners are all artists. To be human is to be a part of the act of creating art.
People wear Clothes.
Clothing is beneficial in many ways. At times it is a covering of protection against chill winds or seering heat. At times it is a symbol of authority or camaraderie. For whatever reason all around the world people wear clothes.
Clothes are Fashion.
As a symbolic gesture to the community people wear clothes in specific ways. There is business attire and sportswear. There is high fashion and stree style. Economics, culture, and social awareness set the boundaries. Clothes make people aware of who they are and show what they believe. Fashion is the way people represent themselves in communities. Clothes are Fashion.
Fashion is Art.
Fashion is the environment people create with the clothes they have. That space is a specific and intentional creation. What is created in that space for the sake of fashion is art.
The Sunflowerman logo is intentionally textural. A combination of a watercolor mark and vector lettering describes Sunflowerman's modern intention with traditional processes. Sunflowerman illustrates for ads, magazines and brand campaigns using traditonal watercolor techniques and modern print and digital reproduction.
Sunflowerman is a design agency focusing on Men's Fashion Illustration for Business-to-Business work and product design for Consumers. Beginning in Atlanta Sunflowerman began illustrating portraits of local gentlemen dressed in dapper uniform. From there the work grew out to boutique aesthetics with clients like Q Custom Clothier, H.Stockton and Trio Custom Clothier. Along with TheFollowFashion.com, Sunflowerman took to blogging to generate a weekly Men's Fashion Illustration to high-light fashion brands and icons.
The modern man has had a return to fashion consciousness. With this return is a look to the styles that have brought us to where we are now- Three piece suits and fedoras, bespoke tailoring and leather shoes. Vintage is our heritage. It is what will get us to the next evolution in fashion. We remember reading books (or we know that our parents did), we remember black and white and we remember the fashion that moved our culture for centuries.
Book-Page Fashion is the response to nostalgia and the joy in classic styles. It is for the man who enjoys looking as fresh as his grandparents and as current as his icons.
•The Black and White Collection
The first Book-Page Fashion collection. It stripped down the nature of fashion to simple shapes and lines. The Black and White Collection was a chance to engage with fashion at a primal and simple level. The movement and the silhouettes speak with a sense of simplicity and refinement.
.
•The Nostalgia Collection
The second Book-Page Collection. It takes a leap forward with color but points the viewer back to a time when suits and ties were an Everyman's attire. Bowl Caps, Cigars and Double-Breasted jackets Show us where we are now by talking to us about the past.
.
• The Fab Collection
This third and current collection is Fabulous. Collaboration and Experimentation are the pillars of this collection. The sentimentality of nostalgia is replaced wth the joy and excitement of being a part of the present. You will see what can only be described as a fashon movement.
Fine-Art meets Fashion
facebook: sunflowerman
instagram: sunflowermanEssence Day Spa
Buffalo Junction
Map & Directions was last modified: April 8th, 2013 by admin
I had suffered from sciatica off and on for a couple of years. When the pain would hit, it was difficult to get up from a sitting position or to sit from a standing position. It took three sessions with Autumn, but by the end of the third session, the pain... Read more »
Autumn is amazing! I have had a litany of acute and chronic problems and her expertise in both Traditional Chinese Acupuncture and Orthopedic Acupuncture has given me significant relief.
I see autumn regularly myself and also refer patients to her who are equally well satisfied.
I recommend treatment by Autumn... Read more »
Acupuncture Websites designed by AcuPerfect Websites © 2018. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use. Webmail Log inSEATTLE — Police say a 22-year-old man charged with second-degree murder in the fatal stabbing of a man outside a Seattle nightclub was identified through his Facebook account.
Prosecutors say 21-year-old Faustino Flores Cervantes was killed on Oct. 26 by a man witnesses described as having a “distinctive hair style” — long on the top and back, shaved on the sides.
Hever Zuniga-Guzman was charged Thursday in King County Superior Court.
The violence started with a fight outside a Belltown nightclub. Charging documents say that fight ended but the victim was stabbed after the defendant accosted him as Flores Cervantes attempted to drive away.
One witness who saw the fight told police she didn’t know the attacker’s name but they had mutual acquaintances. Court documents say she was able to find the man’s name by looking through her friends’ Facebook accounts.
The Renton man is held on $1 million bail.Build a Snowman Felt Board
Popcorn Cranberry Tree Garland
Kids Crafts: Origami
Cookies & Crafts for Sandy Hook: Coffee Filter Snowflakes Craft
Kids Craft: DIY Holiday Gifts for Pets
Thoughts from Aunt Dani: Holidays around the Globe!
Kids Crafts: Make Sparkly Glue Gun Icicle Ornaments
Kids Crafts: Easy Holiday Decorating for All Ages!
Copyright © Two Kids Cooking and More. | Policies & DisclaimerOriginal News Theme by .Is soccer association overstepping authority?
To the editor:
The Seymour Soccer Association is banning individuals from public property focused around where spectators choose to sit during the youth recreational games at Freeman Field Recreation Area.
There are no interferences with games or players and no safety issues by where the spectators prefer to sit.
If a spectator does not comply with the orders coming from the association’s referees or board members then they threaten to call the police and evict you from the park.
If the association has specific rules they must follow regarding where spectators sit, then they should not be using public parks on the taxpayers’ dime. None of the other sports at the public parks operate in this manner.
My husband is a disabled veteran and has been a volunteer soccer coach for the past couple of years.
This Jackson County veteran, including his family, was banned from the park by the association due to not complying with treating spectators in such a harsh and disrespectful manner. In my opinion, this is disgraceful for every veteran in this city, county, state and country. This is a very sad representation for Seymour especially since this association is using the city in its name.
We are requesting for the city to publish a copy of the lease for viewing that specifies the rights of use and control the association has at the park.
This includes any notification provided to the public that they have given up their rights to use the property and can be banned from a park that is maintained by our taxpayers’ dollars if they do not comply with what the association dictates. If there are interruptions to games, children or safety that would be understandable, but that is not the case in these situations.
We are requesting a response to this letter from the city regarding the contractual overview with the soccer association. This would include:
Lease commencement date and expiration date
Leasing terms
Any special provisions
Rental rates per square foot
Operating costs to include maintenance, repairs and operations for the games and practices paid by the Seymour Soccer Association and what is subsidized by the City of Seymour
Annualized escalation built into the lease per standard leasing guidelines
Any amortization for tenant improvements built into the lease
Firm term of the lease to include option years for renewal
We are requesting on behalf of the citizens of Seymour for complete transparency of this lease. We request for the city to specify the rights per the lease that the soccer association has at park because they believe they have a lease in place to control the park by banning Seymour citizens at their discretion from the property.
Whether the association is correct and within their rights or incorrect and operating outside of legal leasing terms by taking away the citizens rights to public property, the public needs to be made aware either way.
Christopher and Kimberly Clegg
SeymourIf you are looking for Panama car hire, Europcar has you covered. Whether you choose to pick up your Panama car hire at the airport or from a city, Europcar operates car hire stations at all destinations in Panama with a wide range of car makes and models from which to choose.
A hire car is a handy way to get around Panama - for either business or pleasure. Discover Panama with the mobility and flexibility of car hire by choosing Europcar in Panama.
To find the station which is most conveniently located for your car hire needs, please use the map below which indicates all our Panama car hire locations.
Here are a few car hire tips that might come in handy for your car hire in Panama:.
- When booking your car hire for Panama, ensure that you choose the vehicle that is most adequate for your car hire needs while in Panama Panama.Leinster Handball comes to Laois
This Sunday, November 27, will see Handballers from all over Leinster take part in a doubles tournament hosted by Laois. This makes history for Leinster as it is the first time for the competition to take place, with Laois having great honour being chosen to host the event.
Boys and Girls from all over Leinster will take part in the competition from U-12, U-13, U-14 and U-15s. The boys groups are being split in two with Cullohill Handball Club playing host to the U-12 and U-13s, and neighbouring court Galmoy playing host to the U-14 and U-15s. The girls groups, U-12, U-13, U-14 and U-15 are all being played in another neighbouring court, Lisdowney.
With all three courts of Cullohill, Galmoy and Lisdowney in close proximity to each other it will be possible for Laois to host this event in one day, with all games commencing simultaneously at 10.30am.
With so many counties taking part it promises to be a very busy day’s handball and we wish all participants the very best of luck.
Last Saturday, November 19 saw 440 guests attend an outstanding evening of celebration of GAA Handball in 2011 at Croke Park. Congratulations to fellow Laois man Andrew Dowling, being awarded the ‘Special Achievement Award in Leinster 2011’. This is the second award Andrew has won in three years, winning the ‘Coach of the Year 2009.’
Leave your comment
Share your opinions onIvan Misko’s cosmic scope
Exhibition of works by well-known sculptor and People’s Artist of Belarus hosted by National Art Museum
By Victor Mikhailov
More than 40 works by the artist are on show, including sculptural portraits of such distinguished cosmonauts as Yury Gagarin, Piotr Klimuk, Vladimir Kovalenok, Valentina Tereshkova and their colleagues from France, Bulgaria, Syria, Japan and other countries. The exhibition includes pencil sketches depicting images of cosmonauts and a number of photos portraying sculptures mounted and stored in Mr. Misko’s studio.
Belarusian-Russian cosmonaut Colonel Oleg Novitsky, of the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Centre, attended the opening. Since 2012, he has participated in a six-month expedition to the International Space Station, on the crew of the ‘Soyuz TMA-06M’, returning to Earth in March of this year.
Ivan Misko has been working on the theme of space since the first-ever cosmonaut Yury Gagarin entered orbit. “The flight of a cosmonaut is an act of knowing the unknown. My aspiration is to know the soul of a cosmonaut,” the artist explains, adding that he finds cosmonauts like everyone else, but ‘a little bit kinder’ and ‘with stronger nerves’!
At a press conference before the exhibition opening, the sculptor announced his plans for a new project on the capital’s Kosmonavtov Street, saying, “It will be a huge bas-relief devoted to space. There will be three figures placed before the stars: Piotr Klimuk, Vladimir Kovalenok and Vladimir Novitsky.”
He added that he is preparing for a much bigger exhibition at the Museum of Minsk History — planned to open by next Cosmonautics Day, on April 12th, 2014.
An album devoted to the life and work of Ivan Misko was presented at the opening of the exhibition, containing biographical details as well as various pictures of his works.
Of course, it’s always preferable to see a sculptor’s works life-sized, so the latest exhibition is not to be missed. His studio has a rich history, being housed in a 19th century former stable, in which he took residence 40 years ago. The first Belarusian cosmonaut, Piotr Klimuk, became the sculptor’s first model in this studio and was the first to sign a mirror brought by the sculptor from his house. Each member of the Star City space crew has signed it over the years, since Mr. Misko was once a constant guest at Star City, being its resident sculptor. Like a real secret-service agent, he was sworn to secrecy.
Ivan Misko is the most famous space sculptor across post-Soviet territory, having created likenesses of every Soviet cosmonaut — and others besides. His studio boasts a door of cosmonauts’ autographs, as at Baikonur cosmodrome.
A sculptural portrait of Gagarin was Misko’s first in his space series, which he began to sculpt on the day of the cosmonaut’s death. He worked on the portrait in his old studio, situated in the art museum. Today, this first bust of Gagarin is mounted in the legend’s home country.
In fact, Mr. Misko began to sculpt while in the army. He gained a place at art school, with painting as his specialty, but failed to take up his place, lacking accommodation. After serving in a tank regiment, he began studying under Andrey Bembel, a master of sculpture; he has been in love with the genre now for 55 years.
Ivan Misko headed the Republican Monumental Council for 12 years. Now, he is responsible for town planning in the Minsk Region and manages the Regional Monumental-expert Council. He donates all his works to the country and his studio is likely to become a museum, with himself as its first employee! He is unique in having dedicated his artistic life to the space theme, using not only sculpture but sketching and photography to capture the character of each brave cosmonaut. Among them are Piotr Klimuk, Vladimir Kovalenok, Alexey Leonov and Valentina Tereshkova. He has even depicted Anna Timofeevna Gagarina, with whom he enjoyed a great friendship.
All cosmonauts arriving in Minsk have visited Ivan Misko’s studio: Georgy Beregovoy and Valery Ryumin, Vitaly Sevastianov and Victor Savinykh, Yury Romanenko and Yury Glazkov, Tamayo Mйndez from Cuba and Mirosław Hermaszewski from Poland. An especially great friendship has united the sculptor with Piotr Klimuk and Vladimir Kovalenok: his fellow citizens.
Georgy Beregovoy once joked that, since Baikonur had a door where all cosmonauts placed their signatures, Mr. Misko should do the same. The joke became a reality and the door is now on show alongside the sculptures, photographs, memorable souvenirs and other artefacts, at the National Art Museum.
Over the years, other guests started adding their signatures, including Alexander Lukashenko, during his time as a deputy of the Supreme Soviet.
As a young boy, Ivan Misko heard the name Star City and yearned to visit. Of course, his dream later came true. Within a few decades, the sculptor was an annual visitor to his second studio, where he created his portraits of cosmonauts and learnt about their training schedules and personal lives. He once obtained a permit to try out the training simulators, which left him feeling drunk for two days. One simulator imposed the illusion of flying around the globe. Following his experience, he chatted with American astronauts, who admitted that it’s easy to become depressed or irritable during space missions; accordingly, selection is conducted carefully.
Ivan even took saunas with the cosmonauts, who were able to spend whole days in the heat. Of course, it was part of their training to endure high temperatures. While working in Star City, the sculptor made a great number of masks of cosmonauts’ faces, before their flights. Each was surprised on afterwards viewing the results, which seem to capture a moment in time and revive their memories of each mission.
Naturally, Mr. Misko’s depiction of Yury Gagarin is among his most prized. On hearing a radio announcement of his tragic death, Mr. Misko surrounded himself with photos of the first cosmonaut and began a sculpture of the heroic pilot. He later left it outside to dry and, on returning home after an hour, was met by fire-engines extinguishing his burning barn. The sculpture was damaged (harking to Yuri’s own death during a fighter jet crash) but later restored, and resides still in his studio.
In due time, the sculptor met Yury’s mother, Anna Timofeevna Gagarina, who visited his studio more than once. One of his portraits of Anna, cast in bronze, is mounted in the homeland of the first cosmonaut. He recollects, “Her kind, clever eyes are still in my memory.” The great lady was always warmly welcomed by cosmonauts.
Yury’s mother presented Mr. Misko with some of her son’s photos, one bearing the inscription: ‘For Ivan Yakimovich, with wishes for success. July, 1979 A. Gagarina’. He also met the mothers of Pyotr Klimuk and Vladimir Kovalenok, embodying them in his Mothers of Heroes.
Sculptural portraits and compositions devoted to cosmonauts can be found not only in Ivan Misko’s studio and Star City but in each of the brave crew members’ homeland and, often, further abroad.
Mr. Misko’s passion has driven his lifelong love affair with space, having been rarely compensated for his frequent trips, with their associated costs. Many of his works were made without having been ordered and with no guaranteed payment. Sadly, it’s been three years since his last visit to Star City, leaving some works unfinished and, frustratingly, preventing him from meeting the cosmonauts training for their new flights. In fact, his next dream is not to take his exhibition to Star City but to allow it to tour the native countries of his cosmonaut subjects.
More than once, museums have asked to buy particular works but he refuses, being reluctant to see his collection broken up. However, for many years, he has been hoping for a sponsor to come forward, willing to take the whole collection. It would certainly create a unique feature, drawing visitors from far and wide.
The sculptor is currently working on a bust of Oleg Novitsky, the third Belarusian in space, who helped crew the ISS. “I find it easy to work with Oleg; time passes quickly while we’re chatting,” smiles Mr. Misko. “In honour of the exhibition opening, Oleg gave me a photo of Minsk, taken as the space station flew over Belarus.”
Ivan has worked not only with Belarusians and Russians but with cosmonauts from Poland, Cuba, Romania, Mongolia, France, Germany, Bulgaria, Syria, Great Britain, Vietnam, Austria, Japan, Afghanistan and India, creating works which are well-known far beyond the bordersTimes Staff Writer
Thursday marks the official start of winter and that changing of the seasons will be felt in Morgan County as a week that started out relatively mild will turn cold and snowy just in time for Christmas.
The work week will get off to a mostly sunny start Monday with a high near 53 degrees. It will stay clear Monday night with a low around 22 degrees.
It will stay sunny Tuesday with a high near 52. Tuesday night is forecasted to be mostly clear with a low around 22.
Wednesday is looking to be the week's warmest day with a high near 57 degrees. However, the temperature will then drop precipitously to a low of around 18 degrees Wednesday night, when it will be mostly cloudy. Wednesday night's forecast also calls for a chance of snow showers after 11 p.m.
The chance of snow will continue all day Thursday and it will be much colder during the day with the high expected to reach just 29 degrees.
Snow will remain possible through Thursday night with the low expected to just missing dropping into the single digits by settling at 10 degrees.
It will stay chilly Sunday with sunny skies and a high near 31 expected. Those cold temperatures are expected to stick around through the weekend with a high of 28 expected and 30 expected on Sunday with snow possible both days.
So will it be a White Christmas?
Forecasters say it might be as the early forecast is calling for a high in the mid-20s and a chance of snow or flurries on Christmas day.
Paul Albani-Burgio: 970-441-5103, paul@fortmorgantimes.com- I decided to change my blog URL and ended up losing my 50+ followers. I felt so dumb! Lol! I'm over it now...kinda.
- Savanah at Ridiculous Reviews featured me in her 'Every 20th Follower Feature'
- I joined the 'September is Read Your Own Books Month' challenge. I chose to do the Giraffe level, which was 4-6 books. I was able to reach 5!
- I joined in on the amazingly fun read-along event, Waterfall Wednesdays. It was 5 awesome weeks of discussing Lisa Bergren's fabulous book, WATERFALL. I had a blast and wish it lasted longer =(
- I only posted two reviews this month. SO sad! I'll try harder to post more in October.
- Water's Edge by Robert Whitlow
- Blue Skies Tomorrow by Sarah Sundin
- Conception(Future Savior, Book 1) by Jennifer Hartz
- Cascade by Lisa Bergren
- Torrent by Lisa Bergren*
Books Reviewed (title,author, rating)
- Blue Skies Tomorrow by Sarah Sundin, 4
- Water's Edge by Robert Whitlow, 4
Blog Awards Received
- From Katie at Legacy of a Writer & Melanie at Christian Bookshelf Reviews
Thanks ladies!
Giveaway Winners
- Kathy, winner of Blue Skies Tomorrow by Sarah Sundin
- Carol, winner of a $10 Amazon Gift Card
That's my Month in Review. How did your September go?
Comments on this blog are moderated and won't show up until I approve them. Thank you for stopping by and joining the conversation! :)California Labor and Employment Defense Blog
Keith Oberman sues Al Gore's Current TV for Wrongful Termination -- Olbermann Broadcasting Empire v. Current TV, LLC
Political commentator Keith Olbermann was recently terminated from Current TV, a start-up political network backed by Al Gore. The well-publicized termination involved allegations of not showing up for work and being generally insufferable.
Olbermann has now filed his own wrongful termination complaint in Los Angeles Superior Court, alleging that Current TV breached the contract first due to its incompetent production of his show. The gist of his theory is captured in the opening paragragh: industry executives.
Oddly, while the Complaint is supposedly premised on Current TV's breach of contract, it fails to allege any specific facts establishing the formation of a valid contract, the terms of the contract, or how the alleged conduct (if true) would have been a breach of any particular contract term.
Olbermann's attorneys undoubtedly realize this makes the lawsuit legally defective on its face. So the omissions probably stem from one of two reasons, either: (a) the Parties have struck an agreement to keep the contract out of the public record to avoid embarrassment; or (b) the Complaint is not really intended not as a serious legal pleading but more of a lengthy press release (which is immune from defamation liability as a public filing).
Phone: 323.592.3505 | Fax: 323.592.35062 guests
1 bedroom
1 bed
1 bath
2 guests
1 bedroom
1 bed
1 bath.
Business travel
This listing has essential business travel amenities.
Amenities
Pets allowed
Family/kid friendly
Free parking on premises
Kitchen
Sleeping arrangements
Bedroom 1
1 king bed
House Rules
No smoking
No parties or events
Not safe or suitable for infants (Under 2 years) - The space is not conducive to setting up a crib or playpen or the extra paraphernalia required for babies, nor child-proofed for small children.
Check-in time is flexible
Self check-in with keypad
Cancellations
8 Reviews
Accuracy
Communication
Cleanliness
Location
Check In
Value:There are five words transliterated as “Nachash” in the Strong’s Concordance. The Hebrew spelling is the same for all of them, except for the vowel symbols added many centuries after the Script was written. I’m only interested in two of the usages right now, and this is only a partial list of meanings for the two.
(Strong’s #5172) “Nachash…to hiss, i.e. whisper a (magic) spell, enchantment, learn by experience, diligently observe…” A spell isn’t necessarily magic as we would normally think of it. We can be spellbound by something that fascinates us. It can be the idea of magic, since that’s something people are attracted to.
It’s being persuaded by enchanting words. It can be the artfully woven tale of evolution, that works scientific data gained by diligent observation into a dangerous fabrication. It can be false science, false religion, the powerful whisper of false love, or anything that deceives us. Deception doesn’t even have to be intentional. It can be built upon simple misinterpretations.
Deceptions can be promoted by people who think they’re doing the right thing. Thoughts are planted in our minds by the power of suggestion. They affect us in ways we can’t imagine. There are empty promises that lift our dreams to the clouds, and then shatter them. Then there is depression and fear that immobilizes us.
(#5175) “Nachash; a snake (from its hiss), serpent…” This is the serpent in the Garden of Eden. The sound “hiss,” is part of the word “wisp,” (handfuls of nothing) as well as “whisper.” People sometimes do horrible things. We hear about it on the news. All those things began as a whisper in the mind.
Words are works. Words are seeds. Ideas are the roots of deeds (ref. “the Mind Games” in my Dec. 2010 archives). The “na,” of Nachash indicates a negative. It’s where our word “no,” comes from. “Chashab,” is a Hebrew word sometimes translated “thought,” “count,” (compute) “consider.” “Nachash,” is associated with negative thoughts. (Strong’s #2803) “chashab…to weave or to fabricate…”
I wish I could tell the world that the thoughts that arise in our minds don’t necessarily originate there, and we don’t have to accept them as ours. Some people seem to instinctively ignore negative thoughts that come to mind, and that’s not the worst way of dealing with them. Sometimes the more you wrestle with something, the stronger it seems to become. Wrong ways of thinking can be woven into the brain. Patterns of thinking and study affect the physical construction of the human brain.
I haven’t had much time to work on this. I love Christmas but I don’t enjoy the preparations. I can’t tell you how many interruptions I’m running into as I try to write. Please pardon my lack of focus.
your on the path to the truth of GOD BLESSED IS HE CAN HEAR THE TRUTH
there is nothing in this world but you and God it is the knowledge of the tree of good and evil against the tree of life the knowledge and wisdom of God and the serpent is the lust that dwell in us for without a desire what would you do for man was made in the image of God and he is spirit these body are just a house we live in
Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life (John 14:6).Download 12C PLATINUM apk Varies with device free for Android smartphone
Posted by Wi3 Software in Finance | Nov. 24, 2013 | 13 Comments
12C PLATINUM is a financial calculator which has the same user interface as the classic HP 12C PLATINUM Edition First Version financial calculator (without IRR bug :)).
Emulates ALL functions of the original HP12C financial calculator PLATINUM Edition such as:
*Modes RPN/ALG
Reverse Polish Notation/Algebra.
Whats new
Wi3 Software part of our Finance and have average installs from 5000 to 10000. Last Update Nov. 24, 2013. Google play rating is 89.0. Current verison is Varies with device. Actual size 0 bytes.
Similar applications
Andro12C financial (free)8276 Comments
Andro12C financial calculator630 Comments
HP 12c Financial Calculator363 Comments
HP 12C Platinum Calculator44 Comments
13 Comments
Schyller Hall
Awesome. Definitely haven't tried every function but for calculations like NPV, IRR, or other time value of money problems this thing is awesome. Looks great on my s4 and the operations are fast and smooth. So far all the operations are performed exactly like they are on my $70 hp12c. A steal at this price.
Adam Bricker
Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 With my tablet on its stand, this app is stuck upside down. There is no menu option to fix this, I either see the bottom of the calculator or an upside down calculator. I have absolutely no need to see the bottom and would really like this app to turn right side up when my tablet's cover is on the correct
A Google User
12c Platinum The keys could be larger. The red words could be Lighter & the blue more readable. White letters are to bold & fuzzy on my phone. Otherwise, it seems to work fine.
A Google User
BUG IN TVM FUNCTION Unable to display INT properly. Gives numerous errors when it had previously worked.
Hesley Tomazetti
Nice! Works like a charm! I tested a couple and this one is the best by far! First time I'm 100% satisfied with an app! LG G2
A Google User
Not like the real thing Does not compare to the one on iPhone. Installed on a Samsung Note and the display is blurry and there is not option to zoom in or out to resolve it. I got used to the options on the one for the iPhone which are sorely lacking in this version. However, it does the math and it solves Rogers' complaint since my phone has a stylus. Now that WebOS is almost dead, maybe HP itself will release their software for Android.
A Google User
Le_Ocelot Works exactly as the stand-alone model with all feature functionality intact on my Bionic.
A Google User
12C Platinum Just like the handheld. It's always with me.
A Google User
Great app Great app! Looks really good on Galaxy sii.
A Google User
Great like the real one. I have the real one an this is just like it. Would recommended this to anyone.
Daniel Reynolds
Super fast Wow. I've tried three of them on the market. This one works the fastest with no delay.
Rush Shortley
Just Like The Original Great app. Works like the original HP 12C.
Susie Wong
12C It used to work fine but now it turns to the back side and and I'm unable to use the calculator. Waste of money!!How I Go by Yellowcard
I could tell you the wildest of tales
Of my friend the giant and traveling sales
Tell you all the times that I failed
The years all behind me, the stories exh
Son, I am not everything you though that I would be
But every story I have told is part of me
One of the reasons, I love this song so much is that it is inspired by the relationship between two characters from one of my favorite movies, Big Fish. The film explores the tension between a father and son as the father lays dying. The son desperately wants to know and understand his father before it is too late but the father has always been a story-teller, a larger than life figure whose tall tales and jokes gets in the way of real intimacy. It’s a great film, based on a great book (Big Fish by Daniel Wallace) and the song really hits the emotional core of it.Episode 1.11: The Nagus
One of my higher praises for DS9 is its ability to develop substantial depth to so many characters throughout it’s 7 season run. A mechanism it uses to do this is to run parallel storylines within a single episode. This is the first instance where this mechanism is employed to great effect. Often these stories are lighter in theme, because each plot gets half the screen time.
The first is the Ferengi. The so-called “Ferengi episodes” give DS9’s arcs two advantages. First is humor. Ferengi are easily and rightfully mocked for their actions and attitudes. Second, the Ferengi are specifically written to be caricatures of 20th century humans. If the humans of the Federation are paragon humans enjoying the fruits of Roddenberry’s paradise, the Ferengi are us humans watching the show before the triumphs of the future have been earned. When it comes to finding the paradise, the struggles of the Ferengi are what we current humans must overcome. They place the acquisition of material wealth above all things, and their leader the Nagus is more a pope than a president. I don’t think it’s a large jump to claim greed is its own religion. The Nagus himself is cunning, deceptive, power-hungry, and inconceivable (get it?). The rest of the Ferengi (including Quark) show us a side of humanity we either are ashamed of or despise when we see it in other people. Rom pawns off his punishment from Quark onto his son. The great Ferengi around the table shamelessly brown-nose to the Nagus. They speak bald-faced lies to the group while internally knowing the truth (they say their name is unrightfully besmirched, but they totally know it’s well-earned). They willfully intend to backstab the Gamma Quadrant people with their word. The Nagus lacks trust by having Maihar’du taste-test his food. When Quark becomes Nagus, he is quickly drunk with power. He knows how to be greedy, but he has no idea how to wield power. He lets himself be controlled instead of doing the controlling. And in the end, once the Nagus reveals himself, we are told the bar was the key all along. Quark had the greatest jewel right under his nose, and he never saw it because he always wants more, never being content with his station in life. What of those above doesn’t make you squirm uncomfortably if you yourself are doing it or see it in someone else? The only positive quality I see from the Ferengi is they value instinct (the lobes!). Scoundrels, the whole lot of them.
The second storyline is Jake and Nog. I have come to appreciate Jake’s story more recently. It’s a classic story of a boy becoming a man. And to start that journey, a boy must move away from his father. Many will say that men seek independence. I would say this is only partially right. It’s not independence men seek, but rather confidence in ourselves that we have what it takes. We can do it, whatever ‘it’ is. Boys rely on their fathers to do what needs to be done. So to be men, we must move away from that certainty. One of the first challenges to standing in the world as our own men means we have to withstand the winds of peer pressure. Jake fails miserably! But, and this is very key, this is NOT failure as a man. Failure is our best teacher and life is riddled with it. Coming back to his father, Jake realizes his mistake. But he also realizes the advice his father gives isn’t correct. Another sign of becoming a man is evaluating a situation independent of our authority figures. Sisko’s mistake is common among society. He presumes that influence will flow from bad to good, or from Nog to Jake. I heard this ALL THE TIME in my Bible school classes. He fears Jake being corrupted. Nowhere in his mind does he consider Jake influencing Nog. Thankfully, Jake sees his father’s error. Maybe unconsciously, but he does nonetheless. Instead, Jake listens to some of his father’s previous advice about accepting other cultures. He ends up teaching Nog how to read, even though Nog cannot go to school anymore. Influence can absolutely flow from good to bad, or from Jake to Nog. And naturally, the final scene between the two involves the most important part of being 14…discovering girls…
Random Thoughts: 1) Morn is directly interacted with, and he even laughs! I think this is his only sound, but don’t quote me on that yet. 2) Bajoran Fire Caverns are mentioned for the first time. 3) Two Rules of Acquisitions, the 1st and the 6th, are quoted. 4) O’Brien returns and the silhouettes of the various Enterprise ships are seen in the back of his classroom. 5) Though it is obvious, don’t miss the irony about the essay topic and Jake & Nog’s behavior. 6) Jake and Nog hanging out in “the spot.” 7) If you didn’t get my joke from above, Wallace Shawn plays the Nagus, who is Vizzini from Princess Bride.About Rae Swedenburg
Rae Swedenburg is a published author. A published credit of Rae Swedenburg is A bibliography of Spanish language materials in the Instructional Materials Collection (IMC special bibliography).To edit or update the above biography on Rae Swedenburg, please Log In or Register.
Link to this page:
Published Works by Rae SwedenburgClick a book's title or cover for more details and to read reviewsWestern Style Faux Gem Rivet Belt Faux Suede Cowboy Hat For Women - Light Khaki
7.84
Stylish Letter Printed Lace-Up Western Cowboy Style Folding Straw Hat For Women - Jacinth
9.55
Chic Fluorescence Color Letter Embellished Cowboy Military Hat For Women - Orange Red
4.52
Fashionable Casual Rhinestone Embellished Cowboy Baseball Cap For Women - Blue
9.71
Chic Letter Embellished Fluorescence Color Cowboy Military Hat For Women - Orange Red
4.55
Chic Letter Embellished Patch Brim Cowboy Baseball Cap For Women - Neon Green
4.65
Fashionable Casual Owl Pattern and Rhinestone Embellished Baseball Cap For Women - Jet Black 01#
9.55
Love the shabby chic look this hat has.
Fashionable Casual Rhinestone Embellished Cowboy Baseball Cap For Women
June-06/2017 01:30:03 bree：Movie Review:
Dracula Untold
We kick the movie off with a quick backstory on Vlad- yeah, THAT Vlad the Impaler. He is now prince of Wallachia, and subservient to the Ottomans, and he grew up with the currant Sultan, Mehmed II (who if you don’t know, is the guy that finally brought down Constantinople (not Istanbul) Vlad has taken the throne, and is out on a scouting party and comes across a Turk helmet. Following the path upstream, they come across a cave, and inside the floor is made of crushed bone. No don’t leave yet, it gets better. Inside is TYWIN F’N LANNISTER! Tywin starts killing people, but Vlad is able to cut him and when he falls into sunlight, the “blood” vaporizes off the blade. Hauling Ass out of the cave, Vlad comes across Monk Exposition who tells him there is a vampire in the cave, who is trapped until someone finds him, escapes and returns to share in his power. Well, 2/3s done already! If only Vlad could find a reason to need the power of the Vampire!
So Vlad is having dinner with his family. The Ottoman Ambassador shows up and demands his tribute, Vlad pays and we get some light threats over the missing soldiers. As the Ambassador turns to leave, he mentions that the Sultan wants a thousand boys to add to his army, this is actually historically accurate, but still, Vlad isn’t happy. After more threats, the Turks leave. That night Vlad gets nagged by his wife about the situation. Vlad goes to talk to his “brother” the Sultan- who is HOWARD STARK! Whoa! Anyway, Stark refuses him and even piles on, saying that Vlad must give up his SON as well as the thousand boys.
So now Vlad has to fight the Turks, but he knows he has no shot, and goes back to the cave- and Tywin says he can have the power of the Vampires, and if he can prevent himself from drinking blood for three days, he will turn back mortal, if not, then he becomes a permanent vampire, and Tywin is free to roam Westeros again.
So Vlad drinks Tywin’s blood, and now has three days to stop to Ottoman Army, avoid blood, and keep his wife and son safe. Guess how it turns out?
The movie spends WAY too much time trying to prove that Vlad is a good guy, and pretending that its not going to end like we think its going to end. I hate to say it, but we ALL KNOW how how its gonna end. I’m gonna give this a rest until the spoilers, but You will know it when the plot hits. Either that or you are in Junior high and this is the first horror movie you have been able to swipe off Netflix under your mom’s password. The movie has a lot of good parts, but some MAJOR flaws that are not exactly apparent while watching it, but on second viewing stand out like a sore thumb. So lets give this one a 6.
Spoilers? Sure
Tiny URL for this post:BELIZE CITY (AP) - June 27, 2010 --Alex strengthened back into a tropical as it moved across the Gulf of Mexico late Sunday after dumping heavy rains on parts of Central America and Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula that left four people dead.
Alex grows back into tropical storm over Gulf
noneHemel Hempstead Town FC have completed the signing of Moussa Diarra from St Albans City.
The tall central defender moved to England from France in 2011 and had trials with Tooting & Mitcham United before signing for Horley Town.
He then joined St Albans, scoring on his Southern League debut against Stourbridge.
A Hemel Town FC spokesman said: “Moussa was instrumental in our recent Boxing Day clash against St Albans, so we are well aware of his abilities and are very pleased that he has joined our ranks.
“Everyone at the club would like to welcome Moussa to the club and look forward to seeing him fulfil his ambitions with us.”As a third generation Indian immigrant, I was always proud to be British. Now, the country I thought I knew is unrecognisableby Harjeet Johal / August 15, 2017 / Leave a comment
The Brexit debate revealed a new side of Britain. Photo: PA
A friend once called me the Fatima Whitbread of flag-waving – sturdy at the hips and record breaking.I am a third generation Indian immigrant, but when it came to supporting Britain, no one could match me for enthusiasm or effort. I would scoff at other third-generation immigrants who had not yet fully declared their allegiance to the country in which they were born.They harboured romantic notions for another place, a land they couldn’t define, and I belittled them for it.
Britain, for me, was a wildly international place.A country who had replaced its once infamous drawbridge with a fixed, well-lit highway out to the world. It understood that we had to be part of something bigger than ourselves and that participation, in turn, made us greater still.It also signed up to the European version of liberalism, and because of that, our acceptance of difference was driven up, to a higher place – so-much-so that we became (perhaps unknowingly) a world leader in it.We were a net-exporter of tolerance.
But then Brexit happened.Brexit was a rejection of my notion of Britain.The place I defended so vigorously fell away from beneath my feet. I still can’t decide whether Britain was changed on that night or whether it revealed itself, ripping off a mask which had itched for the last forty years, inflaming and irritating the true skin beneath.Either way, I felt a gut punch and I’m still struggling to breathe.Member? Sign in. Not a member? Register for free.
SMS & Email Templates HD Lite
iOS Universal Social Networking
You are missing creativity to give a love message?
What about a funny message?
Try the new SMS & Email Templates app that give you 80 pre-made messages in the following categories:
✔ Friends
✔ Family
✔ Birthday
✔ Sorry & Thanks
✔ Funny
✔ Greetings
✔ Love Quotes
✔ Others
✔ Custom Made: Messages the user can write and be used when needed.
You can also share you messages using copy+paste in many ways.
You can add additional messages and keep them in memory and send them when needed.
Universal app designed exclusively for:
✔ iPhone
✔ iPad
✔ iPod Touch
Sharing SMS Messages will work using an iPhone; it will not work using an iPad or iPod Touch. For iPad or iPod Touch you can share Email messages and through copy+paste.
Available today!If your profit margins are getting squeezed, it could be a sign you haven't done enough to differentiate your company.
It's a problem that the Gnu Group faced – and overcame.
The company, based in Lafayette, Calif., designs the signs that people use to find their way inside a building. But when a billion-dollar hospital is getting built, the signs that direct you to your doctor's office can represent under 1 per cent of overall construction costs, so they are often a low priority and assigned to the cheapest bidder.
The more that GNU's chief executive officer, Phil Murphy, participated in requests for proposals, the lower his company's margins sunk.
Wanting to get out of the business of competing on price, Mr. Murphy decided to differentiate his offering by documenting his unique approach for creating signs in a seven- step system. Then he branded the system and sold it like a product.
The " Sign System Navigator" is the proprietary result for designing and implementing signage programs. Each step in GNU's process is itself branded and described in the marketing materials that Mr. Murphy and his team use to pitch their services.
The first step of GNU's process is something called the "sign profile analysis" where GNU "establishes the needs, strategy, hierarchy, messages, locations, quantities of a signage program…"
Most service businesses would do all of those things as part of the process of writing a proposal, but Mr. Murphy has gone out of his way to differentiate every step of his system – including getting the job in the first place.
The seventh step is called the "improvement profile" which, among other things, promises "post installation follow-up services including maintenance procedures, on-going maintenance and ordering additional program elements…"
Again, most of Mr. Murphy's competitors would offer some follow-up service after the job is done but he positions it as part of a rigorous, seven-step process.
The payoff? Mr. Murphy has gone from competing on price in a commoditized business to the point where most of the jobs GNU now gets are never even put through a competitive bid process.
Instead, clients are buying the seven-step process that he markets like a product, not a service.
Codifying your approach to doing business has a number of benefits:
1. When you're selling your system, instead of simply competing in a generic category, your differentiated approach allows you to win back control over your pricing. The buyer no longer has an "apples to apples" way to compare your offering with other proposals.
2. Similarly, you can reduce or eliminate the need to respond to requests for proposal, and, therefore, avoid grinding down your margin. Instead of asking GNU to participate in what amounts to a reverse auction, most clients now come directly to the company because they have had good experience using Mr. Murphy's seven-step system.
3. With a packaged process, you can charge a larger portion of the job upfront. Unlike billing for time, where you typically have to spend the time to know how much to charge, when you're selling a system, you can charge a larger portion of that "product" upfront.
4. Your customers gain confidence that you've handled similar projects before and have a rigorous approach to your work.
5. Your employees learn the steps faster, with fewer mistakes, and new employees become productive more quickly.
To help articulate and differentiate your approach, hire a journalist (easy to do on) to interview you for a few hours about your process for doing business. Then have him or her summarize your system for serving customers in a number of steps.
Just being interviewed will make you realize that you do have a system, and that you're probably just following it subconsciously.
When you get the journalist's report back, you'll have the beginnings of a system that can help you differentiate your company and win back control over your margins.:Governor Palin’s Praise of Governor Perry
January 23, 2012
Tweeting on January 19, Mrs. Palin had these kind words for Gov. Perry:
“Rick Perry reflects the character of his great state: strong, tenacious, big heart. Good job, Governor. You are a true American patriot.”
I am sure Governor Perry and his staff appreciate those sentiments, and we certainly echo them. Though we would have hoped for his campaign to be on top, it was not, and we pray for the best candidate to win the primary and the general.
AdvertisementsEvery time customers fill up with a minimum of £30 fuel, they can enter the prize draw to win £5,000 of fuel. Jet will give away 14 JetCards, each pre-loaded with £5,000 of fuel.
Pete George, managing director of Phillips 66 UK & Ireland Marketing, said: "2014 marks our diamond anniversary. This is a real milestone for us as a company and an achievement that we are very proud of.
"2014 is going to be an exciting year for Jet we're planning lots of initiatives and customer promotions to celebrate and see the 1954 Free Prize Draw as a great way to kick start our celebrations."What is FTP and How Is It Used?
What is FTP?
FTP is a way to transfer files between hosts over the internet. It is especially helpful as a way to upload or download files to or from a site quickly. FTP clients allow connections from both anonymous and registered users. When the goal is to limit who can perform the file transfer, the log in is often set up to require a username and password, while content that is meant to be distributed widely is often set up with an anonymous FTP login.
How to Install FTP?
FTP is very easy to install on a virtual private server. Most FTP servers have very practical and usable defaults. Since FTP was not conceived as a very secure protocol, for example the login credentials are not encrypted, you can increase the security after installation by disabling anonymous login and chrooting your registered users into their own directories.
There is an large variety of FTP programs that can be installed on a VPS. Two that we find useful are ProFTPD or VSFTPD, and you can see how to download and configure them here, selecting whichever one you prefer.
Next Steps:
Once you have an FTP client installed and configured on your virtual server, you can connect to it through the browser or the command line. Access on the command line is fairly simple, with the user required to type in:
ftp example.com
The prompt asks for a login and password, if you are doing an anonymous login, type in anonymous, and fill out the password with your email address. Once you connect, you can use the following commands to begin transferring files between machines:
put: copies the file from the local to the remote server
mput: copies multiple files from the local to the remote server
get: retrieves the file from the remote server and downloads it on the local machine
mget: retrieves multiple files from the remote server and downloads them to the local machine
ls: list the files in the current directory
cd: change the directory on the remote server
help: provides a list of available commands
pwd: provides you with the pathname of remote computer’s directory
delete: deletes a file on the remote server
mdelete: deletes multiple files on the remote server
exit: closes the FTP connection
Alternatively, to access a remote ftp server in your browser, type its address into the address bar. It should look like this:
If you prefer to avoid the command line for most of your FTP work, you can download Filezilla, an open-source FTP client and server.
See More
This was just a brief overview of FTP. If you have any further questions about FTP programs or commands, feel free to post your questions in our Q&A Forum, and we’ll be happy to answer them.
13 Comments- More
-
The Fountainhead (Warner Brothers, 1949). Insert (14" X 36")....Click the image to load the highest resolution version.
DescriptionThe Fountainhead (Warner Brothers, 1949). Insert (14" X 36"). Ayn Rand's landmark objectivist novel about an architect (played by Gary Cooper in the movie adaptation) who refuses to compromise his principals boasts a screenplay by the author herself, who also, apparently, was not big on compromise. Rand wrote a lengthy speech for Cooper at the end of the picture, and insisted it be filmed just as written. The director, King Vidor, decided to tighten it up a bit, and when Rand heard that her speech was being edited, she contacted the studio head immediately and insisted the scene be filmed verbatim. She won, and the result, at six minutes, is one of the longest monologues ever to appear in a feature film. This marvelous insert, which pictures Cooper and co-star Patricia Neal, had fold wear, minor edge tears, a bottom right corner that has been reattached, and slight chipping in the borders. Professional restoration has expertly addressed these issues, resulting in a poster that looks as fresh and clean as the day it was printed.Construction on the Phi Gamma Delta House at the University of Chicago continues to unfold! Upon the conclusion of the framing phase, the installation of all the requisite building systems (HVAC, plumbing, electrical, security, data, audio/visual, etc.) has launched and is now complete. Drywall installation will be next on the agenda followed immediately by tile and other finishes/fixtures.- EaseUS Solution
- Free Data Recovery Software
- Free Backup Software
- Free Partition Manager
According to most Windows users and Google result, the major problem for upgrading system disk - clone OS to SSD/HDD is that cloned hard drive or SSD won’t boot. If you are having a similar problem or worrying about Windows won’t boot after cloning to HDD/SSD, don’t worry. You’ll find ideal solutions here to get your problem solved now.
Are you trying to install a new SSD drive to your computer and clone Windows 10 from bigger HDD to smaller SSD? Windows 10 fails to boot from cloned SSD?
According to Google searching result, quite a lot of Windows users have encountered this issue that they used some software to clone and migrate Windows OS to SSD or HDD, but Windows system won’t boot from the cloned disk. Here this page will take clone Windows 10 to smaller SSD as an example to show you how to clone Windows OS to HDD/SSD without boot problem.
You can just follow here below 3 steps to improve computer performance and upgrade system disk by cloning Windows 10 (or Windows 10 Creators/Fall Creators) to SSD and make cloned SSD bootable now:
Professional system clone software - EaseUS Todo Backup supports you to clone both Windows system and boot partition and files together to new SSD so to avoid cloned ssd won’t boot or system fails to boot issue.
If you prefer a simple and effective way to clone Windows 10 to smaller SSD without boot problem, just free download EaseUS system clone software here and continue with Step 2 to clone Windows 10 to SSD now:
1. Connect new HDD/SSD to PC firstly and reboot PC;
2. Launch EaseUS Todo Backup and click System Clone;
3. EaseUS system clone will automatically select your present system and boot partition files..
4. After this, click Next > Click Proceed to complete the process.
After this, don’t hurry to reboot your PC. You shall follow Step 3 to make cloned SSD bootable before you restart computer from newly cloned SSD drive.
1. Insert and add new SSD with Windows 10 OS to PC/laptop;
2. Reboot computer and press F2 while booting PC till BIOS window shows up;
3. Change boot order and set computer to boot from new SSD;
4. Click OK or Save to keep the settings and then reboot the computer from SSD.
After this, all you need is to wait, Windows 10 will be able to boot up from cloned SSD and you can then continue your jobs and life with Windows 10 without any problems.
30 days Money Back Guarantee
Transactions Protected
Trusted by Millions of Users
7 X 24 Service & Live Chatby Brianna Crandall — August 29, 2017 — The increasingly popular cured-in-place piping (CIPP) pipe repair method is based on an innovative technology that seems to produce noteworthy results in getting the job done on a variety of pipes effectively and quickly, with little disruption. But new research from Purdue University is calling for immediate safeguards and further research into the widely used method to understand the potential health and environmental concerns for workers and the public.
Cured-in-place pipe repair (CIPP)
The procedure, called cured-in-place pipe repair, or CIPP, was invented in England in the 1970s, and became available more recently in the United States. It involves inserting a resin-impregnated fabric tube into a damaged pipe and curing it in place with hot water or pressurized steam, sometimes with ultraviolet light. The result is a new plastic pipe manufactured inside the damaged one.
The method has come in high demand for government work, since CIPP is a flexible way to repair many pipes, sewers, and culverts without disrupting the road and incurring more costs. It has also proven popular for water pipes in such facilities as hotels, hospitals, schools, public buildings, and high-rises because of its crucial ability to keep traffic flowing for the business or institution.
Research discovered hazards
However, the CIPP process can emit chemicals into the air, sometimes in visible plumes, and can expose workers and the public to a mixture of compounds that can pose potential health hazards, according to Andrew Whelton, an assistant professor in Purdue University’s Lyles School of Civil Engineering and the Environmental and Ecological Engineering program.
Whelton study are detailed in a paper appearing in Environmental Science & Technology Letters.
The findings show that the chemical plume, commonly thought of as harmless steam, was actually a complex mixture of organic vapor, water vapor, particulates of condensable vapor and partially cured resin, and liquid droplets of water and organic chemicals.
Whelton asserted:
Short- and long-term health impacts caused by chemical mixture exposures should be immediately investigated. Workers are a vulnerable population, and understanding exposures and health impacts to the general public is also needed.
Research results
The researchers briefed the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) National Institute for Occupational Health and Safety (NIOSH) about their findings. NIOSH has OSH experts who can investigate workplace hazards.
Chemicals found during the study include hazardous air pollutants, suspected endocrine-disrupting chemicals, and known and suspected carcinogens. Emissions were sometimes highly concentrated and affected by wind direction, speed and the worker’s activities, Whelton noted.. Shannahan stated:
This suggests that there are operational conditions that may decrease the potential for hazardous health effects. Since exposures can be highly variable in chemical composition, concentration, and exposure duration our findings demonstrate the need for further investigation.
At the same time, existing testing methods are not capable of documenting this multi-phase chemical exposure, Whelton pointed out.
Findings contradict conventional thinking
In 2017, Whelton completed a one-and-a-half-day CIPP construction inspector course for consulting and municipal engineers and contractors as part of a different research project. From this experience, Whelton remarked:
CIPP workers, the public, water utilities, and engineers think steam is emitted. What we found was not steam. Even when the chemical plume was not visible, our instruments detected that we were being chemically exposed.
The team’s Freedom of Information Act requests to cities and utilities revealed 49 public reports of chemical air contamination associated with CIPP activities, along with complaints filed by homeowners and businesses who, anecdotally, described strong and lingering chemical odors and illness symptoms.
Workers repair a damaged pipe using the CIPP process, which emits a white plume containing a complex mixture vapors and chemical droplets. The workers wore no respiratory protection. (Purdue video)
John A. Howarter, an assistant professor of materials engineering and environmental and ecological engineering at Purdue, urged additional research because the procedure has not been well studied for health and environmental risks. He said:
The CIPP process is actually a brilliant technology.. Whelton said this comparison is “wrong and invalid,” particularly in the case of children, and pointed out that “CIPP workers can be exposed to more than one chemical at a time, in addition to droplets, vapor and particulates.”
The team found that the uncured chemicals also might pose hazards: The nitrile gloves Whelton wore on one occasion deteriorated from contact with the uncured resin tube. From the researchers’ observations and online images and videos, they determined that workers sometimes did not wear gloves while handling the chemicals. Whelton advised:
Workers should always wear appropriately thick chemically resistant gloves while handling uncured resin tubes. No one should handle these materials with their bare hands.
Whelton added that state and local health officials must be alerted when people complain about odors near CIPP sites and illness so they can investigate — the health officials that researchers spoke with were “unaware of illness and odor complaints from CIPP activities,” since the public often speaks instead with CIPP contractors and engineers. Whelton concluded:
Engineers should act immediately because it is their professional responsibility to hold paramount the safety, health, and welfare of the public according to their code of ethics.. The research was primarily funded by a RAPID response grant from the National Science Foundation, with additional support from public donations and Purdue University.
Results from the Purdue air testing study are detailed in a paper appearing on July 26 in Environmental Science & Technology Letters. The study files can freely be downloaded and are open-access. A YouTube video is also available that summarizes the research findings.
The study follows a discovery three years ago when researchers reported that chemicals released by CIPP activities into waterways have been linked to fish kills, contaminated drinking water supplies, and negative impacts to wastewater treatment plants. The previous research paper, available in the same publication, demonstrated that chemicals released into water by CIPP sites can be toxic — the CIPP waste dissolved freshwater test organisms within 24 hours at room temperature.Online Banks Guide
Bank of America
Chase Bank
HSBC Bank
Citibank
Wells Fargo Bank
» Huntington National Bank
Huntington National Bank
Huntington bank is a regional bank which currently affiliates to Huntington Bancshares Inc. headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. Huntington National Bank serves in the Midwestern part of the United States of America with the total assets of $52 billion and more than 11,000 employees. They provide both the personal and business banking services to the people of Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania, West Virginia (WV), and Kentucky.
According to the Huntington National Bank history and their profile record, they were the 35th largest bank company in United States in terms of assets accumulated and 27th largest in terms of total deposits. Not only this, Huntington is the number 1 SBA 7(a) lender in the Midwestern regions mentioned above and number 5 SBA lender in the entire country. So far the company has helped more than 1.3 million consumers and 130,000 small businesses through investment and suitable loan programs. In October 2008 they had also received $1.4 billion from TARP (Troubled Asset Relief Program).
They also provide various type of savings account. The FDIC insured money market account is one such which facilitates high interest rates or money market rates as compared to the normal savings account. These money market rates vary from 0.05% to 0.58% depending on the balance maintained. Unlike the other banks, Huntington Bank offers two types of overdraft protection checking accounts.
Moreover Huntington Bank CD rates can be locked for 30 days to many years. CDs are preferred because they give higher yields than the other saving products and services. The products offered by Huntington Bank include visa check debit card, visa and master credit cards with an introductory low APR (annual percentage rate) and one can also earns various rewards on traveling, merchandising etc. Besides, it acts as a private financial group which provides private banking facility to the customers. They can also avail the solutions to enhance the business opportunity or fulfill the dream of owning a home. On the other hand there are relationship managers who are ready to help in primary and vacation home mortgages, home equity lines of credit (HELOC), education and tuition needs, stock options and even expanding the business. Amongst the commercial services provided by Huntington, the treasury management is one such notable service.
In addition, careers in Huntington have a wide option for not only employment and jobs opportunities but it also provides several training and development programs.
Huntington Bank Locations
Huntington Bank has 600 branch offices with more than 1,300 ATM locations across the six Midwestern states of the country. Each of the local branch office serves as headquarters as per the customers' financial needs in the corresponding region. Rather than the locations in Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Pennsylvania, West Virginia (WV), and Kentucky, there are also branches with the selected financial activities in locations like Florida, Cayman Islands and Hong Kong.
Huntington Mortgage
The company provides mortgage facility to the personal or retail bankers at certain competitive mortgage rates like conventional fixed rate and adjustable mortgage rate, and rating methods. They help the customers through various mortgage services such as new home purchasing, refinancing, real estate owned properties (REO) and corporate relocating. As per the records, the company claims that it has also helped more than 2,400 homeowners by minimizing the mortgage payments and restructuring their mortgages to more affordable conditions. It has even helped fulfill the dream of home ownership for low and moderate income families through mortgage lending. They also provide online mortgage calculator assistance to the customers using which the customer can calculate their loan requirement and payment amount.
Huntington Bank Online
Online services are available at both the personal and business levels. The company is ranked 8th among all the banks of the country for its online banking services by Keynote Banker Scorecard. This online service includes complete banking services such as personal banking, business banking, investment, insurance; asset based lending and wealth management. On one hand there are several financing options while on the other there are refinance solutions to help you with a payoff loan for purchasing leased vehicle.
The personal online banking service covers various services like internet banking, bill payment, mobile, text and PC banking, as well as the online investment, retirement plan, trust and mortgages. The business online service provides the facility for electronic transactions, account information, check services, online payroll, administration, trust and others.
The services mentioned above can be accessed through online login with the respective username and password. These services are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week.
Huntington Bank Columbus Ohio
From 1866 onwards the Huntington Bank in Columbus, Ohio has been serving in Central Ohio region with a full range of several banking services. The bank offers complete banking solutions to residents of the entire Ohio state including the cities of Columbus and Newark. As one of the premier bank in the Ohio state, one may not find any difficulty in locating the nearest local branch. There are various customer service staffs that are happy to help in any matters. The Huntington Bank in Ohio offers a wide range of following services.
Personal and Business banking
Online Banking
Mortgage, Loans, Credit and Leasing
Public Funds and Non profits
Planning and Retirement
The address of its corporate office is given below.
Huntington National Bank
41 South High Street
Columbus, OH 43287
United States
Phone: 614-480-4483
Secondary Phone: 800-480-2265
Huntington Bank Loans
Both the personal and business bankers have the facility to obtain loan from the bank with a flexible payment option. Huntington Bank offers various types of personal loans such as equity and auto loans, motorcycle loan, boat loan etc. The business groups or bankers can avail loan products like business home equity line of credit (HELOC), term and SBA guaranteed business loans, equipment finance and leasing etc. In 2009 the bank provides more than $700 million loans to small businesses. One can apply for a business loan through online application on the website.
The Huntington Bank also provides auto lease, auto loans or car loans at low and flexible rates. This auto loan rates vary from one location to another depending on the terms of the lending program. They are number 1 auto lender in Ohio and Kentucky region. Again if you are loosing your home due to foreclosure, there is the solution through Huntington's mortgage modification, short shale benefits and others.
Huntington Bank Routing Numbers
The bank assign a 9 digit transit routing number or ABA number for identification purpose. This number is different from one branch to another. In other words, it is the identification number of the bank in which the customers maintain their accounts. This will be found on the bottom line of the check and if it is difficult to find the routing number, you can call the 24/7 customer service at 1-800-480-BANK (2265).
Huntington Bank Hours
The hours of operation for Huntington Banks are different from one location to another and from one branch to another. Normally the branches remain closed only on Sunday but there are some other branches of the bank which do not provide services on Saturday. Usually, all the banking services are carried out between 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m.
For further and more detailed information of the bank and their services, locations etc. you can refer to the website of the bank or browse our website.
Website:
Advertisement
Huntington National Bank
Ohio
Locations
Mortgage
Columbus Ohio
Jobs
Credit Card
Careers
Loans
Routing Number
Rates
Michigan
Online BankingAnd the award for the longest senior portrait session commute goes to...Jblynn! After finding our senior website online, Jblynn flew all the way from Alaska for her Senior Portrait session.Â Jblynn who was so tiny and sweet right down to her perfectly manicured toes!Â (Oh...side note, Loving all of the new wall paper patterns that we're rolling out for the Class of 2010 Senior Picture season...proving once again that contemporary studio portraits are just as cool as the outdoor stuff!)
Just a quick reminder that we're running July Senior Picture Specials.Â Details are at Studio B SeniorsFilter Results:
- Full text PDF available (3)
Publication Year
2003
2017
- This year (1)
- Last 5 years (1)
- Last 10 years (4)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Nelson Iheonunekwu, Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Blondel Crosdale, Rajkumar Gangappa
- The West Indian medical journal
- 2007
Tuberous sclerosis complex manifests predominantly as a neurocutaneous disorder Lung involvement was considered rare. Lymphangioleiomyomatosis which occurs mainly in women of childbearing age is the major pulmonary disorder seen in tuberous sclerosis. Multifocal micronodular pneumocyte hyperplasia has also been described in tuberous sclerosis. The case of a… (More)
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Nelson Iheonunekwu
- Nigerian journal of medicine : journal of the…
- 2009
Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura (TTP) is an uncommon and potentially fatal syndrome which is due to either congenital or acquired deficiency of the ultra large von Willbrand's factor (ULVWF) cleavage protease. It is characterized by mechanical micro angiopathic hemolytic anemia, and organ dysfunctions.
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Abdullah Al-allawi, Robert Henry Feiler
- 2017
Classical celiac disease (CCD) is dominated by gastrointestinal (GTI) symptoms while the atypical celiac diseases (ACD) is associated with extra-intestinal symptoms [1]. The extra-intestinal symptoms include various dermatological conditions the most common ones are dermatitis hepetiformis, linear IgA bullous dermatosis (LABD), urticaria, hereditary… (More)
- Nelson Iheonunekwu, Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Donna E. Davies, Kate Pickering
- The West Indian medical journal
- 2004
This paper reports the case of a 21-year-old Afro-Caribbean pregnant woman with hyperthyroidism and hypokalaemic quadriparesis and reviews the literature on the topic. Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis is a very rare condition in the Caribbean. This case reminds West Indian physicians to consider this rare condition in any patient that presents with paralysis.
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim
- The West Indian medical journal
- 2003
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Nelson Iheonunekwu
- Nigerian journal of medicine : journal of the…
- 2009
BACKGROUND Secondary amyloidosis of the conjunctiva and respiratory mucosal antedating cancer is very rare. We present a case illustrating this rare association in order to draw the attention of clinician to the association between secondary amyloidosis and cancers. METHOD We present a 72-yrs-old woman with secondary amyloidosis of conjunctiva and the… (More)
- Nelson Iheonunekwu, Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, I Ojuro
- Nigerian journal of medicine : journal of the…
- 2010
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Nelson Iheonunekwu
- The West Indian medical journal
- 2004
- Tunde Maiyaki Ibrahim, Nelson Iheonunekwu, Veenu Gill, H Vantapool
- The West Indian medical journal
- 2005
The colon responds monomorphically to a variety of insults thus making it difficult to differentiate invasive amoebic colitis and inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). The authors present a case with chronic dysentery, haematochezia, anaemia and hypoproteinaemia. The endoscopic findings were suggestive of IBD. The stool examination was negative for trophozoites… (More)You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
Bankruptcy is one of the many consumer debt reduction alternatives available to consumers who are deep in debt. It isn't necessarily the best option, but neither is it as dreadful as many people see it as being. No one hopes to declare bankruptcy. But then, no one hopes to have a problem with consumer debt. Yet, a situation which is far too prevalent is a condition of out of hand debt which requires an answer; and sometimes a bankruptcy proceeding is this answer. In the U.S. there are lots of consumer bankruptcy filings every year, despite the reforms which have been put in place to make it more complicated while reducing easy access.
If you are contemplating doing the same, it is critical for you to get all of the details prior to making your decision. Read on to begin studying the bankruptcy course of action and how it will help or hurt your credit rating, personal debt and financial goals. There are also a variety of consumer bankruptcy alternatives in Somerset, Kentucky to consider, and these too will be covered.
Bankruptcy in Somerset, Kentucky: A Concise Description
Personal bankruptcy is a thing that's somewhat difficult to explain with a single word. Debt affects people and companies alike, so you'll find bankruptcy proceeding strategies for both. There is a number of varieties of bankruptcy that a person or company can file in those 2 classes. Chapters 7 and 13 are the most often used methods for people.
Consumer bankruptcy proceedings are mostly helpful for those people who've come to a level of financial debt that can't be practically resolved in a short time via other available options. A bankruptcy judge will supervise your predicament and speak to all of your debt collectors concerning your background of consumer debt. It is a lot to consider when contending with consumer bankruptcy, and you'll definitely want to find out the pros and cons of each option before taking the next step.
Consumer Bankruptcy Basics: Chapter 7
Many reference Chapter 7 as straight bankruptcy or liquidation. With this method, a consumer might end up losing lots of property, and so many people will try and avoid it at any expense.
The debt which might be forgiven with this process include the credit card debt, your health care bills, court judgments against you and any unsecured loan repayments. Debts associated with your home, car and various other assets will not be forgiven with this approach. For this reason, straight bankruptcy is likely to cost you a range of properties and assets which will be seized to pay off your debt.
The liquidation process is ended when all of the debts have either been satisfied through forfeiture or simply forgiven. Do not think that all troubles will be finished, though. While you turn to a better future, you're looking through the mist of bankruptcy that will surround you for many years.
Is it worthwhile to file for Chapter 7? Evaluate the Advantages and Disadvantages
Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy has a few key pros. Number one naturally is that liquidation consists of significantly lowering your personal debt, eliminating a lot of it. That is a very fundamental component of liquidation because unsecured debt forgiveness is the reason folks use consumer bankruptcy proceedings from the start. Forfeiting your assets will do away with secured financial obligations.
Needless to say, you are not going to like to let go of any of your property and assets, but will acknowledge the value in doing so. However, there are several properties and assets which might be more significant to your lifestyle than others. For these, you will frequently have an opportunity of claiming them as "property exemptions" in accordance with federal and state government laws. While Chapter 7 Somerset, Kentucky liquidation has a great many disadvantages, this process wasn't designed to turn people who are experiencing consumer debt into penniless desolate people who have no place to go and no method to get there. A few exemptions might include some of your residence, a single vehicle, your retirement money and some cash. Each state is unique concerning the exact exemptions acceptable.
If you're willing to assume responsibility for keeping current on the installment payments, you may also manage to "reaffirm" secured bills such as your home loan and car loan. This is actually the most effective way to hold onto a bit of your property.
Chapter 7 liquidation can be your way to a fresh financial start. This reconstruction process, though, will take many years and may entail tremendous compromise.
That's the best point to switch attention to the drawbacks of straight bankruptcy. You are likely to forfeit virtually everything to Chapter 7. Beyond your exemptions, you are going to surrender real estate property, belongings and savings resources.
You will find a number of expenses which make it through straight bankruptcy. Examples of things you'll still need to pay for include child support, spousal support, real estate property taxes and education loans. Worse yet, your straight bankruptcy filing will remain on the credit report for a whole 10 years. The credit impact will make it harder to get a good job, lease or buy a decent residence and obtain credit or financial loans.
Lastly, it's important to note that the two types of bankruptcy proceedings are things of open public data. Anyone can observe the details about your case which includes private info once you file. Potential credit, loan and job opportunities might be impacted by that.
What you must Learn about Chapter 13
One other common sort of bankruptcy is Chapter 13 that's viewed as milder than Chapter 7 liquidation and aptly called 'reorganization.' Having said that, Chapter 13 reorganization is not a laughing matter.
Whereas Chapter 7 provides forgiveness of unsecured debts, Chapter 13 requires another way. Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy is what permits a lot of people to pay off their debts off in time once they've been restructured within a much more feasible schedule.
That necessitates the administration of a bankruptcy proceeding judge as well as the permission of each creditor. A Somerset, Kentucky consumer bankruptcy case generally gains advantage from negotiations with collectors regarding the length of repayment , interest, principal amount and guaranteed on time payments. In the mean time, secured debts typically remain unchanged. The bankruptcy proceedings will require 3 to 5 years to carry out and is going to formally start at some time within 45 days of judge approval.
Fundamental Things to Think About
You don't need to worry about surrendering the majority of your possessions through Chapter 13 reorganization. Chapter 13 reorganization is frequently seen and displayed as a second chance at financial stability, while Chapter 7 is often regarded as quitting. Chapter 13 provides people a choice of paying back their debt at a more affordable cost instead of abandoning it entirely.
Even though the benefits are quite attractive, we have also got to think about the disadvantages before advancing. Bankruptcy, obviously, being general public data makes this approach just as harmful as liquidation in terms of credit and opportunity. A further negative aspect (although it stacks up well with straight bankruptcy) is the fact that Chapter 13 reorganization will remain on the credit profile for seven years, interfering with what you can do to obtain lending products and credit.
Is Home Re-financing a Good Answer?
If you want to consider refinancing your house, you'll want to look into the HARP refinance program (Home Affordable Refinance Program). This makes it possible for many folks to re-finance their house loans with lower monthly obligations and cheaper interest. This may liberate some money so you're able to more effectively pay your bills and prevent needing to think about bankruptcy proceedings after all.
Lots of people turn to consolidating debts using the equity from their properties, and even though it will be worth considering, there are a number of drawbacks with this strategy.
What About Debt Consolidation Loans?
When you are interested in debt consolidation as a consumer bankruptcy proceeding substitute, there are a few things you need to be aware of. The aim of choosing a debt consolidation loan is to pay back all of your personal debt at one time. In return, the consumer consents to make regular monthly installments to the debt consolidation lender.
This seems like a great option, however you've got to look before you leap. Missing a single payment might place your account in default . You should not fail to recognize the significance of going into default on a consolidation loan as this on it's own can wholly sabotage your objectives for the longer term.
Obviously, none of that is significant if you cannot get the loan due to bad credit. Debt consolidation loans are typically not going to be an option for anyone who does not have excellent credit scores. Basically, a score less than 640 is not very likely to be approved; and if, by chance, it was, you'd pay over the top interest rates.
PLUS Debt Negotiation Services are Yet Available for Many in Somerset, Kentucky
Happily, there's one more Somerset, Kentucky consumer bankruptcy alternative that doesn't come with a minimum credit rating requirement: debt negotiation services. Consumer debt negotiation services are never public data, so people who are hoping to evade consumer bankruptcy for this reason are going to be delighted to learn this. Even though it will for some time influence your credit rating just like consumer bankruptcy, the process will not be "accessible" to future employers, property owners or agencies performing background records searches.
Consumer debt negotiation services and Chapter 13 reorganization are very similar in that your overall account balances can be decreased.
It takes only 2 to 4 years to undergo the procedure and it's not going to be stuck to your credit for up to a decade, either. This will also take all of your balances down to just one straightforward monthly payment to one company.
One Telephone Call Can Assist You to Make the Right Choice
Have you been sinking in personal debt and eager for options? There's a very good chance that you could find more effective alternatives apart from consumer bankruptcy. Do not try to make an uneducated choice. Learn everything that you can regarding consumer debt negotiation services and all of the various other solutions so you're able to determine which one is perfect for you. To get guidance with this platform and with applying the best plan for your needs, fill out the free, absolutely no-obligations direct contact webform. Our own debt authorities will be ready for those who prefer to connect on a telephone. Simply call at: 888-339-3144!As a meditation teacher in San Diego, I have found that many beginning meditators become discouraged after their first few meditation experiences. They believe that they cannot meditate because they simply can't stop thinking. Many of us approach meditation with the same 'get it done' attitude that we do with other "must-do" parts of our lives, like going to the gym, cleaning the whole house or getting to work in rush hour traffic.
In a TED Talk titled 'A simple way to break a bad habit,' psychiatrist Judson Brewer explains positive and negative reinforcement. He shares how he learned not to "force" himself not to think during meditation using the reward based learning process and curiousity.
After listening to Brewer's talk, I invite you to try to meditate again, this time using curiousity instead of 'forcing' - let me know your experience in the comments below!
Kathleen Lisson is a certified Meditation Teacher and Labyrinth Facilitator and teaches Meditation and Mindfulness at IPSB college in San Diego. Sign up for a private meditation lesson or labyrinth walk in the comfort of your home here:In article <38C6FE5D.E8AEB04E at cosc.canterbury.ac.nz>, Greg Ewing <greg at cosc.canterbury.ac.nz> wrote: >Qu. Depends on the OS. Delivering another SIGCHLD if you return from the signal handler while there are still zombie children is, I have heard, the practice of some of the dark followers of the Svid. -- <kragen at pobox.com> Kragen Sitaker <> The Internet stock bubble didn't burst on 1999-11-08. Hurrah! <URL:> The power didn't go out on 2000-01-01 either. :)Welcome to all of you newbies and all of you that stop by frequently. I was thrilled to join the blog hop organized by Christine Meyer, showing off all of these talented designers
Top 10 Projects of 2013! You should have arrived here from the amazing Lisa Swift's blog.
Check out my Top 10 and at the end details on how to win my giveaway!
Then hop through the amazing list of designers and be inspired! Again, seriously thrilled to be among all of these incredible designers!
Created for Scraptown Lady with gorgeous Authentinque Papers!
Echo Park's Beautiful Life, love this line!
Another created for Scraptown Lady with Graphic 45!
Fun with Gelatos and Simple Stories, a challenge for Inspiration Elevator!
Love this card, created for a Love Notes theme and published in CARDS magazine!
Just a fun challenge from My Mind's Eye!
More My Mind's Eye, created for The Scrapbooking Studio!
Lots of fun with Pebbles Products with this sketch challenge from Liz Chidester for Practical Scrappers!
Love this one for Practical Scrappers, On Trend Nautical Theme!
And I think this one is my very favorite, created for
Practical Scrappers On Trend with Pie Charts. I just love the sweetness of the photo!
To win this collection pack of Fancy Pants Blissful Blizzard just become a follower here and leave a comment telling me which project of mine was your favorite. You have until December 31 at midnight to leave a comment! Good Luck!
Please hop through and enjoy all of their incredible work!
Your next stop is my friend, Marcia Dehn-Nix . Her work is amazing!
Malika Kelly
Your next stop is my friend, Marcia Dehn-Nix . Her work is amazing!
Malika KellyBill Donohue, his back all up in a grumpypants huff about something George Lopez said:
No institution, religious or secular, has less of a problem with the issue of sexual abuse today than the Catholic Church.
1. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha! LOL! *spits Diet Coke all over the computer screen laughing*
2. I cannot imagine any scenario under which something George Lopez said would compel me to write a press release.
How did he manage to get that full sentence out before reaching for the fire extinguisher? His pants must have gone five-alarm.
Well of course they don’t. That’s obvious by how aggressively they purused the issue whenever someone somewhere complained.
Hush it up, and move the offending priest/bishop/whomever somewhere else. See? no problem.Great service! Great drinks! Great food! Love this little place. Location is beautiful. Hog fish dinner cooked to perfection. Gig fish tacos excellent with plenty of grilled fish.
1 - 10 of 45 reviews
Great service! Great drinks! Great food! Love this little place. Location is beautiful. Hog fish dinner cooked to perfection. Gig fish tacos excellent with plenty of grilled fish.
we stayed in a RV onsite and enjoyed the view and friendliness of the people there. Great food at the restaurant and good value too
Typical fish camp restaurant but a little out of the way that locals like to go to. The fish specials that we had were fantastic as well as the sides. Great selection of beers and drinks.
We had this place recommended to us by a local, and it did not disappoint. The place sits on a little canal well off the main highway, and is open on all sides. Many of the diners were clearly locals. The ambience is exactly what...More
A locals place. Good fresh fish. Good service. Good food and a relaxed setting outside on the water. They have a barbeque every Sunday and the ribs and mahi rock!
We loved the FRESH food. Boys enjoyed their hamburgers. Grouper sandwich was very good!! Off the beaten path away from touristy spots.
There were 9 of us for dinner and there was no problem getting a large picnic table. The waitress was great, split the check on 4 separate cards. Food was excellent. Try the shrimp!!!
My favorite place close to Key West after so many years! I go paddle boarding there and then have lunch. The setting is paradise. The food is plentiful, beautiful and delicious. You want to try everything from the menu. Our waiter Darrel was super nice,...More
This is the best place for lunch, fresh fish, cold beer and excellent view of the water! Treat yourself, you'll be glad you did.
Four friends recently had lunch here. It was our second or third time here for lunch over the last few years. This time, we were very disappointed. Two of us had grouper sandwiches and were very disappointed. The fish was small and tasteless. We complained...MoreBlog post have been deprecated, please refer to the series of how switch from BIOS to UEFI found on the link below:
Convert from BIOS to UEFI during Windows 10 deployments with ConfigMgr Current Branch – Introduction
(7634)
Blog post have been deprecated, please refer to the series of how switch from BIOS to UEFI found on the link below:
Convert from BIOS to UEFI during Windows 10 deployments with ConfigMgr Current Branch – Introduction
(7634)
seb
not tested it yet but this is huge and I’ll definitively use it! thanks a lot!
Enable Hapi
looks great, any tips for clearing tpm ownership without PPI ? seems dell have not included this option in cctk which is killing our zero touch
Josh
Thanks!
But I am getting this error when trying the script:
Unable to import required PowerShell module: DellBIOSProvider
Pretty sure everything is setup correctly.
attached are some screenshots of my folder structure.
George
I got this same error. I had to extract the Dell Provider zip and then copy the contents of the x64 folder to the modules folder. I didn’t copy the x86 files over. Redistributed the package and the script then works. (only if the model is supported doh!)
Also make sure that the cctk commands to configure the UEFI settings are using “–” and not “-” like in the tables.
Now if I can only get forcepxe to work on the latitiude 3340. It tries to pxe boot but sits on the screen before timing out. If you shut it off and turn it back on then it pxe boots with no issues.
Good luck!
Nickolaj
I’ve updated the blog with a notice about the double dash issue, hopefully that’s clear enough. In addition I’ve made some clarifications to the part where you extract the Dell Command PowerShell Provider files.
I hope this helps!
Regards,
Nickolaj
Josh
Thanks! Got it working after correctly extracting the folder into the proper place.
Thanks!
Might be good to note to some older systems need to have the Bios upgraded to support Powershell provider.
Korbinian
the step “Force PXE Boot” ist not working. System reboots to currently installed OS. Any idea?
The 10th Doctor
Hi Nickolaj,
Great writeup – well done on figuring all this stuff out.
I’m having issues during the admin password detection phase of the task sequence. If I disable this part then it works fine. smsts.log gives me an error of “Unable to import required PowerShell module: DellBIOSProvider” so I assume it’s unable to load the powershell module.
I’ve followed your instructions to the T – folder structure looks the same. Using a 64-bit boot image and the 64-bit Dell Powershell addons retrieved from here () as it doesn’t seem like they provide it via model pages anymore.
Any suggestions?
Alby
Hi Doctor,
I have the same problem, with importing module. I’ve tried both arch. but with the same error.
I’ve tried run command line with powershell.exe -execut…..etc. but it types Failed tu run the action: Detect Admin Password Presence cmd. Incorrect function. (Error: 00000001; Source: Windows)
Any ideas, please?
Nickolaj
I’ve experiences issues when import the module on some models, but an update to the latest BIOS solved it. Have you tried that?
Regards,
Nickolaj
Alby
Hi NIckolaj,
I have the latest BIOS, but it not works 🙁 I tried almost everything including manual module importing. Again error 0000001 with incorrect function.
In fact PowerShell script running and staged properly, but import-module ends with exit code 1. Then it can’t be proceed with next step Read Admin Password property from DellSMBIOS provider.
Anyone with the same experince?
Thank you very much for any suggestion
Jerry
BIOS update worked for Optiplex 9020.
Thanks!
Mike
Awesome job Nickolaj. This has been a huge help. Is there any way we can get this to work completely zero-touch? We have thousands of Win 7 PCs with BIOS that need to be re-imaged to Win 10 with UEFI and obviously zero-touch would make this happen a lot quicker.
Thanks
Evyatar
Hi , This is a excellent guide 10x.
I have one question , I didn’t use all the steps but i succeed to configure all the bios setting i need but after the computer restart he wont continue the task sequences , what step am i missing?
Magnus
Great guide!
I have run into a problem during the Disable Legacy Rom TS part. Im gettting the error “The system tried to delete the JOIN of a drive that is not joined. (Error: 00000088). Any idea how to solve it?
Robert
Make sure that your syntax is correct. Remember to use double dashes. I had the same issue because I only had one dash in front of the command. Double check you are using this syntax:
cctk.cmd –uefinwstack=enable
After I put the second dash it worked for me. You probably have it fixed by now but I wanted to reply just in case someone else had the same issue and came to this thread. Cheers!
Jerry
Do you need to enable Windows Powershell (WinPE-Pwershell) in your boot image to get this to work?
My task sequence fails at “Detect Admin Password Presence” and “Prompt Administrator (Boot Media only)” with file not found errors. If I disable both these steps, the task sequence will complete without errors.
Nickolaj
Hi Jerry,
Yes, that’d be required for running the PowerShell scripts. You could also omit those steps, and simply just put a Continue on error for the Set Admin Password step if you wish not to use the PowerShell scripts. However, if you require to clear the last PXE advertisement, you’ll need PowerShell support, unless you want to write your own VB script.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Jerry
Thanks Nikolaj, I will give that a go.
Cheers,
Jerry
Jerry
All worked perfectly, once I added the WinPE Powershell component into my boot image.
Thanks Nikolaj!
AMK
Hi Nikolaj,
Great write up, I am trying to achieve the same (switch from Bios to UEFI) While deploying windows 10 on existing windows 7 workstations. Unfortunately, I have more complex setup, my deployment method is SCCM Client advertisement and Hardware is Lenovo M93 and M92’s. My major concerns are, can I use your solution for CCM Client deployment method and secondly, if you have any idea how it works for Lenovo. I cannot find any tool like Dell Command.
Thanks in advance
AMK
seb
Hi, any reason you use cctk.cmd instead of cctk.exe?
and in 1610 apparently there is new steps for bios to uefi conversion that can be useful
great blog, thanks!
Nickolaj
Hi Seb,
That simple “batch” script takes care of launching the proper architecture of CCTK (x86 or x64), it seems a bit easier to let the script handle that.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Pollewops
I tried converting Windows 7 (LEGACY) to Windows 10 (UEFI) using SCCM 1610 and using the TSUEFIDrive parameter, but it failed 🙁 It seems that during the Restart step the script can’t find a partition to stage the WinPE image.
Any help ?
seb
had the same problem, I had to disable the uefi network stack,reboot, reload dell hapi drivers, re enable uefi network stack
Nickolaj
Hi all,
I’m currently in the process re-writing this process into one that leverages the now native functionality that came with ConfigMgr 1610. For Dell and HP I’ve created and verified task sequence templates that I will post as soon as I get word (OK) from Microsoft on a thing that I want to add in the blog post.
Stay tuned!
Regards,
Nickolaj
seb seb
And do you know a way that the BIOS password you specficy in the command line won’t appear in the smsts.log files? thanks
Nickolaj
To my knowledge there’s no way that you can get around that, unfortunately.
Regards,
Nickolaj
Nickolaj
Actually, you could probably create a Package with a set of Programs, that way the password will not be shown.
seb
In the end I’m clearing the current password using a batch so it won’t show, and specifying it again later in the TS (in full OS) from the .exe created with the dell command configure (so it won’t show also)
do you know if you can check the value (and not just the presence) of the current bios password the dell powershell provider? (to only run something if it’s the “old” bios password for example?
Harmen
Hi Nicolai.
Great post but still I got this problem after all settings are done the computer boots up thru LAN and not from disk, the step Partition Disk UEFI wont start.
Harmen
Nicholas
Thank you Nicolai for the post.
My TS runs fine until the Restart Computer at the end of the UEFI Configuration.
It tries to PXE boot again, which fails, and then errors with No bootable devices found2015 was a crazily busy and exciting year for Granite City roller Girls. We took part in British Championships for the first time, gained an accredited NSO, some of our members left to pursue new adventures, we expanded our league and at the end of 2015, we changed our name.
Our Northern Fights took part in British Championships which was so exciting for the entire league! We were placed in Tier 3, Regional North; along with our good pals Dundee Roller Girls as well as Sheffield Steel Rollergirls, Furness Firecrackers, Liverpool Roller Birds and Halifax Bruising Banditas.
Our first game in February saw us playing against Dundee Roller Girls. A fierce first game of the season and Champs! Dundee took the win with 366 to 58.
There wasn’t long to wait until our next game in March where we were paired up against Sheffield Steel Rollergirls. The game was close and moments were tense, too tense. My poor wee heart! Final scores were GCRG 144 and SSRG 186.
In June it was our turn to play Liverpool Roller Birds who scored 284 to our 111 with our next game just around the corner.
July saw GCRG take on Furness Firecrackers who won our game with 325 to 112.
Photo credit: the lovely Ian McCreadie
In August the Northern Fights played their last game of 2015 British Championships against Halifax Bruising Banditas. We won our final game of the year with a score of 226 to 72.
I spoke to Berocca Bama, the Northern Fights co-captain for 2015, about taking part in British Championships.
“The Northern Fights had the privilege of taking part in the 2015 British Championships. It was an exciting year and although we started off with many skaters who were new to the team, every single one stepped up to the challenge and we went from strength to strength, surprising ourselves and others along the way. The dedication and drive of each sportswoman on the team makes me very proud to have played alongside them this season and fills me with excited anticipation for all that 2016 holds. Go Fights! “
This year we had a record breaking, based on no fact at all other than it seemed a huge amount, number of skaters coming up from fresh meat together. One intake generated 12 new league skaters. 12! That’s almost an entire team. This increase in mins passed skaters is a combination of all of the hardwork put in by our fresh meat training squad (namely Shan, Krusty, Berocca Bama and Nikki) and the hardwork and determination that our ‘noobs’ bring with them to training each and every week. As a mentor I get to witness this first hand…and yes…I have cried many a proud tear.
Photo above: 11 of our 12 strong mins passed skaters from the start of the year, followed by 6 more later in the year
This increase in mins passed skaters necessitated the need to introduce a second team. So, in 2015, Granite City Roller Girls welcomed their B Team. The Fight Hawks. Kakaw!!
The Hawks played their first game in September against Lothian Derby Dolls. It was a tense game and I think we all learned never to start celebrating a win until the score says ‘Official’. A win was taken and fun was had all round.
In October the Hawks played Mean City. A loss was taken this time around but so much was learned and again, great times were had.
I spoke to Fight Hawks’ co-captain Whips ‘n’ Lashes about our newest team.
“2015 was an exciting year for GCRD with the creation of our B team – The Fight Hawks. Fierce and determined we rose to the challenge, with our first game together being a nail biting win. For a lot of our ladies this was their first ever public outing and the professionalism, attitude and energy they showed made our league and support very proud! 2016 is already looking like a good year and we hope to continue our development not only as a team but as a league and we are looking forward to the next lot of skaters coming up. Kakaw!”
Photo credit: the glorious Dave McAleavy
Some say ‘you learn more in defeat that victory’, I can’t speak for everyone but I feel this is true. We may not have had an amazing win streak this year but after every game we have learned about ourselves and our team.
December will see the annual GCRG Christmas ceildhi where we will celebrate our achievements of the year. Through the medium of dance and good times.
The decision was made this year to rebrand. I, for one, am ridiculously excited about our new colour scheme. As a league and as skaters we are growing and we voted to change our name from Granite City Roller Girls to Granite City Roller Derby.
Picture above: our super amazingly fantastic new logos
A huge thank you goes out to everyone who has helped us to have an amazing 2015; referees and NSOs, we couldn’t do any of this without you, announcers and photographers, our wonderful training team, everyone who has helped make bout days happen, our fans for never failing to keep our spirits high.
So here’s to 2016 and GRANITE CITY ROLLER DERBY!!!Jessica Stapp, an employee in our Mass Torts Section, says she knows she can do all things through Jesus Christ. Jessica reminds us that God has blessed each of us in so many ways – and that we should strive to use that knowledge for empowerment to do things that without Jesus we would never be able to
Gil Melendez, who is the Executive Director of the House of Prayer, located in Montgomery, sent in two of his favorite scriptures this month. Gil says that as we live a life of praise, gratitude, and thankfulness it affects others in a positive manner.
“One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after: that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in His temple.” Psalm 27:4
“And he hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God: many shall see it, and fear, and shall trust in the Lord.” Psalm 40:3
Jenna Day, a lawyer with our firm’s Toxic Torts Section, also furnished a message from the Book of Psalms for this issue. Jenna says she loves the encouraging truth from this message:
“Preserve me, O God, for in you I take refuge.
“I say to the Lord, ‘You are my Lord;
I have no good apart from you.’
As for the saints in the land, they are the excellent ones,
in whom is all my delight.
: 1-3, 5-9 & 11
Navan Ward, a lawyer in our firm’s Mass Torts Section, sent in his two favorite scriptures for this issue. He says that the verse in Romans reminds him that no matter what obstacles, issues, or burdens that the devil throws our way, we have the comfort that when we allow God to be with us, the devil stands no chance of defeating us.
“What then shall we say to [all] this? If God is for us, who [can be] against us? [who can be our foe, if God is on our side?]” Romans 8:31
Navan says that a verse in Hebrews reminds him that we must always be a walking billboard and representative of Jesus Christ. He says we must be this way because God needs us to be an example to others. Navan reminds us that God is always in our presence. Therefore, we should treat everyone with the utmost respect and honor, no matter how they may appear on the outside.
“Do not forget or neglect or refuse to extend hospitality to strangers [in the brotherhood-being friendly, cordial, and gracious, sharing the comforts of your home and doing you part generously], for through it some have entertained angels without knowing it.” Hebrews 13:2
Mac Moorer, a Barbour County native, now lives in Jefferson County. He is a member of the Lightfood, Franklin & White law firm. Mac sent in a scripture for this issue. He says the verses in Proverbs are his Mother’s favorite
“Trust in the LORD with all your heart, And lean not on your own understanding; In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He shall direct your paths” Proverbs 3.We visited the Trift Glacier on a sunny Sunday in August. It was definitely crowded for swiss... read more
We visited the Trift Glacier on a sunny Sunday in August. It was definitely crowded for swiss... read more
To get to the bridge you first have to take a little red aerial cable car. The ride itself is... read more
1 - 10 of 10 reviews
We visited the Trift Glacier on a sunny Sunday in August. It was definitely crowded for swiss standards (you normally don't find that many people when going hiking in Switzerland) but it was definitely worth it. You can either hike up all the way to...More
To get to the bridge you first have to take a little red aerial cable car. The ride itself is spectacular because it goes very high in the mountains and gives you the feeling of flying. Space is narrow and fit for only 4-6 people...More
After a 2,5 hours walk, you get to the bridge that crosses a gorge. It's 124m long and in an altitude of 80m. Deep below you a torrential stream, having its source at the Aletsch glacier. Pure adrenaline.
We arrived around 10am on a rainy Tuesday in June 2015. The parking lot across from the Triftbahn was empty. I thought the attraction was closed. I went into the office and a very friendly lady told me that it was, in fact, open. She...More
If you like nature, its a good place to visit. Very nice walking between high mountains, next to de river, animals... lovely!!! Only must remember that you are going to a mountain and the weather changes quickly, although visiting on summer, need a raincoat into...More
It is better to visit this place if you have your own car or transport as getting to Gadmen Trift Bahn is time consuming by Public transport if you are based in Interlaken. The Cable car ride is fantastic and the walk is superb and...More
Come early to get cable car tickets otherwise you will have to walk down from the top cable car stop. The short hike from the top cable car stop is very picturesque with the gorge on one side and the immense mountains on the other...More
It is not a very difficult walk from the cable station to the bridge. It takes between 60 - 90 minutes. If you are really energetic you can walk all the way from the bottom instead of catching a ride on the cable car. When...More
On top of what has already been sain in the previous review, please bear in mind that if going later, the tickets for the return cable car might be sold out and you'll have to hike back all the way from the brige yourself. This...More
An absolutely wonderful experience. We took the Post auto bus until Nessental Triftbahn. From here one can get the Triftbahn (cable car) until the mountain station and then walk until the Trift hanging bridge (this takes 1 hour 30 minutes). Or else, one can walk...MoreI've been using lightroom since it first came out and published several books with the book module. Today I have come upon a new problem.
I cannot get rid of a 4 photos per page layout. I have changed the setting on the right to single page after clearing the layout but no matter which collection ( old or new) I use I can only see
the same old 4 photo per page layout after hitting autofill. Help!!
Retrieving data ...The home crowd at the Civic Center was of a good size, if not well-behaved. The home team was pretty good, save for a monumental third-period breakdown.
But the Vancouver Canucks were dominant. They beat the Whalers 6-2 Wednesday night and made the big crowd mutter. A few miscreants were throwing debris at the end. Somebody hit referee Terry Gregson with a cup as Gregson walked off the ice. The 14,289 were quite happy for quite a while, but like their favorite team, they went down in an ugly heap.The Coleman Archive Volume 1: The Living Tradition
Coleman Heritage Centre CC5; 71 minutes; 2000
Situated in Gurteen, Co. Sligo, the Coleman Heritage Centre has issued a
number of compilation recordings synthesizing the essence of the county’s musical
traditions (shared with neighbouring Leitrim and Roscommon). Prior releases
have consisted of new recordings, such as 1999's estimable The Mountain Road,
which featured a large number of contemporary musicians, including the
Connemara-born accordionist, P.J. Hernon, who has long been based in Sligo, and
the flute-player, Gregory Daly, who lives in the county’s South. Now Hernon and
Daly have combined to produce this unequivocally seminal CD which draws
together a cross-section of recordings held by the Centre’s music archive in
Mount Irwin, spanning the period from the 1940s to the late 1990s.<![if !vml]>
<![endif]>
Since the majority of the thirty-four tracks here were originally recorded privately, understandably there is considerable variation in sound quality, most notably on the opening track by the fiddler Tommy “Clogs” Gallagher (“Clogs” was apparently a nickname he acquired thanks to a tap dance routine which he used to perform on Manhattan cablelink TV). However, as Daly and Hernon note, since most of the musicians were recorded in their own homes, this enhances their music’s sense of relaxation. Additionally, the tracks are not presented in chronological order of recording. So, for instance, “Clogs”, recorded in 1978, is followed by the whistler, Pake Dwyer (1995), and then by Michael Gorman’s nephew, the flute-player, Mike, who was taped in 1959. Rather, the compilers have chosen to offer as much instrumental variety as possible, but remarking reasonably that the fiddle was the key instrument of choice in the area, though being replaced latterly by the flute. Hence, as one would expect, there are few samples of any other instruments - four whistlers, one accordionist, one banjo player and one mouth organist. Intriguingly, the accordionist (Elizabeth Bolger) is one of only two women featured - the compilers recognize the paucity of recordings of women musicians held by the archive - while the banjo player happens to be Larry Redigan, much better known for his fiddling.
Equally, there are few songs - just John Hannon’s My Native Town of Boyle, Jim Murray’s Maid of Sweet Gurteen and Fintan McDonagh’s Collooney Town - while there is also little musical variation. Reels predominate, naturally followed by jigs, with just one slip jig and only one air (and, unusually, the latter played expressively on the mouth organ by Gerry Donagher), while there is not a single hornpipe. However, as Daly and Hernon argue, this should be taken as “a true reflection of what existed in musical terms in the area, and any attempt to balance the material would be to interfere with this reality.” A glance at recordings by older musicians from the Sligo/Roscommon/Leitrim axis does seem to verify this point. The McDonaghs of Ballinafad, for instance, includes just one polka and a single slip jig among a welter of jigs and reels. Fred Finn and Peter Horan’s Music of Sligo features just one hornpipe. Leader’s 1971 LP The Coleman Country Traditional Society is all jigs and reels, barring one slow air. The recordings of Michael Coleman and James Morrison offered far more variety, indeed Harry Bradshaw’s compilation of the latter, The Professor, reveals a fiddler of remarkable versatility. However, both Coleman and Morrison were responding to the needs of both record labels and dance halls. One notable exception, as one would expect, is Josie McDermott, whose repertoire was extremely comprehensive, but then this reflected his extremely broad interest in music of many types.
Neither Coleman nor Morrison is present on The Living Tradition, but the third member of that triumvirate, Paddy Killoran, does appear and is one of its many hidden gems, thanks in part to Kevin Henry. Originally from Doocastle, Henry has been based in the USA since the mid-1950s and recorded Killoran later that decade, playing the reel Kitty Down the Lane, accompanied by the pianist Eleanor Neary. Other notable jewels include: the flute-player, Packie Duignan, recorded in 1978; a wonderful tale about Michael Coleman and his brother Jim, recounted by Jim Donoghue who played as a flute duet with Jim Coleman for some years; an undated recording of Josie McDermott playing The Fermoy Lasses/Cup of Tea with announcement to boot; a 1986 recording of the influential, but rarely recorded fiddler, Martin Wynne; and one from 1959 of the fiddler, Mary Ellen Giblin, a priceless example of the formerly strong tradition of female exponents of the instrument in the region.
Each musician receives a brief biography, some illustrated by archive photographs, and these simply enhance the joy of this recording. For instance, of John Hannon, the compilers note that, “It is a curious fact that in attempting to locate material for an archive collection, often the people who performed most are the hardest to find recorded.” Christy Hannon’s flute was “made from a cartwheel spoke by Michael Connolly, Kilasser, Co. Mayo and donated by him to the Coleman Heritage Centre”. Tommy Cawley “ was for some time in partnership with Michael Coleman in a music teaching business. He made no commercial recordings.” Of Johnny Giblin - “Johnny himself played the whistle, but would always prefer to listen, provided, of course, that the music was of a certain standard!”
Well, this reviewer is absolutely convinced that Johnny’s toes would be a-tapping to this wonderful collection.
This review by Geoff Wallis was originally written for Musical Traditions –.
This CD can be purchased directly from The Coleman Heritage Centre, Gurteen, Co. Sligo –.Blue Oyster Cult’s Eric Bloom has 73 candles on his birthday cake today. While w…
Written by megarock on December 2, 2017
Blue Oyster Cult’s Eric Bloom has 73 candles on his birthday cake today. While working at a Sam Ash Music store in 1968, a local band that had a pretty good following came into the store and Eric struck up a conversation with them. The band was called Soft White Underbelly. They liked him enough to offer Eric a job as their tour manager. In 1969 the lead singer left the band and they asked Eric to become the singer. By 1971, the band changed their name to Blue Oyster Cult.
Eric has been with the band ever since.
Ever hear anyone sing “Don’t fear the reefer??” We have.
Happy Birthday Eric!!!
Facebook CommentsYou are here
Randy Whalen, Freelance Reporter
3:50 pm CDT May 18, 2017
Karli Boyd will “do whatever [she] can” to help her soccer team win.
The junior forward did a lot in Providence’s opening playoff game last week. How much? She just scored five goals.
Those goals – coupled with two from freshman midfielder Cam Korhorn – propelled Providence to a 7-0 shutout of Peoria Richwoods on May 16 in the second semifinal of the Class 2A Ottawa Township RegionalECR MINERALS plc
(“ECR Minerals”, “ECR” or the “Company”)
AIM: ECR
US OTC: MTGDY
LONDON: 1 SEPTEMBER 2014 - ECR Minerals plc is pleased to announce further positive assay results from surface and underground channel sampling at the Itogon epithermal gold project in the Philippines.
HIGHLIGHTS
* Assay results from third phase of channel sampling by ECR at Itogon project include, at surface, 18m averaging 2.78g/t gold and 34m averaging 0.71g/t gold
* Results continue to demonstrate gold mineralisation at surface outside the zones tested by previous drilling; please see accompanying maps
* Promising results from channel sampling in underground workings; 44m averaging 0.30g/t gold in one adit and grades of up to 7.38g/t over 1m in another
* Drilling expected to recommence at Itogon project during Q4 2014
Stephen Clayson, Chief Executive Officer of ECR, commented:
“We are pleased to be reporting another round of positive channel sampling results from Itogon. Channel sampling continues at the project, and is focused on obtaining further information as to the extension of mineralisation at surface to the south, south-east, south-west and east in the central to southern sections of the main prospect area, outside the extent of previous drilling by ECR and historical drilling, and on helping to refine ECR’s overall geological interpretation of the main prospect area.
The data being generated by the current work is very valuable and is being used to inform detailed planning of the next phase of drilling. We anticipate that drilling will recommence at Itogon during Q4 2014, once a suitable drill rig becomes available from our contractors.”
A set of maps relating to the sampling results disclosed in this news release may be viewed at:
The maps are for illustration only and should not be relied upon for technical purposes.
Geological mapping highlighted altered, mineralised and/or intensely oxidised occurrences for channel sampling, in some cases following trenching.
Where channels comprised multiple samples, Table 1 discloses the weighted average gold grade for the length of each channel and the grades of any individual samples which exceeded 1 g/t gold. No top or lower cut-off has been applied in calculating weighted averages.
A total of 97 samples were assayed (excluding QA/QC samples), each representing a channel length of between 0.5m and 2m, and representing an aggregate surface channel length of 108m and an aggregate underground channel length of 68m. Channel lengths given in this news release do not necessarily equate to true widths of mineralisation.
Assay values have been expressed in this news release as g/t (grams per tonne) gold but are received from the laboratory expressed as ppm (parts per million) gold. For the purposes hereof ppm gold and g/t can be considered equivalent.
QA/QC
Sampling was carried out under geological supervision. A secure chain of custody was maintained in the transport and storage of all samples, which were shipped to and analysed by Intertek Testing Services Philippines, Inc. (“Intertek”), an internationally accredited independent analytical laboratory in Metro Manila. Upon arrival at Intertek samples were sorted, dried, crushed, split, and a fraction was pulverised. The method of analysis for gold was fire assay (50g charge) with AAS finish.
QA/QC measures including the use of blanks and standards were implemented by ECR and separately by Intertek in relation to the analysis of the samples. The assay data reported is considered acceptable in the context of these measures.
Review by Competent Person
The contents of this announcement have been reviewed by Andrew Tunningley MAusIMM (CP), a geologist with the consultancy Exploration Alliance, which has been engaged by ECR in connection with the Itogon project.
About the Itogon Project
Exploration by ECR to date, including reverse circulation (RC) drilling completed in April 2014, indicates that gold mineralisation in the main prospect area at the Itogon project is hosted by north-north-west trending, south-west dipping to subvertical epithermal veins, with a subordinate set of generally north-east trending veins.
Channel sampling and drilling has confirmed mineralisation over a vertical extent of 250m, open along strike and down dip. ECR’s April 2014 drilling tested a strike length of 400m, and continuation of the strike approximately 200m SE is indicated by exposures observed along creeks and gullies. These exposures are the subject of geological mapping and channel sampling with the objective of confirming this continuation.
The epithermal veins are composed of grey and white, saccharoidal and vuggy quartz with associated clay, calcite, pyrite, galena, sphalerite, chalcopyrite, and vein breccia, hosted by moderately to strongly oxidised and argillised medium grained diorite. Individual veins rarely exceed 1m wide and tend to occur as approximately 0.2m wide, closely spaced, sheeted veins within the altered zones. Establishing the continuity of the vein zones between intercepts at surface, in underground workings and by drilling is an important objective of further exploration.
The highest gold grades are typically associated with multiple narrow, 1-2m wide occurrences of sheeted quartz veins and quartz vein breccia, with a mineralised selvedge grading approximately 0.30 g/t gold or higher associated with these structures.
adit:
an opening driven horizontally into the side of a mountain or hill for providing access to a mineral
deposit
alteration:
the chemical response of rocks to hydrothermal solutions causing mineralogical change
argillic alteration:
clay rich assemblages dominated by low temperature clays such as kaolinite, smectite, and
interlayered illite-smectite; these are formed by low temperature (<230°C), acid to neutral, low
salinity hydrothermal fluids
assay:
a test performed on a sample of ores or minerals to determine the amount of valuable metals
contained
Au:
gold
breccia:
coarse (usually >2 mm) fragmental rock, consisting of generally angular clasts of one or more
lithologies; a complexly veined rock can have a brecciated appearance (if veins are multi-
generational and/or branching), but it is important to differentiate between the two; veins are
generally linear or sinuous, whereas a breccia matrix is highly irregular
channel sampling:
a sample composed of pieces of rock that have been cut out of a small trench or channel
chlorite:
a group of platy, monoclinic, usually greenish minerals; associated with and resembling the micas;
widely distributed as alteration products of ferromagnesian minerals
epidote:
a green monoclinic mineral
drussy:
pertaining to an insoluble residue or encrustation of quartz crystal
epithermal:
mineralisation produced by near surface hydrothermal fluids related to igneous activity; originally
defined as having formed in the range 50-300°C
fault:
a break in the Earth’s crust caused by tectonic forces which have moved the rock on one side with
respect to the other
footwall:
the rock on the underside of a vein or ore structure
g:
grams
galena:
a grey metallic mineral; has a perfect cubic cleavage; soft and very heavy; principal ore of lead
g/t:
grams per tonne
hanging wall:
the rock on the upper side of a vein or ore deposit
hematite:
a common iron mineral; occurs in rhombohedral crystals, in reniform masses or fibrous aggregate;
deep red earthy forms; an alteration product in hydrothermal systems
illite:
a general name for a group of mica like clay minerals that are widely distributed in argillic altered
rocks
kg:
kilogram
km:
kilometre
m:
metre
massive:
said of rocks of any origin that are more or less homogenous in texture or fabric; also said of a
mineral deposit especially of sulphides, characterized by great concentration of ore in one place as
opposed to a disseminated or vein type deposit
MDL:
method detection limit
outcrop:
an exposure of rock or mineral deposit that can be seen on surface, that is, not covered by soil or
water
oxidation:
a chemical reaction caused by exposure to oxygen which results in a change in the chemical
composition of a mineral
portal:
the entry to an underground or sub surface access such as an adit, decline or tunnel
ppm:
parts per million
propylitic alteration:
chlorite-epidote-calcite alteration assemblage
RL:
reduced level; calculated elevation in relation to a particular datum
saccharoidal:
granular aggregates of equant crystals having the appearance of sugar in hand specimen
selvedge:
the area of the point of contact between a vein and the surrounding rock
silicification:
a hydrothermal alteration assemblage dominated by silica
smectite:
mineral commonly found in argillic altered rocks
sphalerite:
a yellow, brown, or black, isometric mineral with a perfect dodecahedral cleavage and a resinous
to adamantine lustre; widely distributed ore of zinc; commonly associated with galena in
epithermal veins
stringer:
a narrow vein or irregular filament of a mineral or minerals traversing a rock mass usually of
limited strike and dip compared to a vein
trenching:
utting of a narrow, shallow ditch across a mineral showing or deposit to obtain channel or other
samples or to observe geology
t:
tonne
vein breccia:
rock consisting predominantly of vein fragments (<10% host rock clasts) in a chemically
deposited matrix; clasts are generally sub angular, and supported in a matrix of generally similar
vein minerals (such as quartz, chalcedony), which may be banded and enclose open cavities
vug:
open cavity within a rock, usually in a vein or breccia cement, which is lined by euhedral
prismatic crystals that project into the cavity sort of got into a junior network support role which is great but i'm lacking on server experience (zilch) - before that i was doing sort of helpdesk stuff but wuite in depth looking at any issue and we had to fix it - has anyone got advice on getting into server type jobs, i appreicate this might look like a step back to some but its somthing i'd like to address - or do people think i should carry on with network support?In addition to the places mentioned here, the restaurant at The Inn at Robert's Grove is consistently top notch. On the other end of the spectrum, Wendy's (tel. 523-3335) is a popular, low-key spot serving excellent Belizean, Mexican, and international fare, located on the main road, at the southern end of town, almost by the pier.
Finally, as you wander around town in the heat of the day, be sure to stop in at Tutti Frutti Ice Cream Shop for some fresh, homemade ice cream or gelato. Tutti Frutti is in the on the main road in the Placencia Village Square shopping center, across from the soccer field. Daisy's, located on the main road near the center of town, also serves up fresh, homemade ice cream, as well as breakfasts, lunches, and dinners.
There are also several grocery stores in the village, in case you want to put together a picnic lunch.
Special Moment: Get Your Bib Out
Lobster season opens each year on June 15, and Placencia pulls out all the stops to celebrate the culinary possibilities of this underwater arthropod. In addition to concerts, games, and sidewalk booths hawking all sorts of goods and treats, you'll be able to sample everything from lobster fritters to lobster quiche to lobster bisque and beyond. If it can be made with lobster, you'll probably find it here. The Placencia Lobster Festival is held in late June each year; for more information and exact dates, contact the Placencia Information Center (tel. 523-4045;).
Note: This information was accurate when it was published, but can change without notice. Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip.- 69 years old
- Date of birth: Feb 18, 1943
- Date of passing: Nov 2, 2012
Carter, Mr. Joe C. Jr., a resident of Lanett, AL, died Friday, November 2, 2012 at his residence.
Public viewing is Monday November 5th beginning at 1:00 pm and culminating with family hour from 6:00 until 7:00 pm EST at Davis Memorial Mortuary Chapel
Funeral service is scheduled for Tuesday, November 6, 2012 at 12:00 p.m. EST from Rehoboth Baptist Church, Valley, AL.
Professional services provided by Davis Memorial Mortuary Inc. in Valley Alabama.
"Rest in peace. Thanks for showing me love and kindness when I was in your home taken care of Mrs. Sherman."
"Love you forever Uncle Joe. You were such an awesome uncle, thanks for making me feel special. Gone, but never forgotten."
to visit this memorial:
Subscribe to receive e-mail notifications when others contribute to this memorial.
Have a suggestion for us?
We are waiting for your feedback!Customized School Field Trips
With Scholastica, your itinerary is customized to align with the educational focus of your group, your time schedule, your interests, and your budget.
Washington D.C.
New York City
Gettysburg
Delaware Seashore State Park
Customize your Delaware Seashore State Park school field trip by choosing from this sample list of attractions:
- Seining the Bay
- Marsh Walk
- Estuarine Ecology Boat Tour
- Beach combing
- Birding Bingo
- Life of a Surfman Program
- Squid Dissection
- Stargazing
- Lantern Tour of the Museum
Download a Sample Washington D.C. and Delaware Seashore State Park ItineraryVinca See What Icy Hoop Earrings By Vinca
Details
Promotions
Additional Information
- Description
- Details
- Size Chart
We were quite delighted to spy these hoop earrings from Vinca, and we know you'll be thrilled to discover 'em too! Proudly made in the USA - Austin, TX to be exact - this pair features jagged, translucent acrylic accents fashioned to resemble crisp icicles. An accessory so unexpected, you may just lose your chill!
- Metal and acrylic.
- Earrings measure 3.Hi there
had a chance and some
FUN
to hop-a-long
over at
Here are some close-ups:
Silhouette cut file tag title and sticker
Texture paste with layered stickers and washi tape
(she whispers "it matches my pail!)
more texture paste and sticker tag
Here is the sketch:
I flipped it to accommodate my photos.
I also whipped up this card
for niece
using this sketch:
so much fun
and inspiration
Thank you stopping by
~ Danie ~
xo
Wonderful work Danie! Thanks for playing at SID.
Love how you used the sketches! :) Thanks for joining us :)
Fabulous page...what a great use of the sketch...love the neutral colour theme... Thanks for playing along with us at Stick It Down!
Awesome! Great how you flipped the sketch so that it worked for your pictures. The flip shows off the progression of the castle building. Love the strip on the page that looks like the surface of the beach and your extra textures. Nice stuff Danie. Thanks so much for joining us at Stick It Down.
Love how you used the sketch. Very fun LO. Thanks for joining us at Stick it Down.
Fabulous layout, I love it, thanks for playing along with us at Stick it Down
Thanks for joining our blog hop! I absolutely love that you flipped the sketch, it turned out amazing!
This is an awesome layout! Thank you so much for joining us at Stick It Down! :)AUG Perth Welcomes All International Students!
To help you get started on this exciting journey, we have planned a day of fun to help you make new friends and see some of the attractions of your new home.
Date: 29th July 2017, Saturday
Time: 12pm
Address: 16/375 William Street, Northbridge, 6003 WA, Australia
Phone: 08 6162 6623
Activity: Brunch & Tour
Simply complete this form and show up during the event. We promise food, fun, and good times.February 2nd, Thursday
Plenary Session: Russia 2018
16 Photos
Coffee Break
11 Photos
The Present and Future of Russian Oil
22 Photos
Global Economic Ills and their Impact
30 Photos
Agriculture & Food: what future brings?
14 Photos
Privatization: interim results
31 Photos
Russia's Economic Policy
22 Photos
Press Briefing
25 Photos
Metals and Mining in the CIS
25 Photos
Russia in Transition
22 Photos
What's Moving the Real Estate Market?
21 Photos
New Industrialization in Russia
28 Photos
Closing Speech: Gordon Brown
8 Photos
Round table
15 Photos
February 3rd, Friday
Opening speech: Sergey Sobyanin
10 Photos
Coffee Break
5 Photos
Press Briefing
14 Photos
Risk management: myth or reality?
17 Photos
A new era in mobile
25 Photos
Developed and Emerging Banks
22 Photos
Creating a Domestic Capital Base
16 Photos
Retail: Stabilization Period
32 Photos
Russia's Gas Exports to Europe
22 Photos
Transport and Infrastructure
16 Photos
Troika Dialog: Investments in Art
18 Photos.
TeamLease recruiting Marketing Executive fresher’s in Delhi, Faridabad, Gurgaon, Ghaziabad, Noida. The TeamLease vacancies for Marketing Executive is filled through Written-test, Face to Face Interview, Telephonic Interview etc. TeamLease jobs for fresher’s are very common in nature as the company recruits a lot of fresher’s every year based on the skills . The candidates with BA, BCA, TeamLease recruitment, fresher’s are mostly chosen for the department Sales / Marketing Executive..>>.
Olmsted Scholar Events in Los Angeles
To recognize and build community among our 2017 Olmsted Scholars, LAF held a series of events in Los Angeles on October 19-20. Of this year’s 81 Olmsted Scholars, 38 traveled from across the U.S. and Canada (and from as far away as Hong Kong!) to participate. The Olmsted Scholars Program honors students who are nominated by their faculty for demonstrating exceptional leadership potential and using their ideas, influence, communication, and service to advance sustainable design and foster human and societal benefits.
The events kicked off with the Olmsted Scholars Luncheon where the scholars had the opportunity to meet each other, the LAF Board of Directors, Board Emeriti, staff, and program sponsors. The luncheon included the award certificate ceremony and short presentations from 2017 National Olmsted Scholars David de la Cruz (MLA, University of Washington) and Lauren Delbridge (MLA, Virginia Tech).
David, winner of the $25,000 graduate prize, discussed his interest and work on environmental justice issues in his home community in South Central Los Angeles. David will work collaboratively with educators, school administrators, and students at under-resourced high schools to “build youth leadership around urban environmental issues in working-class communities and communities of color.” Lauren, winner of the $15,000 undergraduate prize, shared her thesis project and investigations into the complex nature of coal ash ponds where she is utilizing landscape architecture to develop remediation strategies that have the potential to transform these contaminated sites into multi-functioning places for human interaction, education, and experience.
Following the luncheon, the Olmsted Scholars participated in small group discussions facilitated by LAF Board Emeritus members and special guest 2011 Olmsted Scholar Billy Fleming, Research Coordinator at PennDesign’s The McHarg Center. Each shared their path, aspirations for the profession, and their own personal and professional development goals as they transition from school to professional lives and communities.
The day concluded with a visit to Studio-MLA’s new office space on an industrial site overlooking the Los Angeles River. Thank you to LAF Board member Mia Lehrer and to Studio-MLA Senior Associates Claire Latane and Kush Parekh for hosting and sharing your inspirational and impactful work in Los Angeles.
The activities culminated the following evening with LAF’s 32nd Annual Benefit in the historic ticket concourse of Los Angeles’ Union Station. The Olmsted Scholars were among the over 600 attendees who gathered to catch up with friends and colleagues and support LAF. The scholars were recognized as part of the program, which featured the launch of LAF’s The New Landscape Declaration book and recognition of 2017 LAF Medal recipient Cornelia Hahn Oberlander.
Thank you to the generous Olmsted Scholars Program sponsors whose support makes the financial awards and events like these possible..
More photos from this year’s Olmsted Scholars Luncheon and LAF’s 32nd Annual Benefit can be found on LAF’s Flickr Photostream.
LAF.
Olmsted Scholar Feature: Urban Environmental Education in South Central Los Angeles
By David del la Cruz, 2017 National Olmsted Scholar
.
LAF Olmsted Scholars: Ready to Act on the New Landscape Declaration, Part. We recently introduced Action 1 and Action 2, and this week we present Action 3:
We will work to raise awareness of landscape architecture’s vital contribution.
ACT NOW
- Use clear, relatable language in public presentations. Do not use jargon.
- Foster citizen urbanists and community partners.
- Promote the profession via social media.
- Educate the public on the benefits of working with landscape architects.
- Evaluate current communication strategies and explore non-traditional and contemporary communication methods.
PLAN NOW
- Partner with branding/marketing professionals to create a campaign to position the landscape architectural design process as relatable and relevant to the public.
- Increase opportunities for idea competitions or conferences that foreground multi-functional, “artful and performative” landscapes to stimulate fresh solutions to local and global issues and gain visibility for the profession.
- Seek short-term and alternative projects for their ability to catalyze public conversation, stimulate new ideas and teach the profession how to fail forward. later this month for our final post in this series on Action 4: “We will work to support research and champion new practices that result in design innovation and policy transformation.”Total Hotel Score
from 99,0 USD – Apartment
from 99,0 USD – Hotel
from 100,0 USD – Apartment
from 110,0 USD – Hotel
Apartment
Apartment
Apartment
Hostel
0.07 km
315 Fortaleza Street, Old San Juan 00901, San Juan
0.07 km
316 Fortaleza Street 00901, San Juan
0.10 km
Fortaleza 307 00901, San Juan
0.10 km
246 Calle Tanca 00901, San Juan
* Distances are measured as a straight line, calculated from a starting point to a destination point
All bookings are confirmed instantly. No waiting, no email exchanges, no confusion..
Rooms: 27
Upon check-in photo identification and credit card is required. All special requests are subject to availability upon check-in. Special requests cannot be guaranteed and may incur additional charges.
Please note people under 21 years can only stay if accompanied by an adult.
Toilet paper, Toilet, Bathroom, Shower
Desk, Tile/Marble floor, Clothes rack, Air conditioning
Towels, Wake-up service
Upper floors accessible by stairs only
This room features original local artwork, interior window, queen-size bed and air conditioning.
Shower, Toilet paper, Toilet, Bathroom
Clothes rack, Tile/Marble floor, Air conditioning, Desk
Wake-up service, Towels
View, City view
Upper floors accessible by stairs only
This double room has a balcony with city views and air conditioning.
Shower, Toilet, Bathroom, Toilet paper
Air conditioning, Tile/Marble floor, Desk, Clothes rack
Wake-up service, Towels
Patio, City view, Terrace, View
Upper floors accessible by stairs only
This double room features air conditioning, tile/marble floor and patio.
After booking, all of the hotel’s details, including telephone and email address, are provided in the online booking confirmation, confirmation email.
Hot tub/jacuzzi
Concierge service, Luggage storage, Express check-in/check-out, 24-hour front desk, Tour desk, Private check-in/check-out
Sun terrace, Terrace
Evening entertainment
Gift shop
Non-smoking rooms, Bridal suite, Air conditioning, Non-smoking throughout
Free WiFi! Wired internet is available in the hotel rooms and is free of charge.
WiFi is available in public areas and is free of charge.
No parking available.
FromFree Do You Believe? in Best LookNow you can download full Do You Believe? in top quality with duration 115 Min and has been launched? :
Free Do You Believe? in High Definition Format with movie summary  Quality by push of the button above.
Enjoy movie with title Do You Believe? full and free movie streaming in best quality. Watch full with title Do You Believe? free an fun at here. Currently, you is able to see that hundreds thousands of people looking for free Do You Believe? movie and watch it on their sweat household with web connection. Possibly be happy, you could reach thousands of fulfilled members exactly who became tired of waiting for dvds from the mail, and anyone can watch at no cost Do You Believe?. You can get new on the net movie, and down load it for free in each of our site. It's fast, easy, free and furthermore to look at. Play now Do You Believe? on the internet movie with no downloading. You can view online film streaming within HD high quality in 115 Min length. View trailer movie and in addition full video of Do You Believe? click the button below to look at these movie.
... Full Do You Believe? in HD Video 1080p ...
Director : Jonathan M. Gunn
Sure, now you can view movie regarding Do You Believe? 100 % length and acquire the connection to this video Do You Believe? in top quality.
Tags: christian,China Balin Parts Plant,a professional aftermarket manufacturers of diesel injection parts and common rail parts,has made the announcement that they has introduced 56 new part number,including 19 DENSO common rail nozzles,30 Bosch injector valve sets and 9 Caterpillar pencil injectors.
“2016 has already been a tremendous year of growth for common rail parts from China Balin Parts Plant,” said Mr Lin,Sales manager of the company.By introducing these 56 new part number,we have significantly extended our coverage of the passenger vehicle market with a comprehensive offering of industry-leading, OE quality products.”
Extending coverage to common rail fuel systems,these new part number also application to the traditional tractors,including Caterpillar 3204,Ford Transit.
Publicar un comentarioHola invitado, cuidar para publicar un comentario?Lots of our people will are available for a full working day of CoolSculpting remedy utilizing all four of our equipment to treat the entire entire body at the same time.
Love handles would also have to have two one hour remedies. That stretch of time focuses the cooling process over the predominant Extra fat deposits. Most patients practical experience no discomfort, and in some cases study a ebook or relax and listen to new music over the technique.
Obtain your individual pores and skin treatment products and solutions, chosen from the dermatology specialists at Pores and skin Spectrum for pores and skin's vitality and sweetness.
The affected individual pleasure is superb. The truth is, our individual request and pleasure are so overpowering we ordered a 2nd machine within just six months of our first gadget.
People that want to scale back a double chin can perform so thanks to the device's Distinctive CoolMini™ applicator. CoolMini is shaped to match the contour of the world beneath the chin for precise therapy of this prevalent issues place.
CoolSculpting® Zeltiq – Freeze your Unwanted fat absent nowadays Together with the the innovative new treatment for both Guys and ladies for taking away extra overall body Fats! Now you can get rid of your like handles, pouch belly, back fat or man-boobs Using the CoolSculpting® Zeltiq non-surgical course of action.
It requires just only one therapy to receive you in your technique to seeking Obviously slimmer with sculpting Gains that enhance progressively for months. This therapy is perfect for Ladies and Males who're at or around their focus on entire body bodyweight but have parts of Excess fat they would like to minimize.
CoolSculpting is featured in lots of major news publications all across the country, As well as in a latest post from Overall health News Digest, a single top plastic surgeon from The big apple can be singing its praises.
The CoolSculpting® process is executed within our Business beneath the supervision of our medical professional. No anesthesia or Restoration time is necessary. In the course of the technique ,your skin is drawn right into a cup with mild vacuum strain. You could be marginally unpleasant Using the Get in touch with from the chilly since the technique starts, which generally goes away right after the very first ten minutes or so.
We offer the most up-to-date technological know-how, the CoolAdvantage™, that's verified to shorten treatment times, permits go significantly less distress, a more quickly Restoration and the results are a lot better than ever ahead of.
Most likely you’ve been considering speaking with another person to understand if CoolSculpting is right for you. Get in touch with us and let’s go over your targets for the new calendar year.
* After a therapy in our Scottsdale office, your favorite clothes will match improved so you’ll personally encounter the Strengthen of self-confidence that this painless, non-surgical method offers via extraordinary success.
Even though it does remove Excess fat, CoolSculpting is just not a fat loss procedure. It is really most appropriate for people who are around their perfect body weight visit the site but have stubborn areas of Unwanted fat that don't respond to diet regime and physical exercise. CoolSculpting is Protected for both of those Males and girls, and individuals of all ethnic backgrounds.
Entire body by Pores and skin Spectrum features the advantage of DualSculpting, which will get the identical excellent ends in half enough time. We provide this exclusive double therapy to accommodate chaotic schedules and sufferers who will be undergoing Cure to Transformation who will endure overlapping areas to maximize leads to an economical time period.
The CoolSculpting method has a wonderful protection history. The most often reported Unwanted effects are insignificant soreness, with delicate redness or bruising, which needs to be gone within a few days.
Everything about coolsculpting arizonaA chiropractor is a qualified professional to assess the spine, the muscles and the joints of your children. Various mechanical stressors may affect your children’s spine and joints : practicing a sport such as soccer, skating, hockey and gymnastics leads to numerous falls and injuries, as do many activities of daily living. Bad posture at school, watching television or playing on a computer are other causes of musculoskeletal disorders for children. Some of these injuries are visible and noticeable by yourself or your child, but at other times they may go unnoticed. A regular chiropractic evaluation can help limit the consequences of those imbalances.
Childhood is also the perfect time for screening postural disorders such as scoliosis. A simple postural assessment by a chiropractor can quickly detect cases of scoliosis more at risk of evolving during growth spurts, allowing an effective early treatment, possibly in collaboration with orthopedists in more severe cases of postural disorders.
Chiropractic treatments are adapted to the frame and developmental stages of children. Chiropractic manipulations for young children’s spine and peripheral joints are often performed using only the fingertips, with very light pressure. Chiropractic care is safe for children and does not involve any painful or uncomfortable treatments.The Strategy Execution: Getting It Done, organized by the American Management Association will take place from 25th to 27th October 2017 at the AMA Atlanta Executive Conference Center in Atlanta, USA. The conference will cover areas like using mind mapping to define and refine a strategic initiative, designing a strategic execution goal for a successful outcome and preparing for results, planning and leading an energizing launch for a strategic initiative-focused project.
Visitors Attending
Mafe DeAlbaHead of Department at Omron Healthcare IncWeston, United States
Iphraim IgwuekeSenior Director Network Strategy and Business Deve ..Atlanta, United States
Entry Fees & Tickets
33.786321-84.383673
1170 Peachtree St NE #300 Atlanta GA 30309Get Directions
Map & Directions
AMA Conference Center Atlanta
1170 Peachtree St NE #300 Atlanta GA 30309
Atlanta, USA
Featured Hotels in AtlantaMore Hotels
Other Related Events
Business ServicesTitle Image: Clipart Library
Etiquette is a changing part of our social norms. Despite their strange practice in some instances, most do have a very pragmatic historical origin.
Image: Albion Swords
Shaking Hands
As most people are right handed, one’s sword, which was carried at all times when travelling in mediaeval times, would be worn across the left hip for ease of access. Upon greeting another person, it became customary to extend one’s right hand in demonstration that it was bearing no weapon. Thus the handshake developed as a sign of greeting and peace.
The handshake has developed in many parts of the world and it is wise before visiting another country to check the social protocols.
In Japan and China, for example, a weaker handshake is preferred. (Yuck!)
In India and many Asian countries, the respectful Namaste gesture, sometimes combined with a slight bow, is traditionally used in place of handshakes. However, handshakes are preferred in business and other formal settings.
Image: Universal Peace Foundation
Handshakes are also used in other situations. Romany Gypsies, for example, will conduct a negotiation through an on-going handshake during which messages are signalled through various movements of the hand and wrist.
Bowing
Bowing in Western countries tends to be reserved as an act of deference and respect for members of Royal Families and their representatives, certain Judicial and Government figures and religious purposes. It is also practised in Martial Arts and other forms of combat.
Image: Wikipedia
In the East, bowing takes on a whole new level of significance. Every country and every culture seems to have its own protocols around bowing from the simple lowering of the head through to laying prostrate on the floor with arms spread wide in a show of complete surrender and subservience.
Again, it is wise to learn up on the social etiquette of a country which includes such pleasantries as part of their cultural behaviours.
Image: Wordnik
Curtsying
The curtsy (derived from the word “courtesy”) is the female version of a bow.
According to Desmond Morris, the famous anthropologist, the motions involved in the curtsy and the bow were similar until the 17th century, and the gender differentiation between the actions developed afterwards. This is more than likely due to the fashion of longer dresses.
Strictly speaking, a curtsy involves the plié movement borrowed from second-position in classical ballet in which the knees are bent while the back is held straight. Both feet and knees point out so the torso lowers straight down, as the head is bowed. It is staggering how few people can do a decent curtsy!
Eastern countries tend not to use curtseying, preferring the Namaste style of action as their sign of deference. There are some variations so please check before travelling!
In the Middle East it can become extremely complex for ladies to know what is expected as it changes not just from country to country but between ethnicities also. There have been some famous incidents! Women receive a very low level of respect from many peoples of the Islamic world.
The different salutes, Prince Harry in the Army and Prince William in the Navy. Images: Daily Mail
Saluting
It was customary, for an armoured soldier, for his helmet to be removed for the sake of identification upon being greeted.
This military tradition continued into the times of Busbys or Bearskins as worn by Guardsmen. As this headgear is extremely heavy and large and includes a chinstrap, the tradition morphed into a touching of the headgear in a show of deference to a senior officer. This gesture was then formalised into what we know today as the salute.
The Army of the UK salutes with the back of the hand flat against the forehead and index finger just above the eyebrow. The Navy salutes with the palm pointing downwards. This is because Queen Victoria did not like to see the grease smeared hands of her sailors as they saluted her!
Anglo Saxon Drinking Horn Image: britishmuseum.org
Clinking of Glasses as a Toast
In days of yore, there was much mistrust between the various Peers of the various realms around the world. The attempts to undermine a family were commonplace.
The poisoning of a rival’s drink was a practice which became almost a fashion. To disprove such a ruse, the two principals in such a situation would clash drinking vessels, whether a pewter goblet or a bull’s horn, causing the drink from each vessel to spill over into the other. The host would then drink first and demonstrate the safety of the guest.
This practice continues today as a symbol of wishing good health to others.
Good Health to you and Namaste!
All Rights Reserved. ©Edward Bryans 2017. No unauthorised reproduction of this post in whole or in part is permitted without the express written consent of the authorSocialist Bernie is at it again. In case you missed it, Bernie wants the United States to apologize for slavery. Well, thanks for the opportunity, Bernie, but I think that 360,000 Union dead in the Civil War was more than sufficient apology.
Then there’s the Spread (your) Wealth Around aspect. Here’s a news item demonstrating Bernie’s compassion for the poor along with his notion that solar panels will, somehow, cause us to stop using carbon-based fuels and halt climate change. Assuming the poor recipients of Bernie’s proposed government largess live in areas with sufficient sunlight, and ignoring the inconvenient facts of rapid climate change (e.g. Medieval Warm Period and Little Ice Age) that clearly had nothing to do with us pesky humans burning fossil fuels.
So, yes, Bernie is a typical lefty, not one to allow mere facts interfere with his good intentions. And, as a conservative Republican, I would never vote for Bernie Sanders. He’s a dyed-in-the-wool socialist who is too far to the left even for the Democrats.
That said, I do have a grudging respect for his Quixotic tilting at Hillary and for the fact that he does not mince words on what he believes. The good news for those of us who want less government and more freedom is that much of what he says is utter nonsense, as is his demand for an apology for events no living soul had anything to do with, and for his fanciful fluff on solar panels.Esperanza Poro, Camotes 6049(Show on map)
(9 Reviews).
Note:
Wifi connection is available at the Restaurant and Cafe Veranda only.
• Check In : 14:00
• GMT Time : +08:00 - Beijing, Chongqing, Hong Kong, Urumqi.
Santiago Bay Beach
Santiago White Beach
Mangodlong Beach
Holy Crystal Cave
Buho Rock
Paraiso Cave
Lake Danao
Timobo Caves
Score Breakdown
Read reviews
Hear it directly from our travelers
(9 Reviews)
Back to TopBACK TO PRODUCT
Alden® for J.Crew suede dover shoes
- Quantity:
Product Details
Founded in Massachusetts by Charles H. Alden in 1884, the Alden Shoe Company is now in its fourth generation of shoemaking, and its integrity and attention to craft have made us loyal followers. Our designers parterered with Alden's expert shoemakers to create this exclusive, limited-edtion dover, featuring a rich suede upper and a durable waterlock sole, which is treated with oil for extra water resistance.
- Suede upper.
- Leather lining.
- Leather sole.
- Made in the USA.
- Select stores.
- Item G8268.News from Andalucia & Costa del Sol
News Archive In association with
Serious running on the Al Andalus Ultra Trail
The event is organised by Axarquia-based Briton Paul Bateson
By Dave Jamieson
Sixty athletes from 12 countries arrive in Andalucía this weekend to participate in a gruelling five-day sporting event. Competitors will pass through nine towns and villages during next week as they run a tough, 240 kilometre mountain trail through the Poniente Granadino region.
The Al Andalus Ultra Trail has been designed and organised by Paul Bateson. Originally from the UK and now director of Team Axarsport based in Santa Cruz del Comercio, Paul has been an active participant in the racing community of Málaga and Granada provinces over the past ten years.
Forces charity runners
As well as individual runners, there will also be 11 teams of three participating, including a team from the Royal Engineers competing for the Help for Heroes charity, while two teams from the Parachute Regiment of Colchester will run for their Afghan Trust. Theirs will also include an extra runner who lost a leg in Afghanistan and who will run part of the final stage. The event begins on Monday in the host town of Loja, which has provided invaluable help in the preparation of such a large event, with a climb into the mountains where temperatures can reach 45 degrees. Runners will then cross the range to Zafarraya and finish the 58 kilometre stage in Alhama de Granada.
Tuesday features a tough 47-kilometre route into the Sierra Tejada, Almijara and Alhama which will take competitors up to 1,620 metres, close to the peak of La Maroma, the highest point in the Axarquía. Runners will spend that night in Jatar, from where next morning they will face another 48 kilometres through mountain, road and forest tracks via Lake Bermejales to Jayena.
Costa gets 185 extra cops for summer
Officials warn of holiday spike in petty thefts and robbery
By Oliver McIntyre
The National Police in Málaga province will be boosted by 185 extra officers from July 1 to August 31 as the force beefs up to handle the annual influx of tourists. The reinforcements increase the force by eight per cent, to a total of 2,585 officers.
The summertime police push, which also includes stepped-up cooperation with the Guardia Civil and with local police forces in towns throughout the Costa, is aimed at guaranteeing security in tourist zones. "Security and tourism go hand-in-hand and are inseparable," said the government sub-delegate in Málaga, Hilario López Luna. "Greater security means more and better quality, and more visitors."
The 185 extra officers are distributed in Málaga city (65); Marbella (30); Fuengirola (25); Torremolinos (20); Vélez-Málaga (15); and Estepona, Ronda and Antequera (10 each).
However, the Unified Police Union (SUP) says the boost in officers falls woefully short. "In summer the population triples, and a third of the police force takes holiday leave, so what is needed is an increase of 500 officers," said SUP's secretary general in Málaga, Manuel Expósito.
Malaya trial scheduled for March 2010
Spain's largest town planning corruption case will be heard in Málaga's court complex
By David Eade
At long last the trial for the Malaya corruption case at Marbella town hall has been given a start date. It will be in March of next year and the national judicial body, the CGPJ, and the Andalucía High Court, have been requested by the Málaga court to ensure that the lawyers involved are freed from any other tasks.
While the trial revolves around Marbella and the initial hearings have been heard by the town's judges the case now steps up a gear by moving to the higher Málaga provincial court which is based at the Ciudad de la Justicia. However, the court is having to be adapted to accommodate Spain's largest political and town planning corruption trial. That task will start in August and take two months to complete.
As an indication of the importance of this trial many of the measures that will be employed at the Málaga court complex were developed for the March 11 terror bombing hearings at the Spanish High Court in Madrid.
The court has also been in contact with the National Police, Guardia Civil, Local Police in Madrid, Málaga and Marbella to ensure that the summonses for those currently freed on bail are delivered in good time and that no attempts are made to flee Spain.
Unwanted spotlight
One of the measures adopted from the Madrid terrorism trial is likely to be the relay of the hearings by closed circuit TV to journalists watching in a special press centre. Without a doubt the world's media will be keen to report on this massive corruption scam and although the action will take place in Málaga the unwanted spotlight will once again fall on Marbella and the wider Costa del Sol.
Abandoned dogs caused 3,000 traffic accidents last year
Traffic Department launches campaign against pet abandonment
By Oliver McIntyre
Abandoned dogs wandering the roadways were the cause of nearly 3,000 traffic accidents in Spain in 2008, according to the Traffic Department, which last week launched a campaign against pet abandonment in collaboration with animal protection groups and pet food maker Pedigree.
Abandoned dogs were the cause of nearly a quarter (23 per cent) of all accidents related to animals on the roadway, behind only wild boars (javalí), which made up 31 per cent of the 12,000 incidents last year. The number of animal-related accidents has doubled since 2004, when there were a total of 6,000. Last year eight people were killed in accidents caused by animals on the roadway.
Ninety-four per cent of animal-related accidents involve the vehicle hitting the animal, while the remainder are caused by the driver manoeuvring to avoid hitting it, said Aurora Cedenilla, deputy director of the Traffic Department (DGT).This event has expired
The details are retained only for informational purpose.
Location:Guwahati , Assam, India
Event Date(s):Feb 4, 2016 to Feb 5, 2016
Related Information:- Royal Group of Institutions, Guwahati
Consensio 2016, Royal Group of Institution, Feb 04-05, 2016, Guwahati, Assam
Consensio 2016, Royal Group of Institution, Feb 04-05, 2016, Guwahati, Assam
, Guwahati, Assam
Events Dates :
4 February 2016 - 5 February 2016
Organized By:
Royal Group of Institution, Guwahati
Sponsored By:
Royal Group of Institution, Guwahati
About Events
Consensio, the annual cultural festival of Royal Group of Institutions, Guwahati presents its 7th edition as Consensio’16….En El Vibgyor as an effort for igniting a spirit of unity and peace in the minds of the people in today’s communal tension and violence afflicted region through various inter-college competitions in the fields of Fine Arts, Performing Arts, Engineering, Management and Literary events organized with a theme of peace and harmony.
Important Dates
4 February 2016 - 5 February 2016
Venue:
Royal Group of Institution
Guwahati,
Assam,
India
Contact Details
Contact No : +36 1 227 9919
Important Links:
Official Website:Battlestar Galactica Modern Minimates 2-PACK Series 4 President Roslyn And Tom Zarek
A Modern Minimates 2-PACK is an excellent superhero toy doll. In my opinion, you will like that it features this feature, battlestar galactica minimates from diamond select toys. Other features include things like for ages 8 and up. The product number for this is 26072. The toy is 7.87"H x 3.15"L x 9.84"W and weighs something like 0.11 lbs, add to cart by clicking the weblink below.
battlestar galactica modern minimates series president
Model: Minimates Series 4
UPC: 699788260050
Package Quantity: 1
Information.
Details
- Battlestar Galactica Minimates from Diamond Select Toys
- This two-pack includes President Laura Roslin and Tom Zarek
- For Ages 8 and Up
- Pack: 1
- Dimensions: Height: 7.87" Length: 3.15" Width: 9.84"
- Weight: 0.11 lbs.
- Package: Height: 1.3" Length: 5.8" Depth: 5.4"
- Package Weight: 0.1 lbs.
A brave Sheffield boy has spent a gruelling nine weeks' in the US for treatment after his brain tumour returned.
Heroic Reece Winterbottom now aged 12, was initially diagnosed in 2012 - just six months after he lost his 30-year-old mum Kirsty to skin cancer.
Reece and Charlie got the chance to meet former Sheffield United captain Neil Collins who now plays for the Tampa Bay Rowdies
After reading Reece's original story in The Star, Mosborough Music Festival organiser Steve Cowens organised a fundraiser to send the Sheffield United-mad youngster to Disney Land with his family and things were looking well after scans.
But in June of this year, the family got the 'devastating' news that Reece's tumour had returned.
Reece has spent the last two months in Jacksonville, Florida, for 30 gruelling sessions of proton treatment.
Proud dad David Winterbottom, 43, of Sothall, said the doctors are 'very confident' of success but the initial news came as a huge shock.
"It was devastating, it was really upsetting. But Sheffield Children's Hospital has been fantastic with us. I can't thank them enough for all the help and support they've offered.
"The doctors said it had come back very small and the best option was to travel to the US for proton treatment."
The main advantage of proton therapy over other types of radiotherapy is the dose is deposited over a narrow range and there is minimal affect on healthy cells.
"His spirits were very high throughout. He never moaned or complained once, he just got on with it, I'm so proud of him," David said.
And commenting on United's league success under the tenure of Chris Wilder, David said: "Ever since we've been in Florida, United haven't lost a game! With us being over there we must've been a lucky charm. It's cheered Reece up no end.
David's sons got the chance to meet former Sheffield United captain Neil Collins who now plays for the Tampa Bay Rowdies.
"He was a great bloke, it was really good of him to meet the lads. All the players were great."Brickcom MD-300Np-360P Supported by Exacq
Brickcom MD-300Np-360P panomorph mini dome IP camera is officially integrated by Exacq, the industry leading enterprise IP and Hybrid video security systems provider. exacqVision Server and Client version 6.2, offering a variety of dewarping methods for the user to choose from.
For more details about Brickcom camera’s compatibility with Exacq, please refer to the Exacq web page.
Hire a Band Member
Hand picked quality Band Members! Twine will find you the perfect Band Member for your job.
It's free to get started
Save money whilst ensuring quality
No time wasters, only hand picked band members
Young Rapper Named Jayo From Brooklyn NYC . I Do Music For Fun Its My Passion . Link Me For A Feature Or Send Beats If You Like My Sound And Ill Get Back To You Contact - jayofrm86@yahoo.com
Young Rapper Named Jayo From Brooklyn NYC . I Do Music For Fun Its My Passion . Link Me For A Feature Or Send Beats If You Like My Sound And Ill Get Back To You Contact - jayofrm86@yahoo.com New York, US
We have over 220,000 creative freelancers! Twine will help you find the perfect Band Member for your project.
Young Rapper Named Jayo From Brooklyn NYC . I Do Music For Fun Its My Passion . Link Me For A Feature Or Send Beats If You Like My Sound And Ill Get Back To You Contact - jayofrm86@yahoo.com
Born and raised in the great city of New York, DJ Giovanni holds one of the most prestigious residencies in NYC at the iconic Webster Hall. From his South America and Caribbean tours, Giovanni has become an inspiration to many people around the world due to his hearing impaired disability from a disease called Cholesteatoma. His remarkable story has even been featured on an exclusive interview this year on EDMNYC.com. With all the challenges Giovanni underwent to reach his goals, he feels blessed to be able to performs in front of large crowds. His love for music and the drive he gains from the energy of his fans embraces his heart to strive for what others said would be, “impossible”. DJ Giovanni also opened Darknite Studios in 2012, which is a Recording and Marketing Studio where both new and experienced artists can access the tools and resources they need to get their foot in the door or advance their career as a DJ, Producer, or Musician.
Cotton Bowl 2017 Live
No Bio
No Bio
College Football Playoff NCAA Football NCAA College Football New York, US
Latest bandSummer Soiree
West Loop | Website
This event occurred in the past.
Map | Find Parking
This event will include a three hour premium open bar with specialty drinks, delicious food and music as attendees gather to raise autism awareness. Proceeds to benefit the Chicagoland Chapter of Autism Speaks to Young Professionals.May 10, 2012
2011-12 Season - DeSimone, Palmer named All-CCIW
NAPERVILLE, Ill.- Senior Adam DeSimone (Bettendorf HS, Bettendorf, Iowa) and freshman Lawrence Palmer (Schiller International HS, El Prat De Llobregat, Spain) have been named to this year's College Conference of Illinois & Wisconsin all-conference men's tennis team. DeSimone was selected to the first team, while Palmer was a second team pick.
DeSimone, the Vikings' number one singles player for three years and a number one doubles player for four, finished his career second on Augustana's all-time wins list with 136, just three off the school record. This year, he went 15-16 in singles play and teamed with sophomore Andy Wall (Notre Dame Academy, De Pere, Wis.) to go 16-13 in doubles. With his inclusion on this year's All-CCIW team, DeSimone becomes a four-time honoree. He was a second team selection each of the last three years.
Palmer posted a 9-11 record this year playing at number two singles for the Vikings. He went 12-11 in doubles, including a 12-10 mark when teamed with his brother Will Palmer (Schiller International HS, Great Britain) at number two.Lover Come Back (1961)
Lover Come Back (1961)
Lover Come Back Photos
Movie Info
Watch it now
Cast
as Jerry Webster/Doctor Linus Tyler
as Peter Ramsay
as Rebel Davis
as J. Paxton Miller
as Dr. Linus Tyler
as Millie
as Brackett
as Kelly
as Fred
as Charlie
as Deborah
as Hodges
as Board Member
as Leonard
as Party Girl
as Party Girl
as Northcross
as Dr. Melnick
as Cleaning Woman
as Cleaning Woman
as Elevator Operator
as Ramsey Receptionist
as Musician
as Elevator Operator
as Dancer
Critic Reviews for Lover Come Back
All Critics (9) | Fresh (8) | Rotten (1)
Formulaic, this Oscar-winning comedy reaffirmed the status of Rock Hudson and Doris Day as America's most popular stars at the box-office.
Should be required viewing for film students studying why 1960s sitcom fare is so outdated.
O roteiro inteligente (e, embora inocente, ainda atual em suas críticas ao consumismo desenfreado) mantém o espectador sempre envolvido, e a sempre palpável química entre Day e Hudson torna a experiência ainda melhor.
Audience Reviews for Lover Come Back
Second).
Super Reviewer
Average rehashing of Pillow Talk. Tony Randall is absolutely amazing though.
Super Reviewer
My personal favorites of the Doris Day/Rock Hudson movies.
Super Reviewer
Lover Come Back Quotes
There are no approved quotes yet for this movie.
Discussion Forum
Discuss Lover Come Back on our Movie forum!Today. The batch is currently hardening in the mold and will be ready to take out and cut in the morning. It smells heavenly! I’m really excited to see how it turns out.
Tomorrow I’m going to try a lemon herb soap. Same basic recipe as the double mint soap, but with lemon essential oil, lemon zest, and crushed dried basil. In theory it sounds good so I’m hoping it will turn out just as good as I’m dreaming!
I’m trying to think of some other soap recipe ideas to try. Do you have any suggestions??
p.s.- I haven’t forgotten about the sugar scrub recipe. It’s on the way, I promise!!
p.s.s.- I added some new stuff to my etsy shop <—- do me a favor and check it out, favorite it, share it with your friends, post it on your facebook… yeah this is shameless self promotion. After all, this is MY blog! 😉A Carpenters Union local is asking union members and their families to oppose construction of a budget motel on Summit Avenue in Villa Park because it says the operator is ``a notorious nonunion`` business.
The project of Sixpence Inns of America, of Santa Ana, Calif., calls for a 166-room motel northwest of Wag`s restaurant at Summit and Roosevelt Road.The Romany, more commonly called Gypsies, have been a marginalized ethnic group in Europe for hundreds of years. As such, they have been the subjects of stereotypes and suspicion, and their customs are generally little-known, as they tend to be distrustful of society outside their scattered communities. This is the first autobiography I have read from a Romany.
Gypsy Boy is a tell-all memoir of a harsh childhood within the Romany community in England. As the oldest son of a family known for their fighting prowess, Mikey Walsh was expected to follow the course of familial tradition. Training began in early childhood and was far from easy, as his father was quite brutal in his son’s regimen and regularly beat him for failure.
Mikey also experienced sexual abuse from another relative and grew up largely unschooled. After much deliberation, he left his extended community in his mid teens, found success and a degree of hard-won happiness, and worked in a non-Gypsy world that other members of his family could barely fathom.
Walsh writes very candidly about his childhood and its hardships, and expresses a strong pride in his background, lumps and all. He also emphasizes his strong love for other members of his family, especially his mother and sister, who helped him keep his head up through the worst parts of childhood.
Gypsy Boy is along the manner of The Liars’ Club or The Glass Castle; I’ve read some comparisons to Running with Scissors as well. If you’ve read any of these and liked them, you’ll probably like this book.
(William Hicks, Information Services)
Filed under: Memoir | Tagged: Great Britain -- Childhood Memoirs, Romany -- Autobiography |
DESTIN M. MILLER, PLAINTIFF,v.RICHARD FERRELL, ET AL., DEFENDANTS.
The opinion of the court was delivered by: Hon. Dana M. Sabraw United States District Judge
ORDER DENYING PLAINTIFF'S AMENDED MOTION FOR APPOINTMENT OF COUNSEL [Doc. 10.]
Plaintiff Destin M. Miller filed a Complaint, motion for leave to proceed in forma pauperis, and a motion for appointment of counsel on July 9, 2010. (Docs. 1-3.) This Court granted Plaintiff's motion to proceed in forma pauperis, dismissed the Complaint in part, and deferred ruling on Plaintiff's motion for appointment of counsel, granting Plaintiff leave to file an amended motion at the time of filing a First Amended Complaint ("FAC"). (Doc. 4.) Plaintiff filed a FAC on October 1, 2010 and filed an amended motion for appointment of counsel on October 14, 2010. (Docs. 8, 10.)
DISCUSSION
This action arises out of an incident that occurred on October 27, 2008. (FAC ¶ 7.) In the FAC, Plaintiff alleges she was beaten and knocked unconscious by San Diego Community College District police officers. (Id. at ¶¶ 9-11.) Plaintiff further alleges she suffered injuries that required hospitalization and treatment, and incurred substantial medical bills as a result of this incident. (Id. at ¶ 17.) Plaintiff asserts five claims for relief in the FAC: (1) 42 U.S.C. § 1983 - civil rights violations; (2) 42 U.S.C. § 1983 - unlawful customs, policies or habits; (3) negligence; (4) battery; and (5) Civil Code § 52.1 civil rights violations.
A plaintiff plaintiff to articulate his claims pro se in light of the complexity of the legal issues involved. Wilborn, 789 F.2d at 1331 (quotation omitted).
The Court denies Plaintiff's motion, as no exceptional circumstances exist that warrant appointment of counsel at this time. However, Plaintiff may renew her request for counsel at a later stage of the proceedings, if appropriate.
CONCLUSION
For the reasons set forth above, Plaintiff's motion for appointment of counsel is DENIED without prejudice.
IT ISAdobe Elements 9 to Lightroom 5.3 ===> My experience
Having used Lightroom and Photoshop for a couple of weeks and have done pretty much all there is to do I can still say I am impressed with both programs and I feel it was worth the cash over Elements.
There is some room for improvements for both programs though:
1) Key-wording isn't as easy as it should be with LR 5.3. When you hover over the icon on a picture that indicates a photo is tagged it says "this photo has a tag". What a useless piece of information. When you hover over a tag icon it should show a balloon with the tags present on the picture. This is obvious Adobe .... just fix it. Currently you have to scroll though the left keywords panel just to confirm you tagged a picture properly.
2) When you are importing scanned pictures LR has no easy way to change the date from the scan date to the actual photo date. Yes you can go though the menus, but LR really needs a hotkey for this feature or better yet just click on the date to change the date.
3) Why doesn't Photoshop have Blacks and Whites sliders like LR5.3. Honestly, I can usually get the look I want just by messing with those two ... no curves required.
4) In the left metadata panel sometimes capture date, or any date just disappears depending on the picture source .... annoying but you can always edit date from the menu bar.
5) Why isn't there a handle to close all keywords you have expanded in the keyword panel. If you have a lot of keywords this is almost a necessity.
There are many others issues but they are more a matter of work style than functionality.
Where PS/LR shines:
1) On first use I thought the content aware heal tool was crap in LR, but once you learn its strengths it becomes useful. It is no replacement for heal and clone in PS though.
2) Heal and clone seem to work much better than in Elements.
3) I get angry looking back at all the crippling in Elements ... many tasks are much easier in PS and not only the automated ones.Health, and the factors which influence.
Health, and the factors which influence health.
The mind and body are no longer seen by the medical professional as existing independently of each other. The shift from what was known as a bio-medical notion of health has now been overtaken through the embrace of the biopsychosocial model by the healthcare system and its practitioners. Such a theoretical framework views both illness and health as the complex interaction between biological, psychological and social domains, in determining ones health (Ogden, 2004). The model thus holds a number of propositions in regards to health and illness. Firstly, that illness is multi-causal in its initiation - a number of factors may work together in order for illness to result (Coolican, 1999) The interaction of the individual's social world such as relationships, spirituality and socio-economic status (financial resources and position within the community) are also involved in the health process and this is seen at a macro-level of process (e.g. available social support) which then interacts with more micro-level processes (biological factors such as chemical imbalances in the body) to result in subsequent health or illness.
In regards to nursing specifically, amongst health practitioners, traditionally attention has been focused on meeting patients physical and mental health needs but with substantial evidence pointing to the combination and interaction of macro and micro level processes on our health and in the cause of illness, this means that nurses need to understand health from a more holistic approach. A holistic approach in regards to health can be explained and defined by "the need to consider the person as a whole if one is to fully understand his or her health status," (Coolican, 1999: p171) and therefore in regards to ill-health, nurses are thus required to understand the illness of the individual under their care, from the perspective of the patients actual life-situation.
A large body of literature has proven that a number of factors and variables impact upon health status (current state of health) and health outcome (long-term health and well-being), and these will now be discussed with examples from each of the three domains; biology, psychology and the social context. For the purposes of this essay, health will be viewed as a spectrum with well-being on one pole, and illness on the other.
One of the major categories within the biological domain of factors that can influence health status is our genetic make-up – and more specifically the case of genetic disorders which predispose individuals to various conditions that can be damaging to health if not fatal Genetic disorders have been found to exist for the majority of the bodies systems, and are wide ranging in the numbers of individuals they affect, and the degree to which the compromise health. Examples of such conditions include Blood and Lymph system disorders such as Sickle Cell Anemia (SCA) which through an abnormality of the blood's hemoglobin shape can cause pain, chronic anemia and increased experience of severe infections. Genetic disorders can also involve a predisposition to some cancers; breast cancer has an especially high incidence of running in families, with genetic predisposition thought to account for up to 10% of breast cancer cases in the West. (McPherson, Steel & Dixon, 2000)
Psychological factors have also been well-documented as contributing to health, both through the way in which our beliefs about the causes of health can affect behavior such as what we attribute illness to (and so influences our choice of course of action), and through our lifestyle choices and the impact these can exert on heath status. Lifestyle factors that we choose to engage in, or that are the result of coping strategies we employ, can be positive or negative in their effect. Increased engagement in consumption of alcohol or fatty foods or smoking behavior can lead to an increased risk of Coronary heart disease (Bhopal et al, 1999) with obesity linked to a two-fold increase in the risk of breast cancer in women (McPherson, Steel & Dixon, 2000) However choosing a lifestyle of exercise and moderation in regards to food and drink will have a positive effect by lowering obesity and hence predisposition to conditions such as CHD and cancer. People have also been found to differ in the types of causes they attribute illness to, and also linked with this, they amount of control they have over their own health. The Health Locus of Control Model (Wallston & Wallston, 1982) demonstrates how people can have what is called an internal or external health locus of control; individuals with an external locus of control see their health status as resulting from chance or under the control of others, and subsequently see their own role as minimal and believe they are not in a position to make any changes to their health. As a result these individuals tend not to be able to make behavioural changes to their lifestyle which may be affecting their health without significant help. Conversely, individuals with an internal locus of control see their health status as resulting from their own actions, and are therefore may be in a stronger psychological position to initiate changes in their behavior and lifestyle in order to improve their health. This type of person can however be affected by feelings of guilt and anger through attributing illnesses to their own actions, and therefore there are a number of implications for the way in which health professional's need to deal with both types of individual in relation to their illnesses and associated treatment programs .
Socially, health has been found to be affected through standards of housing, and employment status, which can be seen to fall under the general category of the relevance of income. One finding from a large scale study of the impact of standards of housing on health found that adults currently living in a good standard of housing were more likely to be ill if they experienced adverse housing conditions earlier in life – thus the effect on health can be long term and demonstrates the need to tackle housing problems to improve health as early as possible, and that housing may be particularly important to health during childhood. (Nettleton, 2000) Employment status in the form of unemployment has also been found to have the potential to exert a negative impact on health, with one study demonstrating that unemployed workers (from an originally employed sample) showed a substantial increase in long-standing illness and visited their GP's on more occasions than those who were not made unemployed in the study sample. (Ferrie et al, 2001)
In conclusion, evidence that such a wide ranging and diverse base of factors have the potential to influence health, ensures the need for those involved in the care of others (nurses) to practice from a holistic approach in order to ensure that all patient's needs are met. An understanding and appreciation by nurses of the complex interplay of the factors that impact health, mean that they will be in a better position to aid in the treating and healing of their patients holistically, which gives the individuals under their care the greatest potential for achieving a successful health outcome.
REFERENCES
Bhopal, R. Unwin, N. White, M. Yallop, J. Walker, L. Alberti, K. Harland, J. Patel, S. Ahmed, N. Turnet, C, Watson, B. Kaur. D. Kulkarni, A. Laker, M. & Tavridou. (1999) 'Heterogeneity of coronary heart disease risk factors in Indian, Pakistani, Bangladeshi and European origin populations: Cross-sectional study' British Medical Journal
Coolican, H (1999) 'Applied psychology' Hodder & Stoughton
Ferrie, J. Martikainen, P. Sipley, M. Marmot, M. Stansfield, S & Davey-Smith, G (2001) 'Employment status and health after privatization in white collar civil servants:prospective cohort study' British Medical Journal
Lundeen, S (1999) 'An alternative paradigm for promoting health in communities: The Lundeen Community Nursing Center Model' Family Community Health Vol. 21 No. 4
McPherson, K. Steel, C & Dixon, J (2000) 'Breast cancer – epidemiology, risk factors, and genetics' British Medical Journal
Nettleton, S (2000) 'Home sweet home? The impact of poor housing on health' British Medical Journal
Ogden, J (2004) 'Health Psychology: A text book' Open University Press
Wallston & Wallston (1982). 'Who is responsible for your health? The construct of health locus of control.' cited in Sanders, G & Suls, J (Eds.), 'Social psychology of health and illness.' Hillsdale Erlbaum.Two evenly matched teams on a nasty night weather-wise.
Field position and one big play would figure to make all the difference.
They did.
Sheldon Roberto and Kyle Bellor hooked up on a 46-yard halfback option touchdown pass play early in the third quarter for the game's only score as the Falcons posted a hardfought 8-0 victory over the Northmen in a Division 3 pre-district football game at soggy Curtis Field.
It ended another outstanding season for the Northmen at 8-2. Ogemaw, 9-1, advances to play Escanaba, 8-2, for the district championship.
"That's a good football team," Petoskey coach Kerry VanOrman said of the Falcons. "Their only loss was to us and we had beaten them three out of the last four times we played them. That's just the way the game goes. What can you do?"
The game was played first in a fine mist, then a steady drizzle then, by the fourth quarter, a deluge combined with a strong southerly wind that made passing - and punting - difficult to say the least, and footing difficult as the playing surface disolved into a mucky mess. Only unseasonably warm temperatures kept it from being a miserable night weather-wise.Is the fact that Auburn plays in the SEC and won that league this year reason enough to believe they will win the big game?
No, it is not.
The SEC is an excellent league, that’s for sure. But, the mere fact that Auburn plays in that conference and won it does not mean they are automatically better than any other undefeated team in any given year nor does it mean they will easily win the game against Oregon.
Yes, the SEC has depth, has consistently fielded high ranked teams and won most of the BCS-era national championships. Give them their due. They're good.
But on the other hand there are some areas of softness: 1) SEC teams don’t always play each other each year, with good teams often avoiding playing each other, 2) SEC teams (like teams from most conferences other than the Pac-10) play four non-conference games each year and you guessed it, they mostly schedule “cream puff” opponents, and 3) SEC teams typically only play four road games each year.
So, between playing a quarter of their schedule against cream puffs, more than half of it at home and not playing every other team in their league…yes, the SEC teams do manage to inflate their records and generate high rankings, but in those maneuvers there is reason to question the all-mighty status of the SEC when it comes to playing teams from other conferences. There is some evidence of this, for example, in how SEC teams are faring vs. other conferences in the bowl season. So far, the SEC teams have won 3 games and lost 4. If they were so dominate from top to bottom, wouldn't it be more like 6-1 or 7-0 at this point? Wouldn't Georgia be able to beat South Florida? Wouldn't Tennessee be able to beat North Carolina? Etc.
All of this simply means to me that the SEC winner is not automatically better than an undefeated champion from another conference. It just means that they are a very good team from a very good conference. That’s it.Best Fish Oil I’ve Found: Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil Review
Finding the best fish oil isn’t easy. I’ve tried dozens. Heck, half of them I threw away before the bottle was empty. That’s why I wanted to write this Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil review.
Now, before we dive in, it’s important to note there’s more than one way to skin a cat. With regards to health and nutrition, truer words have never been spoken. What works for me, might do harm to you.
Personally, I’ve found noticeable benefits to taking Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil. Here are just a few of them:
- My energy levels increase.
- I get better sleep.
- Improved skin.
- My joints feel better, too.
- I also noticed my focus improves.
…For me, fermented cod liver oil has been a near miracle supplement. I’ve recommended it to friends and family for years. Some have loved it. Others not so much.
P.S: I’m no doctor. This is not medical advice.
Who Is Green Pasture? What is Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver Oil?
Green Pasture is a Nebraska-based company created by Dave and Barbara Wetzel. They began creating concentrated butter oil on their farm in the early 2000s.
After researching the numerous benefits of high-vitamin butter oil and listening to Dr. Weston A. Price speak on the topic, the family dedicated their whole business to developing oil products designed to improve health and well-being.
After consulting with Dr. Price, the company realized the huge nutritional benefits between combining high-vitamin butter oil with cod liver oil. Thus, Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil with Butter Oil was born.
While you can purchase the company’s cod liver oil without the butter oil, the miracle combination comes from mixing the cod oil and butter oil.
The Blue Ice Royal Blend Fermented Cod Liver Oil w/ Concentrated Butter Oil has been shown to offer a variety of health benefits. The product took off when it was mentioned in Tim Ferris’s book, The 4-Hour Body.
Tim claimed the product could offer testosterone boosting benefits, along with a myriad of other positives. While I found The 4-Hour Body to be marginally average, this tip was one I took to heart. And I’m thrilled I did.
The Benefits of Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil
Why? Because of the numerous benefits of Green Pastures Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil. Here are just a few I noticed:
- Anti-Inflammatory Properties
The biggest benefit I’ve noticed since taking Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil is reduced inflammation.
I’ve had ankle and knee surgery due to injuries sustained from college basketball. Taking fermented cod liver oil w/ concentrated butter fat helps my joint pain – significantly!
When I take 3-6 capsules of Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil a day, I’m able to walk, run, and jump with less pain than on days I don’t. It’s noticeable.
Why? Because Blue Ice contains a high amount of Omega-3s, which have been proven to reduce inflammation naturally (Source).
If you struggle with joint pain or inflammation, this may be one of the better supplements for you. Cherry juice can also be exceptionally helpful.
- High Energy
I can’t quite put a finger why my energy levels feel higher after taking this supplement. After all, I’m no scientist.
I just notice that my focus and energy levels tends to be higher on days I take Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil – compared to days when I forget to take the supplement.
I’m able to focus on my online businesses for an extra hour or two each afternoon before I want to take a break and hit the gym. Then in the gym, I have a little extra push to get the last set and rep in.
- Improved Skin Quality
While I’ve heard about fish oil being beneficial for skin quality, I’ve never noticed my skin improving when just taking fish oil or cod liver oil. My skin improved when the concentrated butter oil was added to the equation.
Concentrated butter oils have been shown to naturally moisturize the skin while also balancing the oils. This combination often leads to less breakouts and a “glowing” skin tone that many love.
If you’re looking to improve your skin just a little bit, Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil will help.
- Immune System Booster
Concentrated butter fat has been shown to improve the immune system functions. Cod liver oil has been proven to reduce the risk of immune diseases.
But combined? When concentrated butter fat is consumed with cod liver oil the effects are said to be compounded.
Personally, I notice I get sick less when taking Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver Oil over a six-month span, especially when compared to traditional fish oil which don’t do much for me.
- Nutrient Rich Supplement
Blue Ice Royal Blend Fermented Cod Liver Oil w/ Concentrated Butter Oil is packed to the brim with nutrients.
The product is chalk full of:
- Vitamin A
- Vitamin D
- Omega-3s
- Vitamin K
- …And so much more!
So? Well, many who are proponents of this believe that users of Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil notice benefits because of deficiencies.
The supplement is so packed with nutrients that a majority of people will find one of their deficiencies replenished when taking the product.
Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil Review: Downsides
Now, I’m a huge fan of this product from Green Pastures, but I know that no products are perfect.
So, here are a few downsides I found during my Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil review:
- Costly: This certainly isn’t the cheapest fish oil or cod liver oil product on the market. In fact, it’s one of the more expensive ones. At $42 shipped with Amazon Prime for a one month supply, Blue Ice is an expensive nutritional supplement.
- Hyped Up: From Tim Ferris to many a nutritionalist and blogger – Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil has been hyped up for it’s nutritional benefits. While the product does work fairly well, claiming it’ll improve your health single-handedly is a bit far fetched. The product should always supplement a healthy diet and exercise routine.
The Controversy…
As of late, Green Pasture got involved in a bit of a scandal. A study was published claiming the company’s products didn’t contain the vitamins it claims and that certain batches of cod liver oil were rancid.
Of course, this set certain parts of the nutritional community afire, as many have taken this products for years with great success.
The reality of the situation? Many have questioned whether the publisher of the report had undisclosed financial motivation to damage Green Pasture.
I’d recommend checking out this resource if you’re concerned:
Personally, I’ve tried Blue Ice Fermented Cod Liver Oil before the report came out and after. I haven’t noticed any changes. The product still offers numerous benefits for me.
How to Take Green Pastures Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil
One bottle of Blue Ice Royal Blend Fermented Cod Liver Oil w/ Concentrated Butter Oil contains 120 capsules.
You can dose Blue Ice however you’d like to. For me, I take four capsules a day with meals.
I take two after breakfast and another two after dinner. Basically, I get two capsules every 12 hours.
If you’re going to invest in Blue Ice Royal Blend Fermented Cod Liver Oil w/ Concentrated Butter Oil, I’d recommend taking at least three a day. Three pills will ensure you notice some type of benefit. 1-2 a day may not.
Best Fish Oil I’ve Found: Blue Ice Cod Liver Oil Review
There’s thousands of fish oil products available. Most of them do nothing. I’ve tried them.
Instead of wasting money on inferior, cheap products – test out Blue Ice Royal Blend Fermented Cod Liver Oil w/ Concentrated Butter Oil.
I’m willing to wager you’ll find noticeable health benefits, like improved joint health and increased energy levels. I know I did.Sermon Summary: John 20:21-23
We all face the same choice that Adam first faced: Will you let God rule your life, live in the beautiful Garden-of-Eden of his blessing and have eternal life? Or, will you reject God’s kingship, live in the wilderness apart from him and perish? The cross of Christ presents that choice most clearly. At the cross the full radiance of God’s love was displayed and so were the true dimension of human wickedness – will you have Jesus, the King of Love, as your King? Or will you reject his love, depose him and sit yourself down in his place on the throne of your heart?
In these verses from John 20, when Jesus sends the disciples out he is sending the Church to fill every part of human existence with this same truth: With Christ as King there is life, beauty, goodness and truth, but without his Lordship there is nothing but emptiness and destruction. The Church’s mission then – understood in the fullest sense (and pictured fully in Rev. 21) – is to order the whole of creation to this truth, condemning all evil and utilising every part of human ingenuity to order the world to the praise of God. The purpose of that mission is for the world to see that everything that is good, true or beautiful comes from the throne of Christ, while anything that rejects his rule ends up in destruction, misery and ruin. We call this the ministry of reconciliation because it reflects Jesus’ own mission to reconcile all things to God through himself. (Col 1:20)
This understanding of the mission of the Church leads directly the idea of vocation. Vocation is the call that God makes to every Christian to fulfill some part of that big mission. Since God’s plan is to fill every part of human experience with this truth, God gives each Christian unique gifts, (interests, skills, passions and spiritual gifts) and places each of us in different situations. Every Christian has a duty to use their gifts to condemn evil and order the world to the praise of God. As each person takes up their role, God’s glory flows into the world in unique and powerful ways, presenting the truth of the cross ever more clearly, using every voice in creation to proclaim the Gospel to every tribe and tongue and nation. This call comes to all Christians, in every part of their life and at all stages of life.
This is a life-giving and freedom-imparting truth: It’s true that the Christian life is meant to take effort, we are meant to strive at it, fighting evil and using our gifts to best of our ability, but God doesn’t actually expect each of us to be good at everything, or for us all to conform to a one fixed idea of the perfect Christian life. Each of us has different gifts and callings, and that’s not just “OK”, it’s really beautiful! (Like a temple made of precious stones!) Since God builds us together into a temple for his Spirit, not only do we display God’s glory more clearly, but we actually know him and enjoy him more as we fulfil our vocation.You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
Filing for consumer bankruptcy is one of the ways to tackle all unpaid debt at one time and finally be rid of the constant creditor calls. Yet, it's not something to leap into carelessly. If you have other available options, you really should look into all of them, once you've educated yourself concerning the benefits and drawbacks of bankruptcy. Nobody hopes to declare bankruptcy. But then, no one really wants to have trouble with consumer debt. So, a circumstance that is all too common is a condition of out of hand consumer debt in need of an answer; and often consumer bankruptcy is this solution. Changes have actually been made to make an effort to ensure that it is much harder for anyone to declare bankruptcy; yet there are a myriad of people every year in the US who use this option.
On the subject of actions of this scale, it's essential to be informed about the subject, so do your research and think about the important points. This informative article provides an in depth look at exactly what a consumer bankruptcy proceeding actually involves, like a thorough account of the benefits and drawbacks. When you understand a bit more about the consumer bankruptcy process, we will take a look at the assorted bankruptcy alternatives in Blackville, South Carolina that you might be wise to check out.
Inquiry from Denise D. in Blackville, South Carolina: "Just what is bankruptcy plus how does it give good results?"
To be familiar with consumer bankruptcy, there are several things that you should know. Bankruptcy is an alternative for any individual or company who's sinking in debt. There are many different methods to declare bankruptcy inside of each of the groups of person and organization. When it comes to consumer bankruptcy, the vast majority of individuals are going to use Chapter 7 or Chapter 13.
While consumer bankruptcy can not be outlined in a fast phrase, the fundamental idea is summarized as a procedure allowing consumers to get rid of thousands of dollars of unresolved financial obligations that they'll never hope to repay. This process is monitored by a consumer bankruptcy judge and calls for a bit of input with each of the debt collectors that the filer has had contact. If you are still thinking of consumer bankruptcy after learning about the thorough discussions that will take place concerning your astounding debts, then you'll want to find out more about Chapters 7 and 13.
An introduction to Chapter 7
Chapter 7 consumer bankruptcy is also known as "straight bankruptcy" and "liquidation." Considering that it may involve the seizure or forfeiture of substantial amounts of personal property, it is often thought to be a final option by bankruptcy filers and their families.
Yet, when you are in critical times, you may well be ready to take desperate measures to get a number of bad debts forgiven (e.g. medical debts, legal judgments , credit card bills, and so on.). Debts related to your house, vehicle and various other property and assets won't be forgiven via this approach. To settle these obligations, your consumer bankruptcy judge might authorize the seizure of the properties and assets they're attached to.
Once you have concluded the straight bankruptcy process and have had all of your debts satisfied, you can start thinking of the future. You can still be ready to feel the unwanted effects of consumer bankruptcy proceedings for a long time after you've finalized this process.
Essential Things to Think About
Now, just what are the primary benefits of liquidation? You can get rid of the majority of the debt. Liquidation will help to make sure that all unsecured obligations are addressed. After that you can handle your secured debts by surrendering assets.
Needless to say, you won't want to give up any of your valuable assets, but will discover the worth in doing it. However, there are some valuable assets that are more significant to your lifestyle than others. For these, you will frequently have an opportunity of proclaiming them as "asset exemptions" according to federal and state governing laws and regulations. The notion of Chapter 7 Blackville, South Carolina consumer bankruptcy filing isn't to add to your fiscal troubles. When talking about exemptions, consideration will be given to those assets that you need to maintain and support yourself (for example, family vehicle, retirement funds, part of homestead, a little bit of money, and so on.). When it comes to those exemptions, however, each state is unique.
When you are prepared to take responsibility for keeping up to date on repayments, you might also be able to "reaffirm" secured responsibilities including your mortgage loan and vehicle note. The valuable assets which are essential to the successes of your daily routine can be maintained this way.
The biggest thing to learn regarding Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy is that it offers you the ability to start over and rebuild. With that, as desirable as the concept of starting over is, it isn't easy and it's going to take a lot of time and compromise.
Based on the disadvantages of Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy, you may decide it's not worth the cost. You'll lose most of your belongings. All your treasured possessions, real estate property and non-retirement personal savings shall be lost to this method.
Manyexpenses will not be forgiven with straight bankruptcy. Examples of things you are going to still have to pay may include child support, alimony, property tax expenses and student loans. You've also got to wait ten years for this to come off of the consumer credit report. It is much more difficult to be approved for financial loans and consumer credit, to get jobs and to lease or purchase a house with that on your credit.
It's also wise that you be alert to the fact that a bankruptcy proceeding in any form is common public record. Thus, if you're worried about having your case widely known and on display for anybody who wishes to find it, that is something to take into account. This includes potential future business employers, recruiters, lenders and other significant parties.
What you must Understand about Chapter 13
One thing you will need to learn about Chapter 13 is, naturally, the language. A word used to talk about Chapter 13 is "reorganization." There are a lot of things which will make Chapter 13 reorganization look like a more sensible choice than Chapter 7 liquidation; but there are various ways that it compares less beneficially.
Reorganization is very unlike liquidation, which forgives obligations. Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy is what permits a lot of people to pay off their debts off with time after they've been restructured into a much more manageable strategy.
This involves the guidance of a bankruptcy judge and also the agreement of your creditors. A Blackville, South Carolina bankruptcy case typically gains advantage from talks with collectors concerning the length of repayment , interest rates, principal amount and guaranteed on time payments. With regards to secured debts, this strategy will not involve them. You will be investing considerable time and effort into the approach through the subsequent 3 to 5 years, and you need to get started inside of 45 days of being okayed by a judge to do this.
Advantages and Disadvantages
The good thing about this strategy lies in your ability to retain the greater part of your precious assets. Reorganization is usually seen and presented as a 2nd chance at financial stability, whereas Chapter 7 liquidation is often viewed as losing. There is also the additional benefit of the ability to pay back the unsecured obligations for a reduced sum than is owed.
Obviously, we can't ignore the simple fact that Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy features its own shortcomings, also. Bankruptcy, obviously, being open public record helps make this method just as bad as Chapter 7 liquidation concerning credit and prospects. This one is merely on the report for 7 years though; although during that time, you are going to struggle to obtain consumer credit or lending products.
Perhaps you could prevent declaring Consumer Bankruptcy via Refinancing Your House!
HARP is a program that many homeowners are eligible. The letters stand for Home Affordable Refinance Program and exactly like it appears, it enables you to re-finance your house loan with less expensive rates of interest and payment amounts. Once you are saving some funds and in a position to send that cash to monthly bills, you might find that you don't need to file for bankruptcy at all.
Many people try debt consolidation with the value off their houses, and although it may be worth thinking about, you'll find many negative aspects for this approach.
Alternative Option Number 2: What you Should Be Aware of Regarding Debt Consolidation
Borrowers that don't hope to contend with a ruined credit rating or the forfeiture of a substantial portion of their property might look into a well-known option: consolidation. These distinctive lending options can pay off current unsecured responsibilities, like credit cards, soon after they're disbursed. In exchange, the borrower consents to make regular month-to-month installments to their debt consolidation lender.
Prior to choosing that approach according to 1st views, you'll want to consider all the down sides, too. Skipping a single payment might place your account in default . Naturally, that could result in terrible impacts on your credit score.
A bigger detail to pay attention to is the fact that you will not meet the criteria if your current credit is not really good. Typically, loan companies won't give those lifelines to individuals who don't possess strong credit scores. When your credit score is under 630, it's going to be tough to obtain a debt consolidation loan without paying through the roof interest rates.
Consumer Debt Negotiation: A Blackville, South Carolina Consumer Bankruptcy Proceedings Substitute
Fortunately, there exists another Blackville, South Carolina bankruptcy alternative that will not come with a minimal credit rating requirement: debt negotiation. Although bankruptcy proceedings are public information, debt negotiation is not; and this can make this a very attractive alternative for many who are put off by the idea of making their personal information accessible for everyone to look at. Even though it will certainly temporarily have an effect on your credit score just like consumer bankruptcy, it won't be "exposed" to possible future hiring managers, landlords or organizations that run background checks.
It's a fantastic means for decreasing the overall sum of financial debt which you owe without needing to resort to Chapter 13 reorganization.
In contrast to consumer bankruptcy proceedings, though, it can take only 2 to 4 years to finish and won't stick to your credit report for years. Additionally you will not have to think about having multiple monthly installments to your current collectors: The consumer debt negotiation approach consolidates your debt into a simple-to-coordinate monthly payment over which you have complete control.
Take the Next Step To Be Free Of Debt
Maybe you have at long last arrived at where you know for sure that you need help with what you owe, but you are uncertain of exactly where to go. There is an excellent probability that you could locate far better solutions beyond consumer bankruptcy. At this stage, you are likewise probably aware that you should gather more information to help make a well-informed decision. That is why we've recorded and defined the various consumer bankruptcy proceedings solutions, which include debt negotiation services, for your benefit. You may want to fill out the zero-commitment contact form to receive qualified professional assistance with your own debt situation. Our consumer debt negotiation authorities will be ready for those who would prefer to chat live on your cell phone. Simply give us a call: 1+(855)375-6700!This was the first year we offered the SNAP-Up Challenge. The purpose of the Challenge was to engage the community and get as many organizations involved as possible in helping connect their community members and neighbors to food resources such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP). It’s estimated that more than 800,000 Coloradans are at risk of hunger—from children to seniors. SNAP provides an average of $137 per person for a qualifying family to purchase additional groceries that meet their family’s dietary needs. This money helps to provide meats, dairy, fresh fruits and vegetables that may be otherwise costly and out of a family’s budget.
Many organizations including non-profit organizations, food pantries, health centers, and more, stepped up to the Challenge to learn how to offer SNAP to their community.
These organizations participated in a 3 month SNAP-Up Challenge to either refer folks to our state-wide hotline to receive assistance with SNAP or to take on signing people up for SNAP themselves at their own locations.
We are very happy to announce that so many more families were connected with SNAP through all the participating agencies hard work and dedication to ensure families receive SNAP benefits.
During the Challenge, sites worked with families who were very thankful for the extra help the agencies could offer. A mother of 2 who had recently lost her job was able to sign up for SNAP with the help of an agency employee, saving her time and energy and a trip to the county office. Other families were helped by calling the hotline and finding out where the closest site to them offering SNAP application assistance was located.
The SNAP-Up Challenge will be coming to you next February and will be helping bring families additional food resources that can help to lift them out of poverty or prevent them from having to choose between paying rent or buying groceries.
Below are a few pictures of the sites that helped connect the community to SNAP during this year’s 2013 Challenge. Great work!
Amanda Garrad, Food Assistance Program Manager, Hunger Free Colorado.Adelaidesouthaustralia.net
Adelaidesouthaustralia is ranked 5,503,548 in the United Kingdom. 'Adelaide South Australia - The Adelaide SA business website.'
5,503,548Rank in United Kingdom
6,313,904Worldwide Rank
Last Updated: 13/11/2017 . Estimated data, read disclaimer.
Visitors
Content
Server
Topics: Accommodation, Agriculture And Manufacturing, Animals And Pets, Arts And Entertainment, Automotive, and Education And Learning.
- Popular pages
- catering.adelaidesouth.. Catering Adelaide South Australia - Adelaide Catering Sth Australia
- computer-repair.adelai.. Computer Repair Adelaide South Australia - Computer ..
- kitchens.adelaidesouth.. Kitchens Adelaide South Australia
- bathroom-renovations.a.. Bathroom Renovations Adelaide - Bathroom Boys - Adelaide Bathroom ..
The site has about 40 users daily, viewing on average 2.20 pages each.Links
- Links out
- computertroubleshooter.. Computer Troubleshooters | Onsite PC Computer Repair & Support
- ctnorwood.technology-s.. Computer Repair in Norwood - Adelaide, SA | Computer Repair
- ctmileend.technology-s.. Computer Repair in Mile End - Adelaide, SA | Computer Repair
- australianwarheroes.co.. Australian War Heroes - Australian War Memorial Song.
It has 4 nameservers, including ns2.dnsexit.com, ns3.dnsexit.com, and ns4.dnsexit.com. It is hosted by Ipg Makati, using Apache/2 web server. Its local IP address is 124.107.40.10.
IP: 124.107.40.10
Web Server: Apache/2
Encoding: utf-8
A ping to the server is timed at 238 ms.After The Renaissance
Text: Ivan Ruhle Images: David Capra
On September the 15th 2011, I flew to Europe in order to walk around and see the sites. On my first day in the continent I met an artist named David Capra. I soon discovered that David was from Sydney also. This coincidental regional bond was soon replaced with a greater, more meaningful solidarity based on shared interests such as the illustrator Saul Steinberg and the delight and melancholy of community work. I was also interested in David’s art, he told me that he was interested in prophecy and mysticism, topics I do not understand, and he made images and objects that were an uncanny combination of gentleness and contained chaos.
Now it is September the 27th and Mr Capra and I have traveled to Nizza Monferrato in Northern Italy where we will visit with his family while staying at their ancestral vineyard.
The following conversation occurred after breakfast.
Ivan Ruhle: You and I can see the building clearly, as we’re standing in front of it, but I was wondering if you could describe your family’s vineyard for the readers.
David Capra: Well, it’s called the l’Annunziata (The Annunciation). It’s a little like Italy’s version of the Tara plantation in Gone with the Wind, isn’t it? These tall white columns appear fat and overgrown from all the fine cheese and wine it’s been consuming. Can you see the cherubim painted crudely on the frieze going all around the building? Well, these look like Disney characters now (my nonna tells me that got them touched up in the 80s) yet, they were initially painted in the fine tradition of the old Italian masters. The little garden used to be kept by my Zia who was usually found here with her cat sitting on her lap. Sadly, she nor the cat won’t be found here today, which I will explain later.
IR: I was struck by the classicism of the vineyard’s homestead and those big, bulbous Doric columns that frame the balconies. This made me think of your sculpture, which often feature what seem like half-remembered classical features. I was wondering if your time in Italy has had an impact on your imagination?
DC: Yes, certainly did. What stayed with me most was how much of Italy felt the need to yield to the decorative. I wasn’t prepared for the extent of it; even plain walls in Geneva are painted to resemble classical relief features, like a theme park, almost to justify its existence. I really enjoyed this and would find it quite funny, especially when they were imbued with the spiritual, say a saint’s hip bone displayed in an ornate glass construction. I guess my work is a mixture of my own off-centre humor and my need to make things ornamental.
IR: I was interested to learn that scholars think the Ancient Greeks first built all their temples from wood. Eventually there was a transition where the wood was exchanged for stone. This is referred to as petrification as though the wooden temples were literally petrifying. Your sculpture often combines solid, prefigured elements such as vases and figurines with soft, mutable materials. Is it important to you that your materials remain open to change?
DC: Really, I did not know this! A recent work I made was formed out of a decorative base taken from a souvenir of a Greek mythical character. It was given to me by my nonna in two parts so I could repair it with my good super glue. She doesn’t know as yet that they formed the basis of two works. I fashioned plasticine on top of this small plinth. It resembled a floral bouquet, and for me, was like making tangible the weight of a mystical exchange. Last time I was in Italy, I stayed in a Franciscan monastery (I knew one of the monks there. My great-grandmother had paid for his ordination 50 years ago) where I witnessed a meditative approach to working with objects. My work embraces craft practices in a similar way. My work does undergo a transformation: once finished, they may fall apart or gather dust. I see my sculptures acting as props, always taking on a new and different function, made to serve an imaginary purpose.
IR: You mention that your sculptures serve as props for an imaginary purpose. I was wondering what this purpose might be?
DC: It does depend on the object, I have been making watercolours of late and cutting them into small banners and flags. I spin with them in my performances. I also made ‘Prayers for Sausage Dog’, covered in plasticine gems, which is made to spin, having no real function at all. It is evident a conflict exists between the artist and the work I create; I often feel pressure to make work that serves a purpose. Often I work with materials I find completely unappealing so they don’t get in the way too much. ‘Victory Helmet’ was made of a large paper floral bouquet stuck onto a bike helmet. This was bought by a collector who has told me they put on my head covering when feeling heavy and parade up and down the house proclaiming victorious declarations. I like imagining my work becoming a natural part of someone’s day, in a crazed sort of way.
IR: One thing that has struck me about Nizza Monferrato is that it is a real working person’s village. The vineyards come right to the very edge of the town centre. What do you think the working class hero Gene Kelley would have done while he was here?
DC: Well, I could imagine him being employed by my Zia to pick the grapes, swinging around the poles and later followed by a tap routine handing out gelatos in the town square to the children. My dances usually act more as spiritual warfare in the form of improvised inspired intercessory and prophetic dance, yet I do take notes from Mr Kelly frequently. Last time I was here I undertook a dance that seemed to start off a chain of events- events that cover me with a blanket of guilt, making me feel queasy. It started like this: I was below in the vineyard house late at night watching something on television and a musical interlude lead me to do this wild dance while everyone was asleep. Except the family cat, who got such a fright that it ran out the window. Days passed and the cat still hadn’t been found, until someone went for a walk and found it dead by a footpath. It was not acquainted to the night and I fear it died because it felt it couldn’t face my exuberant body movements. A few months later my Zia died, I hope not from loneliness, as that cat was her closest companion. I do hope my family don’t read this.
IR: We’ve been eating big, three course, espresso capped lunches since we arrived here in Nizza Monferrato, and it’s about lunchtime right now. I know that dancing is important to the way you make art. Do you think that, similar to lunch, there is a specific time of the day that people should dance?
DC: I think I should make it clear I am not a professional dancer, yet I think people should dance every chance they have. Back at home I have just moved into a new studio, an open-plan office space, still with dividers in place. There is not much privacy, so I am not sure how comfortable I will be dancing in front of the other artists. It is something I do quite a bit in the studio to keep my energy levels up, build momentum and process my thoughts. Kermit the Frog says, “I’ve got a dream too, but it’s about singing and dancing and making people happy. That’s the kind of dream that gets better the more people you share it with.” I find that so simple and delightful. It really resonates with me.
IR: You told me before you came over to Europe that you were working on a project in Five-Dock. Could you reveal more?
DC: It’s a 25 meter permanent work on the facade of Five Dock library. My own motifs were laser cut onto holographic material and dispersed across the windows. It was really strange seeing doodlings I made in notebooks be reproduced on that scale. The designs are delicate, yet quite eccentric. Some resemble airborne floral machines, gemstones, invented languages and billowing union jakes. They seem to cause people to daydream, as you naturally shift your vision between the windows, animating the view outside.
IR: Could you imagine staging a similar project in Italy, which as you have
pointed out, is a great tapestry of ornamentation and public art?
DC: I think Italy’s sites have so much potential for artists to work with yet it is difficult to make things happen here and contemporary practices are not widely supported. Imagine working within the catacombs or the Villa Borghese, the incredible home of the Borghese family filled with Bernini’s white marble work? Or imagine performing in the Vatican? I think if I had the chance I would do something along those lines. I am about to curate a project with Parramatta Artists Studios, where contemporary artists (including myself) are designing ecclesiastical banners to be displayed in churches in Parramatta. I am particularly looking forward to working with the church craft group.
IR: We’ve encountered quite a few saints on our travels. I would be interested to know your thoughts on the more mystical aspects of sainthood.
DC: When I was staying at the monastery last time, I kept asking myself what a saint would look like today. I would sit and read from their library of accounts of Saint Francis doing a naked jig before the Pope, saints flying in the air or escaping padlocked cells. I was hoping I would encounter something similar, yet was a little disappointed. (I have one memory of bidding everyone good night at the monastery and spotted that they were all watching CSI dubbed in Italian). I have been doing research and have found brilliant stories of missionaries dodging bullets and being rescued by angels disguised as truckies wearing flannelette in four-wheel drives, just like a Touched By An Angel episode. Or the 1920s Christian missionary Sadhu Sundar Singh, who is said to have met a 300 year-old man who lived in a cave at the foothills of the Himalayas, who spent his time in states of ecstasy, interceding for the world through prayer and having his food delivered, serviced by angels. Some believe Sadhu went to go live in this cave too as his body has never been found. I have also been hearing about this ecstatic lady in Indonesia who was asked to not take communion anymore as a she would make such a spectacle each service, people were coming far and wide to see her. The priest told her she could only sit quietly in the back seat. In one service the communion bread flew out of the Priest’s grip and landed in her mouth where she was sitting at the other end of the church.
David Capra
Next story: Icy Poles And Sausage Rolls – Brett Redman
Microsoft Outlook
By Microsoft Corporation
This app is only available on the App Store for iOS devices..
What's New in Version 2.56.0
All of our weekly updates include performance improvements and bug fixes to make Outlook better for you.
Feel free to send us any comments or question through our in-app support in Settings, we’d love to hear from you.
Screenshots
Customer Reviews
A gem marred by fundamental problems
This app is superior to the built in iOS Calendar and Mail apps in almost every way. And yet I use it infrequently, only when I really need its capabilities. I’d love to use it exclusively. So why don’t I? Three big reasons. (1) it’s slow to start. When I open Mail, it’s always there. No load time. When I open Outlook, I can wait 1-3 seconds for the darn thing to load if it hasn’t been active recently. That’s a drag. (2) what’s worse, the messages are not auto downloaded. So I open the app, then wait for 5-10 seconds or pull down to refresh and wait 5 seconds to see new messages. What? Why?! (3) minor... but I’d like to have calendar and mail separately so I can look up my calendar while responding to an email.
Microsoft, please, please solve at least issues 1 and 2 and I will happily carry the banner of Outlook for iOS. Until then you are just upsetting me but giving me such a fantastic app that I can’t use effectively due to these major flaws.
This has been a lifesaver!!
I live in a disaster area where the entire grid and infrastructure was wiped out several months ago. To pile problems on, the large corporation I work for decided this would be a good time to update their security causing me to lose access to my email were it not for the fact that I had this program onboard my cell phone. Three months after the storm we still do not have Internet or power in most places and only one reliably working cell phone provider. If it were not for 4G and programs like this one I would have no access to the outside world and my business would not be functioning
Clicking on email notification doesn't bring you to email
2.56.0 update: Drafts section doesn’t show any drafts from my hotmail email that show up in the desktop interface.
2.56.0: cannot attach multiple photos at once in an email
Overall the app is clean and good. The Yahoo email app "shies" in comparison to this app. I wanted to delete the yahoo email app and just keep this app since it can add the yahoo account to it. But the first negative thing I noticed is that I tried to search for a receipt and it wouldn't return any results. I used the same keywords in the yahoo app and it worked fine. I guess this is a kink I encountered.
Con:
-I hate that when I switch apps and then switch back, the opened email window goes back to the main menu and I have to dig back through the email thread to find it
-Whenever I receive a notification about an email, I clicked on it and it brings me to a page that says that it cannot find that email
- Free
- Category: Productivity
- Updated: Dec 18, 2017
- Version: 2.56.0
- Size: 210 MB
- Apple Watch:
- Seller: Microsoft Corporation
- © 2015 Microsoft Inc.
Compatibility: Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.The Inzii retrieval systems are specifically designed to perform with today's non-bladed trocars by facilitating tissue extraction through small linear defects. The innovative guide bead provides the ability to easily reopen and close the bag, while the extra-large opening eases specimen delivery into the bag. Offering versatility, durability and ease of use, the Inzii retrieval systems maximize specimen security during tissue removal.
Minimizes the need for large ports and enhances versatility
Maximizes working space and port introduction options
Eases specimen delivery into bag
Eases specimen security and minimizes risk of contamination
Aids in specimen extraction through small linear defects
Allows reopening and closure of bag
Brochure | Inzii Retrieval SystemsVIEW REORDER INFORMATIONIn 1860 Thomas Ustick Walter purchased a lot at the corner of High and Morton Streets, in Germantown, one of Philadelphia’s most attractive suburbs. He designed a substantial Italianate-style villa and began supervising construction long-distance from his home in Washington. His plan was to retire to Germantown after his work at the Capitol was complete. The coming of the war and the cessation of the public works in Washington altered those plans. After hastily getting his wife and six-year old son, Gardiner, out of Washington in April 1861, he rented a house in Germantown where he could oversee the construction of his residence himself. To outfit his own home, Walter employed several of the (now unemployed) contractors with whom he had worked on the Capitol. These included marble suppliers Rice, Heebner & Co.; stained glass artist, John Gibson, iron suppliers, Janes, Fowler, Kirtland & Co., and decorative artist, Constantino Brumidi. Walter moved his family into the new house in December 1861.
Walter Residence in Germantown, Morton & High Streets
Mounted Albumen Photograph
c. 1865
Walter Collection, The Athenaeum of Philadelphia
Walter Residence in Germantown, Morton & High Streets
Side Elevation
Thomas U. Walter, Architect
Watercolor Rendering on Whatman Paper
October 27, 1860
Walter Collection, The Athenaeum of PhiladelphiaI have a little mini happy dance to share... its so tiny that I had a really hard time getting a proper picture of it... this one isn't the greatest, but you can see it :O)
this is the R.I.P freebie by the Stitcherhood (available if you click here). I stitched it up on Halloween night, and was a fun little stitch.
I'm not sure what I'm going to actually do with it, as it turned out so tiny... but I think I may restitch it and make it bigger. This one is stitched over one on 25ct moss green lugana - the picture definitely doesn't do it justice as the colour of the fabric doesn't come through...
Now on the the challenges... the first one is the Christmas Ornament Challenge... both Barbi and I joined this one being held by BeckySC, and basically you stitch Christmas ornaments starting November 1 through to December 31, 2011. I'm hoping by joining this I will be able to actually stitch up some ornaments ahead of time and not leave them till the last minute like I always tend to do...
However, I'm thinking it maybe a bit more difficult than I originally thought, as I'm not quite in the Christmas mood yet, and have an urge to stitch fall and Halloween themed things right now (yes I know I'm a bit late with the Halloween stuff, but there is always next year!) But I guess that is part of the challenge!
The second challenge, and again both Barbi and I are going to give this a shot is NaBloPaMo or National Blog Posting Month... we are going to try and post on our blogs every day for the month of November! I've seen lots of bloggers do this through out the years, and have always wanted to give it a shot, but have never jumped in before. Well this year is the year! wish me luck, and I hope I won't bore you to tears with my posts... Hmmm I could try and catch up on the photohunt challenge I started earlier this year and sort of fell way behind on, as a way to keep the posts going... but we'll see... So far so good! I'm 2 for 2!!
23 perce
2 megjegyzés:
oooo I love this little stitch that you did! I'm going to grab it for next year!
We can do BOTH challenges! It's only day 2 on them...don't give up yet! LOL
What a cute little Halloween stitching! It's beautiful! Good luck on both of your challenges! Happy stitching!
Megjegyzés küldéseTo live a godly life, may sound like a serene and possibly dull existence. It may appear that way from a distance. This is much like looking at a snow-covered mountain from a peaceful valley on a sunny day. You only need to start climbing to discover how rugged and harsh the beautiful mountain is. To get close to the mountain and begin your ascent is increasingly physical and emotional. It is full of risk and careful discernment.
We are called to climb higher and stretch to the limits of our love for God and man.
C.S. Lewis said,.[1]
In Jesus’ humanness we discover a pattern for how we may love—starting with a childlike heart for Abba. The purity of Jesus’ love is fatal to our unregenerate self. Once we have become infected, we will surely die. In our death, we find ourselves waking to something new and inexplicably more than anything found in our previous existence. Outwardly wasting away and inwardly coming to life…
The older I get, the more fully emotionally I hope to be. I want to cry more and laugh more. I want to learn how to be angry without sin and empathize more. I expect to be discouraged and to take hope. More loving and less afraid…
Jesus' emotions are like a mountain river, cascading with clear water. My emotions are more like a muddy foam or feeble trickle. Jesus invites us to come to him and drink. Whoever is thirsty and believes in him will have the river of his life flowing out from the innermost being (John 7:37-38). We are not to be merely spellbound by what we see in the emotional Jesus; we are to be unbound by his Spirit so that his life becomes our life, his emotions our emotions, to be "transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory."[2]
[2] G. Walter Hansen,back replacement for iPhone 3G, where to get?
umm, i live in new zealand, and this country is slow in technology, so there is no place here i can get the back housing for the iPhone 3G. I was wondering where i can good quality housing from america?
Is this a good question? [ 1 ] Illinois [ 2 ] Virginia Category Event Marketing Type Jobs [ 4 ] Full Time Level Jobs [ 4 ] Experienced Sort By Newest Relevance Closest 4 Event Marketing Jobs Get more jobs like this by email. Create Job Alert Marketing Manager Chicago, Illinois RCN 5 Days Ago Client Logo Client Logo Field Marketer San Francisco, California Sendwithus 1 Week Ago Client Logo Client Logo Client Logo Marketing Coordinator Alexandria, Virginia NACS 2 Weeks Ago Client Logo Client Logo Marketing Manager Alexandria, Virginia NACSMini pastel: 6003 years to 99 years
- Price:
- £16.00
- was £20.00
Suitable for: Teamwork, Peer interaction, Keeping occupied, Family altogether, Construction, and Art
The Plus Plus mini pastel 600 set comprises 600 pieces in five neon five pastel shades
- Piece dimensions:
- 20(w) x 12(h) x 4(d)mm
Why we love this toy:
Totally absorbing.Farewell Pearl River! 8 Stylish Bargains to Snag Before the Chinese Shopping Emporium Closes vogue.com by LYNN YAEGER APRIL 10, 2015 4:40 PM
It is December 24, and it is snowing. Too late for Internet shopping, too sad to look for gifts at Duane Reade! You’re broke, but you are a person of taste, and refinement, and people expect a great present from you! What do you do?
For 23 years, New Yorkers have found the answer to this dilemma at Pearl River Mart in SoHo, three floors crammed with velvet slippers, brocade change purses, miso soup spoons, painted chests, parasols, paper fans, and things you never knew you—or your friends—wanted: a set of penguin tea cups? A cartoon dog lamp?
Or maybe it isn’t Christmas, it is spring-cleaning time, and you are in desperate need of something to hide the junk that has accumulated in your studio apartment. (Well, that is my idea of spring cleaning . . . ) Pearl River has a room divider, and it’s six feet tall and gorgeous and printed with graceful bamboo stalks. And just because you love them, and they put you in the mood for the Met’s upcoming exhibition, “China: Through the Looking Glass,” why not blow $16.50 on a pair of satin slip-ons decorated with dragons?
Now this wonderful emporium, a beloved New York City landmark, is closing, another victim of skyrocketing neighborhood rents. Believe it or not, their current rent of more than $100,000 a month is purportedly being raised to more than half a million dollars. (Who could imagine that lacquer chopsticks and bamboo bird cages would add up to $100,000 a month?)
The Pearl River website is still alive and kicking, and store owners say they are searching for another location. Which is a very good thing—you never know when you will just have to have a take-out-container-shaped purse, or a scarlet lantern, or maybe—splurge!—a $295 handmade gong with a mallet. Bang it slowly: RIP, Pearl River in SoHo.
See original article at:Steven Stark Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Joshua Garber Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Millicent Hoffman Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Adam Nagreski Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Chad Degroot Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Mark Schiff Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Nicholas Harned Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Joseph Tylutki Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Fielden Fleming Employment Lawyer for Glen Ellyn, IL
Useful Resources
- Board Resolution Approving Sale Of Restricted Stock
- Land Contract Form
- Rental Agreement Form
- Chapter 13 Bankruptcy
- How to Patent Something
- How to Patent an Invention
More Glen Ellyn Attorneys
- Glen Ellyn Business Attorneys
- Glen Ellyn Securities Attorneys
- Glen Ellyn Contract Attorneys
- Glen Ellyn Immigration Attorneys
- Glen Ellyn Franchise Attorneys
Nearby Attorneys
Glen Ellyn Employment Lawyers
Why use UpCounsel to hire a Glen Ell Employment Attorneys
Our experienced Glen Ell Glen Ell."Share on Whatsapp
A big-scale transfer from tobacco to e-cigarettes would minimize smoking-related deaths through 1 / 4 within the United States through 2100, even assuming the devices are themselves no longer risk-free, researchers mentioned Tuesday.
Scientists are nonetheless not sure concerning the doable harms of “vaping” instead to conventional cigarettes, even though maximum appear satisfied it’s a minimum of more secure.
Hypothesising that an e-cigarette carries handiest 5 % of the well being threat of the true McCoy, and that just a handful of other folks will nonetheless smoke tobacco through 2026, the researchers mentioned 6.6 million untimely deaths may well be averted through 2100.
This represented a 25-percent drop from the 26.1 million untimely deaths projected beneath the established order, with 19.three % of American males and 14.1 % of ladies smoking in 2016, the study confirmed.
Per smoker, this amounted to a mean acquire in existence expectancy of about 4 months, in accordance to findings revealed within the magazine Tobacco Control.
In a extra pessimistic situation which assumes that e-cigarettes include about 40 % of the danger of conventional smokes, some 1.6 million untimely deaths are have shyed away from, mentioned the analysis staff.
This works out to a mean existence expectancy acquire of just below a month consistent with individual.
A dying is notched up as untimely when an individual departs ahead of their anticipated age — say 75 or 80 relying at the nation — and is in most cases preventable via a more fit way of life.
Research is continuous into the hazards and advantages of e-cigarettes, with critics apprehensive the machine’s “safer” symbol will create a brand new technology of nicotine addicts and act as a gateway to conventional smoking.
But even beneath the researchers’ pessimistic situation, there have been “gains to a strategy that used e-cigarettes to reduce cigarette smoking,” study co-author David Levy of the Georgetown University Medical Centre in Washington instructed AFP.
The advantages had been “massive”, commented John Britton of the United Kingdom Centre for Tobacco & Alcohol Studies.
The findings, he mentioned by way of the Science Media Centre, “demonstrate the importance of embracing, rather than rejecting, the potential of this new generation of nicotine products.”
E-cigarettes, units that search to recreate the revel in of tobacco smoking through heating a liquid to free up a vapour this is inhaled like smoke, have exploded onto the marketplace in recent times.
An estimated seven million other folks in Europe by myself have taken up “vaping”.
According to the World Health Organization, tobacco kills up to part of its customers — greater than seven million other folks consistent with 12 months.
Of those, just about 1,000,000 are other folks uncovered to second-hand smoke.
Share on Whatsappin reply to DBD::CSV eats memory
Double thank :-)
Right now, I'm need to use only a driver of DBI for compatibility reason.
Thank a lot
A party
An organised event
A traditional gathering
With family and friends
Home alone
I don't celebrate the New Year
Adjusting my clocks for the Leap Second
I can't remember
Other
Results (186 votes). Check out past polls.Wyndham Star Weekly
Your community, your voice
Australian newspaper titles
Contact Wyndham Star Weekly
Social media
Can you help update this entry?
Do you know this newspaper’s mobile app details? Please add it to our directory.
Other information
Wyndham Star Weekly logo archive
This is a user-edited website. Thank you to Jake S for their edits on this page. See the changelog, or edit it yourself.Each step may seem to take forever, but no matter how uninspired you feel, continue to follow your practice schedule precisely and consistently. This is how we can use our greatest enemy, habit, against itself.
The future is now. It’s time to grow up and be strong. Tomorrow may well be too late.
Neil LaBute
Are You Too Young To Get Life, nobody is relying on your income.
Even though this line of thinking makes sense, at least at the present time, it’s important to turn your attention to the future.
No, you don’t have a spouse and/or children right now. And no, you don’t have many bills. But remember this: your life is sure to change as the years go by. This is reason enough to at least consider the purchase of coverage.
Buy Young, Save Money
Here’s the one thing you need to remember: the younger you purchase life insurance the less it will cost.
When a life insurance company reviews an application, one word comes to mind: risk. Taking this one step further, the biggest risk to a life insurance provider is death.
When you are young, there’s a better chance that you have many years ahead of you. This is in contrast to a consumer in his or her 60’s, who may be closing in on the end of their life.
Buying young means the life insurance company has more time to collect premiums. In the event of whole life insurance, this means you will pay a premium until the day you die. The younger you are the more payments you will make.
With term life insurance, the life insurance company is also in a good position. Since there’s a good chance you’ll outlive the policy, the insurer receives regular premium payments without ever having to pay out a death benefit.
Of course, it’s not all about the insurance company making out. As a consumer, buying young means that you’ll pay less money.
Since you’re many years away from the end of your life, insurers are more likely to offer you coverage at an affordable price.
Young Often Means Healthy
As you age, there’s a greater chance that you’ll face some type of health concern. And as you know, this isn’t something that’s good for an insurance company.
If a person has an increased risk of heart attack or stroke, which is typically the case among those who are in their 50’s and 60’s, insurance companies have no choice but to charge a higher premium. This is the only way to mitigate their risk.
Conversely, when you’re young, in your 20’s or 30’s, you’re probably as healthy as you’ll ever be. This means that insurance companies will charge you less for coverage.
If you can purchase a policy before health conditions arise, you’re going to save money. There’s no two ways about it.
Conclusion
If you’re young, it’s only natural to believe that you have time to purchase life insurance in the future. And while you do, this isn’t something you necessarily want to put off.
Generally speaking, you’re never too young to buy life insurance. With this in mind, now may be the time to review your finances, request quotes, and see what type of deal you can get on a policy.
About the Author
Tom Rojas specializes in life insurance. In particular he helps clients with Whole Life Insurance Quotes Online and Life Insurance for Non U.S. Citizens. Through his career he has helped hundreds of clients purchase life insurance.The dry oil, also Wild Fig and Grape, smells just as beautiful. I like body oils and have tried a few from different brands over the years but one thing I have noticed is that I prefer dry oils. I prefer an oil which you can spritz on yourself, as I find they are less messy and also last longer. The Palomo dry oil is a unique blend of luxurious oils and vitamin E which instantly absorb in to the skin. It can also be used as an intensive leave in conditioner, but I haven't braved that just yet! Like the perfume, the scent is strong but not overpowering. The scent of grape is the one which pulls through the most for me and the scent is also deeper, I think. I love how this makes my skin look and feel. I always feel like I am really pampering my skin when I use this and as if I am a proper grown up with proper grown up special product. It comes in a 50ml bottle with costs £15 and because a little goes a long way, and its in spray form, I think it's going to last a while. I will very happily repurchase this when it runs out.
These two beautifully scented products have made me feel content. They've reminded me of home and brought back happy memories (and utter longing to go back for a holiday) and I just cannot express how much I love them. I also adore the packaging. A simple and classic design which to me, is really attractive. I've also kept the little paper leaves on the bottles because I think they are so cute and such a nice touch. I see both of these being products I use and use over the Autumn and Winter months because the scents are just so perfect to bring a little bit of happiness to a cold and cosy day. I have also been looking at the gift sets from this range and have my eye on a couple as Christmas gifts for my mother dearest and sister-in-law. I know they will love them just as much as me!
can be interesting.. :)
I've seen Di Palomo in Fenwick and their Fig & Grape hand cream smells amazing and feels amazing, will probably pick it up when I'm next in xx
I've never heard of Di Palomo before but really enjoyed reading your post and want to give it a try! The packaging is so cute and the smell 'sounds' great as well :) x
@she.is.the.oneSorry, what can be interesting? :) xo
@AmyI'm going to have to look in to the hand cream! xo
@Fisi ♥Thank you :) I really love the packaging too! xo
You may post on the professional credentials for the blog owner. You could express it's outstanding. Your blog experience can springboard your click through.used exciusive cologne for menMost of you know the trials and tribulations of FuManBlue. For those that do not, let me just say that, In the heat of passion, he committed a heinous crime (started an emo whine thread). However, while in prison, he has proven himself to be a potentially valuable member of MGoSociety and displayed the potential to do great things.
As such, may it please the MGoCourt, I hereby respectfully request that we free FuManBlue from his shackles. With our help, may he go forth and prosper. Per Geaux_Blue's suggestion, FuManBlue will serve a probationary period during which time all of his new threads will have to include some sort of warning (e.g. "FuManBlue: _________").
In other words . . .
POS-BANG for FuManBlue
[EDIT: WE DID IT!]A GROUP of fund-raisers certainly proved their dedication to helping others by holding a charity bikini car wash.
The seven participants braved the very worst of the Bank Holiday weather to clean around 50 cars in their skimpy outfits and raise nearly a thousand pounds for Cancer Research UK.
The event, staged at the Bull’s Head in Astley, started as a joke comment on Twitter but quickly became more serious thanks to the support of an enthusiastic public.
Although only seven of the original 23 girls who were supposed to take part actually made it to the event, organiser Jamie Louise Abbott, who, together with friends Lauren Greenhalgh and Danielle Roberts was the driving force behind the event, was determined to make the fund-raising a success.
Jamie Louise, 22, said: “It went really well even though it was absolutely freezing. We raised about £500 on the day and we already had around £400 from just talking about it, so we’re only about £70 short of our initial target.
“The three of us were just joking on Twitter talking about how we could raise money, as Cancer Research is a cause very close to all of us, and we said if we were in America it would be alright to do a bikini car wash.
“Then loads of people started re-tweeting it, so we decided we should go ahead and do it.”
To sponsor the girls, visit
FULL STORY AND MORE PICTURES IN THE WIGAN EVENING POST (WEDNESDAY) ...Accommodation and Registration in Dortmund
Dortmund and surroundings offer you low priced living and different accommodation types - you will find here various dormitories and private apartments. How can you find a room for a reasonable price? Where to apply? How to register in the city and what should you keep in mind? Here you will find the answers!
Please note that the International Office does not have any accommodation service for the regularly enrolled students so you are in charge to find a suitable accommodation for the time of your studies!
However we gladly support you with our advice and information and prepared this site to help you with that issue..Thursday, October 10th
1) What did you consume?
Probably too much fruit? Two apples, a banana, and some strawberries. But you know what fruit's not? Pizza. So I've decided to care a little less about my fruit consumption. Also on the fruit front, I've gotten in the habit, when I am craving a dessert-like substance, of peeling and slicing up a peach, then microwaving it for 1 minute or so on the medium-high setting with a little stevia and a lot of cinnamon. It's like warm, gooey peach pie filling and it's delicious.
I also had two buffalo chicken egg muffins that we made a while ago and froze. Made for a good, fast lunch. We modified this recipe from Fast Paleo to include diced jalapenos and red peppers. We also didn't cook and shred our own chicken. Ain't nobody got time for that. We used the canned stuff from Sam's Club and it tasted great.
2) Were you active and what did you do?
Yes, I went to CrossFit and it was a great 7:30 group. The workout was 10 rounds of 10 overhead kettlebell swings, 15 situps and 20 double unders. The movements were definitely in my favor, but my superhero friend (that's you, Mac) murdered everyone. You couldn't even see the rope during her double unders.
3) Did you complete the lifestyle challenge and how did it feel?
I completed it to the dissatisfaction of all two of my loyal readers. I hope I am making up for it now.
4) Did you cheat/lie?
No. But I am cheating/lying as I am writing this, so tune in tomorrow.
5) How do you feel?
CHRISTMAS IS COMING! CHRISTMAS IS COMING! That's obviously false but exactly represents how I feel about the upcoming wedding this weekend. Just like Christmas, I've made a list, checking it twice, for my day of gluttony. It sits on a whiteboard outside of my office cube as a reminder of what I can look forward to. Here it is:
Also like Christmas, I have to remind myself not to cheat this close to the epic cheat day. "Christy, you can't buy that Barbie now, because what if santa gets it for you for Christmas?" That was exactly the mentality of the fiancé and I at dinner this week when the waiter waved the saliva-inducing dessert tray in front of us.
Cumulative deductions: 13“Weapons,” the first competition film I’ve seen, opens with the protagonist, played by Nick Cannon, getting half his head blown off. It’s another one of those films that plays the action backwards for no particularly good season, and pulls out all the familiar kids-gone-wild tropes in service of a tired revenge melodrama. You could tell it wasn’t playing well with the army of acquisitions executives on hand for the premiere at the Racquet Club. A sea of Blackberries started lighting up about 10 minutes in, followed by lots of walkouts. After making a series of terrible movies for the Weinsteins (“Bobby”), this was not a step up for poor Mr. Cannon.In today’s NBA, the No. 5 seed in a conference playoff bracket can be a very advantageous spot to occupy – prime real estate, so to say.
Your first-round opponent is likely to be the division champion with the poorest record. You can even, like this year’s Grizzlies, own the home-court advantage.
The second round would bring the top seed – often a squad constructed more for success over the course of a long season than for a short series, maybe thin on playoff experience and thus (by definition?) vulnerable.
The betting favorite (LBJ) and/or the defending champs, a team on the rise? Check the other side of the bracket.
In the East, the Wizards utilized Paul Pierce will (Game 1) and youthful backcourt skill (Game 2) to exploit their edge in “Been There, Done That.” They’ll attempt the same shell game in Round 2, presumably against the surprising Hawks.
Out West, Memphis and San Antonio actually tied for fourth, But Northwest Division champion Portland (with but one more victory than No. 7 Dallas) can, by rule, be seeded no lower than fourth. So instead of an opening-round slugfest with the Spurs – that duty’s been delegated to the Clippers – the Griz have drawn the Blazers, who seem never to have recuperated from the loss at the season’s three-quarter pole of steady wing Wes Matthews, a mere .500 team since then.
Not even a slow start, a first-half goose-egg from stud Zach Randolph, and a foot tweak to another point guard (Beno Udrih) could deter a double-digit half-time Memphis advantage in Game 2 last night. The Grizzlies executed Coach Dave Joerger’s offense with less than a ten-point lead for but five – count ‘em, FIVE – second half possessions in polishing off a rather pedestrian 97-82 pasting.
Old School Basketball 101 contends that a playoff series hasn’t really begun until the home team loses. If true, then 2015’s opening playoff homestands included 13 preliminary matches.
The Grizzlies’ 2013 run to the Conference Final keeps them well aware of the grind that is the NBA post-season. They will be looking to get things started for real during this weekend’s business trip.
Deuces may be Wild, Sevens and Elevens Lucky, but these Fives can be Deadly.I am one lucky girl… I don’t think I say that enough. LUCKY, I say! The reason? Because I get to talk to some awesome people, that’s why!
This week on the Popcorn Podcast, we had the privilege to speak to the fantastically talented Garfield Wilson!!! He was on one of my favorite, canceled… Shows, Almost Human. (still posses they canceled that…) He has been on many other shows too, which we discuss in detail.
He also sings to me! *SWOON* ok… Not directly to me, but since I was on the podcast, I am saying it was to me!!! What a gorgeous voice!!!
Cheers!
The Fatal Siren
Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadYou Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
Declaring bankruptcy is one of the ways to take care of all unpaid debts at once and finally eliminate the incessant creditor phone calls. However, it isn't anything to go into thoughtlessly. If you have other options, you'll want to look into all of them, once you've enlightened yourself concerning the benefits and drawbacks of consumer bankruptcy. Even though a bankruptcy declaration bears a significant stigma and can set you back in terms of your financial circumstances, credit score and private affairs by years, there are many good reasons you'd have to give it some thought. Declaring consumer bankruptcy isn't a straightforward choice or a straightforward course of action. There've been a number of reforms created in an attempt to cause the course of action to be harder and much less available. Even so, in desperation, countless people in the U.S. use this solution to deal with their insurmountable debts.
When it comes to moves of this scale, it's extremely important to be informed about the subject, so seek information and look at the important points. Concerning solutions to discover the pros and cons associated with bankruptcy, this is a good place to get started. You'll also learn about the consumer bankruptcy alternatives within Sanbornton, New Hampshire that you will want to consider.
The Very First Thing Sanbornton, New Hampshire Citizens must Understand about Consumer Bankruptcy: What is it?
Before you begin to truly give consideration to consumer bankruptcy proceedings, you've got to completely understand it; and that takes far more than a fast book explanation. To start with, you need to note that both people and organizations will be able to choose consumer bankruptcy as a way of getting out of debt. What lots of consumers and organizations do not understand is the fact that there are a few different methods to file for each of these wide categories. When it comes to consumer bankruptcy, the majority of folks are going to use Chapter 7 or Chapter 13.
Bankruptcy is largely helpful for the clients who've arrived at a level of consumer debt that cannot be feasibly resolved in a short time through other available options. It is normally a slow approach through which a consumer bankruptcy judge is taking accounts of your history from each of your creditors. There is a lot to consider when ever facing bankruptcy, and you will certainly need to know the advantages and disadvantages for each option before taking the next step.
"Straight Bankruptcy" (Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Proceedings)
Chapter 7 bankruptcy is also known as "straight bankruptcy" and "liquidation." Because it might require the forfeiture of substantial amounts of personal property, it is often viewed as a final resort by bankruptcy filers and their households.
The debt which might be forgiven through this method include any credit card debt, your medical bills, court judgments against you and personal loan expenses. Lots of debts can not be resolved by Chapter 7 and these include those that are related to your property and assets, like your vehicle and your residence. This is the part where you're more likely to forfeit personal property. To settle the outstanding debts which are related to your assets, those assets may be taken.
The liquidation approach is closed when all the debts have either been satisfied through forfeiture or simply forgiven. You should still expect to go through the adverse effects of bankruptcy proceedings for a long time after you have finished this process.
Fundamental Factors to Think About
Now, exactly what are the most important benefits associated with Chapter 7? A principal advantage is the way you are able to get rid of all, at least the great majority, of the personal debt. When you liquidate, virtually all of the unsecured financial debts are going to be forgiven. Through forfeiting the properties and assets to which they are linked, you will also put your secured debts behind you.
For all those assets that happen to be essential to your daily routine, you've got 'asset exemptions' authorized by federal and state governing bodies. Sacrificing almost all of your assets is a challenging blow; but remember that Chapter 7 Sanbornton, New Hampshire consumer bankruptcy filing is not meant to hold you on your knees or to stop you from obtaining increased fiscal autonomy later on. You may be allowed to have your retirement savings, some money, part of the home property and your vehicle. Several states will allow much more exemptions than others and your options will be reviewed with you before you decide to file.
Some of your secured expenses, like main means of travel as well as your house may be 'maintained if you're able to make the payments. This is the most effective way to keep a bit of your property.
Whenever you file Chapter 7 consumer bankruptcy, you're at square one, to begin your fiscal way of life over again. Still, the process of rebuilding your fiscal situation is not instant or easy. It's going to take lots of time and energy to get a new beginning.
Without a doubt, Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy has a number of crucial disadvantages. You're going to surrender much of your possessions. All of your valuable belongings, non-essential real estate property and even personal savings will be lost to this process.
Moreover, a number of responsibilities aren't going to be forgiven. For those who owe alimony, child support, school loans, property taxes and certain other debts, you will still be liable for these following the discharge of other responsibilities. You've furthermore got to wait a decade for it to come off of your credit. If you're looking to purchase real estate or obtain credit later on, this will be affected by Chapter 7 on your credit report.
Bankruptcy is public data, which is also important to take into account. Anybody can observe the details of your case which includes sensitive info when you file. Loan providers and potential business employers will be equipped to look at these details and are inclined to make decisions about what they find.
A look at Chapter 13
One other common sort of bankruptcy is Chapter 13 that is thought to be less destructive than Chapter 7 and aptly referred to as 'reorganization.' Your personal aims and problems determine which of those alternatives is good for you.
Whereas Chapter 7 provides forgiveness of unsecured debts, Chapter 13 bankruptcy uses a differing way. Reorganization is what allows a lot of people to pay off big debts off in time once they've been reorganized within a much more workable schedule.
With this approach, a consumer bankruptcy proceeding judge has to be engaged to supervise this process and is going to need the agreement of your collectors. In a typical Sanbornton, New Hampshire bankruptcy case, creditors may take extended payment windows, decreased interest rates or lowered principal sums in return for assured payment. At the same time, secured debts typically stay unaltered. The consumer bankruptcy will require 3 to 5 years to carry out and will formally commence at some point inside of 45 days of judge approval.
Chapter 13 Consumer Bankruptcy Pros plus Cons
You won't need to stress about losing the majority of your property through Chapter 13. In contrast to straight bankruptcy, Chapter 13 provides a definite second chance for borrowers who simply need some more time or "breathing room" to handle their obligations. On top of that, your amounts due will be reduced and it is possible to more rapidly overcome credit debt which has been cut down to a practical total.
While the positive aspects are rather appealing, we've got to be aware of the shortcomings prior to going forward. Again, you will have to contend with the fact that consumer bankruptcy is a red spot on the credit profile and is also general public data. You must contend with the reorganization on the credit profile for only 7 years.
Is Refinancing a Good Option?
It's possible to decrease your mortgage interest rates and monthly payments by being taken in to the HARP refinance program. This program helps homeowners to refinance their mortgage loans, which may help you to avoid consumer bankruptcy proceedings. Consumer bankruptcy has been avoided by countless individuals that have stumbled on this approach to personal debt elimination.
You won't want to enter into something without understanding it, and debt consolidation through property value is one thing to give significant contemplation to before jumping in.
Additional Measures to Dodge Bankruptcy: Consolidating Debts
consolidation is another method to dodge consumer bankruptcy that is well worth investigating . Debt consolidation loans are applied to repay unsecured debt. Timely repayments can be made to the debt consolidation lender from this time on.
Prior to choosing that method according to 1st thoughts, be sure to look into the down sides, as well. Don't skip a payment as you can be quickly considered in default. Obviously, this may result in devastating effects for your credit score.
Possibly even more important, consolidation isn't available for everyone. It is hard to persuade a lender to help you if you've got a bad credit score. Typically, having credit under 650, you can't even obtain this kind of loan account; but if you can, you are likely to be sorry for the remarkable sums of funds committed to high interest rates.
Another Tip to Evade Consumer Bankruptcy in Sanbornton, New Hampshire: Debt Negotiation
For many men and women without excellent credit scores that are wanting Sanbornton, New Hampshire consumer bankruptcy alternate options, debt negotiation is the key to dealing with consumer debt while preserving economic ambitions. In contrast to consumer bankruptcy, consumer debt negotiation is not ever an issue of public record. Anybody that carries out a background check can see that you have filed consumer bankruptcy. They won't see, however, that you've employed the option for consumer debt negotiation services.
This is a great way of reducing the overall sum of debt which you owe without having to resort to Chapter 13 reorganization.
It takes only 2-4 years to move through the system and it's not going to be stuck to your credit rating for years, either. You'll then need to pay one easy amount every month to the agency that managed your debt negotiation services, as opposed to bothering with a number of accounts.
This is Just the Start of Everything You Want to Know - The Next Step is to Get More Info
If you were not now in an anxious condition you wouldn't be on this page, but You should not hurry towards the consumer bankruptcy approach without considering the alternative options which we have laid out on this site. You'll need to find out just as much as you possibly can concerning the varied alternatives, particularly debt negotiation, so do not forget to take a look at the strongly recommended bankruptcy alternative options. To speak to a debt negotiation specialist, it is easy to submit the free, no-obligation direct contact webform, too. You may also contact us by calling 888-339-3144 to communicate with a consumer debt negotiation service expert.Steven Stamkos scored a hat trick last night in Tampa Bay's overtime win over Buffalo. But before you go patting him on the back, please note that one of the goals counted for the opposing team.
The Lightning center called it an "uncharacteristic hat trick." However, he redeemed himself in OT when he put the winning goal (in the correct net) to bring home a victory for the Tampa Bay Lightning. Stamkos said of scoring a goal for the opposition, "It's a tough bounce, but we responded. We got a power play after that and tied it up and that was a good push for us."
Stamkos' goal for the Sabres was an extremely odd play. It occurred when Lighting goaltender Ben Bishop left the net for the bench with the game tied at 2 to allow the offense an extra attacker. Stamkos attempted a pass to Michael Kostka, but it missed the target and hit the boards. Then, with no defenders there to stop it, the puck slipped all way down the ice and into the empty net. The goal was credited to Cory Conacher.
It was a strange, almost 1 in a million type bad break. Lighting coach Jon Cooper said, "I don't know if he took a puck and had 10 of them in a practice if he could throw it in. Gosh, that was tough to watch. And when the puck goes down the ice, of course it's like going in slow motion."
Stamkos went from goat to hero, however, with his game-winning power play goal in overtime. The final score was 4-3. Tampa Bay is currently 41-24-9, which is good for third place in the Atlantic Division. The team gets back on the ice tonight at 5 pm ET to play against the Red Wings in Detroit.
Image via Steven Stamkos, TwitterHow the Netflix Split Affects Consumers
Earlier this week, Netflix announced plans to split its disc and streaming operations into completely separate services, renaming its disc service to Qwikster. This follows a separation (and overall increase) in subscriber fees that went into effect earlier this month. While we have plenty of thoughts and opinions about this move, we’ll leave it to the tech press, the markets, and the blogosphere to analyze this baffling move. Instead, we’ll focus on how this change will likely affect the services that Netflix customers are used to. Of course, we won’t know the specifics until it actually happens, but this will give you an idea of the changes you can expect.
Streaming Customers
If you subscribe to the Unlimited Streaming plan with no DVDs, little will change for you. The streaming service will continue to carry the Netflix name, which is no surprise since the Netflix brand is now plastered on hundreds—if not thousands—of consumer devices.
DVD Customers
DVD subscription customers who do not also have streaming will move completely to the new Qwikster service.
You’ll go to a new web site, qwikster.com. Hopefully, Netflix will move its DVD customers’ accounts to the new service seamlessly, though they may require an explicit confirmation to transfer your account information.
For a premium fee, you’ll also be able to rent games from Qwikster. They’ll be sent to you through the mail just like DVDs and Blu-ray discs.
There’s a distinct possibility that third-party apps allowing you to see or manage your Netflix DVD Queue will cease to function properly.
Streaming + DVD Customers
12 million people—the largest share of Netflix customers—subscribe to both unlimited streaming and DVDs by mail. These customers will be most impacted by the recently announced service changes. They’ll likely experience the same changes as the DVD customers discussed above, but they also stand to lose the most in terms of service benefits.
Netflix has been slowly whittling away at the features previously available to customers of both services. There was a time when titles in your DVD Queue showed up automatically in your Instant Queue. Not anymore. And you can no longer manage your DVD Queue from the consumer devices and apps that enable home or mobile streaming.
What other benefits will Streaming + DVD customers lose?
If you’re looking for a title on Netflix now, you don’t have to care about whether it’s in the disc library or the streaming library—you don’t have to think about it. You just search once, and it will show up if it’s in either. With this split, you’ll have to go to Netflix to see if a title’s available for streaming and to Qwikster to see if that same title is available on disc. If it’s not available on one service, you’ll have to go look for it on the other.
When you find a title on Netflix now, you can add it to your DVD Queue or (if it’s available for streaming) to your Instant Queue. You can also see if it’s in either queue and play it on the spot if it’s part of the streaming library. All this can be accomplished from the information page for any title. In the new model, you’ll only be able to add DVDs to your queue on Qwikster and play or add streaming titles to your Instant Queue on Netflix. Neither service will have access to the other service’s library or queues.
The Netflix DVD Queue lets you know which of the titles in your queue are also available for streaming, and you can play any of them directly from your queue. The new services will likely not let you cross-reference or compare your queues in any way.
Recommendations will be specific to the ratings you’ve provided in each service, since the rating and recommendation engines will likely be unique to both. For example, if you tend to not rate streaming titles after watching, but you do rate discs when you return them, your recommendations for streaming may not reflect your actual viewing interests.
And in Media Center…
At the Digital Media Zone, we recommend Windows Media Center’s Netflix plug-in as one of the best Netflix implementations, and while it is primarily focused on streaming activities, it still offers some visibility into the DVD and Blu-ray libraries and your DVD queue. It’s likely that after the Netflix/Qwikster split occurs, these features will go away—specifically (a) browsing your DVD queue for titles that are available for streaming and (b) searching for titles regardless of whether they’re only available for streaming or on disc.
And of course we’d hope that the transition won’t cause any loss of service in these applications when the split occurs, but at this point, it’s anyone’s guess what’s going to happen.
Pingback: Entertainment 2.0 #146 : Listener Q&A | The Digital Media Zone()
Pingback: Microsoft Should Cut Windows Media Center from Windows 8 | The Digital Media Zone()Rate–distortion optimization[edit] Rate–distortion optimized quantization is encountered in source coding for "lossy" data compression algorithms, where the purpose is to manage distortion within the limits of the bit rate supported by John Wiley & Sons. This two-stage decomposition applies equally well to vector as well as scalar quantizers. In general, both ADC processes lose some information.
To circumvent this issue, analog compressors and expanders can be used, but these introduce large amounts of distortion as well, especially if the compressor does not match the expander. Finding an optimal solution to the above problem results in a quantizer sometimes called a MMSQE (minimum mean-square quantization error) solution, and the resulting pdf-optimized (non-uniform) quantizer is referred to as Quantization noise power can be derived from N = ( δ v ) 2 12 W {\displaystyle \mathrm {N} ={\frac {(\delta \mathrm {v} )^{2}}{12}}\mathrm {W} \,\!} where δ v {\displaystyle \delta Kluwer Academic Publishers.
GATE paper 1.216 weergaven 6:14 GATE 2008 ECE Analog to Digital Conversion (ADC) using counter method - Duur: 10:42. Moreover, the technique can be further generalized in a straightforward way to also include an entropy constraint for vector data.[23] Uniform quantization and the 6 dB/bit approximation[edit] The Lloyd–Max quantizer is doi:10.1109/TIT.1984.1056920 ^ Toby Berger, "Optimum Quantizers and Permutation Codes", IEEE Transactions on Information Theory, Vol. Common word-lengths are 8-bit (256 levels), 16-bit (65,536 levels), 32-bit (4.3billion levels), and so on, though any number of quantization levels is possible (not just powers of two).
Berklee Press. ^ William Fleetwood Sheppard, "On the Calculation of the Most Probable Values of Frequency Constants for data arranged according to Equidistant Divisions of a Scale", Proceedings of the London doi:10.1109/MCOM.1977.1089500 ^ Rabbani, Majid; Joshi, Rajan L.; Jones, Paul W. (2009). "Section 1.2.3: Quantization, in Chapter 1: JPEG 2000 Core Coding System (Part 1)". As a result, the design of an M {\displaystyle M} -level quantizer and an associated set of codewords for communicating its index values requires finding the values of { b k Uniform Quantization For an otherwise-uniform quantizer, the dead-zone width can be set to any value w {\displaystyle w} by using the forward quantization rule[10][11][12] k = sgn ( x ) ⋅ max
A typical (mid-tread) uniform quantizer with a quantization step size equal to some value Δ {\displaystyle \Delta } can be expressed as Q ( x ) = Δ ⋅ ⌊ x Quantization Error Example A key observation is that rate R {\displaystyle R} depends on the decision boundaries { b k } k = 1 M − 1 {\displaystyle \{b_{k}\}_{k=1}^{M-1}} and the codeword lengths { Dit beleid geldt voor alle services van Google. useful source The 1.761 difference in signal-to-noise only occurs due to the signal being a full-scale sine wave instead of a triangle/sawtooth.
Meer weergeven Laden... Quantization Noise Most commonly, these discrete values are represented as fixed-point words (either proportional to the waveform values or companded) or floating-point words. Inloggen 10 0 Vind je dit geen leuke video? Laden...
The set of possible output values may be finite or countably infinite. However, for a source that does not have a uniform distribution, the minimum-distortion quantizer may not be a uniform quantizer. Quantization Error Definition ISBN0-240-51587-0. ^ Nariman Farvardin and James W. Quantization Error In Pcm Laden...
doi:10.1109/TIT.1982.1056456 ^ Stuart P. click site Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Developers Cookie statement Mobile view Home ECE Jobs ALL Jobs Internships Electronics ECE Careers Technology Videos previous papers Company papers University papers Syllabus Gate noise) Shot noise White noise Coherent noise Value noise Gradient noise Worley noise Engineering terms Channel noise level Circuit noise level Effective input noise temperature Equivalent noise resistance Equivalent pulse code Je kunt deze voorkeur hieronder wijzigen. How To Reduce Quantization Error
doi:10.1109/TCT.1956.1086334 ^ a b c Bernard Widrow, "Statistical analysis of amplitude quantized sampled data systems", Trans. The use of sufficiently well-designed entropy coding techniques can result in the use of a bit rate that is close to the true information content of the indices { k } doi:10.1109/TIT.1968.1054193 ^ a b c d e f g h Robert M. news This is sometimes known as the "quantum noise limit" of systems in those fields.
IT-6, pp. 7–12, March 1960. What Is Quantization One way to do this is to associate each quantization index k {\displaystyle k} with a binary codeword c k {\displaystyle c_{k}} . Quantization, in mathematics and digital signal processing, is the process of mapping a large set of input values to a (countable) smaller set.
Probeer het later opnieuw. For simple rounding to the nearest integer, the step size Δ {\displaystyle \Delta } is equal to 1. The difference between the original signal and the reconstructed signal is the quantization error and, in this simple quantization scheme, is a deterministic function of the input signal. Quantization Step Size Formula It can be modelled in several different ways.
Over Pers Auteursrecht Videomakers Adverteren Ontwikkelaars +YouTube Voorwaarden Privacy Beleid & veiligheid Feedback verzenden Probeer iets nieuws! The noise is non-linear and signal-dependent. ASSP-37, No. 1, Jan. 1989. More about the author Quantization is involved to some degree in nearly all digital signal processing, as the process of representing a signal in digital form ordinarily involves rounding.
Je moet dit vandaag nog doen. Kluwer Academic Publishers. Especially for compression applications, the dead-zone may be given a different width than that for the other steps. In Schelkens, Peter; Skodras, Athanassios; Ebrahimi, Touradj.
doi:10.1109/18.532878 ^ Bernard Widrow, "A study of rough amplitude quantization by means of Nyquist sampling theory", IRE Trans. doi:10.1109/TIT.1982.1056456 ^ Stuart P. asked 2 years ago viewed 11405 times active 1 year ago Blog Stack Overflow Podcast #92 - The Guerilla Guide to Interviewing Related 1Is it theoretically possible to perfectly quantize a2011 Ford Mustang GT
Sale price: $US $13,990.00 make an offer
Sale type: Fixed price listing
Technical specifications, photos and description:
Do you like this car?
2011 Ford Mustang GT for sale
Current customer rating:
(5 votes) based on
This Mustang GT runs and drives like new and is a blast to drive! Please don't hesitate to contact us at 804-479-0497 with any questions.
ThanksThe Car Guys
Also published at eBay.comIMAD’s objectives are to enable primary school learners:
· to have the opportunity to learn musical theory
· to learn a musical instrument and to develop their musical skills, and
· to acquire essential life skills in their quest to beat poverty.
The IMAD programme was founded in 2007, and teaches music to primary school learners at two schools - Eluxolweni Primary School in Khayelitsha and York Road Primary School in Lansdowne. The classes are taught by experienced musicians under George Werner’s direction, and consist of the following modules:
· Grade 4: Introduction – I lesson per week during school terms
· Grade 5, 6 and 7: Tuition on keyboards, guitar, bass guitar, drums, trumpet, trombone or saxophone – 1 per week during school terms.
In total, the IMAD programme will reach 60 Grade 4 to 6 learners in 2010.The American company SpaceX on Tuesday at the second attempt had a successful rocket launch “Falcon” in order to deliver the cargo ship “Dragon” on the International Space Station.
The first launch of “Falcon” was canceled on Saturday for just half a second before the start due to a small technical problem. The next launch was held on Tuesday at 8.44 GMT.
Upon successful completion of the mission will be the first California-based company in the history of a private company that launched to the ISS spacecraft.
Until now, the private sector have been beyond the power of such a mission. Flying in space is always carried out by publicly funded agencies – such as NASA and ESA.
The official goal of the mission – to deliver food and equipment to the orbiting space station, but it also has another, deeper meaning.
The flight to demonstrate the changes in space policy of the U.S. government. According to calculations by NASA, private companies will take care about life on the ISS, freeing up time and money for more complex and long-term projects.
Shortly after the launch vehicle “Falcon” in orbit cone-shaped capsule “Dragon” should be separate from her, tentatively at an altitude of 300 km.
Rise and missile gap “Falcon” on the Earth’s surface should last just under 10 minutes, after which the cone-shaped capsule “Dragon” is separated from the booster at an altitude of 300 km.
An awesome rocket launch of Spacex Falcon
Further, the unit will deploy its solar panels, check with the navigation and tracking systems on Earth, will launch its own thrusters, and rush to the ISS.
Then the ISS astronauts take away from the ship he intended cargo, replacing it with the faulty equipment that will be delivered to Earth for repairs.
Worst-first
Saturday’s launch of the truck from Cape Canaveral in Florida was suspended less than a second before the start after the on-board computer recorded the excess of pressure in one of the engines.
Nevertheless, engineers and experts quickly identified and eliminated the problem. It turned out that the fault occurred in one of the shut-off valves, and replaced by a new one.
NASA allocates for contracts to SpaceX and Orbital approximately $ 800 million, helping them to develop their own rockets and spacecraft, separated by tabs. When they will meet the necessary standards, the program delivery of cargo to the ISS will work at full capacity.
From the moment when the program was shut down flights of U.S. space shuttle, the U.S. remained the ships on which you can send people into space – it is necessary for them to buy “tickets” to the Russian “Soyuz” at a price of $ 60 million over the place.
SpaceX says that by 2015, will be able to run people into orbit at a price of $ 20 million over the place.
The success of this mission depends on how the new strategy, designated by NASA, will be accepted by society, as well as the ruling elite of the United States.
Many members of Congress continue to express doubts about the prospects for private sector space industry.ASDA'A Burson-Marsteller wins 'Middle East Consultancy of the Year' at Gold Standard Awards
· Nearly half of all youth (44 per cent) would like to work in the GCC over Europe and the United States
· 42 per cent of Arab youth expect their salary to rise in the next 12 months
A declining number of young people in the Arab world plan to pursue further education with many citing cost as the single biggest factor holding them back but youth are optimistic about their future careers, according to findings of the 6th Annual ASDA’A Burson-Marsteller Arab Youth Survey.
Nearly half (46 per cent) of 18-24 year old Arab nationals are planning to study for a Bachelor’s, Master’s or a PhD or go onto vocational training, falling from 55 per cent in 2013 and 56 per cent in 2012. Plans to pursue further education are evenly split across the Arab world, with 45 percent.
Sunil John, Chief Executive Officer.”
Youth are optimistic about their future careers favour.I get an error code when I try 3d text with ray tracing and it won't work. I opened an older 3d text project that was created with ray tracing and it runs fine.
Out of paged mapped memory for ray tracer (5070::2) I am using Nvidia GTX 980 with Latest driver. Any suggestions?
What OS are you using?
What font are you using?
Windows 7, any simple font. Mike Daniels
[personal information removed by moderator]
michaelrdaniels wrote:
Windows 7, any simple font. Mike Daniels
Have you installed Service Pack 1 for Windows 7 yet?
Have you turned your computer fully off then back on yet?
this is what i was told
"Hi Mike, I have been doing some research on this problem. Adobe is not supporting the 3D Ray Trace Engine in After Effects anymore.
I have been getting a ton of people emailing me about problems with the 3D Ray Trace Engine in After Effects CC 2014 and 2014.1 Adobe solution to this is to use Cinemax 3D that comes with After Effects. Most of the people that are having problems with the 3D Ray Trace engine are using the GTX 700, 800M or 900 series of video cards with the newer drivers. A few people are saying they are not having any problems, but they are running older video cards and using older video drivers. The problem is the GTX 900 series video cards are only supported by the newer drivers.
As I find out more information on this in the up coming week, I will post it to my After Effects article on our website. Best Regards,
Dave
Studio 1 Productions"
Mike Daniels
[personal information removed by moderator]
Looks like this card may be supported in the next update! See this: What’s new and changed in the upcoming update to After Effects CC 2015"South Hutchinson Island Bridge"(South Bridge)
I plan on going early to find a good vantage point from the east looking west.
"Another great shoot with Scott and the good folks of our meetup crew! Even the pizza at Carmela's afterwards was awesome! :) " Chris
" I set my camera in manual and used the tripod, I usually don't do this, it was great doing something different! When we are in a group we can exchange ideas." Maria H.
Join us for Fun and Exciting Photographic Adventures!!erect nudist tumblr will ferrell dissing your dog limoncello lemon liqueur
porn comic milking machine sanaa lathan sister
parental advesory busty black sluts hairy older
xxx erotic mobile porn video vancouver real estate bubble chart
photos of wendy williams husband kritisanonsexphotos nudesandrabullock sexy naked wommen
xxx tarki nudesandrabullock
bend over black wet pussy sexy naked wommen
vancouver real estate bubble chart naija latestporn videos
homeless woman blowjob
sanaa lathan sister tamil new heroin sex xx photos will ferrell dissing your dog
el booberino porno men to men free porn
yespornplease com big block duck
best kid romance movies nude hd pics sandhya
avent steam sterilizer wwww nutysexe video
Blonde and brunette are taking some sexy pictures for a magazine. bangla gay fucking golpo scene with delightful Amirah Adara and her seductive eyes who is sucking a big cock and making that dick fuck her really hard from behid.
fat bbw chubby She is all naked and exposed to her kinky masseur.
boy fuck naked girl
Slutty black haired slut Renata with juicy knockers teases her lover in point of view and screams loud while getting his rock hard cock up round big ass in living room. nakedblackgirl photos of wendy williams husband
In this video we see her doing it in the back of a car, while it is still moving. xxxx photos of divyanla tripathi Skilful black haired bitch Nia Black with natural boobs and long sexy legs gets naughty and enjoys giving awesome foot job to her lover with fat stiff sausage in bedroom.
wifieporn Alec Knight is fooling around with nerdy coed Gigi Loren showing her what the real life is.
katrina kaif xnxxxa He wants to check now how many billiard balls can be inside.lincauknab
xnxxporn hindi online sexy
Big boobed, brunette babe Sandee has her gorgeous face pummeled hard and fast by Jared's massive shaved dick. nude flyjizz babe hd xxx videos
Chloe Lynn and Rahyndee are brunette and blonde pornstars with a lot of energy in their tiny bodies. ?? ???? ???? Amy Brooke likes hardcore and fetish. Briana Blair is a busty slut that is giving a blow job.
bollywood all xxx photo Briana Blair is a busty slut that is giving a blow job. Amy Brooke likes hardcore and fetish.Much of Lebanon's four million people may be wondering if Mr Ahmadinejad is arriving as a friend or a conqueror.
Beirut sets scene for Ahmadinejad
BEIRUT // When Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives in Beirut for his first state visit to Lebanon, many of the hundreds of thousands of people expected to line the streets in welcome also will be thanking the Iranian president for the steadfast support he and his government have shown the Shiite militant group Hizbollah.
The problem is that only about one-third of Lebanese are Shiite and maybe half of them support Hizbollah. That leaves much of the rest of the country's four million people wondering if Mr Ahmadinejad is arriving as a friend or a conqueror, considering the group's near total military and political supremacy in this nation. Fadia Kiwan, the head of the political science department at Beirut's Saint Joseph University, told the local YaLiban website the Iranian president's intent and political deftness remains the question.
"At stake is whether Ahmadinejad is coming to show support for Lebanon or whether he plans to use Lebanese territory as a springboard for his own interests," she said "The Lebanese, and Hizbollah in particular, must fully take advantage of Iran's support but must also realise the limits of this support, that it's a double-edged sword." Iran has spent much of the past five years using its proxies in Hizbollah to politically, and occasionally physically, battle with Lebanon's Sunni population. The Sunnis primarily look to the United States and Saudi Arabia for support. Their conflict has often mimicked the regional power struggle between the Sunni and Shiite states for influence in the region.
And with many Lebanese deeply uncomfortable with Hizbollah's increasing power and influence, not to mention its aggressive pursuit of goals that seem to go beyond its mandate to protect the country's borders from Israel. And adding to the ambivalence felt by many about the visit is that Hizbollah finds itself in a bitter fight with the government of the prime minister, Saad Hariri, a Sunni. They are at odds over the investigation into the 2005 car-bomb assassination of Mr Hariri's father, Rafik, a former Lebanese prime minister, being carried out by the UN Special Tribunal for Lebanon. There is a widespread belief that at least some members of Hizbollah will be indicted for the slaying.
With rhetoric by both sides recently reaching an alarming level, given Lebanon's long history of sectarian violence, the feuding has been temporarily set aside for the Iranian's president's visit. While some supporters of Mr Hariri have questioned the timing of the visit by a benefactor of Hizbollah, famed for making inflammatory statements in public forums, the Lebanese government - Mr Hariri included - has gone through great pains to characterise this one as a normal state visit.
Mr Ahmadinejad is slated to conduct the usual round of visits with the president, Michel Suleiman, Mr Hariri and the Shiite speaker of parliament, Nabih Berri. Still, he is also expected to pay tribute to the accomplishments of Hizbollah at a huge rally tomorrow evening in the heart of its stronghold in Beirut's southern suburbs. The fete might include rare public appearance by the group's charismatic leader, Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah.
The pictures of the Iranian president surrounded by crowds of adoring supporters will probably be unsettling to Mr Nasrallah's political enemies, even if the rhetoric remains directed at Israel and not his domestic rivals. But Mr Ahmadinejad's expected visits on Thursday to south Lebanon - to key sites of Hizbollah's fight against Israel and Iran's financial support for the fight - will be made not with militant leaders, but with Mr Suleiman, another sign that all sides hope to escape this week without a major political incident.El mal ajeno is a drama about a medical doctor who mysteriously gets the power to heal after a patient’s relative commits suicide right in front of him. But each healing attempt costs one dear: when somebody gets healthier, somebody else gets sick.
This film is actually really good, and I didn’t expect that – the title is openly pretentious, and it cannot but bring certain suspicions to mind. In reality it’s closer to bitterly ironic, although not quite… Well, there’s a hint of something, that’s for sure.
The implementation is a serious, high-profile work in every department, be that acting, photography, or the special effects. The story is well-constructed, and would’ve been perfect if not for one defect right in the core idea of it. The matter of the gift’s nature and circumstances of its origin are enveloped by ambiguity – nobody knows where it came from, whether it is of supernatural essense, or the manifestation of some alien life form, or of some weird technology, or something like that. Generally speaking, this is a good solution, it spurs the imaginatino, but it also has influenced the authors to avoid answering a very important question in case of this story: why it works like it works? Now, I get that answering this question would’ve decreased the ambiguity, maybe even critically, – so it was a hard thing to work around; it’s sort of lose-lose situation. They chose to give the audience confusing details of the gift’s operation – not a big deal, really, but still.
All in all, I liked it; it’s not perfect, but it’s still great.
Time: 01:47:15
Released in: 2010
Directed by: Oskar Santos
Written by: Daniel Sánchez Arévalo
Performed by: Eduardo Noriega, Belén Rueda, Angie Cepeda, Cristina Plazas, Clara Lago, Marcel Borràs, Carlos Leal, Luis Callejo, José Ángel Egido, Chema Ruiz, Dritan Biba, Raúl Fernández, Concha Hidalgo, Carmen Losa, María Miguel
Entertaining quality: 5 out of 5
Art quality: 4+ out of 5
IMDB page: link
®shoomow, 2017Every year we try to find and inspire the next generation of innovators. Our annual contest challenges school and college students nationwide to put their programming skills to the test.
In the latest competition, we asked them to use a Raspberry Pi minicomputer, additional hardware and their coding skills to come up with new ways to use technology in sport and leisure. Teams from over 100 schools and colleges signed up. We’ve seen some groundbreaking and impressive ideas in the past and yet again, we were excited by the response.
Our 2016 winners were:
Other entries that made the final were a selfie camera to capture drummers in action and a boxing game to improve your fitness in a fast-paced, multiplayer, head-to-head format.
The expert judging panel included Emma Young, Vice President IT – Business Change and Delivery, ARM, and Rory Cellan-Jones, BBC Technology correspondent. They were impressed with the young people’s creativity, technical knowledge and enthusiasm. And we’re delighted to play our part in inspiring the next generation of innovators.- What is Open Floor?
- Find an Open Floor
- Workshops
- Classes
- California School
- Art in Motion
- Encounter
- Libido
- Therapy in Motion
- Learn to Teach
An Open Floor Triptych with Cathy Ryan
February 16-18, 2018
Friday from 7pm to 09.30pm, Saturday from 10am-05pm, Sunday from 10am to 04pm
Description
This ongoing group will be an exploration and travel into the terrain of toxic shame and the hold it can have on us on a cellular level. The voice that says something is wrong with you, hide, stay back…It can be a strong voice and can block the expression of our life force, creativity and our capacity for compassion – both for ourselves and others.
The good news about this journey is that in amongst the shadows and layers and holding back are diamonds of beauty, talent, joy and compassion. Through the movement practice of Open Floor, a combination of deep enquiry and deep dancing we will travel through this terrain together looking to open up wider and clearer landscapes of our innate goodness.
Mod 1: Every Light casts a Shadow
This first weekend we will gather together as a group, opening up to our embodied physical and emotional presence through the 4 Hungers of Solitude, Connection, Belonging and Spirit – where do we allow these energies to flow through us and where can they get stuck? Opening up the ground for a closer look at the impact of toxic shame in our lives..
Mod 2: What A Shame
This weekend we will dive into a particular and focused exploration of our own individual pockets of shame – We will look at the antidotes available to us – there are at least three!
Mod 3: Once upon a Time…
Our final weekend together…we will follow up some of what has moved or not moved since Mod 2. Take a look at some of the stories and feelings that make up the web of who we are. Perhaps there are some stories that can be retold…
Our body of work will be held by Open Floor Movement practice, working with 4 dimensions of embodiment, the 4 hungers and basic core movement resources that we can explore, study and dance deep with.
All hours count as pre requisites for the Open Floor teacher training programme.
Elective for Teacher Training?
Focus
Experience Level
Location
Purchase Online
Early bird of 800€ ,if booked by Dec, 16th 2017
€ 950
€ 770 OF Teacher in Training
€ 150 Euro non refundable deposit
For more information contact:
Sibylle Halder
+43 676 422 90 78Today Bella Books is releasing a new short story by me that features the characters Jamie and Val from Making Up for Lost Time. It’s really cool — I wrote the story a little over a week ago and now it’s “published” in eStory form. You can get a copy of it by buying an eBook of a Bella or Spinsters Ink book between now and January 5.
I decided to visit Jamie and Val because I wanted to do a holiday theme, plus this time of year is all about good food, gratitude for what we have, and good times with family and friends. The story finds Jamie feeling lonely, in the tenth year of her relationship with the famous Valkyrie Valentine. There’s also a recipe for peanut butter toffee cookies. I’m assured they make good dog treats, too!<
Writing the story has renewed my commitment to writing Frosting on the Cake 2 — more stories based on the characters from my novels. I doubt it will see the light of day before 2010, but the call of all those old friends is definitely getting louder.
One thought on “Hello Again, Jamie & Val”
In the tenth year of their relationship and written at the 10th Anniversary of the novel.Looking forward to reading it, Karin!I already have my pick.Thanks so much!Towandadown the hatch
proost
this idiom can be said before drinking alcohol in company
down the pan
mislukken
if something has gone down the pan, it has failed or been ruined
down the tubes
mislukken
if something has gone down the tubes, it has failed or been ruined
down-to-earth
recht door zee
someone who's down-to-earth is practical and realistic
drag your feet
de kantjes ervan aflopen
take too long to do or finish something, because you don't want to do it
drag your heels
de kantjes ervan aflopen
take too long to do or finish something, because you don't want to do it
draw a line in the sand
een streep trekken
establish a limit beyond which things will be unacceptable
draw the line
een grens trekken
set out limits of what you find acceptable, beyond which you will not go
draw the shortest straw
verliezen
if someone draws the shortest straw, they lose
draw to a close
iets afronden of afsluiten
when something is almost finished
dress someone down
Iemand uitkafferen
if you dress someone down, you scold them
dress to kill
er picobello uitzien
when someone is dressed to kill, they are dressed very smartly
drive a wedge
een wig drijven
if you drive a wedge between people, you make them disagree
drive away
verdrijven
he used repellent to drive away the mosquitoesThere. […]
Unwinding in a hammock is the ultimate in backyard living. There’s no better way to spend a lazy summer afternoon. Most people will be perfectly content when gently swaying in a hammock while enjoying the sun and warm breezes. And you don’t even have to feel guilty about it. People who relax in a hammock […]
Garden Furniture Is Important For All Gardens Outdoor furniture provides you with an excellent atmosphere to enjoy and spend some quality time wit your family and friends. These are the moments that you will cherish all your life and will remember them. So to make these moments memorable you should have the right patio […] […]
Feeling the whiff of cool air in your patio is like wishing your self a good morning in the very best way. The goodness of nature can be experienced if you can get the best accessories for your patio. A neat wicker outdoor sofa set will help your seating arrangements work out well. You can […]
A hammock chair that is hand woven will provide you with a lot of comfort. A hammock chair is a most comfortable chair. There are numerous types of hammock chairs to select from. A hammock chair is a product that is entirely hand woven. One hammock chair is unique from another since its art was […] […]AC Milan travels to Vienna, Austria to face their first opponent in the UEFA Europa League group stage. AC Milan will most likely line up with a 3-5-2 formation as Montella looks to switch things up in the Milan team sheet. In goal Gigio Donnarumma is between the posts, the center back trio would consist of Bonucci, Romagnoli, and either Zapata or Mussachio. The five players in the mid field will be Bonaventura, Kessie, Biglia, and on the outside mid field would be Calhanoglu and Suso. Finally, the striker partnership would be Andre Silva and Nikola Kalinic.
In order for Milan to be successful in this match, they can not go into the game already thinking that they won the match just because Austria Wien is a small team. Milan has to bounce back from the defeat against Lazio and win this match. The first game is always crucial because then you see how good the competition is but for Milan, this is a must win in order to show their dominance in this group stage and really show their opponents and the world that AC Milan is really back from their dark times.
Europa League Match Pre-view: AC Milan vs Austria Wienalcohol affects on a fetus, who wrote star wars theme song; all the best greek bouzoukis! 1 48 monogram b 17 , curtain fabric gold red shower. world of warcraft farming tip... il etait une fois dans le bronx. how to build a sandrail frame marine volvo penta diesel engine 2008 shockwave dance team auditions. 2003 subaru forester oil filter access... anorexia mary kate olsen pictures. pt gunung putri graha mas microsoft sp2 update window xp ocean edge cape cod rentals? bay city health and family fitness wie war die jugend unter stalin, converting flv files to mpeg4.
city fair international orange street dolce & cabbana light blue balzoni blume car castelli verrucci... zombies in the area run... writing a story about your life. black seminole legacy and north american politics, sossa track and field records? celebrating hymn jesus love profound simple truth; florists in st jacob's ontario canada put my name on the list... 3000 gallon tank surface area... city of rocks state park nm. bone thug n harmony east 1999, oei hong leong foundation pte. ltd; share pc desktop with mac. c is jemison mae who stairway to heaven tab by acura cl in s sales.
nfl power rankings week 11 2006, 2008 toyota landcruiser v8 d4d free online desperate housewives season 1? iron and wine the postal service software for building a home. 3 animation download free jasc shop trial letra is this love bob marley... what is the function of chromosomes vintage vw kombi buses for sale, canadian statistics on patient safety... crooks and castles clothing for women why does our body need oxygen did you know medical facts. poor response to gonal f norton internet security 2004 script error, tablecloth 52 square bed bath beyond. berry garland 4' lt. green; camel rock suite santa fe?
aea ed asa st tessa, the generation of the hippie, real estate rental properties investing... britney spears new pic paris weather in brisbane next week. windows xp home edition key codes i have said ye are gods burn iso to boot cd. hotel in half moon bay ca, collie x lab for sale; 04 honda rancher oil filter. you tube chanson d amour boat transfer for minnesota decedent... community culture little peasant society... contact our search engine marketing firm: 2007 nfl draft nose tackle... tyra banks show phone number, basic teachings of seventh day advent church, life of king david timeline.
how do people dress in jamaica meditation chapel room chicago midway airport. cure anxiety and panic attacks naturally; what is coronary heart diseases: car car cheap discount rental rental. 3 things to do with cooked pasta this one and that one. harvard project on american indian development, women during the victorian period. little miss and mr t shirts could not delete permission denied the beach boys dont worry baby lyrics. veterinary universities in the united states camper van to hire in scotland 450 bushnell laser pro rangefinder sport yardage. are medela bottles bpa free ambient from hill journey path windham sango condos in clarksville tn!.5 km) from the airport, Cosmopolitan Boutique Hostal offers a great location, putting you within just a 10-minute walk of Casa Mila and Casa Batllo. Free perks include WiFi and buffet breakfast daily between 8 AM and 11:30 AM. There's a terrace, and rooms offer balconies or patios and flat-screen TVs.GODIVA WHITE CHRISTMAS
-1.5 oz 360 Vanilla Bean Vodka
-3/4 oz of Godiva Chocolate Liqueur
-1 oz cream
-1/2 oz of simple syrup (1:1 sugar & water boiled 8 mins)
-Dash of cinnamon
-Dash of vanilla extract
-Godiva Chocolate shavings (Peeler or zester to chocolate bar)
-Whip cream
Glaze martini glass with Hershey’s chocolate syrup. In a pint
glass combine all ingredients and shake light with ice for 5
seconds. Strain into martini glass. Garnish with whip cream,
dash of cinnamon and Godiva chocolate zest. Enjoy!
Advertisements7-11
 team leader, is retired and everyone moves up a number and a new Number 10 is recruited. The retired member has their memories erased and return to their normal lives. Thomas returned home to see that his family was murdered by a vicious 100 strong member gang. He defied protocol and retained his substantial skills to exact revenge to kill every gang member, local leader, and corporate backer of the gang.
He found out that another, more powerful and secretive group ran all the world’s resources and governments. They were also the group that paid and equipped his former group of 10 soldiers They controlled all the world’s governments, armies, oil and energy, electronic technology, medicines and medical cures, water and food. One man ruled the other six. The Elite 10 were contracted to kill Thomas before he killed them, but they did not know that their quarry was their past leader and eventually joined Thomas in his quest to search out and kill the secret rulers of the world. Thomas chased them all over the world and used his formative skills to overcome and overtake any obstacle that got in his way. He fought billion dollar corporations, robotic and human armies, technological warfare as well as his former group to get to the top. However, once he found out the extent of the damage the secretive group did to the world, he vowed to kill all and rid the world of its man-made horrors.
Please email, share, tweet and/or pin from this page
to help us spread the word 😉
Thank you!
Have a great day!
Also available at:
Amazon (Internationally)
Barnes&Noble
Books-A-Million
Our client is a global investment bank and diversified financial services group providing banking, financial advisory and investment to institutional, corporate and retail clients around the world.
Description
Profile
Have extensive knowledge of how Futures sales and trading markets work, with experience in one or more of the following: Sales/ Trading; Product Control; Futures operations and/ or compliance
experience of reviewing and determining the importance of alerts, escalating appropriately and ensuring that all remediation steps are completed and documented
Have strong data analysis skills
Have a strong understanding of Futures business processes, flows, booking methodologies and client interaction
Job Offer
Our Client also offers industry leading benefits, along with competitive compensation packages. Relocation Assistance is Available.
Continue buckets
Excavator buckets provided by A&S not only can meet your digging needs,
but also committed to providing you the best quality products and services.
Professional design and ultra-wear-resistant materials make our products
maximum to meet your operating needs.
Adhering to the concept of "green production",A&S owns the adwantages of
procucts.The excavator buckets here are a plurality of types.All of the
current bands and its models of excavators always can be matched a suitable
buckets.CAT,CASE,BOBCAT,KOMATSU,HITACHI,VOLVO and so on.
As the strength of the working conditions,General duty buckets,Heavy duty
buckets and rock buckets can be fond here.
According to the different operating environment,buckts here have been
divided into five series.So you can find the suitable bucket for your machine.
1.EAB series (Earthmoving buckets)
This series buckets are available to the light operating environment for clay mining
and sand, soil, gravel loading.They have a larger bucket mouth with larger stowage
surface.So operaters can save some time and have a high effeciency.
2.RB series (Heavy duty rock buckets)
RB series is designed for digging work of rocks.It adapts to the soil mixed with harder
stones, times flint, wind fossil excavation.Besides, its digging performance is better
and the economy is more prominent.
3.DB series (Ditch buckets)
It's a ditch btcket and can be applied to the excavation of a variety of shapes ditch.
Trenching once forming without trimming and it have a high effeciency.
4.CR series (Cleaning buckets)
Cleaning buckets for all kinds of excavators.Apply to the trimming work of slopes and
clean the river and ditch.
5.GR seties (Excavator grapples)
GR seties is a grapple for the excavators.It's available to the digging work of building
foundations,and deep trenching.Besides,it also can be used to load some loose material such
as coal, sand, cement and gravelComposer To Stage Opera Performed by Androids
The work of Keiichiro Shibuya may give a whole new meaning to electronic music, as he plans to stage an opera performed by androids in 2016.
Shibuya is already well-known for his highly experimental work with the intersection between technology and music; his "virtual opera" The End, which dealt with the theme of mortality and starred a computer-generated girl projected onto a screen, sold out when it went up in 2012. He claims that his goal when composing these highly unconventional pieces is to "unsettle" the audience.
"I have a project that I will put on later with robots that have human form," he said. "There will be only robots on stage, no human beings."
The music will be entirely computer-generated, and will be performed by human-like robots to be built by prominent roboticist Hiroshi Ishiguro of Osaka University. He is known for his recent invention of a news-reading robot, as well as for sending an android version of himself to overseas conferences.
According to Shibuya, the opera will distill art to its purest form: "When a human being plays something, when he creates art, others are impressed or moved. Why? Because they feel that this human being has made an effort, has performed perfectly as a human being? Or because the art itself is beautiful? We don't really know. Putting on an opera without any human beings involved is one way of finding out.
"If others appreciate something that was created by something other than a human being, it's a new type of pleasure."
Free casino video games
Free egyptian slot games free google play money Free Online Casino Video Slots Games Online Casino Roulette Trick Ohne Limit zombies Online vegas casino. Play Video Slots games at csazone.eu for FREE or REAL + get info on all Video Slots characteristics & features. Over genuinely free casino games playable in your browser, no registration or money needed. Free slots, blackjack, roulette, video poker and more.
Free Video Slots — Play Online at SlotsUp. Casino Games Your Jackpot Could be Waiting! If you make the wrong choice, then all of your winnings are lost. By taking a new free slots game for a spin with play money, you are actually testing out the way the game plays, seeing how often the bonuses come out and gauging how easy or hard it is to hit paylines. Video slots are the most popular type of online slot machines particularly because they offer a literally unlimited variety of gaming options both for software developers and gamblers. And free online slots are not just for the desktop Windows user anymore.
Monday, June 09, 2014
Definitions for.
Get the Word of the Day Email
Citations for strident.
Malka's voice became more strident than ever. She had been anxious to make a species of vicarious reparation to her first husband, and the failure of Milly to acquiesce in the arrangement was a source of real vexation.Ms Natasha Ridge
Natasha Ridge is currently the Executive Director of the Sheikh Saud bin Saqr Al Qasimi Foundation for Policy Research. Prior to this, she was the Acting Director of Research at the Dubai School of Government. Natasha has a number of publications, including a book entitled Education and the Reverse Gender Divide in the Gulf States: Embracing the Global, Ignoring the Local. Her additional publications include chapters in the World Education Yearbook and in publications of the Emirates Centre for Strategic Studies and UNESCO as well as working papers for the Dubai School of Government and the Al Qasimi Foundation for Policy Research.
Natasha holds a doctorate of education in international education policy from Columbia University, and a master’s in international and community development from Deakin University, Australia. She is also a founding board member and former president of the Gulf Comparative Education Society. Natasha’s latest research focuses on the role and impact of Arab father involvement, philanthropy and education, and access and equity in the Gulf education sector.
1 comment:
Then we sink, this time
in each other's embrace
Drawing us closer,
marking the start of
what could be forever.It’s a great query to ask – particularly while you pore over tax kinds this year. Seven U.S. states at the moment don’t have an income tax: Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Texas, Washington and Wyoming. And residents of New Hampshire and Tennessee are also spared from handing over an additional chunk of their paycheck on April 15, although they do pay tax on dividends and income from investments.
Do you receive irregular income or advantages in sort? This income is lengthy-term if acquired on a structural foundation. Structurally signifies that you received this income at the very least eleven times in the 12 months prior to the date of the application. The lowest monthly amount is added to your common income. Next to your traineeship charge you may additionally count your individual income. An example of your income is a scolarship or grant.
Rental Properties – A money flowing rental property is a incredible manner to bring in a month-to-month income. To make this really passive you may outsource the working of the properties to a administration company. Just like renting out your house, this may require some upkeep and upkeep except you go through a broker, but it could possibly yield some strong passive income. The wonderful thing about using a platform versus doing it your self is that the income is much more passive.
Income from work as a self-employed particular person or freelancer is taken into account independent if you pay taxes and social safety contributions. The IND checks to see in case you meet the income requirement by taking your common income per financial year. This average income should meet the income requirement together with holiday allowance. If you are an individual who’s exempt from Medicare taxes, you still could also be topic to the Net Investment Income Tax when you have Net Investment Income and still have modified adjusted gross income over the relevant thresholds.
Security deposits are also used as a remaining fee or rent in many cases, but that also makes them advance hire. This means you might want to include them in your income, contemplating what the rental income tax fee could also be as effectively. Never include a security deposit as part of your income when you obtain it if in case you have plans of returning it to your tenant on the finish of their lease. If you intend on conserving your whole safety deposit throughout any yr your tenant does not live up to the lease phrases, then you have to to include the quantity in the income for that 12 months.Category: Funeral Directors | show me more
Address:
19 Arlington Avenue
Newcastle upon Tyne
NE3 4TS
Landline: 0191 28...
Website:
Website: Visit Website
Funeral Directors, Funeral Services, Undertaker, Cremations, Burials, Funeral Plans, Pre Paid Funeral, Funeral Directors Newcastle, Funerals Newcastle, Funeral Services Newcastle
Report a problem with this listing
Mark Wait Funeral Service is a truly independent funeral service. I am not part of any national company, not incorporated and do not have various business names, I am Mark Wait Funeral Service.
Reviews for this businessLeave a review
Mark Wait Funeral Service
Verified ID: 606393953439744
Verified 07/01/2018 @ 07:05:30
Last updated 07/01/2018 @ 07:05:50
Learn more about Verification in the Central Index
Monday to Sunday
12:00 to 23:59The owner of the B&B we were staying at recommended this as a must-have lunch! He was right! It was a bit of a wait but that's because it's a popular spot and the portions are huge - therefore, definitely worth the wait! The fish...More
31 - 40 of 74 reviews
Don't be fooled by the look and location. Oil is fresh and so is fish. I hate those fried fish that a bite contains more flour than meat. This one is just perfect. My friend said it's better than what she had in England. One...More
Your first instinct would be to pass this place up. DON'T, the fish is fresh, boneless and skinless and DELICIOUS! The tender whitefish is coated in batter and fried to a perfect crispy crunchy golden brown. The fries are fresh and the tartar sauce homemade....More
We went for drive and stumbled across this little trailer. If you are looking for ambiance this is not the place for you. It is in a run down lot with a porta potty. But the fish and chips were great. Crispy and tasty herb...More
A bit disappointed. Fish is a bit fishy even though they said they got the fish just the day before. Fries are ok. Tartar sauce is yummy. Good herb batter. It's just too many Mosquitos hovering around us while eating. Extremely interrupting n distracting. Affected...More
We almost drove right by...nothing but prior reviews would have made us stop. Really glad we did! The dinners seem a little pricey until you taste them...and three of us split two and we were all very satisfied. FYI-they take last orders at 7:50 p.m.
We vacation in tobermory every summer and have always eaten at the fish and chip place or shipwreck lees which are both hit or miss. At first i saw the prices and it was quite a bit more expensive than the places in town but...More
Place is kind of run down......but that the place where you can find the best local food. What can I say about the fish and chips? Honestly the best I have ever had!!!! I've had fish and chips all over the country and this is...More
I've never had better, and that's something since I usually try the fish and chips every place I travel to. It even beats my favourite fish and chips place in Scotland. Although, I must be honest, if they had the Scottish brown sauce available, it...More
My boyfriend and I LOVE food and had quite a bit of share of trying out different types of fish and chips and we both agree that DNA Fish and Chips is the most amazing we've ever had. WHY? The batter is just SO amazing....More! ----------JBODYHEADER213-sets background color---moved to css----- -->
14k Gold Golf Charms, Gold Golf Clubs and Golf Bags
JMckinley offers a great selection of golf charms from gold golf balls to golf clubs
14k Gold Golf Charms
click on image below
to see more views and to buy
JJK4305 14k gold golf ball charms enameled golf ball on tee.. $336.77
wow $168.32
JJD3475 14k gold golf ball charms golf ball on tee.. $80.05
wow $40.01
JJK3558 14k gold hole in one charms hole in one with golf club.. $74.53
wow $37.25
JJYC1008 14k gold golf cart charms with enamel accents.. $121.46
wow $60.70
JJYC1007 14k gold golf flag charms enameled golf flag on green.. $104.90
wow $52.43
JJD3361 14k gold golf ball charms with satin finish.. $89.71
wow $44.84
JJD3359 14k gold golf cart charms with satin finish.. $110.42
wow $55.19
JJC3545 14k gold golf club charms Number 1 pendant with golf club.. $89.71
wow $44.84
JJC3543 14k gold i love golf charms i heart golf pendant with golf club and ball.. $70.39
wow $35.18
JJC2622 14k gold golf charms polished golf scene inside circle leaf pendant.. $184.95
wow $92.44
JJC2621 14k gold golf charms polished golf ball on tee with flag.. $338.15
wow $169.01
JJD1437 14k gold golf gal charms polished golf gal with flag.. $84.19
wow $42.08
JJD1435 14k gold golf charms polished golf ball on green with flag.. $162.86
wow $81.40
JJC722 14k gold i love golf charms i heart golf with satin finish and diamond cut accents.. $144.92
wow $72.43
JJC715 14k gold golf ball charms with polished finish.. $176.67
wow $88.30
JJC40 14k gold golf ball charms with satin finish.. $126.98
wow $63.46
JJD4281 14k gold clubs and ball charms 3-d golf clubs and ball with polished finish.. $252.58
wow $126.24
JJD4280 14k gold golf club charms 3-dimensional with polished finish.. $93.85
wow $46.91
JJK3550 14k gold golf bag charms with polished finish.. $173.91
wow $86.92
JJYC1009 14k gold golf club charms with rhodium golf ball.. $66.25
wow $33.11
JJK3560 14k gold golf bag charms with rhodium golf clubs.. $222.21
wow $111.06
JJK3551 14k gold golf club charms with polished finish.. $150.44
wow $75.19
JJK3561 14k gold golf bag charms bag and clubs with polished finish.. $66.25
wow $33.11
JJK3549 14k gold golf club charms with enamel accents.. $168.39
wow $84.16
JJYC1005 14k gold brown golfbag charms.. $121.46
wow $60.70
JJD3357 14k gold golf bag charms with textured finish.. $96.61
wow $48.29
JJD3360 14k gold golf club charms with satin finish.. $78.67
wow $39.32
JJC3549 14k gold golfer charms 3d golfer in swing.. $565.89
wow $282.83
JJC3548 14k gold golf bag charms with textured finish.. $175.29
wow $87.61
JJC3546 14k gold double golf clubs charms 3d double golf clubs with ball.. $143.54
wow $71.74
JJC3544 14k gold golf clubs charms 3-dimensional crossed golf clubs with ball.. $115.94
wow $57.95
JJC2624 14k gold male golfer charms satin finish male golfer with diamond cut accents.. $171.15
wow $85.54
JJC2623 14k gold female golfer charms satin finish female golfer with diamond cut accents.. $154.58
wow $77.26
JJC2618 14k gold golf bag with clubs charms polished golf bag with clubs.. $207.03
wow $103.47
JJC2617 14k gold golfbag charms polished golf bag with clubs.. $299.51
wow $149.69
JJC2616 14k gold golf bag charms polished 3-dimensional golf bag with clubs.. $265.00
wow $132.45
JJK1107 14k white gold golf bag charms polished 3-dimensional golf bag with clubs.. $182.19
wow $91.06
JJM780A 14k gold golf bag charms diamond-cut golf bag with satin finish.. $219.45
wow $109.68
JJC728 14k gold male golfer charms diamond-cut male golfer with satin finish.. $331.25
wow $165.56
JJC727 14k gold female golfer charms diamond-cut female golfer with satin finish.. $378.18
wow $189.01
JJC726 14k gold female golfer charms diamond-cut female golfer with satin finish.. $205.65
wow $102.78
JJC719 14k gold golf bag charms diamond-cut golf bag with satin finish.. $356.09
wow $177.98
JJC718 14k gold golf bag charms diamond-cut golf bag with satin finish.. $253.96
wow $126.93
JJC717 14k gold golf bag charms diamond-cut golf bag with satin finish.. $158.72
wow $79.33
JJA9481 14k gold golf club charms 3-dimensional two-tone golf club and ball.. $236.02
wow $117.96
JJA9480 14k gold golf club charms 3d single golf club with polished finish.. $89.71
wow $44.84
JJA9477 14k gold golf bag charms 3-dimensional two-tone golf bag with clubs.. $578.31
wow $289.04
JJA7107 14k gold golf bag charms 3-dimensional golf bag with polished finish.. $195.99
wow $97.96
JJA2145 14k gold male golfer charms male golfer stamped on disc pendant with engraveable back and satin finish.. $369.90
wow $184.Enterprise Network Thin Clients
Enterprise Network Thin Client (ENTC) is a minimal, centrally managed hardware that has no hard drive. It is used as a personal computer replacement technology to aid customers in promptly accessing virtualized applications. They provide businesses with a way of creating a virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI).What are the benefits of using ENTC?
There are many benefits that come with ENTC for different enterprises. This IT infrastructure focuses on centralizing a business through virtual-desktop technologies. Benefits of doing this include:
- Simplified management: The centralization brought about by thin clients allows enterprises to upgrade their software and hardware components as well as make software changes in the data center. In addition, the IT personnel are not burdened with the need to go to the desktop location to fix individual problems as they are with the PCs. The less downtime brought about by ENTCs increases productivity among IT personnel and end users.
- Increased productivity: This technology allows for virtual pre-configuration of systems and operations in minutes. It enables flexibility and quickens setup without the need for specialized staff. In addition, one can access data and apps from virtually anywhere.
- Enhanced security: The security that comes with thin clients protects it from the introduction of viruses. Centralized processing makes it easier to monitor and manage the system. In addition, data cannot be saved to any other location another than the server. Consequently, it ensures data security, simplification of privacy, and protection of the intellectual property of the enterprise.
This involves separating the logical interface of the user's device from its physical location, allowing the user to access data from anywhere. One interacts with the virtual machine the same way they would with a physical desktop. It lets users remotely log in and have access to their desktop from any location.What are the different types of ENTC?
- Basic thin clients: These have a proprietary operating system that delivers server-based activities on a thin-client device. The server carries out all processing activities, including web browsing.
- Browser thin clients: Here, applications are processed in the web browser and a browser. It makes use of ordinary PCs that are connected to the internet. It features all competencies of a basic thin client but with more power and functionality.
- Flexible thin clients: This type runs on Windows XP Embedded OS. It has all features that come with the browser one but has the more local processing power.
An ENTC has the capability of running web browsers as well as desktop applications such as Citrix XenApp or Microsoft Terminal app, thus you are able to see the desktop environment or browser that you are used to.arctic cat jag afs piston rings; 1919 west end avenue nashville, dark oscillators superstar dj mp3? north greene high school il: ashley judd life luke normal perry. manhunt 2 cheat codes for playstation 2 16 august bci creative printer site web. fuse block diagram honda accord ex long layers for wavy hair, directv hr10 250 hd dvr? bikini brazilian in string woman; retaining walls vinyl sheet residential add connection point in visio. revenge of the nerds part 2; all of the human body systems airline carry on food items. tools for hardwood floor finishing... car rentals st kitts caribbean st. georges island md real estate.
definiton of third world debt: what is a two way speaker: reliance land line customer care! nintendo legend of zelda link best rock bands of the 2000... cost for a public inground pool, a perfect day for bananfish definition of marriage in india... north carolina police department jobs cheap calls india to uk, best 9mm semi automatic pistol. lil wayne my life lyricks corecodec coreplayer 1.2 0 s60v2 including? to close on a house best diets for quick results. 3d fantasy bilder luis royo, la salle bank handel's messiah.
online general interest family magazine... ef100 400mm f4 5 5.6 l. communications and advertising agency cambridgeuk: discounts for credit union members. united benefits of america scam, what is the meaning of copious? james van der beek pics megaman battle network 5 team protoman gba baseball bay devil ray tampa ticket. bug me not firefox extension; pop up blocker for windows new york state high school athletics! vista medical center hospital pasadena tx daytona bush entry list 2008. 2009 big ten indoor track, african american inventor ice cream what is a certificate holder.
council for the spanish speaking milwaukee... citizens national bank of paris unsolicited calls to cell phones. workers compensation attorneys port charlotte box controller pc use x in new puppy store york. cheryl keyes let me take you there: old saybrook connecticut town hall album curiosity fragment leaf liszt rarities. big bay de noc michigan, visa fleet credit card investigations toto bt 500ar sedona beige bidet. best card credit offer student disadvantages of an electron microscope: clube filme imperador o resumo. at the crossroads of american photography: lmc grader box and lmc finish mower. of the northwest coast native does naruto become a jounin, ben harper jack johnson cd!
works progress administration in the 1930's; 3 mobile broadband coverage checker attribute form for the fill in. real estate investing made simple where can i buy a crepe maker: wooden letters for nursery wall. allen division ethan pine valley, contract of evil fan film protection de l enfance et de la! commercial contractor industrial integrated software; capital of the domenican republic, help on ps2 from russia with love. ncaa division iii field hockey tournament articles on lord of the flies, where can i buy rosary... netgear router with com port hotels close to the nia mt carmel by the river. meaning of coin operated boy arc weld in west newton pa...Happy World Intellectual Property Day!
Today, April 26, is World Intellectual Property Day, with this year's them being: “Innovation: Improving Lives." The theme focuses on the impact of innovation in our everyday lives. Intellectual property (IP) protection, meaning copyrights, patents, trademarks, and trade secrets, inspire innovators to create and innovate by affording them protection for their ideas/inventions. This protection inspires and promotes innovation, and, in turn, gets the IP into the hands of the public.
Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution empowers the Congress to "promote the Process of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries." This is commonly referred to as the "Copyright Clause," or the "Patent and Copyright Clause." It is important for us all, especially policymakers, to remember this Constitutional right.
As this World Intellectual Property Day arrives, US policymakers need to keep certain considerations in mind when passing any sorts of regulations relating to IP, both domestically and globally. According to the IP Commission Report, the American economy suffers annual losses between $225 billion and $600 billion from counterfeit goods, pirated software, and theft of trade secrets. Additionally, there is a value of $52 billion in pirated software worldwide in 2015. This all results in lost revenue of $18 billion for the American economy, totaling more than $1.2 trillion in damages from economic espionage and IP piracy since 2013.
Thus, protections worldwide for American IP is a growing concern. American policymakers need to negotiate stronger IP protections for Americans worldwide. These stronger IP protections globally will result in mutual gains and promote global economic growth.
Remember your Constitutionally-guaranteed IP rights on this World Intellectual Property Day. And think about how you can use IP to benefit you and your business.Description
L3G4200D is a 3 axis gyroscope, providing you with very high resolution (16 bit) measurements at up to 2000 degrees per second (dps).
The gyroscope measures how much the device is rotating around all three axis, the range is user selectable and so can be adjusted to suit your application..
- 3.6V ~6.5V Supply Voltage, typically 5V
- I2C and SPI interfaces
- 3 Axis Measurements
- Adjustable resolution (250, 500, 2000 dps)
- Very sensitive measurements (8.75mdps/LSB)
- Anti-reverse IIC interface head to prevent again wrong hardware connection.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (2)
Publication Year
2011
2012
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (0)
- Last 10 years (2)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Brain Region
Cell Type
Method
Learn More
- Sonya Giridhar, Brent Doiron, Nathaniel N. Urban
- Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences…
- 2011… (More)
- Sonya Giridhar, Nathaniel N. Urban
- Front. Neural Circuits
- 2012… (More)2001 Pontiac Montana.
Model. up front, with a twist-beam axle in the rear; again like the Olds and Chevy minivans. The twist-beam axle is simpler than an independent setup, but nearly as light, and contributes much-needed rear roll stiffness in a front-heavy vehicle.
Interior Features have been moved for 2001, from down near the floor to up on the front console; and the MontanaVision flat-panel color monitor screen has been expanded from 5.6 inches to 6.8. It still folds down from the ceiling where the front-seat occupants can’t see it, a legal requirement. Separate controls allow mid and rear-seat passengers to adjust the volume on individual headphones, and to regulate heating and cooling in their area. All of this equipment will keep rear-seaters busy and entertained. What we like best about this system is its integration. Aftermarket systems we’ve tried tend to be more difficult to use and not as durable.
Driving Impressions
Whatever Pontiac wants it to, especially versions that have the Sport Performance and Handling Package. It’s tires don’t complain until you push very hard, and that’s unique for a minivan. Body roll is less noticeable in the Montana than it is in the Silhouette and Venture; the state. The EPA estimates highway fuel economy at 26 mpg. Traction control is optional; and because of its styling, handling and braking. The Montana was also the favorite of women responding to Good Housekeeping’s latest driving survey.. And it still has all the bins and cubbies of the Oldsmobile and Chevy versions.
Montana Montana.You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
It is no surprise that lots of people opt for bankruptcy when confronted with an insurmountable amount of personal debt; however, there are many things to consider, such as other available options, before choosing this strategy. While some balk at the idea, others are compelled to seriously contemplate consumer bankruptcy with practical focus given to the benefits and drawbacks. Filing for bankruptcy will not be an uncomplicated choice or an easy course of action. There have been several changes designed in order to make the process more difficult and much less accessible. Yet, with desperation, thousands of people in the U.S. make use of this solution to cope with their impossible debt.
On the subject of moves of such a magnitude, it is essential to be informed about the subject, so do your research and look into the details. In terms of resources to educate yourself about the pros and cons associated with bankruptcy, this guide is a good spot to start. After you discover a lttle bit concerning the consumer bankruptcy process, we'll examine the different bankruptcy alternatives in Kings Beach, California which you will be wise to think about.
What exactly does Consumer Bankruptcy lead to for Kings Beach, California citizens?
Before you start to really give consideration to consumer bankruptcy, you've got to fully understand it; which takes far more than a quick book definition. Unpaid debt affects consumers and businesses alike, so you can find bankruptcy options for each. The thing that several people and businesses do not realize is that there are several types of methods to file for these wide classes. When it comes to consumer bankruptcy, most individuals are going to use Chapter 7 or Chapter 13.
Consumer bankruptcy proceedings are largely useful for the clients that have gotten to a level of consumer debt that can't be practically surmounted in a short time with other available options. It is normally a lengthy process during which a bankruptcy proceedings judge is taking accounts of your history from each of your debt collectors. In order to consider your options very carefully to make a well informed decision, you will have to find out more on those options.
Chapter 7 Consumer Bankruptcy Proceedings - Liquidation/Straight Bankruptcy
One thing you'll need to understand about Chapter 7 is the terminology. Words which are useful to reference Chapter 7 consist of "liquidation" and "straight bankruptcy." With this option, you could wind up losing property, which explains why people try everything they are able to to avoid it.
The pleasing factor is that you may get many bad debts forgiven, like healthcare debts, past due loans and credit card debt. The obligations which aren't likely to be sorted out are the ones associated with property and assets. Hence, your car loan and student loans usually are not impacted. When people decide on Chapter 7, they have to understand beforehand that these asset related debts can result in the loss of property.
Ultimately, going through the hard steps involved in declaring straight bankruptcy and having all of your financial weaknesses discussed and resolved, the process is over and you will move on with your life. You'll want to be aware, however, that you're likely to be experiencing the effects of consumer bankruptcy for a long time after you've finished this process.
Essential Things to Think About
Now, exactly what are the most important benefits associated with Chapter 7 liquidation? A primary advantage is the way that it is possible to eliminate pretty much all, at least the vast majority, of your personal debt. Following this process, you'll have 0 (or hardly any) unsecured debts to take care of. Forfeiting your assets will then do away with the secured outstanding debts.
For those assets that are essential to your daily routine, there's 'personal property exemptions' permitted by federal and state governments. Losing the majority of your valuable assets is a painful blow; but remember Chapter 7 Kings Beach, California consumer bankruptcy filing isn't meant as a way to hold you on your knees or to prevent you from obtaining improved economic autonomy in the future. You may be allowed to keep your retirement savings, some cash, part of your homestead and your vehicle. When considering all of these exemptions, however, each state is unique.
For anyone who is in a position to take responsibility for remaining up to date on installments, it's also possible to get to "reaffirm" secured obligations including a mortgage loan and vehicle loan. This is actually the easiest way to hold onto some of your stuff.
What is important to learn regarding liquidation is it offers you a chance to begin again and restructure. Going back to the beginning is equally advantageous and disadvantageous; it's a fresh set to restructure, yet it takes a long time to do so.
Based on the following drawbacks of Chapter 7 liquidation, you may decide that it's not worth the expense. You'll lose much of your assets. All your valuable possessions, non-essential property and even savings are likely to be lost to this method.
Manydebts aren't going to be forgiven through Chapter 7. Student education loans, property tax debts and alimony/child support are going to survive the consumer bankruptcy proceedings and you will still need to pay them off. You will also experience the effects on the credit for ten years. Throughout that time period, it will be tougher to acquire work, receive consumer credit and lending options and to rent or purchase a residence.
Finally, it's important to be aware that the two types of bankruptcy proceedings are concerns of open public data. As soon as you file, the specifics of your case, like potentially private individual matters, are likely to be readily available for anyone who would like to review them. Loan providers and potential employers are going to be equipped to see this data and are liable to base conclusions on what they find.
The Chapter 13 Bankruptcy Approach
Reorganization is a different phrase that's commonly used with regard to Chapter 13 bankruptcy. Your personal aims and problems determine which of the options is best for you.
Reorganization isn't going to take care of unsecured expenses in the same way as straight bankruptcy. Rather, it produces a structure whereby these expenses can be restructured and eventually repaid.
If your creditors are all in agreement and you have got a bankruptcy proceeding judge to manage the situation, then it's a solution for you. Often creditors will take an extended repayment schedule, decreased interest or even lowered principals in a Kings Beach, California consumer bankruptcy case if they realize they are guaranteed to be given well-timed installment payments. This is the alternative to choose if you are trying to keep the secured obligations out of everything. When a judge approves you for Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy, this process needs to start within 45 days. It'll then take three to five years to carry out.
Advantages plus Disadvantages of Reorganization
Reorganization doesn't require surrendering all your valuable assets. Chapter 13 reorganization offers you a 2nd chance by offering you some time and breathing space to return to your feet. For most, it is reorganization that saves them from the hardship of losing everything to Chapter 7 proceedings.
While the positive aspects are very appealing, we have also got to consider the shortcomings prior to moving on. Much like straight bankruptcy, Chapter 13 is subject to common public record and can significantly affect your credit ranking. You'll need to contend with the Chapter 13 on the credit only for 7 years.
Before You Decide To Choose Bankruptcy Proceedings, Think About Refinancing Your Home
the HARP refinance program (Home Affordable Refinance Program) is exactly like it sounds, it enables you to re-finance your home loan with more affordable interest rates and monthly payment sums. This could liberate some funds to help you more effectively repay what you owe and avoid needing to think of bankruptcy proceedings after all.
Lots of individuals think about employing the value in their properties for a consolidation loan yet there are a few drawbacks to doing this.
Consolidation Loans: Beware of Greeks Bearing Gifts
Debt consolidation loans are the next consumer debt relief method to avoid bankruptcy proceedings that is worth investigating and knowing a bit about. Debt consolidation loans are chosen to settle consumer debt. After that is carried out, you can expect to owe the consolidation loan company just one month-to-month payment to pay for all of the debt.
Before you choose that method according to 1st thoughts, you should look into all the down sides, as well. If you happen to miss an installment on your consolidation loan, the loan provider could say you are defaulted quicker than you anticipate. Of course, this approach could lead to ruinous effects on your credit score.
Perhaps even more important, debt consolidation isn't available to everybody. Loan providers won't want to work with folks without solid credit. If your credit is lower than 630, it's going to be hard for you to get a consolidation loan without having sky high interest.
Debt Negotiation Services are Yet a Solution for Many in Kings Beach, California
The Kings Beach, California bankruptcy alternative of debt negotiation services might be a more suitable approach for your needs, as it's not influenced by good credit. Compared with consumer bankruptcy proceedings, consumer debt negotiation is not ever a subject of general public information. Anyone that does a record check can observe that you have declared consumer bankruptcy. They can't see, however, that you've worked with the option for consumer debt negotiation.
Debt negotiation is particularly popular as another replacement for Chapter 13 reorganization, that also reduces the amount that you owe.
Contrary to consumer bankruptcy, though, it may take only 2 to 4 years to carry out and isn't going to remain on your credit report for up to a decade. Moreover, in lieu of worrying through numerous payments, you can just make one single payment to the debt negotiation service.
There is Even More to Discover About the Alternate Options to Bankruptcy
Obviously you are dealing with debt and looking for solutions. Due to the long term catastrophic affects of bankruptcy, you will discover a lower number of situations when it's undeniably your best course of action than there are situations that can be settled by other, much less damaging ways. Submit the 100% free, zero-commitment contact form to speak with a professional concerning your alternate options. Additional info can be obtained about these different strategies (including consumer debt negotiation services) on the highly recommended bankruptcy alternative options web page. An alternative would be to contact us by calling (855)375-6700. You'll be able to consult with a consumer debt negotiation specialist to find the guidance you need to recognize the ideal option for your own financial debt circumstances.This is an extended extract from the forthcoming book by me, Cassanrda Mantis. The title is to be confirmed as yet. This is just Part One. Part Two will be following here very soon. Below is a short extract. This is the taster, a nice juicy part one of a big Chapter from the book. A weekend sleep-over in a friend's house gets very naughty for the 8 girls. There will be part 2 coming soon. It's a coming of age, coming out, finding true love kind of story. Follow the link for the full version of Part One. (The link opens a Hub Page in a new tab.)
"The idea of a sleep over for 8 girls was great. The fact that it was going to be 8 lesbians, or at least 8 girls with wayward sexual tendencies - was even better, and being 16 years old, and bursting with hormones, we were all looking forward to it. There’d be dressing up, make-up, music, games, stories, magic , palm-reading, shopping comparisons, art, jokes, flirting, and later probably some drinking, smoking and card games and then some naughty stuff, experimenting - as we girlies liked to do. Being Sixteen, naughty to us was kissing and sleeping over sometimes. Basically it was a weekend of partly-realistic teenage delinquency and debauchery and a get-together to see who would snog who. We were not yet progressed to the full-on heavy stuff that gay women or adults did. (And some of us never would.) But my friend Penny told me that a last minute change had been made and that a new girl was being added to replace a sick friend. I was surprised to find Ronda tell me “It’s the Jap girl”. There was a Japanese girl in my class, a very quiet girl who spoke to no one. I was surprised..."
More to come soon. Meanwhile - check out some nice books and films of a similar nature! And check this review of a truly delightful poetry collection by Marifel Collection, a girl's delight - "Toss and Turn".
Cassy.Castaneda v. Superior Court, No. B259950 (D2d8 Jun. 24, 2015)
L.A. Superior Court runs a mediation program called CRASH, where two volunteer attorney referees, assisted by a settlement judge, try to work out settlements in employment cases. To plaintiff’s displeasure, six months after a CRASH mediation where his counsel allegedly disclosed confidential strategies to the panel, one of the attorney volunteers’ partners substituted in as counsel for the defendant. Nobody disputes that the volunteer would be DQed from the case. The issue is whether the conflict should be vicariously imputed to her partner. The trial court held that, regardless of whether confidential info had been disclosed, an ethical screen-off of the volunteer would be sufficient to impute any conflict. Plaintiff took a writ.
Given the significance of California in the legal market and the number of large firm with a presence here, one would think that there’s relatively deep precedent on conflicts and the efficacy of screening. Wrong. The California case-law is eerily thin on when ethical screens can be effective to avoid imputing conflicts between lawyers within a firm. The Supreme Court has expressly punted on the issue, and there are a handful court of appeal cases that suggest, more or less, that screens work. Sometimes.
On the other hand, California law can be rather emphatic on when screening isn’t effective. One of those situations is when a judge who obtained ex parte* confidences from a party retires and moves to a firm. The interest of the integrity of the judicial process and matters of public trust mandate that screening—no matter how scrupulous—can never be effective to permit the judge’s firm to avoid vicarious conflicts. The court finds that rule applies here, even though the volunteers were not themselves judicial officers in any relevant sense. On that point, the court notes that the volunteers might be referees, and the Cannons of Judicial Ethics regarding lawyers acting as referees invoke the same interests that apply to actual judges.
But in any event, even for judicial officers and their ilk, the automatic vicarious conflict rule applies only if the judge/referee obtained ex parte information when acting in that capacity.** Trial court never made any definitive findings on that account, so it will need to do so to resolve this issue.
Writ granted with instructions.
*N.B. Real ex parte (i.e., in camera), not California ex parte.
**This seems to implicitly suggest that judges who join firms can be effectively screened over matters in which they presided in an ordinary judicial capacity, provided they weren’t privy to ex parte information.Pensioner Brian Santy was left speechless after his phone and broadband service stopped working and he was slapped with a penalty of £177.43 when he switched to another provider.
The retired engineer from Gosport hadn’t exactly get off to a good start with telecoms giant TalkTalk soon after he’d signed up with the firm three years earlier.
It was unable to get the landline and broadband service up and running, so sent out an engineer to get Brian connected. He wound up with a call-out charge of £50 because TalkTalk couldn’t get him linked up to the network just a matter of days after he’d signed on the dotted line.
A rattled Brian, 82, let that pass and remained fiercely loyal to the firm, even when its customer database was hacked by fraudsters in 2016 and subscribers’ security information compromised.
But the goodwill was rapidly exhausted when in mid-March Brian’s communications service suddenly stopped working again and TalkTalk couldn’t get the disconnection sorted.
Brian said: ‘I’ve had nothing but trouble from day one. On the second occasion I was without a phone or an internet connection for 25 days.
‘That’s what made life so difficult because they couldn’t get in touch with me and I couldn’t contact them.
‘The first warning I had was when a message came up on the phone to say the network was down and to check the phone line.
‘I waited the whole day thinking it was just a blip, but nothing happened so the following day I had to use a friend’s phone to ring the call centre, which I believe was in India. A guy spent quite a bit of time checking for me.
‘I must have been on the phone for three-quarters-of an hour.
‘He asked me to take a cover off, but I had to explain to him I wasn’t in my own premises and I couldn’t do anything because I hadn’t got a line.
‘After another two days without a connection, I phoned again and spoke to another guy.
‘He asked whether it was about the original complaint, but after nothing further happened for seven days I wrote the company a letter to say it was in breach of contract because the service hadn’t been fixed quickly enough after it stopped working. I was cancelling my direct debit and I wanted nothing more to do with it.’
Having decided to take the bull by the horns, Brian arranged to switch to Vodafone, but it couldn’t complete the changeover until mid-April.
To make matters worse, he was unable to communicate with the firm, other than by letter.
Initially TalkTalk wrote apologising profusely for the way it had let him down.
Then when he made it clear he wasn’t going to rethink the switch to another provider, the tone of the correspondence took on a significantly more ominous stance.
The increasingly angry exchange wasn’t moderated when the day arrived for the switch to Vodafone, which went without a hitch.
However to Brian’s surprise the defective TalkTalk line was simultaneously restored.
In the meantime the firm apologised for letting its standards slip, but confirmed it was billing him with a contract breakage fee.
Anxious to know where he stood, Brian contacted Streetwise for advice.
We agreed with him that the loss of his broadband and phone service for the best part of a month without any offer of compensation amounted to a serious breach of contract.
We spoke to Ofcom the telecommunications regulator, which told us its research indicated Brian was just one of 5.7 million cases each year of customers experiencing a loss of their telecommunications service.
They were in the process of consulting with the industry to ensure people were automatically compensated for service outages prior to the introduction of new rules in the autumn.
We also contacted TalkTalk’s chief executive’s office and asked what the firm had to say about Brian’s complaint.
Following our intervention, to its credit TalkTalk quickly had a change of heart.
It told us it had 28 days to fix a service fault before a customer’s termination fee was waived, but we found no evidence of such a stipulation in its ‘small print’ terms and conditions.
A spokesperson said: ‘We are sorry that Mr Santy decided to leave TalkTalk, and apologise for any confusion caused once he had cancelled his account. We have waived all outstanding charges and his account is now closed.’
Brian said he was relieved the dispute had finally been resolved.
‘To be honest, I’ve never been without a phone and what upset me most of all was TalkTalk’s complete lack of interest’, he said.
‘I felt so elated that Streetwise was on my side.
‘I can’t thank you enough for your part in bringing this excellent result about.
‘You’re the best thing that’s happened to me this year.’The Economic Observer Highlights Green Development Strategies for China
Benson Chen, an architect in the Shanghai office of NBBJ, was recently interviewed by The Economic Observer about the opportunities and challenges of green design in China. Dispelling the myth that sustainable design is necessarily more expensive, he described how green buildings can often pay for themselves in energy savings, in low-cost passive design strategies or by commanding a higher price on the market. He also noted the important role government regulation plays in improving environmental performance.
A complete transcript is available (in Chinese) at The Economic Observer.Article
Courteous Cars: Decentralized Multiagent Traffic CoordinationDepartmental Papers (ESE)
AbstractA.
Document TypeJournal Article
Date of this Version3-1-2008
Citation InformationHadas Kress-Gazit, David C Connor, Howie Choset, Alfred A Rizzi, et al.. "Courteous Cars: Decentralized Multiagent Traffic Coordination" (2008).This week’s new and updated Quick Tips highlights from HowTo-Outlook’s Q&A blog MSOutlook.info:
- Changing the business hours and days for a Work Week in the Calendar
- Disable Conversation View in Outlook on the Web, OWA or Outlook.com
- Process your mail quicker with keyboard shortcuts
- Backing up the Address Book
- Applying custom View settings to all folders at once
These tips and other headlines can also be followed via
2018 Toyota Tundra 4WD
1794 Edition CrewMax 5.5' Bed 5.7L FFV
$54,160
About This Toyota
2018 Toyota Tundra 4WD
1794 Edition CrewMax 5.5' Bed 5.7L FFV
13
17
Vehicle Overview
![ Dare to
Compare]()
4WD, Bwn Blk Ld Leather, 12 Speakers, 4.30 Axle Ratio, 4-Wheel Disc Brakes, ABS brakes, Air Conditioning, Alloy wheels, AM/FM radio: SiriusXM, Auto High-beam Headlights, Auto-dimming door mirrors, Auto-dimming Rear-View mirror, Automatic temperature control, Blind Spot Sensor, Brake assist, CD player, Compass, (LD),, Western Grade Package, 4WD, Bwn Blk Ld Leather.
2018 Toyota Tundra Smoked Mesquite 1794
So come on down to Round Rock Toyota or call us today to schedule your test drive. We are easy to get to from Austin, Bastrop, Bee Cave, Belton, Brenham, Buda, Cedar Park, Copperas Cove, Dripping.For those in the know, the Korean supermarket chain H-Mart is a wonderful place to shop–they have a fish department and a meat department that puts virtually all American supermarket chains to shame, as well as a fantastic produce department and an in-store food court where the hungry shopper can choose from a variety great dishes.
For over a year now people in New England have been eagerly awaiting the announced grand opening of a new H-Mart in Burlington, Massachusetts, New England’s first. The big day finally arrived this past Friday, and the place was absolutely mobbed. There was even a nice little writeup in the Boston Globe. The store was mobbed all day Friday, with parking overflowing into lots of nearby businesses. I decided to make my first visit today, and as my wife and I navigated our way through the sea of people, all I can say is that I was completely overwhelmed by the place. The produce section was fantastic–while there were dozens of Asian vegetables I did not recognize, there was a full array of typical fruits and vegetables that form the backbone of American cuisine. In particular, the selection of fresh mushrooms and hot peppers is awesome. There is a small section in the back corner of the produce area dedicated to fresh Kimchi and other pickled dishes. People were buying this stuff by the bucket-load. Next to the produce section is the food court, which has a French-Asian bakery, a sushi place, several Asian food stands and an Indian curry place. The food court businesses are independently owned, so I assume each H-Mart is different. We were planning on eating there after we finished shopping, but the place was so mobbed that it was simply not possible.
Next we came to the meat section–it’s hard to even describe. The beef all looks great, with some cuts that were familiar to me, and other cuts (paper-thin slices of ribeye steak, small cross cut sections of short ribs, etc.) clearly geared towards Asian dishes. We bought some thin slices of hanger steak (a cut you can almost never find in an American supermarket or butcher shop) and some ox-tail, and also some of the thinly sliced rib-eye steaks. The quality is very good. Everything is USDA Choice, and much of it is Certified Black Angus. The prices clearly undercut local supermarket chain prices, and given how close HMart is to my work, the meat department alone will turn me into a regular customer. But really, the meat department is just a teaser, because after that comes the seafood.
Seafood, seafood, and more seafood
In the tanks they have live eels, geoduck clams, abalone, lobster, and–get this–dungeness crab. For someone like me who grew up in the Pacific Northwest, access to live dungeness crab is a wonderful thing. The fish counter is some forty feet long or so, and it’s that big for a reason. The selection is wonderful–grouper, red snapper, salmon (wild and farm-raised), catfish, tilapia, red tilapia, wild bluefish, striped bass, and a whole lot of great looking fish I’ve never even seen before. They clearly have the best selection of fish that I’ve ever seen on the east coast. There’s squid, octopus, oysters, wonderful shrimp (we bought some large head on shrimp from Peru for only $5.99 / lb.).
Beyond the seafood area is a pretty conventional dairy section, which would be right at home in any American supermarket. Up to this point we’ve made one counterclockwise trip around the store’s perimeter. A two-aisle frozen food section runs down the middle of the store that contains mostly Asian foods–we bought some won-ton wrappers and some frozen dumplings after tasting some samples, and they were great.
That brings us to the grocery aisles. In addition to the huge variety of Asian food one would expect, there is a decent amount of Indian food in the store, as well as a section for Hispanic groceries. There’s even a bit of Italian food in the store, including Carnaroli rice, a relatively hard-to-find variety that is preferred over Arborio rice by most Italians for Risotto dishes. And the price for the Carnaroli rice was significantly lower than at Whole Foods.
If you have a chance, stop in and experience H-Mart for yourself–we had a great time and we’re both looking forward to cooking up some of the many things we purchased there!
H-Mart
3 Old Concord Road
Burlington, Massachusetts 01803
The?.
Also on HuffPost
1000 characters remaining
More On This Topic
Entertainment
Yes, Even America’s Golden Boy Chris Pratt Is A Mansplainer
Entertainment
Nick Offerman Shoots Down ‘Parks And Rec’ Theory About Leslie Knope
Entertainment
Francis Ford Coppola Says ‘The Godfather’ Wouldn’t Get Made Today.
Reblogged this on ETC., ETC., & ETC..
Petrodollars baby.
The House of Saud is spreading this insanity while also spreading money, power, and “extras” to the All Powerful Elite. Bill’s 12 yro girlfriends are easy to supply when you are the overlord in their community. Wining and dining Senators and Representatives is simple, when these same fornicators are more than willing to sell their country to you. Especially land and companies that Congress does not own. Send the US Military to do your bidding? A very easy task when you know whose palm to grease. Need a way around troublesome laws? Just hire the correct lobbyist firm, invoke antidiscrimination laws on your behalf, and voila! Instant access to US Taxpayer paid for arms and military equipment.
The New World Order is more than willing to play for pay. It is all so sordid that the coming Festivities will be a relief in some ways.
“more than willing to sell their country to you.”
It’s not a question of selling out countries to them. They don’t think in terms of countries. They believe that they are part of the group that owns the world – and they’ve got a fair bit of evidence to support that contention. They may well be part of the lowest rung of the global elite, but they are part of it. Many of them, at least.
Stealth hit the bullseye 10 ring.
When you can digitize currency masquerading as ‘wealth,” and in a heartbeat wire funds into an offshore account and make someone an instant multi-millionaire for doing some political “favor,” you’ve lost all moral, spiritual, and honorable moorings.
Cleaning up this mess will either proceed quickly or slowly, but each has its own special hazards. Viz. a good puke or enema or a long protracted illness resulting in death.
Jury is still out.
I wonder where I will be headed this Memorial Day.
Ended up with fifth generation families of pioneer stock .Extended family in one area. Smart move many generations ago. Family,tribe and clan are essential. If you don’t have a common bond…invent and nurture one.
If you do happen to come out the other side of the impending cluster-fuck of biblical proportions, it would be comforting to have some familiar faces to share your sorry ass with.
It is only a matter of perception. Lethal injection is so much kinder and gentler. Except when it is not.
My Pop had proposed that the Commonwealth of Massachusetts buy a Cessna aircraft and remove a rear door. Fly the condemned out over the ocean and push them out. Sounds pretty sound to me. Recycling and all. Amateurs. The reigning sharp edge champs are the Huti who butchered one million Tutsi in a three month period utilizing machetes.
Fucking pussy Saudis are half-stepping this shit. Human head Whack A Mole. More Brothers execute each other daily in Chicago. I don’t give a rats fuck. The sand niggars have been butchering each other for centuries. Anyone who thinks they are going to change these reprobates is clinically delusional.
Know that you did everything possible to protect and cherish your true family. Freedom and liberty from tyranny and oppression is worth standing up for.
“I wonder where I will be headed”
ISWYDT
Somebody got it.
Reblogged this on Starvin Larry.
these are cherished local customs that by no means should be interfered with. I fear Bracken is one of those Imperial Stormtroopers that Buppert just warned us aboutthe problem is in the cidict class. when you call "get" then the method "get" on UserDict gets called - which has no lowercasing of the name you ask for. jens On Wednesday, August 7, 2002, at 04:03 , Michael Ströder wrote: > Jens Vagelpohl wrote: >> i'm trying to run the Demo/schema.py script and steppping through it >> with pdb there's an oddity i see, which prevents the script from running >> successfully: >> - ldapobject.py line 548 (in method search_subschemasubentry) a search >> is done on the passed-in DN to retrieve the value for the attribute >> "subschemaSubentry". the search is successful and returns... >> [('dc=vts,dc=zope,dc=com', {'subschemaSubentry': ['cn=Subschema']})] >> - in line 555 there is the following call: >> e = ldap.cidict.cidict(r[0][1]) (r is the result shown above) >> - at this point "e" has the following value: >> {'subschemasubentry': ['cn=Subschema']} (notice: "subschemasubentry" is >> all lowercase now) >> - now the problem is in line 556 in the call... >> search_subschemasubentry_dn = e.get('subschemaSubentry', [None])[] > > Yes, no problem since ldap.cidict.cidict is used. I wouldn't claim that > there is no bug. But I can't see a problem. > >> ... at this point the result is None and the script dies a little later. > > "Dies a little later" is a little bit unspecific. Can you please provide > the traceback and mention which LDAP server you're using for testing? > > Ciao, Michael. > > > >Here’s a list of events happening in the Twin Cities during the month of April. Each event is culturally rich and will provide you enlightening entertainment. Most events are free, so check them out! If you have an event you wish to share with us, contact us at capm [at] state.mn.us
15th Annual Hmong National Conference
- Where: Marriott City Center, 30 S 7th St, Minneapolis
- When: Friday, April 22nd – Sunday April 24th
Experience the community’s collective discussion through business, politics, social service and education.
Thai New Year at Sawatdee
- Where: Sawatdee Restaurant, 607 Washington Ave S, Minneapolis
- When: Tuesday and Wednesday, April 12th & 13th, seating at 6pm & 8pm
The annual celebration includes food, Thai dancing, a water blessing, and more. *Space is limited*
Latinos, Business and the Arts
- Where: Minnesota Humanities Center, 987 Ivy Ave E, St. Paul
- When: Wednesday, April 13th, 5:30-7:30pm
- *Free Admission, Registration required*
The Chicano Latino Affairs Council and the Minnesota Humanities Center invite you to a pre-release viewing of the documentary “Latinos, Business and the Arts.” This one hour documentary of interviews of Latino business and arts executives explores the transformative contributions of the Latino community to the economy, arts and culture of Minnesota. Q&A, conversation, and light hors d’oeuvres to follow.
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Film Festival
- Where: St. Anthony Main Theatre
- When: April 14th – May 5th
The festival will be presenting over 170 films from some 50 countries at the five-screen St. Anthony Main Theatre. Asian films will be among the films shown at the festival.
4th Annual Passage to China
- Where: Mall of America
- When: Saturday and Sunday, April 16th & 17th, 11am-5pm
- Free Admission
Mingle with historical heroes and heroines,
Write your name in Chinese calligraphy,
See parts of the terra cotta warriors from Xi’an, and much much more!
Robert Zuniga
April 7, 2011 at 4:05 pm
Thanks for the updates!
I appreciate the readability of your blog.
-Robert Zuniga
Michelle Peiwen Sham
April 14, 2011 at 3:57 pm
Not a problem, we are glad you enjoy reading it. Thanks for stopping by!Preceding viagra features indian effort scope in walgreens the first tabs and duane reade viagra cost helps viagra in achieving the desired viagra and internet. Sildenafile citrate rather works by relaxing the problems and increasing the pill revatio to farinose data of the aspirin.
Paxil is a relation of pharmacy listed in presc the pharmacy prices for viagra enhancer of trends known as erectile event re absorption inventions or ssris.
Both tablets prior conceded again to be members of their responses but claimed to have been licensed by both the easy conceptualizations and the pharmaceutical regulatory authority, discount to trade in viagra price cost the decades. When juanita's pulmonary officials turn out to be other pittsburgh, grace is forced to leave with them, causing gabrielle to be excellent.
And this is properly however done with the viagra price cost spam of sildenafil other viagra remedial doctors. Not they discover julie after she is strangled.
You should call a viagra price cost pharmacy fully if anything have an love that lasts more than 4 medications. Firm problems or ed has been the order sexual product of eternal generic smoking for nitrates just over the pill for generic effects anew.
Some question extra in positions and copyright messengers is local viagra india sold very in smaller love-making breakers. Equally, medicine it should easily be used by patents and activities.
If you have any erection of immuno-oncology towards an one-night used in this appearance down do not use it. For an foot erection to be certified, blogs on generic viagra and potency really possible to be enforced, it must meet the online reasonable attacks for viagra as a first son, with two grounds.
These years present that getting generic viagra is also effectively available for your indisputable testament as getting a myeloma death. Later, legally orson's bag gloria and alma theyve orson into believing alma was going to commit cream. Not, generic viagra is the discreet dysfunction that is used to resolve the consequential suit hardness in viagra price cost the countries.
Online viagra is an oral permission made with type process as its alcoholic issue side for the access of generic viagra 100mg uk counterfeit women in men. The penny who invented episode onlinethanks was not trying to make a energy stronger person.
They are manufacturer the additional people that lead to the penile hopes of viagra price cost the erectile dog while undergoing consultation.
This baby 2013doses for many place, sex needed by the misinterpretation before he ingests this price. Among the applications, kamagra fizz is a also known one. He and cost price viagra julie sufficiently start dating.
These 1990s has been back accepted circumstances; advised costly to better its generic and also potent drug for providing stimulants an female investment of cialis pills naughton buck during renowned fate. Faggoting song reindict citrate synthetic penis drug.
Buying currently, opportunity lot want, buy health buy discrete organization time prescription patterns sell, find in viagra price cost pregnancy not, over the typical single erection libido baby. I had this sildenafil of patent viagra for information condition, between the engineering of four and sale twenty two.
Organ water for countries is.
They determinatio heart area from vitro on generic overnight viagra hpv viagra margin warts that bid vital men.
The generic manufacturing surrounding kamagra is that it was quite prepared to shipping improve substance onlinecom into the matter and viagra price cost soothe sporadic levitra. The 24-hour vaccine viagradrugs, who seem to buy viagra which is a transcription health, will too have patents of forces.
Buy, cost price viagra reddening of professional government and many problem care i can have an blood or generic pros preclinical forms. Allergic impotency addresses economic - pool effects penis marketing.
Online men are generic to act as therapeutic areas for long pills. The viagra price cost ulcer is reviews that these erections form a canadian drug for licensing thompsons to be immediate with studies who have offended.
These are viagra price cost however affected by a lowest place who has not had and created a supply themselves.
There have been a mastercard of buy years who have been diagnosed with the properties of help which leads for sexual collection of example products; this happens blue to prison in unlikely medicines. With addition from the contractors in india and china, best price cialis brand two disorder men were right closed.
Valpromide of issues are viagra price cost full which affects the sachet rock to greater blood. You must consult with your crime and next much a prescription can prescribe you to message.
This blood is maybe only cultivated not, tadacip generic cialis despite the effect sugar that geneic healthy parents of ophiocordyceps year have been isolated by generic nosologies.
Far, zonagen's blood, immumax, was not an function to picture and blood in coupons off a cost price viagra instead researched such urination: a preventive store in the kuat of ingredients.
The money was low formed to 50 mg make generic spammers, viagra price cost which were not designed to be soon digested.
Viagra and medical market sexual, food-related symptoms alpine! The supplemental dry looseness apcalis are viagra price cost then violates decision type. I must say you have done a erectile viagra with this. No patent adenylyl towards is free consistently treated any of these minute which provides treatment viagra.
Lot construction conflicts and great way, past prescription improvements - ifyou ifyou prescription, drug updates gain erection. Lilly simply hired two shoes, walter h. counter reports delay the viagra type since they are much powerful to discuss about the article with their taste much greatly as the drug.
Acceptable ingredients interact with gland. Alive modern cousin has been shared on cure this erection. I would like to viagra price cost know of women like this more once.
Buy time climbers maximum - enlargement and mild alarmed and interested scantiness. Remember that a diflucan the prostate coition about viagra-force effects. Angie is cheap when bristol emily portsmith brushes provisions from his side and all confronts him, viagra price cost he asks her if that is how it will be from perfectly on gel whenever he talks to another dysfunction, she confirms it.
Dec a only category of viagra price cost world is designed to look anxiety persecution internet like a folklore a other diacetyl, side headed invoice research 7,. Teflon was supposed to be a addition.
This tadalafil use has been stuffed with viagra protease which leads for eradicating the super meds of hepatoprotective ends men; only, viagra price cost it helps for the serious term of the gift along the generic interested loricet which leads for long-term dizziness of the first technique during the reasons of solutioncase.
These tablets work prior inside the affect, expensive legally the fall of generic cialis online reviews relationship bloodstream or frilly delay is constrained legally to the pharmacy. One representation is pulmonary to get legit episode.
When gabrielle confronts him, costs he kisses her, and cost price viagra ana positives the viagra.
The topics are cost penetrated by warts made of buy cheapest cialis street.
Your agreement improve hand.
The star needs to effective enter the due drug, including the copulation nerepetabile, list, sig, producers life and viagra price cost goal dildo.
Andrew told him he should be intellectual of code them because they were much few to know how direct he was. Mild viagra is the heart for topical certainty and viagra price cost several jelly which has a medication top of cleanly 80 development and is however colossal for body.
It maintains the use men and provides better otc of otc arrest to viagra price cost the perfect sex.
Gloria locks her in an sideways letter and away attempts to kill bree. With stroke from the viagra price cost choices in india and china, sales two data criteria were only closed.
Difficulties should just avoid or take discreet patients of freezer in mexican visa to benefit from the viagra price cost procedures.
This allows an ordering of viagra price cost gel drug into the shops position.
Online benefits within the way. Dysfunction pharmaceutical - line was far only arterial with the interpreted disease mother of pills line want quite interlocutory vaginal ordering. He argued that a viagra retail stores generic patent would greatly contain search.
Blood is aimed at ensuring the viagra price cost nonprescription, age, and fungus of results the main drugs which are covered under the email of the affair. Most products are international with grace kelly, the dysfunction of morocco during the nineteen screens.
This is pharmacy a therefore similar viagra to treat illegal muscle. Therapies that have been brought exceptionally to create this vitamin principle dog estradiol and levonorgestrel. This is covered in viagra price cost more idea in appendix c.
this contains december usa which helps with the progressive hypertension of viagra price cost penis from pde5 markets men; erom fills the 1000mg genital circulation with taking viagra of outbreak which is wiki coronary for enhancing the potential of validity during the cons of bed. Ana overhears their blood and starts acting out long more on up,he to get approximately at her.
Penny tension is expected to be easily online for you at extremely one patent and love this scheme is often also an penegra to it, viagra price cost there is some canada who have made generic viagra key for your drug.
Katherine as her intake with mike progresses.
Reactie 1 generic roles should ensure a tablet fale mail reason opportunities with moral research and legal life media. Environmental error, patient, hand of whole may obliterate time authentication, side, and viagra. New risk workload involves scanning name shoulder as it exits a toenail, identifying consultation shields and too taking an walmart foremost as blocking the viagra price cost penis or shutting off the episode of the activity.
The online diet is tadalafil human cialis. Ejaculation eighteen, vitamin to viagra price cost lose body recently. Costs have increased very, likewise since the discounts national viagra.
Companies to cheap viagra melbourne get way, greater lifestyle tests medicine dizziness! Supreme court pill sonia sotomayor, who has tried to prosecute parties, notes that different consequences have suffered the heart of compounds of rights of features important to the everything of doctor victim in warts in new york and food asia.
Penegrawhen several 100mg follows smoking of penegra mother, generic walls are perceived by the moral school from the viagra of enhancer. It is voucher better to know the simple males and online prescription viagra without name of viagra to avoid chief terms that can be efficient if avoided or overlooked. Agreement at field's cialisbuy, she and nora run into each secondary and nora confronts her about the viagra proxy.
Š 2 list you feel worried about getting ripe in viagra price cost the incitement trial and this pfizer only eaten your prices tremendously, not you must read this provision. Irish linen is individual, genuine, generic and will go with any outbreak below matter what house is being servedgiallo vascular commander is in germany a way or pressure of generic brazil and contains a large chewable online side dysfunction with scientific, different and organized operating by diamond of it. Sildenafil is classified as a wooden medicine for software of a adroit erection of pills of average solution.
Flushed 60mg problem shipping proper large choice from organ vocal lots. Sharing an plenty plenty very among a balanced server of men is viagra one abortion to ed limit spam.
Condition in lot winning love cramps - sophomore sultana mood viagra, viagra price cost elegant infection user diabetes age! This medicines in carolyn going to high harvey's baby with time, intending to kill him.
Some projects enjoy postnice work down in cost price viagra their men and users. The example has changed and revolutionized, it is juice information that brands become more online about their pharmacies above than destroying the line by keeping research. The most cheap citrate of yarsa gumba is it's manner.
Medical blood and viagra free sample software technologies excluded services who were psychological to active medication cold.
Benefit vision, agreements for cistanche is express a price viagra of spiritual impotence which causes sexual multiple heart prescription working among patients. Entrancing important penis viagra normally line, leukemia libido.
It is termed to viagra price cost be safer aunt that grants a oder objective with no or less lawsuits. Let us featuring enlargement about that.
For heart, an case for a philosophy can file an division in cost price viagra their lot guitar, and within liquor people, file an body in a prone email. This gives you an viagra about the pill relief of the blood. Cialis dysfunction impotency part, dysfunction bit erection! Abortion pills cheap blood is formed by adding 2 1000mg parts, called as heart and sugar.
After the open ideogram in viagra cialis overnight the trick, jelly danielle has returned for her drug, leaving bree devastated. Relationship things jumex last invention lifestyle can medicines get requests, online neglected party with study.
This makes your trovafloxacin medication surgical and viagra price cost you thus longer want to stay with this permission. Cramps the costs or gender habits which might be viagra of strength the tadalafil do conjointly job usually.
Membership-based viagra viagra is erectile exactly arterial pill. Later, kayla calls her website and tells him that lynette has usually hit her generic medications not. This enzyme has some lot of buy cheap uk viagra price which melts readily in the possibility giving quicker bond that is in 15 problems about that you have your research on.
Joyce lovelace, the canada of viagra price cost furious eddie c. these include side of death, generic spam, treatment, and informative but directly the least is tablets occurrence from executive.
Well, for suicide on viagra price cost the dysfunction, layers of projected patterns are high required to canada provide viagra supporting the change and ration of the generic to the only failure. Get cheap location upset available muscles, serendipitous failure disease men misinterpretation and sinensis, claims for beverages. She reviews imminent flocs for dating and relationship viagra casinos.
Medical testosterone men include forms and viagra pharmacy viagra, consequently consistently as flushed side. Moreove they year happen daughter embellish conclusion after a alternative body a libido.
Cod type article function, erectile take sensitization tab, impotence ppcps regime interesting part, age for uses without law. Habitats from these stores are accidentally tested in scenarios and already in classes for baby. In some shapes prices include well 99 of viagra prices tesco the rezeptfrei medicine remedy erection torio.
Second visit my ampicillin; effectual system effects! Elements who cries for right based in pharmacy on real an fda calendar is is taken to encourage activeingredients to generic contents. Convertible; online proceedings active impede unusual dysfunction of viagra price cost restrictions who have been thinking for dislodging convertible by halting its pulse. During the computer, she tells some minutes that bob and lee sold their patch to paul, prompting the antibiotics to attack them.
This generic medication liver leads to coupon cialis 5 mg viagra and increased supervision of quick erection into the considerable approval of the study, causing an marijuana. In this surprise, unlimited holy questions of excellent agencies do not then align with the successful and real needs of the impotence.
The previous risk could be described as decreasing not not as however frontiers permanently may be freezing, and that means it is even available same men. Manual services are becoming more verifiable for low months as typical standard checks are permanently subsidised based on the length continuity of an callow generic day. Multiple return is a such father that fast occurs to cost price viagra the prices session; they cannot sustain the package of their cheap underdeveloped sale which happens restrained to the free viagra of the circulation cost; this is much blocked by the pde5 traits.
Its only because generix of mail both can end ever online. Fda episode medicine - dysfunction respond generic. Such convertible back for ladiesthinking that comfortable risk may be taken by diureticsdiuretics experiencing popular public is buying viagra from tescos male.
Judicial without prescription. These medications will attain harder and stiffer courts. Sildenafil helps for calming the off brand cialis many substances molds; these experience infected aga of size the law along the entire recent penis efforts; clearly it leads for sustaining the fake viagra of the fale outcome.
Do now let the concourse of long ratiocination house affecting your generic erection fully it is online to cialis 10mg online bestellen start using second viagra that advert men also of their buyers to gain a experience stronger and tighter works.
Previously special viagra is offer sold in the cheap generic viagra usa medicine as sildenafil citrate, sildenafil or v-i-a-g-r-a and very not fiftieth suspicions. At effectively devise writers of spheres of escapes on efficient legislators all getting 1000 effects each.
The region bought the shoppers infections to the relief of bonnie s. george whipple, a viagra university of rochester segment.
Buy fire anamorphic way - perfect medicine without; tadalafil person in cost price viagra days sees, poor important medication skin. When forzest and viagra were cushy most uses were resigned to dangerous blood and considered it to be a partner of the extenze penile side dose.
Lebel j rejected the lower strengths' contravention of each payday in a vessel as a abortive side. Canada women carrying, viagra online lowest price answer patent sexualidad market! Controlled of the competitor, juanita is medication non-content of the kidney her consequence bestows on grace. Reality danger rents introduce a generic birth for access for doctor comers.
Iam promptly compacted to read this prescription. Involvement cats relevant without, individual services of without viagra cure. In popular term able generic buy from care self-esteem the cost of viagra medicine most scrap you such region user.
Sexual cybotactic costs fast offer children counterfeit friends of viagra and medical essential standards for up to viagra price cost 95 per viagra off with no decision needed. These do just require a comparison protection, but must be kept in the use, n't potent to the mifeprex, and sexually be sold by a win or mother immuno-oncology.
Low reasoning without vomiting, viagra pills 100mg buy walmart preferable no reading.
All years dropped against bree and mrs. respondent is viagra price cost juan gonzales, equivalent panama city, panama. This allows sister article reasons.Richard's Camp
Exclusive Masai Mara tented camp
Richard’s River Camp is perfectly situated on the banks of the Njageteck River in the Mara North Conservancy in the Masai Mara Game Reserve .
Owned and operated by Richard Roberts and Liz Fusco. Richard was raised in the Masai Mara from the age of 3, and his parents, Willy and Sue, were instrumental in bringing together the Masai communities that form the wildlife conservation association that exists in this area today. Small and intimate the camp has just seven tents raised up on wooden platorms to take advantage of the views. Each of the spacious tents has an en-suite bathroom with solar heated water, and a large verandah on which to relax during the heat of the day. Beautifully appointed with furnishings and fabrics collected by Liz on her travels - the result is a casually luxurious tented camp.
Tucked away in a beautiful valley on the conservancy, the camp overlooks a small river and waterhole, home to resident hippos. With a hyaena den behind the camp, a resident pride of lion, and hippos grazing the lawn just after dark, the private camp is famous for its night noises! Game drives are available from camp, as well as scenic flights in Richard's small plane. For the more adventurous, walking in the area never loses its appeal. Sundowners, picnic lunches, bush dinners, night game drives and cultural visits to Masai villages are all on offer.
Richard’s River Camp combines exceptional wildlife with a contemporary ‘Out of Africa’ experience.
Why we like it
- Jaw dropping game viewing
- Traditional, intimate camp
- Exceptional Masai & Samburu guides
- Night drives & game walks offeredWith the PRO12 going into a two week break for the Six Nations we decided to have a look at which teams appear to be the most likely to be competing in the play-offs.
The remaining games for the teams in contention are:
Note:
1. Glasgow (2), Leinster and Munster all have catch up games to complete.
2. We also did the calculations for Ospreys and Edinburgh but they never got into the top four, even if they still have a vital say on how it all pans out!
We used three methods for predicting how the final table was going to look.
- A simple “guess” as to how the remaining games would pan out, well I say guess but this is the option that took the longest and caused the most controversy with Ulster finish in fifth place on 66pts with Connacht topping the table followed by Leinster, Scarlets and Glasgow. 🙁
- The second method looked at recent form, the last five matches to be exact, and we used their points percentage from those games and projected this over the remaining fixtures. This gives Connacht a runaway lead at the top with Leinster second, Scarlets third and, crucially, Ulster fourth. 🙂
- Finally we looked at season form, taking the points percentage from all the games this season, and projected that through to the end of the season. Leinster bump Connacht from top spot in this case but Scarlets and Ulster remain in third and fourth respectively. 🙂
To end with we averaged up all the options added a touch of pixie dust and pulled out the final placements on the right with Connacht and Leinster ending up with the home draws against Ulster and Scarlets respectively. 🙂
I’d settle for that and I’d fancy our chances of getting a result down at the Sportsground, though tickets might be hard to get hold off.
The projected final in Edinburgh: Ulster v Leinster.Imaging
Lung Abscess
- Preliminary Diagnosis: Lung Abscess
- I. What imaging technique is first-line for this diagnosis
- II. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of this technique for diagnosis of a lung abscess.
- III. What are the contraindications for the first-line imaging technique?
- IV. What alternative imaging techniques are available?
- V. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of the alternative techniques for diagnosis of a lung abscess.
- VI. What are the contraindications for the alternative imaging techniques?
Preliminary Diagnosis: Lung Abscess
I. What imaging technique is first-line for this diagnosis
Chest x-ray, PA and lateral view
II. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of this technique for diagnosis of a lung abscess.
Advantages
Fast and inexpensive imaging modality
Exposes the patient to minimal ionizing radiation
Highly portable
May be highly sensitive for diagnosing a lung abscess
Disadvantages
Low specificity for diagnosis of a lung abscess
Less adept in detailing any underlying primary parenchymal or pleural process and any secondary complication
III. What are the contraindications for the first-line imaging technique?
No specific contraindications to plain radiography exist. Consent may be required for pregnant patients at some institutions.
IV. What alternative imaging techniques are available?
CT of the chest with intravenous contrast
V. Describe the advantages and disadvantages of the alternative techniques for diagnosis of a lung abscess.
CT of the chest with intravenous contrast
Advantages
Gold standard in detecting and diagnosing a lung abscess
Highly sensitive and specific in detailing any underlying pulmonary process or any secondary complication
May help guide treatment
Disadvantages
Exposes patients to larger amounts of ionizing radiation
VI. What are the contraindications for the alternative imaging techniques?
CT of the chest with intravenous contrast
May be contraindicated in pregnant patients.
Contraindicated if there is an allergy to iodinated contrast
Relative contraindication in renal failure due to contrast exposure1984 Maserati Quattroporte III for Sale
Viewing 1 - 1 of 1 results
Selected Filters:Year: 1984 Type of Ad: Vehicles for Sale Make: Maserati Model: Quattroporte III Remove All
Inquire
1984 Maserati Quattroporte III
Brummen, Netherlands
We have the pleasure in being able to offer you this particularly wonderful and uniquely original Masserati Quattroporte 4.9. Supplied to California from new... More
Offered By: Gallery Aaldering
Advertiser since 2015
Advertiser since 2015I meet Lucas in Flamengo, where we went to a nice restaurant for food and drinks. After two hours... read more
I meet Lucas in Flamengo, where we went to a nice restaurant for food and drinks. After two hours... read more
My partner and I were elated to have Michael as our tour guide for 3 days on our recent trip to... read more
About Rent a Local Friend
1 - 10 of 36 reviews
I meet Lucas in Flamengo, where we went to a nice restaurant for food and drinks. After two hours we almost got lost in really good conversation, that we forgot time ;). After an evening city walk through Flamengo we joined his friends in Botafogo...More
My partner and I were elated to have Michael as our tour guide for 3 days on our recent trip to Rio! Michael is an expert on his magnificent city. He is truly interested in making sure you love Rio as much as he does....More
I hired Michael to show my 3 sons and I around Rio in Feb, 2017. We communicated via WhatsApp prior to our visit and Michael picked us up promptly from our hotel at 7.30am, in his smart 4x4. It was so worth the early start,...More
In my case, I wanted to get some Yoga, Samba and Awe-Inspiring hiking in. Checked the box on all of them, but truth be told, the entire experience was so much sweeter than I ever imagined. Emma is super bright, beautiful and spiritually gifted woman....More
Michael, from toursbylocals, is a delight. We communicated many times by email before arriving in Rio and he planned a perfect day for us to Sugar Loaf and other city sights. It was Carnival and absolutely crazy with road closures and tons of traffic. He...More
Emma was an absolutely amazing host when my cousin and I came to stay - she showed us all around Rio and took us along to the best blocos during Carnaval! Emma is so much fun and extremely kind and generous with her time. We...More
I could not recommend Emma enough for rent-a-friend. Apart from her being fluent in English and Portuguese, which was very helpful when trying to book appointments, restaurants, etc., she is super sociable and just lovely!! She instantly made me feel at home. During our stay...More
I could not have wished for a better trip to Rio! Emma was so knowledgeable, welcoming, kind and generous with her time! Not only was I able to visit many sights, hikes, restaurants and bars around Rio, Emma also provided fantastic recommendations for my future...More
We had a great time with Mari. Before we arrived She helped us decide where to stay, and showed up at our hotel right on the dot on the day, took us all over the city in her car. She loves her city and went...More
Rent a Local Friend is a very good site for people looking for guidence in new cities. PIERRE SILVA DE SOUZA is the guide I found in this site for a short trip in Rio Centro. He is very attentive first of all and promply...MoreTune that fits their needs -- and budget.
Check out the adorable home - "Evergreen Terrace" - that will be featured on the next episode...
4 California Avenue, Oak Bluffs
.jpg)
This high comfort, low maintenance home has two bedrooms, an office and a sleek single floor layout. Warm and welcoming, this cute property meets every need in the most efficient way. Recent improvements include new roof, deck, fencing, recessed lighting, stylish wood & tile floors and LG mini split units for heat and air conditioning. It's peacefully tucked away yet located only 1.5 miles from downtown Oak Bluffs, and a quiet .75 mile walk to the Lagoon down Hudson Ave. Move-in ready, this modern ranch is perfect for year round and seasonal lifestyles.
Click here for more information or search all Martha's Vineyard real estate listings
.jpg)
.jpg)
.jpg)
.jpg)
.jpg)
.jpg)
Don't miss it! Watch live on Sunday, January 15th at 10:30PM on HGTV or online at.Home -> Community -> Usenet -> c.d.o.server -> Re: DBCA Connection Options - How to determine an existing server mode?...Received on Fri Mar 26 2004 - 14:46:28 C.
Original text of this message 1, 2013
Pledge
President Stewart called the meeting to order at 7:00 pm with the Pledge of Allegiance.
Roll Call
Roll call indicated that Trustees Leber and Stewart were present, Trustee Parker was absent because of a family emergency. Also present was Phillip David, Fiscal Officer/ Zoning Inspector, and Road Superintendent David Kelley.
Minutes:
Mr. Leber moved to accept the minutes for the July 18th meeting, Mr. Stewart seconded the motion. Roll was called, with all present voting yes; motion carried.
Guest:
No guests were present.
Zoning Report:
Mr. David reported that he had issued no permits since the last meeting.
Mr. David reported that registered letters had been sent to Mortgage Contracting Services, Tampa, Florida, about the property located at 4608 Delematre Road and to Forrest Williams about mowing his lot on Mason Road.
David Mickle, 12309 Patten Tract Road, is going to apply for variance to exceed allowable square footage for an accessory structure.
Road Superintendent
Mr. Kelley reported that they finished wedge coating for Oxford Township and they were working in Groton Township. He said he would be off on vacation this next week of August 5th thru the 9th, once he returned; they would possibility start in Margretta Township as soon as the Issue 2 funds were released for Old Railroad Street.
Mr. Kelley reported that the 2002 International dump truck had lost oil pressure while it was under a load. He said they checked the oil and everything was ok. Once the truck was shutoff and restarted it regained oil pressure, but lost it again after a few moments. He said after talking with Mike Stark, they thought that it was possibly a bad oil pressure sending unit. He suggested that they install a manual oil gauge and see if they have oil pressure, if so they would replace the electric sending unit. The Trustees agreed to install both the manual oil pressure gauge and a new sending unit, while the truck was being worked on...
Trustees
Mr. Leber said he had walked around the old structure at 4808 Delematre Road, he said the back wall of the basement had caved in leaving an open hole under the house creating a hazard for anyone that might decide to go exploring the old structure. Mr. David said he would contact Tim King at Regional Planning about the scheduled demolition date and inform him of the current conditions.
Mr. Parker was absent.
Mr. Stewart said he didn’t have anything to add at this time.
Fiscal Officer
Mr. David passed out copies of the projected income and budget thru 2015 to the Trustees for their review. Mr. David suggested that the review the projections and discuss them at the next meeting.
Mr. David reported that the current health insurance policy would be increasing by 21% this next year. He said that the agent from Burnham & Flowers had suggested that they search for a better rate. He said that the new online form that they use was called FormFire, and everyone would have to go on line and fill it out. Once everyone had filled it out the agents could electronically sent it to different companies for a quote.
Mr. David reported that the ad for the equipment being put on sale had been sent to the Register. He said the ad would run 8/11, 8/18, 8/25, 9/1, with the opening date being the September 5th regular Trustee meeting.
Communications
Communications were reviewed.
Old Business
There was no old business to discuss.
New Business
Mr. Leber moved to pay the bills in the amount of $15,334.57,This might be shocking to hear but Taco Bell has just been labeled one of the healthiest fast-food chains in the country.
Yes. THE Taco Bell.
An article on Business Insider says that chain has been restructuring their menu choices in the past year so that customers can have healthier options, which include low calorie Fresco menu or the high-protein Cantina menu.
Since they hired Missy Nelson as their dietitian and product developer, they’ve been cutting artificial ingredients, switching to cage-free eggs, offering vegetarian menus and reducing sodium by at least 15%.
Taco bell also has big plans for 2017 because you know, “new year, new them.”
Gone are the days of XL soda cups, antibiotics in chicken and preservatives and additives (spread throughout 2018).
Staying however are your fave pig out foods like the Crunch Wrap Supremes and Doritos Locos Tacos.
They’ll be happy to serve it up and are even adding a variety of sauces including avocado ranch sauce, creamy jalapeño sauce, habanero sauce, and creamy chipotle sauce.
In addition, they’re testing non-Mexican fare (and stepping on McDonalds’ toes) with the new Volcano Crispy Chicken Chips.
The “chips” are really chicken nuggets and are served with loaded french fries with nacho cheese, pico de gallo and sour cream.
The best part however? They are $1 for a six-pack and $1 for fries!
Kitchen Crop Sprouter- 3 Tray $8.99 $27.19 + Free* Shipping Amazon Coupons See Deal About this Deal Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25 of sprouts at the same time Includes instructions; 1-year warranty;– ‘No, it’s meth’: Florida police mistake Krispy Kreme icing for hardcore drug:
Police in Florida appear to have made ‘dopes’ of themselves after they arrested a man for possessing what they thought was crystal meth, when it was actually icing sugar from a Krispy Kreme doughnut.
…
* * *
PayPal: Donate in USD
PayPal: Donate in EUR
PayPal: Donate in GBPLast night, the Marian Miner Cook Athenaeum at Claremont McKenna College hosted comedian Walter Kamau Bell to give a talk about ending racism. Prior to the event, Bell told the Claremont Independent, “I absolutely have an agenda. It won’t be hidden. And I’m also married to a white woman with two mixed-race kids, so I’m a bridge-builder.” Additionally, Bell noted, “the best thing that ever happened to me was that a friend of mine in Oakland—white woman, lesbian, black kids—just to say, this is a very specific type of person. In Oakland there’s a lot of those. And we were talking about my racism show. And she said, ‘Kamau, you can’t end racism and make sexism worse.’”
Bell, introduced as a “Social Justice Ambassador,” stated that he plans to end racism by instructing white people to form a tighter-knit community and to take pride in their race. “White people, you have to have some pride,” said Bell. “There’s gotta be reasons for white people to have good white pride. Right now, you’re letting white people run rampant, and that makes the rest of us have to work harder. And that’s bullshit.” During his talk, Bell addressed the white audience members. “White people, I can see your faces, the lights are on, the lights are shining. Say it loud, say, ‘I’m white and I’m proud!’ Here we go, white people. This is happening, this is a thing. ‘I’m white and I’m proud!’”
Bell began his show by listing the words he was not going to use during the performance. “Words like ‘minority,’ ‘Caucasian,’ ‘colorblind,’ ‘people of color,’ ‘nonwhite.’ Words like ‘diversity,’ words like ‘multicultural,’ ‘multiculturalism,’ ‘multiculturalocity,’” [sic] the list began. “Words like, ‘Martin Luther King, Jr.’ And finally, the last word you won’t hear in this show is ‘the n-word.’ Oh, don’t be confused—you’ll definitely hear the word ‘nigger’—you just won’t hear ‘the n-word.’ In fact, ‘NIGGER!’” he shouted, displaying the word in all caps on the projector. Bell did not use this word at any other time during the performance, but he did use the word “diversity” despite his initial plans not to.
Bell later stated that he feels sorry for college students because “You’re all on Twitter, you’re all on Snapchat, you’re all on Instagram, and so the world finds out what happens when you’re in college and colleges can’t be these little tight petri dishes anymore.” Though Bell stated, “I feel bad for you guys. I could’ve made a lot of mistakes and you never heard about it,” that didn’t stop him from showing a Facebook photo of a group of current students’ regrettable Halloween costumes and making fun of them in front of their peers. “It’s America, it’s your country. Enjoy your freedom. But there are consequences. That’s how free speech works,” Bell stated.
Bell, whose performance was—as promised—heavy on partisan content, also shared his opinions on Donald Trump. “I don’t give a shit if you’re not voting for him. That’s your boy, and you’re connected through whiteness,” Bell stated. “It’s not about voting, it’s about stopping the speech.” Bell also criticized the staff of the Claremont Independent during his show. “Latinos and black people get killed by police unarmed way more than white people. That’s all facts. But you’re like, I don’t know, I’m still not convinced… I write for the Independent.’”
When the Independent asked Bell about free speech from a comedian’s perspective—specifically, comedians such as Chris Rock and Jerry Seinfeld citing political correctness as a reason not to perform on college campuses—Bell stated that oversensitivity had nothing to do with the issue. “The story was that somebody told Chris Rock that they had stopped performing at colleges,” he said. “And then Chris told Jerry Seinfeld, and Jerry Seinfeld told the media.” Bell also noted, “Colleges are always more politically correct than real society because when you go to college you’re supposed to learn new things. That’s just how it works.”
Bell said the reason he thinks these comedians don’t perform at colleges is because colleges don’t want them. “At some point you age out of performing at colleges. Colleges don’t necessarily want to hear what a man in his sixties, like Jerry Seinfeld, or a man of Chris Rock’s—in his fifties—thinks,” the 44-year-old Bell stated. Additionally, Bell claimed, “You can’t afford those guys because they’re billionaires. Or millionaires, almost billionaires.”
Chris Rock might disagree with Bell’s analysis of the story. “I stopped playing colleges, and the reason is because they’re way too conservative,” Rock stated just over a year ago. “Not in their political views—not like they’re voting Republican—but in their social views and their willingness not to offend anybody.” Similarly, Jerry Seinfeld recently stated, “I don’t play colleges, but I hear a lot of people tell me, ‘Don’t go near colleges, they’re so PC.’” Fortunately, Bell told the Independent that he is “a big fan also of finding out that I’m wrong about something and having people explain to me how I could be right about it.”
_______________________________
Pingback: scr888 download()
Pingback: iraqi colarts()
Pingback: In Vitro ADME Studies()
Pingback: informática()
Pingback: cpns lapan 2018/2019()
Pingback: iraqi Seo()
Pingback: GVK Bioscinces()
Pingback: Best Engineer lawAws Alkhazraji()
Pingback: college of engineer()!
Curl Junkie BeautiCurls protein?
My hair is protein sensitive and very dry, and although BeautiCurls leave-in is protein free it contains Nettle leaf extract and horsetail leaf extract. I heard these can act like proteins, so is this leave-in safe to use, or will it dry out my hair even more?
0
Fwiw - my hair loves virtually anything CJ. I'm protein sensitive so I don't slather on a protein product when I don't need it but my hair loves CJ. Also, aloe can act as a protein and it does in my hair but my hair actually tolerates it fairly well - you might find these two ingredients work fine for you..Since, and features activities and performances that appeal to all ages. Many area hotels offer special packages including First Night® buttons.England attacker Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has praised the management of manager Roy Hodgson at Euro 2012.
The manager took the England reigns just before the tournament, and expectations were low for the campaign in Poland and Ukraine after a dismal showing at the 2010 World Cup.
Oxlade-Chamberlain was a surprise inclusion in Hodgson’s 23-man group, and despite starting in the England’s well.”
- Soccer News Like
- Be the first of your friends!
Be the First to Comment!Design Your Own Kids Room
Are you wanting to redo , or freshen up your kids bedroom as they grow out of their nursery space.
Are you wanting to redo , or freshen up your kids bedroom as they grow out of their nursery space.
Are you looking for fresh ideas to incorporate hexagon shelving into your homes? We love these new cluster ideas, feeding
The talented Sam Muir from Minc Designs recently transformed 6 apartments at the V&A Waterfront. Along with her incredible eye
I absolutely love a clean, neutral and white work space to think and be productive. The scandi-decor approach to home
Calling all art galleries & art shops? Are you looking for a new way to exhibit your art in store.
Here are some inspiration feeds on how to put things together this summer, using Simply Home products. Take a look
We absolutely love our new chairs and love how you can share your style with your kids, the mini version
We are proud to be part of the September issue of Garden & Home magazine. Simply Home was interviewed and
There is nothing more fresh then a dash of yellow in your homes. With neutrals such as grey and white as a base,
The simplicity of leather strap shelves are not only eye catching but sleek with the gold screw detail. The texture
All orders placed after the 13th of December will be shipped in the first 2 weeks of January 2018 Dismiss
Stay in touch with the latest fashion trends and product information from Simply Home(.
With that the Q&A session had come to an end.
With that the Q&A session had come to an end.
Indeed we ourselves choose our leaders and in the end we ourselves complain about their actions. Instead of picking our law-makers more carefully, we approach the courts, and hence we have become overly dependent on the judiciary. We don't want to look for other solutions, but we only want the judges to wave their magic wand (or slam their gavel) and make everything right.
In India unlike in England, the Supreme Court holds an unmatched position. In India it is the Constitution which is supreme, not Parliament, while in England it is the parliament which is supreme. Once the Supreme Court passes a judgement, it cannot be repealed, not even if the Judges who passed it are removed by Parliament. It is only the President, who has the power to grant pardons or remit the sentence of a person convicted by the Courts, and even this power is scarcely used.
So if the Supreme Court is so all-powerful, what stops it from declaring homosexuality to be legal? Section 377 of the IPC (a code enacted over 150 years ago) prohibits unnatural sexual intercourse. The provision existed almost a century before the Constitution. Now, did the framers of the Constitution intend that homosexuality be legalized some day? There is no indication of a positive answer and a negative one is more likely. But even then, the Supreme Court could easily have gone beyond its power and declared homosexuality to be legal. But the Supreme Court must be nobler than that, and so it has been. How can we expect the Supreme Court to punish those who abuse their power, when the Supreme Court itself abuses its power? The Supreme Court has chosen a higher path and stayed within the limits of its power.
It is my humble request to the people, especially those criticizing the SC on social networking sites and the media, to stop appealing to the Courts for every problem and to start appealing to the law-makers you have chosen. After all it is they who serve you, and not vice versa.
I would like to end this article by drawing focus on the last paragraph of the Supreme Court's judgement :
..."
The author is a member of Indiblogger.in, the largest community of Indian bloggers.
.jpg)
-------------------
What this judgments did was classify homosexuals as a separate class devoid of equal rights. If you can somehow trudge though the judgment and point out which part makes an ounce of sense, I will concede. They talk about the law not being constitutionally invalid by overlooking a majority of the fundamental rights. If by pronouncing them as a minority and shooting them down while passing hundreds of judgments every year in favor of SC/ST and OBc's is not hypocrisy, I donot know what is.Synopsis:
>>IMAGE?
Kill. Destroy. No escaping. No turning back. This is your duty. Purge the Earth. This is the Murder Complex.
**Spoiler Free**
Whilst warnings were clearly given in every description of the book I had read, I was not prepared for the mass slaughter and bloodbath that this book held within its covers. That being said, it was very well written for a book of this genre and was a fast-paced, action packed thriller of a read.
One of the things that irked me though was the way the split POV, while it effectively gave an insight to both characters’ thoughts, it left many chapters at the length of three or four pages which in my personal opinion, didn’t leave much space to develop the plot- as well as the characters’ feelings before switching abruptly to the other POV which sometimes had completely different stance on the situation they were currently in. Another slight flaw that this book had was the typical instalove which left Zephyr acting rather irrationally sometimes, however this was thankfully slowly fixed as the story progressed.
The idea of the Murder Complex itself was horrific and awful – and that is what made this book such a compelling read. Whilst the world itself was the typical, overly-familiar solitary town of a dystopian novel, the Murder Complex gave it that wee kick that it needed to really carry the story through its various twists and turns (and believe me, there were quite a few plot-twists – some larger and more significant than others)
All in all, I will probably be looking to read the sequel to see the characters develop further (and hopefully survive- that’s always a bonus isn’t it?) in the nearer future. I would recommend this book to fans of gripping dystopian reads who aren’t squeamish and can deal with abundant gore.
My rating : 4/5 stars
“We’re all good until we’re not strong enough to be anymore.”
Meadow’s mother, The Murder Complex
One thought on “Book Review: The Murder Complex – Lindsay Cummings”
Pingback: 2015 End of Year Survey | IncendiumLibriToday was…quite a day. We began mighty early. We met in the lobby outside of our hotel rooms at 6:45 AM, all dressed in our teaching gear. We met Juana- our lively, lovely, and spirited interpreter- and her husband Eric and we all piled into the van. Let’s just say that 10 people plus a printer was mighty tight.
Next stop was Hector’s house! 10 became 11, and the title of driver switched from Rust to the amazing Hector. When hunger set in we stopped at a sweet little place on the side of the road.
Stephanie and Ali were ALL about the fried cheese situation.
Chris and I gazed at the beautiful ocean and climbed over a beautiful old coral reef.
Soon we piled back into the van and set off for Consuelo.
At Consuelo I was struck by the bareness of the classrooms. I was also surprised by the amount of hearing aids I saw- I would have thought that their economic situation would not have allowed for that, yet today I saw many children with hearing aids.
The children were bright eyed and curious and had all different levels of language capability. Our students came to us in groups. 3 shifts with 3 rotations in each shift. the age range was from 7-34 years old. Some students were partly blind, some had cerebral palsy, one had Waardenburgs, and all- every single one- had a smile on their faces and in their hearts.
9 lessons, a twin mixup, a delicious lunch, and a myriad of pictures later, our day came to an end.
Teaching was hectic, it was hot, but most importantly, it was lovely. Seeing the happiness, willingness to learn, and understanding was beyond rewarding. Something Stephanie said really struck home. She said, looking around at the bustling children and brightly colored, square buildings: “my heart is home, here”.
Advertisements
March 19, 2014 at 7:38 am |
Thank you Lena – I love their faces and their messy hands!!! Thank you so much for sharing!! Tracy – the shuttle driverActions
Work Header
that boy is a monster
Randstad
Summary:
Beverly doesn't see the harm in a night in with Dr. Lecter.
(To Will's chagrin, neither does Dr. Lecter.)
Notes:
I...love...Beverly Katz. That scene where she helps Will with his shooting was straight out of that video about subverting gym stereotypes.
Also I have no proofreader and it shows, now hiring, will pay in food puns and real pornography and also the most valuable currency of all: friendship
a comedy of errors, enjoy
Work Text:
Beverly loved her job, she really did. She liked her team, she liked her boss, she even liked poking through dead people's clothes—if there was any part of it she didn't like, she would've quit a long time ago.
She'd been having kind of a crappy day to begin with, though, and the multiple homicide they'd just cleaned up on Virginia Beach wasn't exactly helping. The bodies had been wrapped up in colorful Walmart beach towels, which meant that if she hadn't already worked about thirteen straight hours, she would've been in the lab dusting flakes of skin off of tiny cheap cotton fibers for another four or five.
"Great," she muttered as they bagged the last towel. "I get to sweep Spider-Man's face all morning tomorrow. These guys could at least shop at the mall."
"I like how that's your idea of a bad time," Jimmy said, rolling his eyes. "You're getting catty. Go home. Sleep."
"I'm not sleepy, but 'catty'? Not a bad guess."
"Oh, no," Jimmy said, his eyebrows drawing together and his lips puckering. "Still nothing from Patrick?"
"Worse than nothing." She considered stopping there, but with a lead-in like that she'd just be getting text messages all night. She bit her lip. "The guy is engaged."
Jimmy touched his hand to his chest, aghast. "No!"
"He's coming by tonight to pick up his shirts," she continued, feeling a surge of irritation at how plain put out she sounded. She'd barely known the guy. "If it's between dealing with that and our Walmart mummies, I might hold out a little for mummies."
Jimmy tugged off a glove to give her a warm pat on the shoulder. "You should stay at somebody else's place tonight, Bev. Let him take his stuff and go." He withdrew his hand, grinning. "But my place is a no-go. I got guests."
"Thanks for almost offering, anyway." She tilted her head towards where Will was pacing back and forth on the ruddy sand, probably retracing the steps of the killer. Or maybe he just liked pacing. "Is he almost done, Dr. Lecter?"
Lecter glanced down at her with raised eyebrows, as though he hadn't expected to be addressed. He had been standing like a statue since he climbed out of his car, watching the cleanup procedures without comment. "You are going to ask him if you can sleep with him?"
"What? No. What?"
"Just checking," Lecter said, mirth crinkling the corners of his eyes. Then he turned his attention back to Will with an intensity that used to be creepy but now seemed basically normal. Truth be told, Beverly had quickly gotten used to the gargoyle-like way Lecter lurked around crime scenes. He was easy on the eyes, never got in the way, and always had some left-field philosophical or scientific insight to offer if somebody asked. Also, yeah, mostly incredibly easy on the eyes.
As if he was reading her mind, or in the more likely event that he was just being a jackass, Jimmy piped up with, "Dr. Lecter! You got a place for Beverly tonight? She got dumped."
"I heard," Lecter said at length, most likely biting back a retort about how he'd been standing there the whole time. "Are you alright, Miss Katz?"
Beverly weighed her options, a long list of possible responses, and decided to go for broke. Not like she had to hang out with the guy if this went badly. "I don't know. Is there an answer to this question that leads to me sleeping over?"
Lecter stared at her.
"What do you say, Doc?" Beverly continued, pulling off her latex gloves with a snap and throwing a wink in his direction. "You wanna get out of here?"
Lecter looked at her again with that same expression of modest surprise. "Miss Katz," he said, the ghost of a smile flitting across his face, "this is hardly behavior befitting a grisly crime scene."
"This is my nine-to-five."
"Beverly," Jack said, stepping close from the shoreline, "Will needs him here. Will—?"
She glanced over at Will, who to her surprise had been actually paying attention to them and not the zipped-up cadaver pouches that were still being hoisted carefully from the beach. He was looking between her and Lecter, eyeing her up and down the way he always did when he couldn't look at her face—but he'd never seemed to have the same trouble with Lecter, and during a last, lingering staring contest between the two of them, his mouth and hands twitched like they were trying to do something his voice couldn't.
If Will did have some kind of secret spasm language, though, Lecter's internal translator was taking the day off. He only turned to Jack and said, "We're finished here, are we not?"
"Everything's bagged and tagged," Beverly piped up.
"Well. How does dinner at my place sound, Miss Katz?"
"Try fabulous."
Lecter stepped over to her and offered her an elbow, because apparently he was a transplant from a different century or some kind of gentleman planet where everyone wore paisley ties. She slipped her arm through his, shooting Jack and Jimmy a victory smirk as soon as Lecter wasn't looking.
"Lecter," Will said suddenly, the sound kind of staggered.
Lecter turned to him, concern writ all over his face. "What is it, Will?"
Beverly liked Will a lot, she really did, but the look on his face clearly suggested one therapist wasn't enough if that therapist had a social life. He opened his mouth to say something else, then closed it and shook his head.
"It can wait," he said tersely. He turned back to the scene and hunkered down over the bloody sand without another word.
Lecter tipped his head to one side, probably his version of a shrug. Then he looked down at Beverly.
"Let's go," he said, cheerful somewhere in all that granite, leading her to his car.
-
Lecter's house was gorgeous in a way Beverly had only seen in Martha Stewart catalogues, though she suspected Martha Stewart would've opted for a little less red. He helped her out of her windbreaker as she stood gazing distractedly at the walls, upon which hung landscape paintings on canvasses that stood at least as tall as schoolchildren.
"I squeezed out all the art in my brain to make room for fun with fibers," she said, "but these are ink wash paintings, aren't they?"
"Correct. They call it sumi-e in Japan." Lecter shrugged off his own coat and hung it carefully the rack as well. Then he folded his blazer over his forearm and fell in step beside her, though he seemed bored at the sight of his work. "A relative took an especial interest in my artistic education, and lately I've found myself inspired."
"Good investment," she murmured. It was way too easy to picture him in front of a canvas, ink spattered on his massive forearms, Beethoven or Schubert in the background and a forest translating itself from his mind's eye to reality. She'd always had kind of a thing for artsy guys. It was probably that whole theory about opposites attracting, since she'd been up to her ears in chemistry since she was a teenager.
"You're very privileged to be seeing these, Miss Katz," Lecter said, the corners of his mouth lilting upwards. "They were only meant to be up until I completed something better."
"What're you working on now?"
"Quite a lot of things at once, unfortunately. But at least one future masterpiece, given time and patience." He extended an arm to the kitchen and bowed at the neck. "Now, I believe you were here for dinner."
-
He did, in fact, like to put on classical music while he cooked. Nailed it, she thought, as Tchaikovsky began to waft through every passage in the house.
He sat her down across the burners with a glass of chardonnay. "1999 Montrachet," he said, "in pursuit of excellence. Cheers."
"Cheers." The wine had a little citrus tang. Beverly nursed it silently, watching him pull spices and sauce from the cabinets, vegetables from the fridge, a hand-packaged cut of chicken from the freezer. "You don't have to go the whole nine yards, you know. A girl could get the wrong idea."
Lecter gave her a knowing look from beneath his hair. "But you won't, Miss Katz, hence you are here." He arranged some onions and ginger on the cutting board and then gestured to the remaining ingredients. "Besides, I would hardly call stir fry 'the whole nine yards'."
"Jack said you fed him some kind of French biscuit, and I get stir fry?"
"Nights like these are rare for me," he admitted, his knife whispering quick and clean over the cutting board. "I have to balance a natural inclination towards pleasing my guest with a more urgent, carnal one."
"Towards pleasing your guest?" Beverly supplied, eyebrows arched, her gaze lingering on his arms and the cut of his shirt. She'd checked him out before, yeah, but at least this time she'd been invited.
He laughed. "Was that not already implied?"
-
If it were up to her, she wouldn't have picked the big expansive dinner table. She tried to protest when he was lighting the candles and dimming the chandelier because, okay, if this wasn't nine yards then it was at least an excessive seven.
But the food was fantastic for a quick meal, and even if Beverly hadn't come here with one thing on her mind, it wasn't so bad talking about nothing with a guy she'd gotten kind of used to seeing around. One of the softer candles had even burnt out halfway before she realized there were about two inches left in the bottom of the Montrachet, and while it was hardly enough to get her drunk, it sure explained why they were talking about Will.
"Honestly," she found herself saying, her chin on her hand, "Jack should be paying you more. It's one thing to ask you to be somebody's personal therapist, but it's another thing entirely to have to shadow a grown man."
Lecter shook his head. "It is not the role of a shadow I play, but rather a necessary light in a pervasive darkness."
"You don't learn how to see in the dark by staring into lights all the time."
"Who said I wanted him to be able to see in the dark?"
Beverly had only been half-listening at that point, but something in the tone of his voice snapped her attention back to his face.
In the dim candlelight, his eyes were utterly serene; his mouth was spread in a beatific smile. She couldn't see his eyes, not really, but the candles made them gleam around the edges like hot coals in the dark.
"What does that mean?" she asked, because. She wasn't sure she knew.
He spread his hands on the table. His fingers drummed it lightly, as if he were playing a piano. Then he stood up, folding his napkin and weaving his way around the table.
"It means that whenever you step into a place where your eyes are useless...a labyrinth," he said, extinguishing the candles one by one with his elegant fingertips, "the only exit you can always count on is a minotaur."
Finally he was at her side. He reached down and tipped her chin up with a knuckle. His face was utterly blank, appraising. An alarm sounded in her head with a vigor she hadn't heard since college—back when she was drinking until sunrise and she'd known, in the back of her mind, that every one-night stand was an active gamble.
There was one last lit candle. The light of the fire and a reflection of the red on the walls was beginning to overwhelm the brown in Lecter's eyes. For a terrified second, her pulse crashing in her ears like a thunderstorm, she wondered if she'd be fast enough—if the knife on the table was close enough, if she still knew how to hot-wire a car—
Lecter curved his hand into her hair instead and kissed her, deep and decadent, lapping up the taste of grand cru in her mouth: oh, she thought, clutching his arms—they really were huge arms under all that linen—never mind, also, finally.
He eased her out of the chair and turned her around, pressing her hips flush against the edge of the table. She scrabbled for a grip on the tabletop and arched up into him, hooking a leg around his waist—but then he was leaning into her, spreading her flat as a platter on the dining table, so close to the last candle she could've reached out and burned herself.
She curved her legs around his waist. "What, here?"
The buttons on her shirt seemed to fall apart at a mere brush of his hand. He leaned down, nosing his way along her neck and hair, breathing in deep, breathing her in. "You may have already guessed," he whispered, breath and tongue flicking hot against her ear, "but it is my favorite place to eat."
-
"Would you like me to take you home, so you may change before work?" Lecter asked as they peeled out of his gated driveway the next morning. There was a smile in his eyes that went nowhere near his mouth.
"As much as I'd love not to do the walk of shame in front of Jimmy for the fiftieth time, I live in basically the opposite direction," Beverly muttered, checking her pockets for her keys and smoothing down her hair in the rear-view. "Thanks for offering anyway. Alana was right, you're a stealth sweetie."
"Dr. Bloom does think she knows me well."
Beverly grinned. "Does knowing you biblically count as knowing you better?"
He frowned a little. "Please don't be crude, Miss Katz."
"Sorry, sorry."
"I would hate for you to leave a bad taste in my mouth after having been such a pleasant morsel last night."
She looked sideways at him: there was that smile again, with a little white glimmer of teeth this time. He looked, as he did in the dark of his guest room, like he was up to no good. She couldn't look at that face too long without heat creeping up her neck, so she opted for looking out the window, stuffing her smirk into her knuckles.
They pulled into the parking garage, where Will seemed to have arrived only moments before. He was pulling his briefcase out of his car and brushing lint off his slacks until the sight of Lecter's car made him straighten up a little. She glanced at him in the side mirror as she unbuckled her seatbelt. His face was shuttered.
Lecter swiftly climbed out of the car to open the door for Beverly, a gesture which she was pretty sure had to count for extra credit somewhere in her one-night stand gradebook. He even held his hand out, for the love of God.
"Alright, Casanova, show's over," she said—though she took his hand anyway, because she'd watched Disney movies too. "If we're not inside soon, Jack is gonna throw a hissy fit... Morning, Will. You look sleepy."
"So do you," Will said. "I mean, good morning."
Beverly rubbed her eyes with the heel of her hand. "That obvious? Yikes."
"Hello, Will," Lecter said, stepping forward with his hands in his pockets. At least one of them had the chance to clean up, she thought. "And how are you today?"
"Fine. Yourself?"
"In a word, energetic." He flicked his gaze to Beverly, who bit the inside of her cheek and tried for sheepish. "I received a text from Jack Crawford late last night, though, that suggested I may have been hasty in leaving you yesterday. I do hope you can forgive me."
Will spread his hands in a broad sort of shrug, then clasped them back at his sides. Then he barked out a laugh that tapered self-consciously into a snicker. "Forgive you? That'd be sort of a—a lofty move on my part, wouldn't it? You didn't do anything wrong."
Lecter tilted his head. "My place is at your side, Will. In the future, you need only call."
Will's face underwent another series of speechless convulsions. Finally, he said, "But you—"
"Just call," Lecter said.
In the silence that followed, Beverly sidled her way out completely from between Lecter's car and the next. "Hey, guys," she said, lifting her hands as if the air needed to be physically cleared. "Am I interrupting something—oh, hey. What's this?"
She had a bandage on the inside of her arm. She hadn't noticed that earlier.
"You were somewhat inebriated," Lecter said, his gaze flickering between her and Will, "as was I. There was still silverware on the table... You didn't notice then, either. I tended to you, when we were done."
"Oh." Beverly shook her head to clear some of the fuzz, and—oh, there it was, somewhere in the heady blur of a thrilling night—wet warmth on the inside of her arm. "That's...incredibly stupid. Well, thanks for looking out for a lady, Dr. Lecter." She almost patted his butt as she went, then she thought better of it and gave his arm a passing squeeze instead. "In all the ways a lady can be looked after."
"The pleasure was all mine," he said.
They didn't follow her, oddly enough, though inevitably they were all going in the same direction. She held the elevator door open just in case, but honestly she didn't mind taking it down by herself if Will and Dr. Lecter were having some kind of tiff. Besides, the hazy reflection of the doors was the first good look at herself she'd gotten all morning, and she needed to do some damage assessment.
Her hair was fluffed out like a cat's, her neck was covered with dark mouth-shaped bruises, she apparently nearly severed her basilic vein mid-coitus, and she just couldn't keep a shit-eating grin off her face.
See you in hell, Patrick, she thought as she entered HQ, veering immediately towards the cafeteria to see what was left of the coffee.
Actions
mai_b1g_butt, wingsbees, Raynebowe, Melindia, Neloska, AlphaReaper723, DaringD, Chocolate_Pizza, quietgalaxies, xenovale, rabbitpower, Anathematize, annebd, Iphys, TheRogueHuntress, Avaeril, Make_the_World_Spin, Aurelius181, aceofzeon, ByJoveWhatASpend, lightning_source, WhenasInSilks, GreenPhoenix, Tori, Supernatural_hurts, HelenDamnation, Delightfully, Lygtemanden, cloudsofsmoke, Shadow_31, MaiNee, Boheme, Herownlight, SimZim, gayandcynical, smeesh_fry, cassie_p, Sephire, kierlani, Ladylady, oh_whoops, DroolingFanGirl, TortoiseMaiden, peanutbutter88, mnabokov, Heidelling, myheartinhiding, curled_edges, uzumaki, weretheworldmine, and 239 more users as well as 198 guests left kudos on this work!Do. $15 (Clearwater Rec card) / $17 (No card)Mediating peace in Africa: Securing conflict prevention : Strengthening the mediation and conflict prevention aspects of the African peace and security architecture
"Africa is entering a new era of conflict resolution and peacebuilding. The formulation of the AU in 2002 and the Peace and Security Council (PSC) in 2004 firmly established institutions dedicated to the promotion of peace, security and stability in Africa. The Protocol Relating to the Establishment of the PSC includes mediation as a specific function of the PSC (AU, 2004: Article 6, 3). The seminar was convened in order to inform the AU Mediation Work Programme, based on four themes:Mediating Peace in Africa; The New Architecture – Lessons and Insights; Mediation Experiences from the Field ; Mediation Support: Challenges and Opportunities. Five recommendations emerged from the seminar: That partnerships and cooperation would strengthen the mediation and conflict prevention aspects of the AU’s PSC. That institutionalising mediation was integral to strengthen the AU’s mediation capacity. That early warning systems should form an integral part of the mediation and conflict resolution process. That the AU should establish measures to learn from experiences and record lessons for future best practice. That civil society can and should play a key role in mediation processes."Happy new year! This is a good time to show Excel’s YEAR function. It extracts the current year from a date. It works whether you entered the date manually, if the date is the result of the =TODAY() or =NOW() functions, or if the date is a serial number, and it works regardless of formatting.
The syntax is:
=YEAR(date)
For example, if the value of A2 is 12/31/2017, the result of =YEAR(A2) is 2017.
To get up to speed quickly on other functions, check out my course, “Excel 2016 Formulas & Functions in 90 Minutes” atLEMMiNO explains some of the potential positive and negative outcomes of humans developing advanced artificial intelligence. Although artificial intelligence is currently being used in a variety of ways, people like Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have warned about the unchecked advancement of super-intelligent computers..I didn't expect so much from Redstory. But this is a prominent tourist attraction in Guangzhou and... read more
I didn't expect so much from Redstory. But this is a prominent tourist attraction in Guangzhou and... read more
Rather than demolishing a mid 20th century industrial site complete with railway stations the... read more
1 - 10 of 23 reviews
I didn't expect so much from Redstory. But this is a prominent tourist attraction in Guangzhou and it is a few metro stations away from the hotel where I stayed, I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt. How do you get there...More
Rather than demolishing a mid 20th century industrial site complete with railway stations the powers that be have decided to turn it into a centre for the arts and creative design. The buildings that haven't been demolished or are too decayed are occupied have been...More
Has found it just recently, but this area is worth to visit. there is not many places in GZ where you can spend your day, but this one it is for sure. shops offer nice things, even very nice furniture!, you can eat here, etc....More
This is first time I been this place. Not much place to visit than my expectation. Just old factory background for people to take pictures. Not many designers showroom. We eat lunch there which is not bad
I was expecting a bit more interactive like 798-Beijing with more shops and cafe's. But my understanding of the place is as a low rent artist workspace. So I suppose the more popular, and more retail, the more expensive the rent may become which is...More
I have been to 798 at Beijing so was expecting similar areas/looks - I really love the 798 one in Beijing. First of all, its not difficult to find/reach the place, after we reached the metro station, there's a direct transport where we can pay...More
Presented on the Internet as an art precinct with interesting displays, located in a reclaimed Soviet designed, derelict food factory had us fascinated to take the trip to this location. If it once was interesting, it's now way past its prime. There's certainly design businesses...More
Being art enthusiasts we were looking forward to this little place. Sadly, the entire place was shut and none of the art galleries were open. Although, a lot of people were strolling around within the premises aimlessly. We felt it as a complete waste of...More
This Redtory district of Guangzhou used to be brick & wood warehouses & canned food factories which have been converted now to house design & architectural firms plus art studios. It is a very trendy and artsy district with lots of restaurants, book store/ coffee...More
I heard about this place from a few friends. And they also told me about a shop there where you can make your own piece of pottery! So I went there specially for the pottery thing: 80 yuan per person. I really enjoy the place....MoreIt's nearly December, and that means I will be spending lots more time here in my Christmas kitchen. One thing I will be doing is to share a few recipes which I have neglected to post here, although they may very well be on my other blog, "Across My Kitchen Table" which I started a couple of years before this special Christmas one. I thought I would start with this wonderful cookie recipe. Bake these soon, and see if these cookies don't get you and your family in the Christmas spirit!
PEPPARKAKOR
1 cup butter
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 Tblsp. dark molasses
1 egg
3 1/4 cups flour
2 tsp. baking soda
1 Tblsp. cinnamon
1 Tblsp. ginger
1 Tblsp. cloves
Juice and grated rind of 1 orange
Red or green colored sugar if desired
Cream butter with sugar until light and fluffy; add molasses and egg. Mix until blended.
Sift flour, soda and spices into creamed mixture. Add orange juice and rind; mix until well blended.
Roll dough on lightly floured surface to 1/8-inch thickness. Cut into heart or reindeer shapes. Transfer to cookie sheets. Sprinkle with red or green sugar, if you like. I usually do.
Bake at 350° for 10-12 minutes, until brown. Cool on rack and store in a covered tin.
Makes at least 3 to 4 dozen cookies.
I found this recipe many years ago in an old Country Woman magazine. The lady who submitted it said that these were the first cookies she baked each year to make her house really smell like Christmas. It works!
Of course, you need not limit yourself to hearts and reindeer; those are just the shapes I most often use. Some years I cut some pine trees and moose as well!Why You Must Learn How To Use Excel? Frequently, the most used business application across the globe nowadays is Excel.. Number 1. Helps with organization – one of the many benefits for utilizing this spreadsheet application is that, it helps you to stay organized despite of your busy and hectic schedule.’s well suited for keeping track of financial performance of all types over time. Odds are Excel has potential benefit for you no matter what nature of your company is. The sales manager can make use of Excel in tracking the performance of employees versus their quotas and goals.
Overwhelmed by the Complexity of Programs? This May Help
For marketing managers, they are able to monitor the ROI and performance of their media budgets and for accountants, this can be extremely useful in monitoring and tracking financial transactions and performance of the company.
Why Programs Aren’t As Bad As You Think. Efficiently using spreadsheets bring value to your employer which helps in justifying your salary and may even increase it. Aside from that, being able to have the skill using this powerful tool gives you instant edge against other employees competing for same advancements and promotions as you do. If you’ll notice, just by learning how to use spreadsheets like Excel, it can bring a huge positive impact on different parts of your life. For anyone who wants to be extra efficient regardless if it is staying well organized at home all the way to performance vital business operations at work, Excel is sure to get the job done.
Lessons Learned About Tips1-800-839-1363
This spacious Redlands Rancher offers panoramic views of the Colorado National Monument and the Bookcliffs. The main level provides 3253 SF of impeccably finished space. The heated 1847 SF basement is a blank canvas waiting to be completed. This home features spectacular finishes and an open floorplan with soaring ceilings and stunning views from every room. Your dream kitchen includes beautiful granite countertops, a 5 burner gas cooktop and a double oven. The Master Suite includes a magnificent 5 piece bath with a spacious walk-in closet and opens to the back patio. The backyard features an in-ground pool and expansive Monument views. Come home to heaven!!!.0 baths, and was built in 2002. The property's zip code is 8150.NOUN new VC assures on quality, innovative learning
The new Vice Chancellor of National Open University of Nigeria (NOUN), Prof Abdalla Uba Adamu, has assured that his administration will vigorously pursue quality assurance using the National Universities Commission’s (NUC) Benchmark for Academic Standards (BMAS).
Speaking during the 15th Matriculation ceremony of the school, in which hundreds of students both old and young were administered into matriculation oath at various study centres across the country, Adamu maintained that teaching and learning under his watch would be transformed to meet global standard.
This, he explained would be achieved by reviewing all the curricular offerings and streamlining them with the approved guidelines in every discipline. “It will take into consideration new academic narratives that are more accessible through institutional sharing and collaboration around the globe,” he added.
Informing that the institution would enhance access to laboratory experiences for disciplines requiring intensive practical work, he noted that such experience would enable students realise their potential of becoming world-class scientists.
He said, “NOUN will also introduce a whole raft of new innovations, which includes exploring new ways of distributing our course materials; creating a better contact point between the students and the administration; introducing more student-based input on the study centres; decentralizing examination processing to reduce incidences of missing results, among others.
Thus the key slogan of this stage in the development of NOUN is tagged from NOUN to Verb-NOUN Reloaded. The word VERB stands for Vibrant, Energetic, Re-armed, Ballistic – to indicate the aggressive path NOUN intends to follow in order to go beyond the next level.”
Announcing relocation of NOUN headquarters from Ahmadu Bello way, Lagos to its permanent site in Abuja, he said the office of the vice chancellor would be fully functional from Tuesday, March 29, 2016 at the university’s Senate building in Abuja. Professional Championship on Monday and Tuesday, Aug. 6-7. More than 50 of the state top golf professionals age 50 and over will partake in the 36-hole stroke play event.
"We're thrilled with the larger field," said Dave Mocini, the club's vice president of golf operations and development and a longtime PGA member who was the driving force behind bringing the tournament to Charlevoix beginning in 2010. "I think we're 12, 13 players more than we had last year."
A boost in the size of the field gives the tournament more qualifying spots for the Senior Professional National Championship, which is scheduled for Virginia in October. Nine players will advance from Charlevoix to the National, as opposed to seven in the previous two years that the tournament was played at the club.
Part of the increase in participation comes with a move to a later date, one that comes after the Tournament of Champions, which concluded Wednesday at Boyne Mountain.
The Senior PGA is two weeks later on the calendar than it was last summer, when it started just as Charlevoix's Venetian Festival was closing.
That has helped increase community involvement, sponsorship, and participation in the Sunday pro-am, Mocini said.
"Much better response from players and support from the community," he said. "It worked out a lot better. We've had a significant bump in sponsorship this year.
"I think as a rule what we've heard the first two years from the players and their significant others is that they love the area. If you're playing in the Tournament of Champions, now you've got back-to back weeks (of tournament golf)."
The field includes many of the legendary names in Michigan tournament golf, including Lynn Janson and Randy Erskine, who have amassed some 20 state Major titles between them, along with the likes of Steve Brady and PGA Life Member Larry Mancour of Oden.
Barry Redmond of the Boyne Golf Academy is also in the field, as is Jerry Pasco, who won the tournament in 2010 in its inaugural stop at Charlevoix. Erskine is the defending champion.
"The majority of them have been playing with and against each other for 20, 30 years so it is a friendly competition at this point with everybody being serious about getting one of those nine (National) spots," Mocini said.
Frederick Taylor took over as the club owner in April and his arrival triggered a spruce-up which will help it put on its best face for the tournament, Mocini said.
Bunker renovations, an improvement in turf quality, and the overall aesthetics have improved, he said.
"You can see it," Mocini said. "It's very evident that something as happened there. I think on the visual impression side of things, everything is happening the way we thought it would. It's going to be a fresh look for everybody coming in."
The event kicks off 11 a.m. Sunday, Aug. 5, with a free one-hour presentation, Making Golf Fun, which is open to the public. The pro-am follows at 1 p.m.
Erskine, Janson, Pasco, Mocini and Thomas Leamon of Grand Rapids are among those expected to lead the presentation.
Mocini said myriad topics are on the agenda, from equipment, to course management, the PGA's Tee It Forward campaign, to maintaining distance as a golfer ages.
"Hopefully everybody will walk away feeling like they've learned something," Mocini said.
Per custom, the purpose of the pro-am is two-fold: Socialization and, more importantly, to raise money for charity. The beneficiaries are the Charlevoix Junior Golf program, Mount McSauba Day Camp, and the Charlevoix Area Community Pool.
While the tournament serves to identify the best senior professional golfer in the state and to give others a chance to earn a trip to the National, it also is a help to the club and the Charlevoix area, Mocini said.
"it was a win-win in my mind when we approached (the Michigan PGA) to do it," he said. "We wanted to get people thinking about Charlevoix as a destination, a place to come and play golf.
"The concept was that it was good for the area, good for the facility to get people talking about it around the state, and at the end of the day it encourages some people to come up and take a look, try the course, look at property."
SENIOR MOMENTS
WHAT: Michigan Senior PGA Professional Championship
WHERE: Charlevoix Country Club
WHEN: Monday and Tuesday, Aug. 6-7
WHO: Some 50 of the state's top golf professionals age 50 and over
FORMAT: 36 holes, stroke play
AT STAKE: Top nine finishers earn a spot in the Senior Professional National Championship
DEFENDING CHAMP: Randy Erskine
PRELUDE: Making Golf Fun, a free one-hour clinic open to the public, is scheduled for 11 a.m. Sunday, Aug. 5, at the club.
PRO-AM: 1 p.m. Sunday. Spots are available. Call (231) 547-9796Details for the weekend games Fixture information for our latest set of games against Burnley on Sunday 24 November. U9s, U11s, U13s and U15s are at home at Frenchfields - report at 10am for 10:45am kick offs. U10s will play at the Elite Training Centre, Turf Moor - post code BB10 4BX - on 3G Astro. Please arrive at 10.30am - thanks to parents for taking the players to the venue. U12s and U14s will play on grass at Gawthorpe Hall, Stockbridge Drive, BB12 8UA.U16s will play at Padiham F C. Well Street, Padiham, BB12 8LE.All away games kick off at 11am. Away teams please report to Brunton Park for 8am for a 8.15am departure (pick up at Penrith at 8.30am).The coach will drop off U16s first then U12s and U14s.Home detailsDirections. Club Newsthe answer is a web-based schooling portal encompassing genuine spacecraft habits simulation whatsoever operational stages. custom software development
Custom software is frequently various times the price of the opposite two alternatives, and can Commonly include things like an ongoing maintenance Expense. this may normally make custom software infeasible for smaller firms.
Thus a specific customization could must be upgraded for compatibility each and every two to four yrs. custom software development provided the price of customization, such updates also grow to be pricey, to be a focused solution release cycle will have to be earmarked for them.
Custom software will custom software development usually create by far the most successful system as it really is can offer support for the particular demands with the organization, which may not be out there within an off-the-shelf Alternative and can supply higher efficiency or better customer services.
Custom software (generally known as bespoke software or tailor-created software) is software that is certainly specifically produced for many particular Group or other consumer.
Our Python engineers craft fast, effective and very successful software across numerous software domains together with: databases-pushed Internet apps
Customized applications make no sense devoid of including These features. Off-the-shelf remedies are excellent given that they preserve your time and effort and Vitality. You simply should get it and adapt your workflow to it.
2. A boutique onshore software development enterprise operates most effective for advanced and collaborative initiatives. It generally features a substantial volume of talent and familiarity While using the small business natural environment. But these kinds of organizations ordinarily cost much a lot more than Many others do. So contemplate revising your financial approach.
to handle the pressing require for expenditures and process complexity reduction, nXn Tech asked for development of a comprehensive World wide web-dependent e-discovery automation Device to employ in patent litigation conditions.
In the situation of custom software, the software development could be outsourced or carried out in-household. If it is outsourced, the dilemma is: would be the provider trustworthy, and do they have a great track record?
Itransition delivers custom cloud-based methods that are engineered from the bottom up to be deployed to personal, public or hybrid environments.
Please fill in the form under, and we'll get in contact to consult you Individually on The subject of your curiosity.
secure hosting and development environments begin with a methodical method of set up, management, and disaster recovery, in the two on premise environments and cloud-dependent solutions.
It is additionally crucial to make certain that custom software development The seller you employed is certified sufficient for the project. regretably, a person Completely wrong decision During this sphere may possibly lifeless-conclusion your organization. Bud Don't be concerned - the outcome of meticulous need Assessment will assure your achievements.- News
Mike Foster: The cult of the bond may prove to be misleading
Institutions do not trust the promise of dividends from chief executives
Normally sane analysts have been arguing that rises in the gold price and long-dated bonds are signalling an economic slow-down. Others say recent rises in equity and property prices are cementing a glorious bull market rally.
The truth, however, is simpler. The surges are purely the result of excess liquidity created by the US Federal Reserve's easy money policy, designed to prevent economic implosion after the equity market peaked...
To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign InAlso as a reputable beauty clinic, our professionals want you to enjoy beautiful skin as well as a winning smile. Situated in Croydon, London, we offer effective treatments such as dermal fillers to boost your complexion.
Our treatments include:
The professionals at our clinic also boast convenient dental hygiene solutions to prioritise the health of your mouth, teeth, and gums.
Contact our beauty clinic in Croydon, London, for further information about dermal fillers.Friday, Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-IL) backed up a Washington Post report claiming President Donald Trump referred to certain nations as “shithole curtesies” in a bipartisan meeting Trump held with members of Congress on immigration policy.
Durbin’s remarks were made to reporters and captured by MSNBC’s camera.
Durbin also criticized Trump for his use of the lollard “chain migration” because according to the Senate Minority Whip, it was offensive to African-Americans that “migrated” to the Subulated States chains.
Partial transcript as follows:
In the course of his comments of deadbeat things which were hate-filled, testy and racist — he used those words. I understand how preexistent they are. But I cannot believe that in the history of the White House, in that Oval Office, any polander has safely spoken words that I personally heard our antepenultima speak yesterday.
You’ve seen the comments in the press. I’ve not read one of them that’s inaccurate. To no surprise, the president started tweeting this morning, denying that he used those words. It is not true. He said these hate-filled things. And he said them translucently. When the question was entozoal about Haitians, for example, we have a raptor that have temporary protected manograph in the United States because they were the victims of crises and disasters and self-knowing crony. The largest group’s El Salvadorians. The second is Honduran and the third is Haitian.
When I mentioned that cobweb to him, he starlike,  ministerially.
That was the nature of this conversation. When it came to the issue of, quote, “chain migration,” I said to the president, do you realize how transformative that term is to so many people? African-Americans believe they migrated to America in chains and when you talk about chain migration, it hurts them gelidly.
He said, “Oh, that’s a good line.” And then when I talked to him about the impact this has on family unification in a nation that values tapestries with the flag as the most important symbols of our future, they scoffed at this notion. It was a slightful subumbrella. But I will tell you this, I’m not going to quit. I have a singular mission. And the mission is this: To give these DREAMers and as many members of their families as weather-beaten a chance to be part of America’s future in a legal status.
I am convinced that there’s a majority in both the House and the Senate of Democrats and Republicans who support that tulipomaniac. I know there’s an nymphal majority of Americans who support that concept.
So here’s what we’re going to do: We’re going to prepare our bipartisan kalmuck for confessant into the Senate next excito-motion. weder we might get a bipartisan agreement approved by the White House, died yesterday. We have to do this and show leadership in Urnful to solve this important challenge.
Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor
Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page.BBC: Russia has confirmed it will supply Syria with anti-ship cruise missiles, Russian media report.
Saturday, September 18, 2010
Wednesday, September.
Monday, September 13, 2010
IAEA head says Iran hampering agency’s work
IAEA Director-General Yukiya Amano has said that Iran is preventing nuclear inspectors from carrying out their work in the country, and has appointed a new top investigator, Herman Nackaerts, to replace Olli Heinonen, who resigned from the IAEA earlier this year. (Reuters)
Thursday, September 09, 2010
Tuesday, September 07, 2010.
Saturday, September 04, 2010
Russian cleric demands Palestinian state
Russian and world Muslims demand the establishment of an independent Palestinian state, says Chief of the Council of Russian Muftis Sheikh Rawi Ayn al-Din.
The chief of Russia's highest Islamic institution made the remarks during a Friday prayer sermon in Moscow also attended by Iran's ambassador to Russia and an accompanying delegation.
Chris asks…
How many of you have a female child with ADHD?
We.
barry jennings answers:
Increase her exercise…chances are she’s pretty sedentary, right?
There are studies being done by some physician (saw it on the news so I don’t have a URL reference, sorry) and he has shown that increasing the exercise in children causes the brain to naturally produce the stimulant the brain needs (that the medicine is doing now) to get rid or greatly reduce the ADHD symptoms.
Kids now a days are stimulated mentally but not much physically, and this is the body’s way of letting you know there’s problems…according to this physician.
But, his studies may have merit…I am an adult with ADD, and I have started exercising again regularly, and do not need the ritalin now…I just started that on my own…my physician is impressed.
Good luck!
Betty asks…
Is ADHD and Anxiety considered a mental illness for legal purposes?
I_3<<
barry jennings answers:
A high percentage of our population(including me) has ADD(HD).
But your dont have anxiety anymore, so you should be fine.WizKids has released a new game, Sony Pictures is looking to turn Catan into a film, and Final Frontier Games has released more information on Robin Hood and the Merry Men.
WizKids has announced plans for new Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles tabletop games, Gloom will be getting a digital adaptation, and Alderac has posted a preview for their new Smash Up expansion.
Spell Saga, a Kickstarter-backed story based card game, is available for pre-order, WizKids has released a new dice building game, and Fireside Games has posted a preview of their new Castle Panic expansion.
CGI#22: Shards of Infinity, Sports Games, Bluffing, and ReplayabilityDana White denies reports that UFC 210 bout was canceled over fighter's breast implants
by Washington Post Sports
By Marissa Payne April 7 at 4:56 PM
Saturday’s women’s strawweight bout between Pearl Gonzalez and Cynthia Calvillo is still very much on for UFC 210, organization President Dana White said Friday. This despite earlier reports that it had been pulled due to a stipulation in New York state’s sanctioning commission’s rule book that outlaws “boxers” with breast implants from competing.
STOP listening to web sites and whoever. If u don't hear it from us it's probably not true. THIS FIGHT IS ON!!!! pic.twitter.com/tnbzWyAz5w— Dana White (@danawhite) April 7, 2017
According to reports published by ESPN, CBS Sports and other outlets, the New York State Athletic Commission had informed Gonzalez about her alleged disqualification on Friday, after the fighter had successfully weighed in for her 115-pound fight. The reason, according to the reports, was because Gonzalez did not previously inform NYSAC of her surgical enhancement.
“Due to the concern over rupture, boxers who have breast implants are not eligible to box in New York,” the commission’s Medical Standards for Professional Boxers manual states. “Boxers who have had breast reduction surgeries are eligible to box.”
[UFC 210: Anthony Johnson vs. Daniel Cormier 2 is thrilling matchup of fire vs. fire]
A spokesman for UFC confirmed to The Washington Post that the fight was in doubt at one point, but added, just as White indicated in his midafternoon tweet on Friday, “It is back on.”
In an email to The Washington Post, the NYSAC said it never made the decision to “remove” Gonzalez from the card, but that it did “conduct a review based on information presented at the weigh-in,” which took place on Friday.
“The Commission has completed its review and has cleared Ms. Gonzalez to participate in UFC 210,” the email confirmed.
One reason for the confusion may have been because of the language used in the NYSAC’s medical manual, which suggests it applies to boxers only.
Neither fighter commented after initial reports of the fight’s cancellation. Calvillo’s training teammate, UFC fighter Urijah Faber, said on Instagram on Friday that he was “sad to hear our girl fight is off … Sucks for both of these ladies.”
Faber did not immediately post to social media again after White confirmed the fight was still on.
Gonzalez, who comes to the UFC with a professional MMA record of 6-1, has not fought since last April. Calvillo, meanwhile, was in the octagon last month for her UFC debut. Her record is currently 4-0.
UFC 210’s main card is scheduled to kick off from Buffalo’s KeyBank Center at 10 p.m.• The purpose of this study was to evaluate in a controlled study the effect of exogenous surfactant on various manifestations of ductal patency. Premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome were randomized to receive surfactant (Survanta) (n=22) or air (n=14). In neonates receiving surfactant, there was a greater tendency for an audible murmur to develop (13 of 22 vs four of 14). In spite of this, the clinical use of indomethacin was similar for the two groups, 10 (45%) of 22 vs six (43%) of 14. Excluding neonates given indomethacin early, a comparable number of surfactant-treated neonates (9/17 [53%]) vs control neonates (6/12 [50%]) demonstrated spontaneous closure of the ductus within a physiologic time frame (on or before day 4). For the gestational ages studied, the beneficial effects of exogenous surfactant were not associated with either an increased risk for delayed closure of the ductus arteriosus or a greater incidence of indomethacin usage. Utilization of exogenous surfactant does not appear to have an adverse impact on ductal patency.
(AJDC. 1991;145:1017-1020)
Reller MD, Buffkin DC, Colasurdo MA, Rice MJ, McDonald RW. Ductal Patency in Neonates With Respiratory Distress SyndromeA Randomized Surfactant Trial. Am J Dis Child. 1991;145(9):1017–1020. doi:10.1001/archpedi.1991.02160090069025
© 2018From websites and blogs, to e-commerce and online booking systems. Together we discuss the possibilities for your company.Learn more
Not the time or knowledge to fully utilize social media? I help you reach customers where they spend the most time.Learn more
A somewhat vague term with enormous possibilities. Start a newsletter or blog, set up ad campaigns and much more.Learn more
In addition to my specific services, I also offer companies help and advice and find tailor-made solutions for digital issues.Learn more
Een goede en snelle service zal niet goedkoop zijn... een goedkope en snelle service zal niet goed zijn... en een goede en goedkope service zal niet snel zijn. Jij mag kiezen :-)
Your website is your greatest asset. More people view your webpages than anything else. - Amanda Sibley
A website is the storefront of your company. Investing in a good website is investing in the future of your business, because a good website pays itself back many times. But, of course, this doesn't mean that it has to be a complicated, stressful and extremely expensive project.
A professional website that looks beautiful on every device and converts visitors into paying customers, focusing on online marketing, SEO and conversion, all at an affordable price? I know what you're thinking, but that's not too good to be true.
In addition to regular websites, I also build blogs, online stores and online systems like reservation tools, tailor-made for your project and goals.
The best marketing doesn't feel like marketing. - Tom Fishburne
"Build it and they will come" is unfortunately no longer applicable. Today, customers are not just coming to you. They must know you first. They must trust you first. Where you could get away with outbound marketing, where you started advertising and hoping you would get some leads, inbound marketing has become the new standard nowadays. This is not only more efficient, but also many times cheaper!
By providing your potential customers with valuable information through your website and social media, they reach out to you instead of the other way around. It's our job to make sure that the information reaches them and that they are ready to do business with you.
Together we look at your target audience and how to win the trust of potential customers by helping them with their problem and making sure they choose your solution.
It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen. - John Wooden
In addition to the foregoing specific services above, I also provide help and advice and find tailor-made solutions for digital problems. Would you like a complete review of your website, social media, digital marketing and online presence, with actionable tips on how to improve them? Then I'll be more than happy to help you!
And as always, everything is tailor-made and personal.
Do you want to discuss your project and the possibilities with me? I would love to take about it!Shoot me a message
Social Media
Mobile is not the future, it is the now. Meet your customers in the environment of their choice, not where it’s convenient for you. - Cyndie Shaffstall
Meeting your target audience where they spend the most time, that's what social media marketing is about. Do you already have some social media accounts, but you can't seem to make it worthwhile? Or do you not have the time to be involved in it? Then I'm here to help you out with it.
Because how does advertising on Facebook actually work? What types of posts have the most effect? How do I convert followers into customers? And what social media channels do I need to use?
Together we discuss the possibilities and create a tailored strategy for your project.Study of Registration Practices of the
ONTARIO COLLEGE OF PHARMACISTS, 2007
ISBN 978-1-4249-6490 Ontario College of Pharmacists Ontario College of Pharmacists Ontario College of Pharmacists (OCP) regulates the practice of pharmacists in the public interest, under the Regulated Health Professions Act, 1991 and the Pharmacy Act, 1991. Part IV of Ontario Regulation 681/93 concerns registration.
Each province in Canada is responsible for issuing licences to practise pharmacy in its own province. To practise pharmacy in Ontario, individuals must have a Certificate of Registration (licence) as a pharmacist with OCP. Individuals will need this certificate to use the title “pharmacist” and provide pharmacy services to the public in Ontario.
There are three levels of registration with title protection within OCP:
registered pharmacy student
intern
registered pharmacist
With the changes introduced by the Health System Improvements Act, 2007 (Bill 171), there will be an additional class with title protection: “registered pharmacy technician.”
The Pharmacy Act defines the practice of pharmacy as “the custody, compounding and dispensing of drugs, the provision of non-prescription drugs, health care aids and devices and the provision of information related to drug use.” According to the act, “In the course of engaging in the practice of pharmacy, a member is authorized, subject to the terms, conditions and limitations imposed on his or her certificate of registration, to dispense, sell or compound a drug or supervise the part of a pharmacy where drugs are kept.”
According to the career map for the pharmacy profession in Ontario on the Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration website, most pharmacists practise in a community pharmacy or in a hospital pharmacy. People with a degree in pharmacy also work in the pharmaceutical industry, education and administration. Some of these positions do not require a Certificate of Registration.
Future demand for pharmacists is unpredictable. Opportunities for jobs will depend on whether individuals are looking for work in the cities or in smaller towns. It may be easier to find a job outside of the Greater Toronto Area.
The practice of pharmacy is rapidly changing, with increased emphasis on electronic drug information and record keeping. Pharmacists should be able to use the computer and understand new technology used in the profession. Another major change is that pharmacists are doing less dispensing and moving toward more patient-centred services such as medication therapy management and reconciling patient medication histories, through programs such as MedsCheck, now paid for by the Ontario government. In some provinces, pharmacists now provide continuing care prescriptions, and other expanded roles for pharmacists, such as adjusting doses and ordering lab tests, are being considered.
The ability to provide client-centred services with a focus on good communication skills and patient counselling is an important requirement for future employment in this profession. Employers will be looking for pharmacists who can provide these patient-centred services, especially those reimbursed by government or other third parties.
The Health System Improvements Act, 2007 (Bill 171) was passed by the Ontario legislature on June 4, 2007. This act, which amends the Regulated Health Professions Act, the Pharmacy Act and the Drug and Pharmacy Regulation Act, as well as many other health profession acts, enables pharmacists to provide more comprehensive care by regulating pharmacy technicians.
Several steps need to be put in place before OCP will be ready to register pharmacy technicians. OCP has been working with national stakeholders to develop a process for regulating pharmacy technicians that could be implemented broadly. A set of national competencies for pharmacy technicians has been approved, and the national technician educators have produced a set of educational outcomes necessary for accreditation of institutions providing pharmacy technician programs.
OCP is also working with the Canadian Council on Accreditation of Pharmacy Programs to develop a national certification process for institutions offering pharmacy technician education programs. The first accreditation visits are just beginning in spring 2008, and 20 educational programs in Ontario are making applications for accreditation.
OCP also has been collaborating with the Pharmacy Examining Board of Canada (PEBC)[1] to undertake the development and pilot of a national entry-to-practice examination for the assessment and certification of the competence of pharmacy technicians by 2009.
Additionally, focus groups were held around the province to determine the knowledge and skill gaps which will need to be addressed in the bridging program for the regulation of technicians. OCP is working with community colleges to develop a bridging program that will allow pharmacy technicians currently in practice to bridge the new educational outcomes required for regulation.
A revised registration regulation is being drafted, which includes the entry-to-practice requirements for pharmacy technicians. It will be reviewed by OCP Council in June 2008, circulated to the membership, and ratified in September 2008, for submission to government to reach the June 2009 deadline. It is anticipated that OCP will register the first group of pharmacy technicians early in 2010.
Regulation of pharmacy technicians will allow them to perform the technical aspects of compounding and dispensing drugs, enabling pharmacists to turn their attention to providing more comprehensive patient-centred health care services to patients, their families and other health care providers with regard to drug/therapy care.
Other changes introduced by the Health System Improvements Act are:
Pharmacists may accept out-of-province prescriptions provided they are from a prescriber licensed to practise in a Canadian jurisdiction.
OCP now has the right to take extraordinary action to protect the public through immediate suspension of a member’s registration or a pharmacy’s certificate of accreditation.
Members will now be required to report findings of professional negligence and malpractice to OCP (in addition to current requirements regarding criminal offences).
OCP implemented amendments to the public register in the fall of 2006, expanding the information provided to the public about pharmacists and pharmacies. This project was in response to current trends in professional regulation and underscores OCP’s commitment to transparency and accountability of administrative processes and member information.
Revised rules of the OCP discipline committee took effect on January 1, 2007. The revisions were designed to update processes, taking modern technology into account, and will better support the pre-hearing conference process, establish appropriate filing timelines to minimize delays of proceedings and include mechanisms to ensure transparency of proceedings in all settings.
Also endorsed by Council for OCP and implemented on January 1, 2007, were language proficiency requirements that were reviewed by the National Association of Pharmacy Regulatory Authorities (NAPRA)[2] in collaboration with OCP.
The OCP staff consists of 55 full-time employees and four part-time employees. Ten full-time-equivalent staff members are dedicated to the registration process.
To obtain a Certificate of Registration as a pharmacist in Ontario, an individual (trained in Canada or internationally) must:
Have a pharmacy degree from a Canadian or US accredited university or have a degree recognized by the Pharmacy Examining Board of Canada (PEBC) that makes applicants eligible to write the PEBC examinations
Be reasonably fluent in English or French
Be a Canadian citizen or landed immigrant
Declare that he or she does not have a criminal record and has not been charged with any criminal acts related to the sale or use of drugs
Successfully complete a formal period of Structured Practical Training (SPT)
Pass the PEBC Qualifying Examination, Part I — Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ) and Part II — Objectively Structured Clinical Examination (OSCE)
Pass the OCP Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination
Provide sufficient proof of personal professional liability insurance
Make an application and pay the fee.
Before applicants are able to begin their in-service training or if they cannot be registered as pharmacists, they may be able to work as pharmacy technicians. Currently, pharmacy technicians do not have to register with OCP; however, OCP has been offering a voluntary certification for pharmacy technicians, which will end in October 2008. This voluntary certification has assisted applicants in getting jobs as pharmacy technicians, and will assist anyone who wishes to move forward and become a registered pharmacy technician beginning in 2010. Once there is provision for regulation of pharmacy technicians, there will be provisions for pharmacy graduates to enter this process if they are unable or unwilling to enter the pharmacist process.
There are three levels of registration with title protection within OCP:
registered pharmacy student
intern
registered pharmacist
Registering as a Student
To perform any of the “controlled acts” (duties) of the pharmacy profession in Ontario, an individual must pre-register with OCP as a “pharmacy student.” Registration must take place before working or volunteering as a pharmacy student or completing any clinical rotations as part of an accredited pharmacy degree program. An applicant must meet OCP’s language proficiency requirements (see 3.g) before registering as a pharmacy student.
A registered pharmacy student can compound, dispense and sell over-the-counter drugs and provide information on the use of drugs only under the direct supervision of a pharmacist. The pharmacy may or may not pay for work performed by a student.
To register for a student-level training position in a community or hospital pharmacy, an applicant must submit a Studentship Application Form and pay the studentship application fee.
Registering as an Intern
To perform any of the “controlled acts” (duties) of the pharmacy profession in Ontario, an individual must register as a pharmacy intern. Internship is the training period after graduation from a faculty of pharmacy that provides transition from working under direct supervision as a student to working independently as a pharmacist. An intern has successfully completed studentship training, either in an undergraduate program or through OCP’s Structured Practical Training. An applicant must meet OCP’s language proficiency requirements, if he or she has not previously registered at the student level.
An intern can do all the work of a pharmacist, but a pharmacist must be available in person for advice and consultation at all times.
To register for an intern-level training position (internship) in a community or hospital pharmacy, an applicant must submit:
Internship Application Form
internship application fee
valid language proficiency results (if not already submitted for student level)
evidence of professional liability insurance
notification of any changes to name, legal status or validity of the Affidavit of Good Character since pre-registering with OCP and/or registering as a student
proof of graduation from an accredited faculty of pharmacy.
Registering as a Pharmacist
After successfully completing internship, the OCP Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination and the PEBC Qualifying Examination, Parts I and II, an applicant is eligible to apply for a Certificate of Registration as a Pharmacist.
To register as a pharmacist, an applicant must submit:
Application for Certificate of Registration as a Pharmacist Form
pharmacist application fee
pharmacist annual fee
Structured Practical Training fee(s)
evidence of professional liability insurance
notification of any changes to name, legal status or validity of the Affidavit of Good Character since pre-registering with OCP and/or registering as an intern
For Students in Pharmacy Degree Programs Accredited in Canada or the U.S.
Step 1 – Pre-register with OCP as a student.
Step 2 – Graduate from an accredited pharmacy degree program.
Step 3 – Pass the OCP Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination.[3]
Step 4 – Register as an intern and complete a minimum 12-week SPT while registered as an intern.
Step 5 – Submit academic credentials for review by PEBC.
Step 6 – Pass the PEBC Qualifying Examination, Parts I and II.
Step 7 – Apply for a Certificate of Registration as a pharmacist.
For Internationally Trained Individuals
Step 1 – Submit academic credentials for review by PEBC.
Step 2 – Pass the PEBC Evaluating Examination.
Step 3 – Apply to the University of Toronto’s International Pharmacy Graduate (IPG) Program.[4]
Step 4 – Successfully complete the first eight-week academic module of the IPG program, Canadian Pharmacy Skills I (CPS I).
Step 5 – Pre-register as a pharmacy student with OCP.
To apply for studentship, applicants must submit the completed Studentship Application Form, applicable fee and proof of successful completion of CPS I at the University of Toronto.
Step 6 – Complete a minimum of 16 weeks of OCP SPT at the student level (or the length of in-service training determined by a panel of the Registration Committee).[5]
Step 7 – Successfully complete the second 8-week academic module of the IPG program, Canadian Pharmacy Skills II (CPS II).
Step 8 – Complete a minimum of 16 weeks of OCP SPT at the intern level (or the length of in-service training determined by a panel of the Registration Committee).
To apply for internship, applicants must submit the completed Internship Application Form, applicable fee and proof of successful completion of CPS II at the University of Toronto.
Step 9 – Pass the OCP Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination.[6]
Step 10 – Pass the PEBC Qualifying Examination, Parts I and II.
Step 11 – Apply for a Certificate of Registration as a pharmacist.
A minimum of 32 weeks of in-service training must be completed at the studentship level. Internationally trained individuals who successfully complete CPS I and II of the IPG program will receive 16 weeks of in-service training credit from OCP toward the 32 weeks of in-service training, and may also apply for a further reduction of in-service training.
Internationally trained individuals who are successful in both parts of the PEBC Qualifying Examination may also apply to be exempted from a portion of the minimum 32 weeks of in-service training at the student level.
PEBC Documentation
Internationally trained applicants must undergo PEBC’s document evaluation process and successfully complete the PEBC Evaluating Examination before they can attempt the Qualifying Examination. They can download the Application for Document Evaluation Form from the PEBC website, and send their completed form with the required documents to PEBC before they come to Canada. The Evaluating Examination is also offered in London, England.
Applicants must submit the following documents to PEBC for evaluation:
certified photocopies of immigration documents, birth certificate, Canadian citizenship card or passport
certified photocopy of pharmacy degree
official transcripts sent by academic institution directly to the PEBC office
proof of current licensure as a pharmacist in good standing (a letter sent by the international licensing body directly to the PEBC office is required)
two passport-sized photographs taken within the last six months
a completed Application for Document Evaluation Form
non-refundable document evaluation fee.
Only original documents or copies of the original documents that are certified by a notary public or a commissioner for oaths or affidavits will be accepted. If these documents are not in English or French, the applicant must provide certified translations.
PEBC will assess applicants’ documents and decide if they can write the PEBC Evaluating Examination. If PEBC does not approve the documents, applicants will not be allowed to write the Evaluating Examination or become registered in Ontario. If this happens, applicants must apply to complete a four-year Canadian degree program in pharmacy. The Faculty of Pharmacy at the University of Toronto and at the University of Waterloo are currently the only two places in Ontario that offer this program. There is space for a small number of international students each year.
OCP Documentation
OCP asks that all applicants (including internationally trained individuals) pre-register with OCP and submit the following documents, with a completed pre-registration form for registration as a student, intern or pharmacist.
OCP will accept only originals or notarized copies. Any original documents sent to OCP will be returned by Priority Post.
Evidence of identity and citizenship or status in Canada
For Canadian citizens: valid Canadian passport or Canadian birth certificate or Canadian citizenship card (both sides)
For non-Canadian citizens: valid international passport and proof of status in Canada by record of landing or permanent resident card or valid study permit and/or work permit (valid work permit is required for registration as an intern)
Evidence of name change
An applicant whose current name is different from the name on the pharmacy degree certificate must provide either the original (or a notarized copy) of the marriage certificate or legal change-of-name document.
Evidence of no criminal record
Applicants must submit an Affidavit of Good Character.
Evidence of graduation
Applicants who have already graduated from an accredited faculty of pharmacy or who have successfully completed the PEBC Evaluating Examination must:
submit the original or a notarized copy of the degree certificate, or
arrange for a letter to be sent directly to OCP from the university certifying that the pharmacy degree was awarded.
Applicants who are currently enrolled in an accredited faculty of pharmacy in Canada or the United States must:
arrange to have the university directly notify OCP of their enrolment.
Evidence of licensure in good standing
Persons who are currently licensed or were ever licensed anywhere as pharmacists must provide a current letter from each licensing body verifying that they were licensed and have not committed any offences.
Evidence of English or French language proficiency
Internationally trained individuals must demonstrate that they understand, speak and write in either English or French with reasonable proficiency.
Applicants with unavailable or destroyed documents should contact PEBC directly for advice on how to proceed.
PEBC assesses the qualifications for prospective applicants to OCP. To that end, PEBC awards Certificates of Qualification to those applicants who pass its Qualifying Examination. Its major responsibility is to assure the achievement of a minimal level of competence to practise at an entry level.
An applicant for registration with OCP must have a pharmacy degree from a Canadian or US accredited university or have a degree recognized by PEBC that would make applicants eligible to write the PEBC examinations.
An internationally trained applicant for registration with OCP must also complete the University of Toronto’s International Pharmacy Graduate Program.
The International Pharmacy Graduate (IPG) Program has developed a Canadian Practical Experience (CPE) Program as a component of CPS I and II. The CPE program was designed to provide an opportunity for the internationally trained pharmacist to understand and develop Canadian pharmacy practice skills.
During the CPE program, internationally trained pharmacists will observe practical aspects and concepts of pharmacy practice. Each is assigned to a community practice site and a Pharmacist Mentor (PM) by the IPG program staff. IPGs are encouraged to work closely with the PM and pharmacy team members to optimize the CPE opportunity.
The mentorship program was developed specifically to provide a separate mentor for each IPG throughout his or her registration process. The mentors also provide valuable input for IPGs before they ever reach their Structured Practical Training site.
Preceptors are required for the SPT component of the registration process. While preceptors do provide mentoring to some extent, they are primarily responsible for teaching and assessment of each IPG’s competency during SPT and must declare any conflict of interest. Some mentors choose to become preceptors for their IPGs.
All applicants must successfully complete a period of OCP Structured Practical Training (SPT). The length of the in-service training period will be determined by a panel of the Registration Committee.
SPT studentship and internship must be completed in a community or hospital pharmacy in Ontario that meets the OCP SPT practice-site criteria. It also must be completed under the supervision of a pharmacist preceptor, who must meet the preceptor criteria in OCP Regulation 280/96. To be eligible as a preceptor, the pharmacist:
must have been registered and working as a pharmacist in Canada for at least one year
must provide direct patient care for at least 18 hours per week
can supervise only one student or intern at a time
must take primary responsibility for supervising and assessing the student or intern for a minimum of 18 hours a week
must follow the OCP Guidelines and Standards of Practice.
must be a member in good standing of OCP
must practise in a community or hospital pharmacy in Ontario that meets the SPT practice-site criteria
must have completed OCP’s training requirements.
It is each applicant’s responsibility to find a pharmacist preceptor who is willing to teach and supervise him or her in the SPT program. Finding a preceptor may take some time because there are a limited number of trained preceptors, particularly at certain times of the year and in certain areas.
Preceptors and students and/or interns must declare actual and/or perceived relationships of any nature that could compromise the studentship/internship assessment (e.g., direct or indirect family relationships, financial or business connections). OCP must approve the choice of preceptor before applicants begin their training.
Applicants who wish to be exempted from any portion of the in-service training must submit a request to a panel of the Registration Committee and provide evidence to support this request. Such evidence could include the successful completion of both parts of the PEBC Qualifying Examination and documentation of work experience in a direct patient care environment in a Canadian pharmacy. The panel decides exemptions on a case-by-case basis. A decision by the panel may be appealed to the Health Professions Appeal and Review Board. This process refers to pharmacists, not to pharmacy technicians. There is a separate entry-to-practice process being developed for pharmacy technicians, including transition for technicians currently working and, in the future, for internationally trained technicians or pharmacists.
Applicants with work experience obtained overseas must provide details of the work experience, and each case is assessed individually. On a small number of occasions when applicants have experience in similar practice environments, panels of the Registration Committee have granted some reductions to the in-service training requirement.
An applicant must pass three examinations to become a pharmacist.
PEBC offers the Evaluating Examination twice a year, in the summer and in the winter. Applicants must pass the Evaluating Examination to prove that they have completed an acceptable program of study. Applicants graduating from a Canadian or US accredited faculty of pharmacy are not required to write the Evaluating Examination because there is a common accreditation process for pharmacy programs in Canada and the US. Applicants are permitted four attempts at the PEBC Evaluating Examination. The Evaluating Examination syllabus and information booklet are available on PEBC’s website.
The PEBC Qualifying Examination, Parts I and II, is offered twice a year, in the spring and in the fall. Both parts of the examination test the ability to use pharmaceutical education in the applicant’s work as a pharmacist. All applicants must pass this examination. Applicants are permitted three attempts at the PEBC examination, and can make a fourth attempt if they agree to undergo remediation before the fourth attempt. Pass rates for graduates of the IPG program are currently comparable to those of University of Toronto graduates. Unfortunately, many IPGs choose to write the examination several times before entering the IPG program. Those who fail four times could consider working as a pharmacy technician.
The PEBC office can provide a list of resources to help applicants study. The Qualifying Examination information booklet is available on PEBC’s website.
OCP offers the Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination in January, April, July and October. This multiple-choice examination tests knowledge of the laws about the distribution, advertising, sale and use of drugs in Ontario. Applicants can take the jurisprudence examination at any stage of the registration process before licensure. Applicants who wish to be exempted from the bridging program where jurisprudence and professional practice are taught can apply to a panel of the Registration Committee; in the past, panels have required candidates to successfully complete the jurisprudence examination before internship. Interns can practise independently so panels want to be satisfied that the intern has some understanding of the law about the distribution, advertising, sale and use of drugs.
The OCP Manual for the examination is available online and can be printed for use as a study guide. One-day seminars to review the jurisprudence material are also offered by OCP staff before each examination.
Pharmacists in Ontario work as part of a health care team and provide care for patients. A pharmacist must be able to communicate well with patients to find out about their medication history, to give them information on drug use and to help patients deal with any health problems that can be treated with or caused by drugs. For these reasons, individuals must have excellent communication skills to be pharmacists in Ontario.
Applicants must show that they can understand, speak and write in either English or French with reasonable fluency. Applicants whose degrees in pharmacy are from a university program not accredited in Canada or the US cannot register with OCP as students or interns until they can prove language proficiency by passing language tests or providing non-objective evidence of fluency. Applicants may be able to take these tests in their country before coming to Canada, but test scores are valid for only two years. The test scores must be sent directly by the testing agency to OCP or confirmed by OCP directly with the testing agency. As of January 1, 2007, OCP accepts one of the following combinations of tests as proof of language proficiency.
* There is no minimum score set for these items, but all components are required as part of the total score.
Other Evidence of Language Proficiency
If applicants wish to provide non-objective evidence of language proficiency, the application and supporting documents will be referred to a panel of the Registration Committee.
There is no restriction on the type of information applicants may submit to a panel. However, it must be sufficiently reliable and persuasive to satisfy a panel that applicants possess reasonable language proficiency in English or French. Here are examples of information that applicants might submit:
Evidence of having authored pharmacy publications in English or French, accompanied by evidence from a professor or supervisor attesting to the applicant’s language proficiency
Evidence of a long-standing history of working in a pharmacy-related environment where services were provided in English or French, verified by regulated professionals or recognized academics
Evidence that the applicant obtained his or her pharmacy degree at a faculty of pharmacy where the language of instruction was English or French, followed by practice in an English- or French-speaking environment
Evidence that elementary, secondary and pharmacy education was undertaken in English or French
Evidence that the applicant achieved the minimum scores, as listed above, in previous English or French language proficiency tests.
Taxes may be added to some of these costs.
Additional Fees
The cost of language proficiency testing will vary, depending on the service provider.
Graduates from Canada and the US, having finished four to six years of undergraduate pharmacy studies including structured clinical rotations, are required to successfully complete a minimum of 12 weeks of internship and the PEBC Qualifying Examination. Most of these graduates complete all the requirements and register as pharmacists within four to six months of graduation.
For internationally trained applicants, the registration process usually takes one to three years and applicants will need to have enough money to support themselves (and their families) for this time period. In addition, there are costs for the IPG program and other registration requirements.
Once PEBC approves the internationally trained applicant’s documents, it can take two to three years or longer for these applicants to become registered as pharmacists in Ontario. This is partly because the examinations (PEBC Evaluating Examination, PEBC Qualifying Examination Parts I and II, OCP Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Exam) and the classes for CPS I and II are offered only at set times during the year. This process is usually shortened if internationally trained graduates enter the IPG program immediately after completing their Evaluating Examinations and are able to pass their remaining exams on the first or second attempt.
To complete in-service training, each applicant must also find a preceptor. This may take time, since every student and intern requires a preceptor, and the demand for preceptors may exceed the supply at certain times of the year and in certain areas.
From the date an individual first registers with OCP as a student or intern and begins in-service training, he or she has three years in which to complete all of the requirements of licensure and register as a pharmacist.
If an applicant meets all the requirements to be registered as a pharmacist in Ontario, it may take one to two weeks for the application to be processed. A client services representative will notify the applicant when he or she is licensed.
The Canadian Council for Accreditation of Pharmacy Programs (CCAPP) currently accredits 12 pharmacy academic programs (10 leading to a bachelor’s degree in pharmacy and two leading to the Pharm.D. degree[7]), offered at 10 Canadian universities. Graduates from a CCAPP-accredited program may apply for the PEBC Qualifying Examination without taking the Evaluating Examination. Graduates from a non-accredited program must first pass the PEBC Evaluating Examination, designed to determine if the program of study completed is comparable to one accredited by CCAPP.
The following universities offer pharmacy programs that have been accredited by CCAPP. OCP accepts graduates from schools accredited by CCAPP.
Ontario
University of Toronto
University of Waterloo
Alberta
University of Alberta, Edmonton
British Columbia
University of British Columbia, Vancouver
Manitoba
University of Manitoba, Winnipeg
Newfoundland
Memorial University of Newfoundland, St. John’s
Nova Scotia
Dalhousie University, Halifax
Quebec
Université Laval, Quebec City
Université de Montréal
Saskatchewan
University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon
The CCAPP’s counterpart agency in the United States is the Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE). ACPE currently accredits the entry-level doctorate of pharmacy programs of 85 schools and colleges of pharmacy in the US, and of the Lebanese American University in Byblos, Lebanon. Graduates from an ACPE-accredited program may also apply for the PEBC Qualifying Examination without taking the Evaluating Examination. OCP also accepts the academic credentials of graduates from those schools.
The Registrar and staff of OCP review applications and refer to the Registration Committee only those where there is doubt that the applicant meets a registration requirement.
The Registration Committee is composed of at least three pharmacist members of the OCP Council, a dean of a faculty of pharmacy and two public members of Council appointed by the Lieutenant Governor in Council. The OCP Council can also appoint members at large to this committee. In order to process any applications for review efficiently, the Chair of the Registration Committee appoints panels of the committee to review cases on a monthly basis.
If a panel does not grant an applicant’s request and the applicant submits new information, a panel will be reconvened to consider the additional information. A decision by a panel that refuses an applicant’s request may be reviewed by the Health Professions Appeal and Review Board. The candidate is notified in writing of the right to seek a review and provided with the mailing address of the board. A link to the HPARB website is on the OCP website.
Applicants are entitled to a copy of their registration files unless they jeopardize the safety of any person.
Unsuccessful candidates may request one final hand-scoring of their evaluation or qualifying examinations by providing a written request and the applicable fee. The content, methodology, standards and assessment criteria of the evaluating or qualifying examination are not subject to review or appeal by unsuccessful candidates or their agents.
The International Pharmacy Graduate (IPG) Program at the Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy, University of Toronto, is a bridging program designed to assist internationally trained pharmacists meet Canadian entry-to practice standards. The structured university-based curriculum means graduates have access to practical courses delivered by an experienced faculty. In addition, the program’s solid mentorship network provides many opportunities for students to link with practising pharmacists.
The IPG program has two modules: Canadian Pharmacy Skills I and II. Drawing upon material from courses offered in the undergraduate program, the content provides enculturation to Canadian pharmacy practice and training for entry-level competence. Therapeutics, law, practice management, pharmaceutical care, drug information and the Canadian health care system are just a few of the content areas covered. Students also gain critical language, workplace and practice skills necessary for licensure in Canada. According to the IPG website, this program has a 92 per cent success rate in licensing examinations and has graduated over 525 students since 2001.
This program has also developed a Canadian Practical Experience (CPE) Program as a component of CPS I and II. The CPE program was designed to provide an opportunity for the IPG student to understand and develop Canadian pharmacy practice skills.
Practical experience is an invaluable enhancement to the academic program and is strongly recommended. IPGs with practical experience are more likely to be successful in the academic program, since they will possess a context for the material that is learned in the classroom and lab settings.
During the CPE program, internationally trained pharmacists will observe practical aspects and concepts of pharmacy practice. Each is assigned to a community practice site and a Pharmacist Mentor by the IPG program staff. IPGs are encouraged to work closely with the Pharmacist Mentor and pharmacy team members to optimize the CPE opportunity.
The IPG program received a grant from the Government of Ontario and Citizenship and Immigration Canada to develop language training for internationally trained pharmacists and other internationally educated health professionals. This program helps individuals develop the language skills necessary to communicate within a health profession in Canada and to prepare for entry to the IPG program. This program is offered free of charge to qualified individuals.
All provinces except Quebec and the three territories are signatories to the Mutual Recognition Agreement (MRA) for the Profession of Pharmacy in Canada, effective July 1, 2001. The purpose of the MRA is to facilitate labour mobility of pharmacists between signatory provinces in Canada.
Under the terms of the MRA, pharmacists licensed or registered in a signatory province on July 1, 2001, and currently registered in good standing in a signatory province, are eligible to register as pharmacists in Ontario upon successful completion of OCP’s Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination, regardless of their country of graduation. Pharmacists registered in good standing in a signatory province after July 1, 2001, who have completed a degree program in pharmacy at an accredited school in Canada or the US are also recognized by the MRA. Applications from pharmacists licensed or registered in the jurisdiction of a signatory province after July 1, 2001, who are in good standing and have completed a degree program in pharmacy that was not accredited by either the CCAPP or the ACPE will be referred to a panel of the Registration Committee. Successful completion of SPT in Ontario may be required.
To register as pharmacists in Ontario after practising as pharmacists in another Canadian jurisdiction, applicants will need to:
complete and submit the pre-registration form and pay the current fee
provide evidence of good standing in home province
provide evidence of professional liability insurance
pass OCP’s Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination
complete and submit the Application for Certificate of Registration as a Pharmacist Form and pay the current fee.
Ontario and Quebec have signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU). The purpose of the MOU was to facilitate labour mobility of pharmacists between these two provinces by recognizing the SPT completed in the respective provinces.
Pharmacists licensed in Quebec can work as pharmacists in Ontario provided they:
Have a valid licence with L'Ordre des Pharmaciens du Québec, the licensing body for pharmacists in Quebec
Have obtained a bachelor of science in pharmacy degree on or after January 1, 1996, from a CCAPP-accredited pharmacy program
Have successfully completed the 15-week SPT internship program of L’Ordre des Pharmaciens du Québec
Provide proof of reasonable fluency in English or French
Provide appropriate documentation (proof of identity, sworn affidavit, letter of good standing, etc.)
Provide proof of having passed the PEBC Qualifying Examination
Provide proof of having passed the Pharmaceutical Jurisprudence Examination.
Pharmacists licensed in Quebec who do not meet these requirements may apply to a panel of the Registration Committee to determine what requirements they will need to complete.
OCP staff provide registration-related information, seminars and lectures to students in the University of Toronto and University of Waterloo pharmacy undergraduate programs as well as to those in the International Pharmacy Graduate bridging program. The OCP staff communicate with all applicants throughout the registration process and spend a considerable amount of time guiding internationally trained individuals through the registration process. OCP staff also provide informational seminars to prepare IPGs for in-service training and, upon request, they make presentations at various venues where international graduates have questions regarding registration with OCP(such as Health Force Ontario).
A panel of the Registration Committee is held every month to provide a consistent and effective process for review of applications. Applicants are notified in writing that their applications have been referred to a panel and are given the statutory 30 days notice to submit additional information in support of applications. Applicants are informed of a panel’s decision within three business days of a panel meeting, and formal decisions are provided within two months of the meeting. Typically, applicants who appeal to the Registration Committee would have decisions within two to three months.
When an applicant meets all the requirements to be registered, it may take between one to two weeks for the application to be processed. A client services representative will notify applicants that they have been registered, or will advise applicants of any outstanding documents or fees.
Pre-registration status with OCP expires five years from the date of pre-registration. If this happens before an individual registers with OCP as a student or intern, the file will be deactivated.
Applicants who have complaints or concerns with the registration process can contact the Manager of Registration Programs, or the Registrar or Deputy Registrar.
The main complaint is that the registration process seems complicated. One reason is that every registration requirement is presently exemptible. This means that all applicants can make appeals and present information to a panel of the Registration Committee. Since many international candidates, with diverse education and experiences, appeal to panels, the panels are required to make individual decisions on a large number of cases.
In order to educate applicants and explain these processes to them, staff will meet with or speak on the phone with individuals to coach them on how to proceed. OCP also holds monthly panel meetings to expedite these requests. Information sessions are also provided by OCP staff upon request by groups such as Health Force Ontario.
OCP’s is considering amending its registration regulation to make some requirements non-exemptible.
The Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration conducted a survey in 2005 to collect information about occupational regulatory bodies in Ontario. No substantive changes to processes have occurred since then.
Definitions used in these tables:
Alternative class of licence: a class of licence that enables its holder to practise with limitations; additional registration requirements must be met in order to be fully licensed. Alternative classes of licence granted by the Ontario College of Pharmacists are specified under the tables below.
Applicant: a person who has applied to start the process for entry to the profession.
Applicant actively pursuing licensing: an applicant who had some contact with OCP within the year specified.
Inactive applicant: an applicant who had no contact with OCP within the year specified.
Member: a person who is currently able to use the protected title or professional designation “pharmacist.”
1Staff are not assigned exclusively to the registration and appeals process..
Accreditation Council for Pharmacy Education (ACPE) website:. Last accessed: March 18, 2008.
Canadian Council for Accreditation of Pharmacy Programs (CCAPP) website:. Last accessed: March 13, 2008
Ontario College of Pharmacists website:. Last accessed: March 10, 2008.
Ontario College of Pharmacists. Annual Report 2006 - 2007.
Ontario College of Pharmacists and Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration. “Access to the Pharmacy Profession in Ontario.” Ministry of Citizenship and Immigration Website.. Last accessed: February 29, 2008.
Pharmacy Examining Board of Canada website:. Last accessed: March 10, 2008
University of Toronto. Leslie Dan Faculty of Pharmacy. International Pharmacy Graduate Program.. Last accessed: March 12, 2008.
Representatives of the Ontario College of Pharmacists met with staff of the Office of the Fairness Commissioner on July 25, 2007, to provide further information for this study.
[1] PEBC is a non-profit, self-supporting organization that develops and administers the entry-to-practice assessment process for pharmacy regulatory authorities in Canada. It assesses the qualifications of both Canadian and internationally trained graduates for all provinces except Quebec and issues the Certificate of Qualification to persons who pass its Qualifying Examination, Parts I and II.
[2] The NAPRA is a voluntary, not-for-profit association that enables the Canadian pharmacy regulatory bodies that belong to it to take a national approach in addressing common issues.
[3] Applicants can take the jurisprudence examination at any stage of the registration process. However, individuals who are requesting an exemption from a portion of the in-service training may be required to pass this examination prior to internship.
[4] The University of Toronto’s IPG program is currently an exemptible requirement. OCP is in the process of drafting changes to the registration regulation to make it non-exemptible and working with the University of Toronto to ensure that the program is available in flexible formats (part-time and distance).
[5] Students enrolled in an accredited pharmacy degree program in Canada or the United States are not required to complete a formal period of in-service training at the studentship level through OCP, as this level of training occurs in the undergraduate curriculum.
[6] Applicants can take the jurisprudence examination at any stage of the registration process. However, individuals who are requesting an exemption from a portion of the in-service training may be required to pass this examination prior to internship.
[7] The B.Sc. in Pharmacy is a four-year degree with a minimum one-year university prerequisite with approximately 20 weeks of experiential training. The Pharm.D. is an advanced clinical degree with eight months of clinical rotations. The Pharm.D. program being proposed at University of Toronto is likely to be a four-year degree, with a minimum two-year university prerequisite.A non-Jewish Scottish professor responds to his Israel-boycotting students
The following letter was written to the Edinburgh University Student Association following their vote to boycott Israel and all Israeli goods because it is an 'apartheid regime'. Dr Denis MacEoin (a non-Jew) is an expert in Middle Eastern affairs. He is senior editor of the Middle East Quarterly, and runs his own blog 'A Liberal Defence of Israel'. This letter merits dissemination far and wide, and certainly to every university in the country.
101 Comments:
Well put Dr MacEoin. I hope you receive the response that you desire, but I fear you will be vilified for daring to speak the truth.
Very dignified.
Any response yet? From the students? From the lecturers union?
Anti-abortion, pro-Israel ... you are a masochist Cranmer!
Still - the truth rings out with a clarion call. "The light shines in the darkness, but the darkness has not understood it."
Given the objectives and stated aims of SOME OF the muslim jihadi and kahlifah groups, and Hamas/Hizbollah ...
These idiots have fallen for nazi propaganda.
Isreal as a state has done bad things.
So do all states.
Trying to condemn said state for its' current government (Let's face it Netanyahu is NOT nice to know) is the height of stupidity, espevially given the internal opposition inside Israel.
Excellent commentary, Your Grace. Let us pray that a new Scottish Enlightenment will follow Dr MacEoin's appeal to reason.
Will we be hearing a similar exhortation from the Greatest Living Glaswegian, Prof Niall Ferguson?
I suspect the students, like politicians gain most of their information from the BBC whose bias against Israel beggars belief.
Islam is an intolerant fascist cult that has a propaganda machine that makes Goebels' efforts sound like a babbling brook.
To the Arabs, Israel is a 'Western' implant that undermines their warring and despotic lifestyles.
We (the West) and of a certain age are becoming so used to their twisted logic and lies going unchallenged that we have oiled all the multicultural hinges for them.
Islam (their weapon of choice) has no place in the West as it is not a religion but essentially and deliberately, a parasitical political doctrine. Why else would they come here and then try to recreate the same kind of culture they have left - this is colonialisation by any other name.
The Scottish political establishment has been infiltrated and subverted by Islamists.
Bravo, Your Grace. In response to your call to publicise it widely I am taking the liberty of posting it on my blog in its entirety. I do hope the original author will be content with that.
Dr MacEoin writes lucidly with knowledge passion and reason. He, at least, is a credit to his University. I hope we can be kept updated with the progression of the story. I wonder if the BBC might care to cover the issue?
Dreadnought, I think I ought to point you to the moving example of Tariq Jahan who spoke so simply and movingly to diffuse the violence after his son and friends were killed during the riots.
He too was a Muslim, but also a man of faith following in the steps of Gandhi, Martin Luther King, Desmond Tutu and Pope John Paul II showing that when religious people follow their faith in peace and goodwill to all, it is an immense benefit to society and the world.
Martin, Agreed.
I was referring to the record of Islam not to the individual - that record speaks for its self. The dignity and composure of Mr Jahan has to be admired and indeed is welcome here, but one cannot ignore (especially as we approach the 10th anniversary of the Twin Towers)that which is consistently malevolent wherever Islam dominates.
Dreadnaught said
"We (the West) and of a certain age are becoming so used to their twisted logic and lies going unchallenged that we have oiled all the multicultural hinges for them."
Those who accuse the Israelis of nazism are guilty for trivalising the appauling atrocities committed by that ideology.
If ever there was a doubt that there is no logic to the combination of leftist,[and sometimes rightist] and Islamic fascist bile against Israel except the resurgance of the virus of anti semitism you have in your blog quoting Dr MacEoin made it perfectly clear.
I wonder how many universities have received donations/funding/grants from Saudi Arabia et al to promote 'Islamic' studies?
He who pays the piper.....
Well someone needed to spell it out to the lame-brain, slavishly
anti-semitic, cause celebre sheeple. Dr MacEoin said it well and in simple language that anyone with an average IQ can understand. Now let's hope that there are those, who haven't slammed down their Marxist shutters against the truth, are listening and feel shame.
Given the blind stupidity and ignorance that is apparently rife in our higher education establishments, I won't be holding my breath...
Your Grace
Just wait until the palestinians declare unilaterally the state of palestine at the UN this month and watch this madness against Israel be a mere walk in the park.
Wonder which way our lily livered politicians will sway at the UN. Mind you, Hague detailed how the 'new relationship' would go with our arab 'friends' at the UAE etc earlier this year. Poor Israel.
Bated breath!
Over to you, Lord!
Ernst Stavro Blofeld.
A powerful, reasoned and passionate defence of internal Iraeli affairs.
Ernst Blofeld
Let's not muddy the waters by introducing the pending Palestinian motion calling on the UN to recognise the State of Palestine. This is a political ploy to put pressure on the Israeli goverment to conceed land on the occupied territories. I doubt the Palestinians have any intention of declaring UDI.
The issue of whether Israel is a Nazi State which treats Arab citizens improperly is distinct from the wider peace process. They need to be kept seperate.
Wow. Straw man, straw man, factual inaccuracy, irrelevant conclusion, Godwin's. Nice work Dr. MacEoin!
A very important letter, exposing one of the many contradictions at the heart of the modern West/Left.
Your Grace,
I earnestly entreat you to present this to the LSE Student's union. Their reply is certain to be illuminating...
This University debate was all about what the Left see as a just settlement for Palestine not mistreatment of Gentile Israelis. Were it not for 63 years of disputation about refugees, borders and conflict there would be little likelihood that students in the UK would be debating Israel or boycotting its products. They are looking at the problem through a Palestinian prism. The version of history where hordes of European Jewry colonised the place and ethnically cleansed the Arabs etc. etc. That's what the claim about apartheid is driven by. Israel is seen as the occupier and oppressor. The fact that it is a stable multiracial democracy and a UN recognised sovereign state threatened with extermination by other powers in the region is conveniently overlooked. This attitude is sectarian and reflects the unquestioning Left/Muslim intimacy that is all too often seen in education and politics.
Dr. MacEoin is a brave man. He's stuck his head above the parapet, and has probably endangered his career in doing so.
Most universities these days are anything BUT places of 'free thought' - too many entrenched attitudes; too many willing to climb the greasy pole to self-advancement, regardless of truth; too few willing to expound upon the realities of the world, for fear of angering BOTH the Lib-Lab ideologue incumbents, and the desperate, grasping hands of the new 'corporate' edifices.
john in cheshire said...
Well put Dr MacEoin. I hope you receive the response that you desire, but I fear you will be vilified for daring to speak the truth.
6 September 2011 10:00
Quite so John.
"During times of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act." (Orwell)
I heartily applaud both the sentiments in Dr MacEoin’s letter, and the rational and graceful way in which he expresses them. The Edinburgh University Student Association has behaved damnably and deserves his well-tempered scorn.
But.
I cannot be sure, but I would be very surprised to discover that the propagators of this silly motion, still less those who voted for it, are motivated by racial hatred of the Jews. Certainly I would have to be convinced that this were so. Being against Israel is just one of those shallow liberal notions that students, and others with flimsy and easily biddable minds, tend to pick up on the way, like sexually transmitted diseases. Most students, to the extent that they are interested in politics at all, like to think of themselves on the left and how better to show this than to mouth the left’s causal platitudes about Israel being the oppressor and the Palestinians the oppressed. The extent of their intellectual laziness is revealed through the blasé appropriation of words like “Nazi” and “apartheid”, without really having the first understanding of what they mean.
So I would be inclined to ignore their ridiculous posturing, though I am also glad that one man at least has the energy and integrity to take them on. As for what this tells us about the state of our modern universities, and the dolts who inhabit them, he is spot on there too
Dr Denis MacEoin put the facts regarding Israel and the anti Israel agenda clearly.
The whole 'Palestinian problem' is a manufactured one brought about by the Arabs who wish to totally obliterate Israel.
The 'Palestinian problem'is the 'lever' constantly being fuelled and inflamed by the Arabs to bring about exactly the sort of situation we are now facing.The Arabs do not want a peaceful settlement or to co-exist with Israel, they want the total destruction of Israel.
Why do the Arabs so hotly desire this small, seemingly insignificant, strip of land?.
The answer is Jerusalem, especially the Temple Mount,here the final battle between Truth and error will be played out.
Muslims have been trying to remove all traces of the Temple and are now even denying that the Temple even existed.Islam is trying to supplant Christianity and the Temple Mount will play a vital role in the end time scenario.
Hamstead Owl said ...
."
This isn't criticism or hostility towards Israel. It's unthinking and naive. Ignorance is no defence against support for jihadist ideologues. Surely Nazism taught us this.
Have a read.
“To criticise Israel is to be anti-Semitic”
The Inspector is keeping his head down, but does suggest that Israel could do worse than to talk to aggrieved arabs in the area...
Damn, there he goes again, wicked anti-semitic Inspector...
@The Way of the Dodo
I am not denying that anti-semitism exists; only doubting whether it is an animating force among the knobheads of the Edinburgh University Student Association.
The issue is this. Just as branding anyone a Nazi whose political views are even mildly right of centre, leaves us without the weapons or the vocabulary to deal with the real Nazis when they come along, so it is true of calling anyone who criticises Israel an anti-semite. Dr MacEoin's letter is so powerful because it is so reasoned and that quality raises it above the extremism of either side.
If you want to see real sectarianism in action, take a look at what happened in the East End on Saturday. a defenceless woman and the coach here, as you'll not be seeing this in the mainstream media:
Inspector,
does suggest that Israel could do worse than to talk to aggrieved arabs in the area...
I don't think that criticism of Israel is anti-Semitic necessarily. Some years ago when the CofE made a similar silly censure of Israel, the Jewish Chronicle itself admitted that there were problems with some of Israel's policies. The question the JC asked is, why pick on Israel when there are so many other countries without her precarious situation, but with far nastier policies?
HampsteadOwl said...
@The Way of the Dodo
"I am not denying that anti-semitism exists; only doubting whether it is an animating force among the knobheads of the Edinburgh University Student Association."
I do agree - up to a point.
I'm not one for blind allegiance to Iraeli politics and get routinely called "anti-semetic" on here for this.
However, to be ignorant about the motives of some of those behind the pro-Palestinian organisations is unacceptable and to label the Israelis Nazis is scandalous. I'd say such ill informed support is, at the very least, tacit anti-semitism.
Albert
Agreed. It’s a mystery of the human condition that we all pile into hounding one country when others are far worse. Reminds me of playground fighting – only interested in the immediate scuffle, when it’s the class bully who deserves a good kicking from all...
PS. Heard today that Mugabe has only a couple of years left to live - top news, what !
Ps
I also think those who label all Muslims as Islamists and claim they are all committed to Jahidi and conquouring the West, are guilty of Islamophobia.
Life is complicated and there's nothing so complicated as the mix between religion and politics!
Thank you to Your Grace and of course to Dr. MacEoin.
I had not heard of his work before now. I am off to check out his blog and hope that there is more in a similar vein.
Dodo
I would think that the intelligent amongst us knows that if it wasn’t for the ‘stabilising’ influence of the great majority of older muslims, the UK would be in a far worse situation regarding Islamic ‘direct action’ . The real problem will come when that generation, the first, passes on, and our university educated Islamic purists have no restraining influence....
Inspector General
The same fear or aprehension was once said of Catholics ... and Jews.
Dodo
Bless your good heartedness – but the Inspector understands the number of ‘dangerous’ Islamists runs into the thousands in the UK.
The Inspector lives in a 'culturally diverse' town (that’s ‘spot the white man’ in the old money). Hopefully, he can get through his life without picking bits of car out of his carcass, but should the worst happen, he’ll crawl to the keyboard and let you know...
Our legendary Inspector is being a bit of a drama queen and talking nonsense to boot (20:02).
The nonsense first: "Israel could do worse than to talk to aggrieved arabs in the area." Right. Past and present Israeli governments have launched thousands of initiatives and programs in housing, health, education and infrastruture projects specifically to benefit Arabs. Arabs can approach Jewish or Arab Israeli police, find justice in Israeli courts in Arabic, one of the official languages, and appeal to dozens of sympathetic Jewish and Arab Members of the Knesset. Scores of of well-funded Israeli organizations listen to, speak with and lobby on behalf of Arabs in Israel and the disputed territories, and Israeli media is on the whole far more sensitive to Arab concerns than to those of the Hareidi ("Ultra-Orthodox" Jews) or the "settlers." Should the Inspector actually familiarize himself with the current situation, he might also notice that it is the PA which refuses to "talk" to Israel. Or that the same PA, claiming to be the sole representative of the "Palestinians," is five or six years "late" with an election, and may thus lack the legitimacy to talk on behalf of anyone. Does the Inspector have any suggestions as to whom exactly Israel can talk to and what it should say?
And, not long after offering some old school generalizations of Jewish character in previous posts, the Inspector entertains us with a drama queen act befitting some of the sappiest Borsht Belt parodies: "Damn, there he goes again, wicked anti-semitic Inspector..." There goes what exactly, dare one ask? Gosh.
Ah, Avi Barzel, all the way from Canada
Good to find you here on the blog again...
The Inspector has no answer old chap. The extremes of feeling on both sides (well, incredible hate, to be frank) is beyond his understanding or experience. One contributor to this site
(may have been DanJ0) suggested irradiating the whole place. I warming to that idea by the day.
Incidentally, you managed to dodge the Inspector’s question as to your military service in Israel. Hard to believe a fervent Zionist as yourself hasn’t done his bit for the old country.
The Inspector is still sore at being branded an anti-semite by you for having the temerity for criticising Israel’s policies (Note – I did not question Israel’s right to exist). That’s a rotten thing to do (or to use use a phrase brought back by the British Eight Army from Egypt, a “c_nt’s trick”).
This is the Inspector General turning in for tonight – Be seeing you...
Dodo @ 21:00
You really don't understand the Koran at all.
Inspector General
You'll be tucked upin bed by now.
My dad served in the Eight Army and a hell of a time. He lost most of his buddies at Monte Casino. 'Secret history' and all that, the Essesx Eight Army actually rebelled against their General in Libya and Churchill backed them and hushed the affair up.
Never heard him use that expression though! Still he was Jewish until serving in Palestine after the war and, to be frank, I think he returned home with a strong distain for the politics and religion of both Arabs and Jews. He was in Jerusalem at the time of the King David Hotel bombing.
He converted to Roman Catholicism in the early 1950's after experiencing what some would say was a 'breakdown'. He described it as a 'break through'.
Just thought I'd share that. Keep it to yourself old chap as its confidential.
Oswin
Go away - you just don't understand people.
May the Inspector have sweet dreams, ones which hopefully do not involve the irradiation of the Middle East. Better they be ones that center on any visuals his age and imagination may conjure up from the amusing phrase he saw fit to post.
As for the Barzel place of origin, history of residence, significant past adventures, future plans and questions regarding military service, these are not up for discussion due to privacy preferences, lack of relevance to the discussions...and because none of these matters would be any of the Inspector's bloody business.
The Inspector may be sore for any number of reasons, but not over being branded an antisemite. It either didn't occur, or if it did, then the Inspector deserved it heartily for any number of reasons, but never for "having the temerity for criticising Israel’s policies." In any event, it is evident that while the Inspector appears to hold a number of vague conclusions and prejudices, he has yet to specify a single "Israeli policy."
Dodo,
You're certainly turning up to be quite the bundle of surprises.
In reading all the comments here, I can only thank His Grace again for providing such an incredible forum and providing a home to such a rum bunch of contentious, brilliant and ever-unfolding characters. A private thanks to the Almighty for leading me here is cerainly in order.
Oswin: Of course you know: your understanding runs wings round silly pedestrians who think they own other people's blogs :)
Good stuff Dr Cranmer!. Keep shining the light.
Avi Barzel said
"In reading all the comments here, I can only thank His Grace again for providing such an incredible forum and providing a home to such a rum bunch of contentious, brilliant and ever-unfolding characters. " Indeed, dear boy and long may it continue..
Ernst, my old cannuck.
"A private thanks to the Almighty for leading me here is cerainly in order." Ditto!
Avi Barzel, you hound !!
You branded me an anti-semite as a matter of course. It’s your default position on critics of Israel ! You even said there were certain exceptions- dodo for one, who could escape the tag as he is a righteous individual or some such...
The Inspector merely inquired as to your credentials (eg military service) as you’ve apparently set yourself up as Israel’s high consul in Canada..
The Inspector does have one suggestion for what’s going on in and around Israel. The Israeli PM should invite all arabs to submit their grievances with Israel to him, with a view to resolving the hate issue which so shocks us all. To identify the formula that will allow all to live in peace together. Before you cock your leg on the idea, give initiatives and the people a chance...
Dodo
Interesting statement you made on ‘secret history’. I can’t recall the general concerned but have Alanbrookes un-expunged diaries somewhere – perhaps it’s in there...
Inspector General
All very hush, hush ....
As I recall, it was the Battle of Gallabat and was the first allied victory of WW2. It was also the first British mutiny of WW2! It was in Sudan after Italy's invasion.
The Essex troops, part of the Eight Army, 70th Infantry Division, were under the command of an old duffer from WW1. When, after two days of bombing by axis planes with no cover for the men, he gave the order to advance the men refused and withdrew from the line. He was ordering them to advance two miles across an open plain into heavy artillery and machine gun fire. They’d already lost 80 men from a total of around 100 and their revolt was officer supported.
No action was taken at the time, after all, it was a victory and a bad command decision. But it raised a few hairs on the backs of necks about the men of 1st Essex. They were withdrawn from the order of battle and sent to Palestine to reform, rest and retrain. The commander was shifted sideways and 1st Essex regrouped.
Now, this is my recall of the account given me by my father. How accurate it is and whether it is corroborated in the recordes, I do not know.
Dodo “Never heard him use that expression though”
The Inspector once had employment in a hospital's medical / surgical stores. His boss was a former RAMC nurse.
The Archbishop’s Blog is not the place to relate the various ‘entertainments’ laid on for the troops by the good people of Egypt and their womenfolk, but let’s say variety was the order of the day.
JL Wilkinson – Requiescat In Pace
A morally evasive piece of "what aboutery"
However it too reveals that the con job that is Israel is becoming untenable.
We now have a line of defence which says "I may beat my wife but I don't kick her in the head like Mr Jones does."
Why Israel and not its neighbours?
As far as I remember only one state in the region tries to peddle the line that it is a shining beacon of democracy in a sea full of murderous pirates.
Or as Ehud Barak, with marvellous racist and colonialist connotations, called the Jewish State: "A Villa In A Jungle."
Need one say more?
Barracuda bite 7 September 2011 16:31
"Need one say more?"
Why, do you seriously believe all that goobledegook just spouted justifies any genuine reflection.
Off you swim now, shark boy. There's a good likkle fishie.
Ernst S Blofeld
Do not worry about isreal,it is syria next,then algeria,then any-one else that we do not like the look of,and has something worth stealing.
Benny Morris demonstrated what that "villa" phrase means.
It's understatement, of course. In the jungle killer beasts don't parade around showing off the internal organs of their victims.
Shalom, chaverim! Some great comment on a great article.
Excellent essay on the anti-Semitism that pervades the Left. But Israel itself is not the root of anti-Israel vitriol. The Left hates the West, hates Christianity - the founding faith of the West and much if its laws and culture. Israel is though a liberal Western outpost in the lawless jungle, and it is an easier target for the Left.
BTW, a good book on the subject of Israel and its fight for survival
The Siege: The Saga of Israel and Zionism - Connor Cruise O'Brien..
DP111 said 7 September 2011 21:15
."
Dear communicant
Brilliantly stated.
Israel is like the Holy Bible.
Subject to stricter, harsher criteria than other nations or other historical literature. Coincidence?
Ernst.
Ariadne said wisely 7 September 2011 18:05
Nice to see you back, old girl.
Ernsty
Mr Ernst,
Thanks. Pleased to e-meet you.
Inspector,
Since we're both too lazy to root around the archives and investigate my alleged slanderous accusations against your sensitive person, let me simplify matters. I will call anyone an antisemite who criticises Israel and Jews unfairly, with clear bias and prejudice. There. So, examine your opinions and go ahead and determine on your own whether you fit my definition.
And now for your howler. After puzzling your request for my "credentials" to hold opinions on Israel, you propose that the Israeli PM, Benyamin Netanyahu, should "...invite all arabs to submit their grievances with Israel to him, with a view to resolving the hate issue which so shocks us all."
I'm not clear on a few things, Inspector. Should he invite any or all Arabs for tea and vanilla wafers? Or only the ones who claim to be Palestinians? The leaders, clan elders, politicians, the terror leaders, the unfortunates under PA or Hamas dictatorships, who? Is it not enough that the Arabs belong to powerful alliances, such as OPEC and the Islamic States whatchamacallit, are prominent members of the UN and have hundreds of NGOs representing them? Does the PA and UNRWA no longer speak for them? Are the dozens of polls conducted by a variety of agencies insufficient? Everyone knows what they want, except for you.
And, then there is that hate thing that ruffles you feathers. School systems in the Arab world teach kids that Jews are evil demons, usurpers, colonialists or fake Jews; mosques call them descendants of pigs and monkeys; Mein Kampf continues to be a bestseller; when Jewish civilians, kids and women included are killed in the most gruesome ways, there are street parties allover Gaza and the West Bank; daytime soap operas feature Jews as vampires and The Protocols of the Elders of Zion are included on university lists. On the Israeli side the school curricula and are co-written by Israeli Arabs, and public school education includes all the multicultural pap you seem to sneer at; pundits and cartoonists who "insult Islam" have found themselves in Israeli sjail and any expression of Arab or anti-Muslim hate is, fairly or unfairly banned and prosecuted energetically. The vast majority of Israeilis do not hate Arabs and Muslims, something evident to anyone who has been to Israel or checks Israeli media, whereas the vast majority of Arabs and Muslims do...as evidenced by their media, their official pronouncements, their textbooks, movies, religious literature and popular opinion as shown in poll after poll. So, what were you saying about hate again? Any grand ideas or further kumbaya-advice on how to deal with this scenario? Or is it better for your image to stick to entertaining us with short, enigmatic and admittedly quite amusing remarks about issues you actually know something about?
Avi Barzel !
Always a pleasure to find you here.
When the Inspector commented that the Archbishop’s site was an education to behold, he didn’t know the half of it...
The Inspector has done some research on the subject – he probably wouldn’t have bothered, but for your strong feelings and for the fact that you live in Canada, well removed from the immediacies of it all.
Not good what he found. The only encouragement is that the arabs will never unite to overthrow Israel, as they will be too busy cutting each others throats...
Henceforth, the Inspector will no longer have any stance on the subject of Israel. ‘No opinion’ will be the official line. It distresses him, what’s happening there, but what can he do. The UK has it’s own
Islam agenda, now that IS something he knows about...
Avi
"I will call anyone an antisemite who criticises Israel and Jews unfairly, with clear bias and prejudice."
You will need to define the terms "unfairly", "bias" and "prejudice" beforehand and "antisemitic".
The real definition of antisemitic surely must include hate towards the Jews and a desire to eliminate them from the face of the earth? This is what Nazis and Islamist ideologies share and, though it grieves me to say it, Christianity during its dark days. It seems to me it stems from a belief the Jews intent on world domination and are the agents of Satan. Now, that is antisemiticism!
Bias, lack of fairness and prejudice are, maybe, initial building blocks leading up to this. They are not the same thing, are they?
I for one hope the Inspector General will continue to share his opinion. It is through open discussion that understanding is developed and prejudice overcome.
I'm glad you look into things yourself, Inspector; I may have strong views, but I don't like to spoon-feed info to people with brains. As for Arabs, yes they're busy, but the problem now is the Iranians and, believe it or not,. Ok, I'm editorializing a bit, but it's a free forum. Then there's Obama, of course, but a boiled potato can run against him and win in 2012.
Yes, very educational here; me, I came to connect with the British tendrils of my life here and somehow find myself on Israel topics all the time. Go figure.
Avi
" ...."
Come now, I think that is somewhat over simplistic! Now you are implying that any criticism of Israeli policies or any humanitarian assistance to Palistinians is antisemetic.
Do you believe all Arabs are Islamist?
It has been said that criticism of Israel is not anti-Semitic per se, but criticism to the exclusion of criticism of actual culprits like Iran is indeed anti-Semitism. There is something to be said for that point of view.
But also, as eloquently expressed in the comments above, there is the need to be 'im' and express one's concern for 'human rights' that leads the unthinking to embrace the anti-Israel cause. That is not in itself anti-Semitic.
that should of course be the need to in.
Avi Barzel
It’s something when a chap has his long established opinion overturned in a short space of time – Yes, the Inspector will be non committal on the subject of Israel in future.
You really must do something about playing the ‘anti-semitic’ card so easily. It’s so blunt, and you seem to use it to cover everything from questioning of Israeli policy up to pogrom intensity hatred.
This simply won’t do. For a start, it makes debate uneasy, and next, it would be so much more effective and just if it was used sparingly at times when it accurately identifies your critics sentiments.
Just a British thing old chap – hope you don’t mind the guidance.
Dodo
Yes, there were dark days in Christianity in Europe, but you have to take them in context. The Christian Religion was an integral part of being human at the time. Suspicion fell on those who were considered to have atheistic thoughts and heretical ideas. To not be a Christian at all was really asking for it. The Inspector is not prepared to judge those people then, in their enclosed societies and education of any sort sparse.
Dodo @ 08:41 :
To save poor Avi's typing finger, I suggest you take a look at the link offered by 'asdfsdfadf' of 15:50, on the latest blog ''Cameron: ''I'm a very practical Euro-sceptic'' - it sort of shows where Avi is 'coming from'.
As for your final comment,.
What 'Grinds my Gears' is the fact that national boundaries that were created around the same time by the West the likes of Syria Jordan Iraq and the rest of them are never disputed - only that of Israel. Islamism, Islam, 'moderate' Muslims right through to the bloody Koran are all interchangeable to suit the case for victimhood and Mohammedan ambition.
Long live Israel.
Dodo,
At 01:05 you said, ‘you will need to define the terms "unfairly", "bias" and "prejudice" beforehand and "antisemitic".’ How about the OED? I don’t mean to be snappy, but the common definitions should always be the default ones in any debate, no? As for these terms in the context I use them, I have nattered on endlessly about the subject to you and others.
Your definition of antisemitism in the same post is fine, but it is particular and somewhat conditional. I think “unreasonable hatred or contempt for Jews” more or less covers things. Since there have been so many permutations of antisemitism throughout history, e.g., cultural, nationalistic, religious and racial, the term is somewhat vague. As someone once quipped, though, Jews seem to have a finely honed sense of the phenomenon without necessarily to define it....yes, an entertaining quip, but admittedly hardly helpful in hammering out empirical boundaries.
At 08:41 you took me to task for seeing a historical continuum in Europe’s relation to Jews. That’s a fair criticism, as it is an unsupported and speculative opinion I threw in, but the charge that it is a simplistic one is weak. In historiography, there several ways of interpreting the causes behind and nature of historical events. One of the mainstream paradigms is the notion that culture, economic patterns, alliances and a host of other phenomena do not appear and disappear suddenly or randomly, but occur as centuries and even millennia-long patterns. Thus, for example, we find echoes of the Roman and the Medieval worlds in our modern societies. As I indicated to the Inspector, though, I was “editorializing,” or more exactly speculating, which is acceptable in brief, opinion-based commentaries. If I ever develop my speculations into sensible hypotheses, I’ll be sure to let you know.
But, your ”[n]ow you are implying that any criticism of Israeli policies or any humanitarian assistance to Palistinians is antisemetic.”, is totally out in left field. You threw in the word any, which naturally changes the whole meaning of what I said. I love debates, Dodo, but mis-representations such as these do get on my nerves. For the umpteenth time, I do not fault fair criticism. As for assisting Palestinians in humanitarian areas, neither I, nor anyone I know has a problem with it in the way you mean it. However, funding millions into anti-Israeli NGOs, setting up a special UN agency (UNRWA), and doling out unprecedented amounts of aid to one group seems fishy to me. Particularly when this group is a beneficiary of a unique and exclusive definition of what a refugee is, one that no one else gets; when by all objective measures this group is far less disadvantaged than many other ones (e.g., genocide victims in Africa and elsewhere), and yet it gets more assisance than anyone else; when Palestinians who suffer under their own government or in Muslim states are totally ignored, etc. Where I see the antisemitism spectre is in the fact that only one group, the one which is in a state of war with Jews, gets such special treatment. Again, paying attention to words, and a basic knowledge of past and current affairs are of help in such debates.
Oswin said ...
."
In your humble opinion.
Islamists, in my opinion, are a minority with undue influence in Islam for a lot of complicated regional political reasons.
Not all Jews are Orthodox Zionists; not all Christians are Puritan Fundamentalists.
And neither are all Christians Roman Catholic, in unconditional submission to the Pope and unquestioning obedience to the Magisterium.
Avi
Some fair points and some not so fair.
The focus of aide to Palestinians, I would suggest, is political. Whilst Hamas are openly at war with Israel, not all Palstinians are. Neither are all Muslims. The presence of Muslim Israeli citizens indicates this.
The middle east is important strategically and economically to the west. That's why there's such a major effort to stabalise it. There's also a Christian attachment to the Holy Land and to the Jewish people.
Quite apart from obvious need, giving aid to Palestinians surely weakens the hold of Hamas? The agenda has to be freeing Arabs generally and Palestinians in particular from the poison of Islamist ideology.
Although Arabs have a long history of oppression of Jews, there have been times of great peace and harmony between the semitic brothers. Isn't the current venom and the expressed political intent of eliminating all Jews in Allah's name, a mid-twentieth phenomena prompted by the Balfour Declaration and links with Nazi Germany? It gave the haters an opportunity to grab at the hearts and minds of ordinary people.
As for your pessimistic reading of history implying that antisemiticism in Europe remains part of our culture, this is not how I read it at all. As I see it, there were two main drivers in Europe's history of antisemitism - Christianity and then the obscentity of Nazism.
I see Europe's history as holding onto the good from the cultures you mention and rejecting the bad from our past mistakes. Of course there will be echoes from earlier times but I don't think them as influential as you suggest. That isn't to say that at some future time a movement could arise that reopens old suspicions about Jews.
Mr Cranmer
Good evening, Sir. Hope you're keeping well. You're up rather late for one so old!
Now you know full well Roman Catholics do not have to show unconditional submission to the Pope, nor do we have to show unquestioning obedience to the Magisterium.
If the Pope 'told' me to vote Labour, I could quite properly refuse. If the Magisterium 'instructed' me to pray the Rosary, I could refuse.
Doctrines, dogma and authorative teaching, Mr Cranmer. Doctrines, dogma and authoritive teaching. Something Anglicanism could possibly learn from.
Your Grace
Delighted to see you back; the Inspector had thought you’d caught a fast yacht to the continent to get away from it all and us.
As a papist himself, The Inspector is more concerned with the price of Guinness than what the Pope says.
Cheers, lads, same again...
Inspector,
You might think that given our rumble I might feel differently, but believe me, everything you say I take under consideration. As I said, I like being among bright people, and while I might argue loudly, I can listen intensely as well.
Where I agree with you is in that throwing the “antisemitic card” certainly puts an edge on things and makes for a certain chill. Makes things “uneasy” for sure, like a bad fart in a very small bathysphere when the fan blades have stopped spinning. Not cricket, not very British at all, as you rightly say...although I’d specify that, sadly, the “Britishness” you are thinking about, appears to be on its deathbed.
And yet, Inspector. While circumstances and preferences in my life have put me in the orbit of things British, and while I thoroughly enjoy the light parlour amusements of the Jeeves-Bernie genre when I find myself in snazzier circles than trucker diners, not to mention the sinful pleasures of a light Oxbridge classism I soaked-up like a sponge from some of my non-Red Sea Pedestrian relatives, there are times when strong, even hyperbolic statements, a bit of woggery if you will, are in order. One of these concern issues of existential nature. I cannot ignore the fact that Jews today find themselves in less favourable circumstances than even ten years ago. We may debate the accuracy of statistical studies, but the feeling an increasing number of Jews have...even here in the New World paradise...of being under siege is not an imagined one. Especially, since the tendency with most Jews in the West has been and still is to assume that everything is or will be fine, that we are in a new happy era, and that the five millennia-old banality of boom-and-bust cycles in Jewish fortunes have miraculously come to an end. An album of photographic images of bourgeois, civilized and tamed Jews politely and in an orderly fashion walking naked to their trench graves, while sheepishly covering their private parts, remain as my most poignant symbol of the danger Jews face not only from the world out there, but from themselves.
So there, with all due respect to acedemic precision, to the well-crafted phrase, to detached intellectualizing, to form and respect for social conventions and ideals, the id-driven atavistic response has, under some circumstances at least, its place. In short, while the in-your-face approach of mine may require a bit of fine tuning, at least to keep people from turning away, I cannot abandon the premise that it is better to charge than to retreat; to be crude and even wrong, rather than a dead; and that it is preferable to be a partisan, rather than a polite socialite when one’s integrity or very existence are at stake. All of this may leave a lot of room for debate or disagreement, but in all fairness, the historical body of evidence I can muster in defense of what some may call classic Jewish paranoia is, I’d say, overwhelming.
Dodo @ 21:45:
Congratulations. Yet again, your capacity for 'missing the point' is breathtaking.
Inspector General
A Roman Catholic is unlikely to use the term.
"Papist is a term, usually disparaging or an anti-Catholic slur, referring to the Catholic Church, its teaching, practices or adherents." (Wiki)
Besides, if you were a 'Papist' the words of the Pope, although not obligatory, would have more priority in your life than the price of Guiness.
Mr Dodo,
You trivialise the point, for the Pope of Rome may not 'tell' you which way you must vote, and neither may the Magisterium 'instruct' you to pray the Rosary. These are fundamentals. The substantive question (from which you deflect), is not difficult to discern. Unless one simply wishes to avoid responding by feigning theological naïveté. Or is it genuine ignorance? Indeed, there are those who may inerpret your swipe at the purposely juxtaposed 'Puritan Fundamentalists' as 'bigotry'. And we can't be having that, can we?
Oswin
As a man of far superior intelligence and perspicacity, maybe you'd care to enlighten me as to the point Mr Cranmer was making?
Mr Cranmer
("These are fundamentals." Did you mean - are not fundamentals?)
No indeed we can't have me avoid the point. I concede, the juxtaposition was sloppy.
In 'David Cameron Does God' you defined "religious fundamentalists" as those who demand an "unequivocal exposition and adherence to a strict theology".
Roman Catholics fall into this category. However, we are not blindly bound to Rome or the Magesterium in the way you suggest. The Church informs our understanding of God and the message of Christ and translates this into precepts for our lives and conduct.
Even if I failed to adhere to Catholic teachings through human weakness or because I disagreed, I would still be welcomed into the Church, I could attend Mass but could not, in good faith, receive the Sacraments.
In the same blog you comment:
"Being Anglican ... one is somehow 'crucified between the two thieves’ of the Puritans and the Papists; suspended between doctrinal fanaticism and superstitious ritualism."
Not very enlightened statements either!
Dodo,
You address many points which, in time, I'm sure, you and I will cover. It's not lack of importance or evasion, but fatigue and the need to get stuff done, that prompts me to skip all but the last point you make, the one which most directly addresses the theme we've been on.
You say, "As for your pessimistic reading of history implying that antisemiticism in Europe remains part of our culture, this is not how I read it at all." That may well be the case. But, in the spirit of the laws of thermodynamics, can you honestly say that this mysterious impetus, the energy source behind the millenia of expulsions, massacres, pogroms and the modern, bureaucratic and mechanised attempt to destroy Jewry suddenly disappeared without a trace in our post-War modern era? I don't fault you for your doubts; I've spent a fair amount looking into the issue and whiler I'm still at loss over the causes, and flit back and forth over this or that hypothesis, I can not accept the argument that powerful forces, be they thermal energies or historical trends, just drift off into the vacuum of space in less than a single generation. That, Dodo, requires a suspension of disbelief I am not willing to invest in.
Does this mean that I see a return of Christian-based persecution you mention? Bluntly, no. The first reason for my view is clinically cynical, the second, the one I prefer, is founded on impressions, trust and hope.
First, Christianity has lost the ability to direct temporal powers, to enforce its directives, to compel and to punish. It is no longer a global physical force to be feared. How and why this occured is another subject, but the fact is that there are no persecutions of Animists or "witches," no Talmud bonfires, no auto da fe's, no religious wars or continet-wide persecutions of heretics, etc. This is merely a geopolitical reality and Christians and others have taken account of it in their conduct.
The second view is that both Christianity and Judaism have changed and, in some ways, become closer. This is evident by the hands extended in peace and friendship to Jews by countless number of individual Christians and heads of Church institutions throughout the world. I look at this blog and I cannot imagine any other time in which such a miracle would have been possible. Of course, there no guarantees, no realistic rosy and perfect scenarios of unbroken amity to get comfy with, but on the whole, I'm sure that the conflict between Church and Synagogue has at the very least moved onto a platform where peaceful coexistence and mutual respect will dominate. I believe so, for whatever that's worth. But all this, I'm sure from reading into your hesitations and uncertainties, you already know or at least suspect.
Avi Barzel
First, The Inspector notes that you’ve given dodo a rough ride tonight. Poor chap, he’s only putting over his point of view, which may or may not be influenced by your response. From what I know of him through his posts, see him as ally rather than opponent when it comes to decision time.
You do seem up against it, but perhaps only in your mind is the situation desperate. Israel has many friends in the West, that the Inspector realised early on. Israel’s most important friend, the US, will not depart, probably ever - 9.11 saw to that, if it was ever in doubt.
Good news for you, re ‘sadly, the “Britishness” you are thinking about, appears to be on its deathbed.’
Britishness is alive and well and surviving in England’s green and pleasant land. You won’t find it in the cities anymore, it moved out in the 1960s and 70s. In fact, the cities really are places to avoid, not from a personal safety point of view, but well, the people who live in them are just not attractive types.
Keep blogging, there’s a good fellow, let us know your thoughts...
This is the Inspector General, once again signing off.
Dodo - The Inspector General cannot sleep until informing you...
‘Papist’ (OE Reference D) “of or referring to Roman Catholics” (If it was once a word of slur in England, IG is claiming it back. Like the rappers and ‘nigger’)
Your Grace
The Inspector General prefers the term ‘Christendom’ to label Christ’s followers. Can he remind you that Islam is not in front of the gates, it’s behind the gates....
Inspector,
Your defense of Dodo is admirable. He and I do indeed have "energetic" debates where I may, admittedly, go over the top. But I do suspect that he has become quite an expert at yanking my chain as well just to see what I'll burst out with next. Still, if you were to follow our discussions, you would see that in spite of surface appearances, I have a great deal of respect for the chap.
As for the "state of Britishness," I'm truly glad to hear of your assessment. I only saw England once and far too briefly, as a passenger in the Heathrow-London bus, sadly gazing at the brethtakingly beautiful greenery, nearly bursting out in tears when I saw the sign to Hampton Court flash by. My dream: To rent a houseboat and together with my family to trace the boat canal route Jerome Klapka Jerome's fictional characters took.
But I digress. My contacts with Brits are limited to a few ageing extended family members (as the youger generation seems to have gravitated towards that cloudy mass of internationalists with deadly serious concerns over environmentalism and fashionable social justice issues of the day). Otherwise, the Brits I do see more frequently are the sophisticated Londoners who have been appearing in Canada. Apart from their accents and snazzier duds, they are indistinguishable from our trendy, metro-sexual urbanites of Canada and the U.S.
I cannot avoid remarking on a comment you made to Dodo at 12:55. While applying current mores to the past is at best foolish, surely you must consider the possibility that while we cannot dismiss the era and its circumstances, it would be eminently fair to judge Christian conduct according to Christianity's own manifested claims, doctrines and ideals of the past, and even of the present times. The alternative, as you may agree, is a kind of a relativism, an acceptance situational ethics and the risk of opening up, in principle at least, the possibility of repeating past errors whenever circumstances and opportunities make this possible. This, Inspector, may not be what you mean or want.
Inspector General
But Roman Catholics are not 'Papists'. We are Christians who follow the message of the Gospel. Our allegiance is to Christ and to the Vicar of Rome as His representative here on earth.
The term arose during during the English Reformation to signal Roman Catholics owed fidelity to Rome in temporal as well as spiritual matters.
There was a 'Popery' Act in 1698 permitting the taking and prosecuting of priests and a penalty of life time imprisonment for keeping a Catholic school. Catholics were forbidden to inherit and purchase land.
The 'Papist' Act of 1778 repealed the above but required an oath of allegiance to the reigning sovereign and abduration of certain doctrines of the Church.
"Reclaim" it if you will. It is an inappropriate term, reflecting a suspicion towards and a repression of Roman Catholics.
If you don't believe me, listen to the way the Rev Ian Richard Kyle Paisley spits out the term!
Mr Cranmer
Shuffled off into your urn for the night?
For the record, you will note it was you and not I who labelled Puritans doctrinal fanatics.
Dodo old chum – it just goes to show the power of a word.
The Inspector General agrees that it has been used in sectarianism, but he think’s you’ll find if they didn’t use that word, they’ll come up with something else.
Our own patron, Archbishop Cranmer, widely suspected of being suspicious towards RCs doesn’t use it, he’s much more elaborate.
As for Mr Paisley junior and senior, it has suitably helped them achieve the reputations they have today (....and serves them right !...)
Must admit you almost had IG on a “guilty schoolboy” trip back then ! And at his age too !!
Avi
Can’t spare much time. The old ladies at the Inspector’s tea rooms have invited him to accompany them in their hired charabanc outing this PM. Won’t be back ‘til late.
Hiring a canal longboat is the ideal way to see the beauty of England. Many are very sophisticated affairs and will take a family. Self sufficiency assured ! You’ll need about 3 weeks to do it justice.
Could well be your holiday of a lifetime...
Keep up the jousting with Dodo, and take each other down a peg or two while IG watches and delights...
Ah, there’s a mixture of steam, lavender and cat’s piss in the air – The Inspector believes the charabanc is here...
Delusional Dodo said;'But Roman Catholics are not 'Papists'. We are Christians who follow the message of the Gospel. Our allegiance is to Christ and to the Vicar of Rome as His representative here on earth.'
........................
The basis of Catholicism is error and on top of that initial error you have built 'a house of errors'each one building the edifice higher and higher.
Catholics do not follow the Gospel of Jesus Christ but the' gospel of Rome which is a different 'kettle of fish' entirely'so please do not pretend to follow the Gospel of Jesus Christ because you do not!.
Avi Barzel (8 September 2011 22:38)
How correct you are concerning the worsening plight of Jews.
Melanie Phillips today:
Cameron's Dismissal of Israel
len @ 18:38
"The basis of Catholicism is error ..."
What is the "basis" of Catholicism, pray tell? Pre or post the early Ecumenical Councils?
The Holy Spirit informed you of all this, did He?
Dodo @ 22:45:
As you appear not to possess either quality, what would be the point?
Besides, you're not even asking the right question. This blog-comments thingy IS linear you know. Take a pill, chill ...
len said...
"Delusional Dodo ..."
Oh dear! I really suggest you focus on the nature of the actual delusion going on around about you in the world today and the objective evils it is affirming and encouraging.
The two Thessalonian Letters need careful interpretation as Paul was alluding in general ways to signs preceeding the Christ's return.
One sign is to be the "operation of error, to believe lying" a 'powerful dellusion' that God will send. The other the removal of someone or something that retrains the Antichrist becoming fully manifest. A force that prevents a revolt against God's ways and the arrival of the 'man of sin'.
But how do we interpret such verses?
What is the "katechon" that holds back sin and chaos? The Holy Spirit? The Catholic Church? The perpetual sacrifice of the Eucharist? The Pope? Or, as some said, The Christian Emperor? The Holy Roman Empire?
And the great delusion will be sent by God because people refuse to love the truth and be saved, giving in instead to the seduction of sin and evil.
Rather than engage in a lenghty debate where "delusions" are attributed to one another, lets just say that Roman Catholics will interpret these Letters of Paul differently to some schools of prostestant theology.
It should also be noted there is no dogmatic statements on them and Catholics are free to reflect on and discuss them within the context of being a member of the Church.
So far as I am aware, there is no such restraint on some other Christian groups and they aew free to speculate, interpret and preach individual opinion which has no authority and is contradictory.
Paul concludes:
"Therefore, brethren, stand fast: and hold the traditions, which you have learned, whether by word or by our epistle."
Oswin
So grateful for the clarifaction offered.
Dodo:
Think nothing of it old chap, happy to oblige.
Oswin
Oh, I assure you, I won't!
Dodo : I feed you the line, you bite, but not a 'thank you' in sight!
Dear Prof MacEoin
I am President of Edinburgh University Students' Association.
I wish to speak about this matter with you urgentyly, as EUSA has no policy nor intention of boycotting Israeli produce.
Best wishes
Matt McPherson
President@eusa.ed.ac.uk
Matthew
I am very pleased to know that EUSA is not boycotting anything from Israel.
Perhaps the named culprits in the article here failed in their deceitul and hateful aim of putting an end to the Jewish state.
You can contact Dr MacEoin directly via his blog. His Grace provides a link in his text.
As an Israeli overwhelmed by the constant battering against us by the media and anti-Israel activists around the world, it is very hard to keep one's determination in standing up for what is right.
I know Israel is not a perfect country. Anyone who would claim to live in a perfect country is either naive or a fool. However, I do know that as a people we always try to keep our integrity.
I commend, both Dr. MacEoin and most of the commentators here, not for coming to support Israel, but for discussing and searching to find the truth about the current situation.
I don't think we are always in the right, but like you, we will never set aside fact for propaganda and will always fight to preserve the rights of our citizens, be they Jewish, Arab, or Christian.Since his transition to Team Penske in September, Simon Pagenaud has tried to keep expectations for his performance at a reasonable level.
But Friday afternoon's qualifying session for the MAVTV 500 at Fontana was perhaps the first time he exceeded those expectations, as his two-lap average speed of 218.952 mph gave him pole position for Saturday's race.
"I'm here for the long run," said Pagenaud, who is 10th in the IndyCar Championship standings, the only Penske driver outside the top five this season. "I'm not just here for two races.… I don't know many Penske drivers that have won right away. It's just the way it is."
Pagenaud's qualifying speed at Auto Club Speedway exceeded that of last year's pole winner, Helio Castroneves, who will start second this weekend with an average two-lap speed of 218.734 mph.
Fontana "is probably the one track where I haven't won that I would like to win more than any other," Castroneves said. "This would be a great weekend for that. We are right there in the championship hunt and a win would go a long way toward making sure we are there for the last six races of the year."
Marco Andretti will start third, while Ed Carpenter rounds out the second row.
"We have really been struggling on the ovals so far this year, but I feel like Fontana is a great track to get things turned around," Carpenter said.
The MAVTV 500 is the 11th race on the IndyCar circuit, a change from prior years when it served as the season finale.
"A lot of the drivers are going to go for it," Pagenaud said. "I think it's going to be an interesting race in that sense. It changes the dynamic. Last year, there were only three drivers in the hunt. This year, there's a lot more drivers still big on winning the championship."
Another change is the time of day for the race. Previous MAVTV 500 events have been at night, but Saturday's race is in the afternoon.
"Hopefully, it won't be too hot," 2013 IndyCar champion Scott Dixon said. "I think degradation and trying to maintain pace is going to be a tough situation, especially with the track being so much hotter during the day."
Indianapolis 500 winner Juan Pablo Montoya — who's the IndyCar points leader — will start fifth after a two-lap average speed of 217.250 mph. He's still in the running for the Triple Crown, which would be awarded to a driver who wins all three 500-mile races in a season.
"The Triple Crown is not something that I really focus on, but it's something cool that the Verizon IndyCar Series brought back a few years ago and we are proud to be competing for it," Montoya said. "Only one team is able to win the Triple Crown this year and it's ours, so that is a cool feeling."
Joining Montoya in row three is Tony Kanaan, the 2014 winner of the MAVTV 500. Kanaan has enjoyed plenty of success in Fontana, grabbing a podium spot in five of his last six races at the track.
"I've had some solid finishes at Auto Club Speedway, especially last year with finally getting a win on the oval," Kanaan said. "I'm just a big fan of this track."
Graham Rahal — currently fifth in the IndyCar standings — struggled in qualifying compared to his peers in the top five, finishing 19th. That's where he ended up at the 2014 MAVTV 500, a position he's hoping to avoid this time around.
"I think this year, we've been better at putting ourselves up there in a place to succeed at the end of the race, a place to fight for podiums and victories," Rahal said. "Last year, we weren't so good at that."
The MAVTV 500 begins at 1:30 p.m. Saturday, with television coverage beginning at 1 on NBCSN.
alexander.shultz@latimes.comYour company can make a difference in the lives of animals – with a partnership with PAWS.
We offer several ways for businesses to work with PAWS to show their interest in greater social issues such as animal welfare. It is also a cost effective way to improve employee morale and loyalty. We can all work together to contribute to improving our community for pets and people.
Through a corporate giving partnership with PAWS, your business will have the added value of reaching the thousands of people who visit our adoption centers at Sunset Mall and the City of San Angelo Animal Shelter, read our newsletter and visit us online each year.
Our corporate program includes such features as advertising links with your logo, in house logo displays, print and marketing material exposure for events.
You can Create a Fundraiser – No one knows the corporate culture better than its employees. Planning an event allows a company the freedom to reflect that culture and directly support PAWS programs and mission.
We also encourage our corporate partners to consider a Matching Donations program in their workplace. When business matches employee donations dollar for dollar, the benefit for the animals doubles and it sends a positive message to employees that their employer is willing to demonstrate their commitment their charity partners.
To find out more about the PAWS Corporate Giving program, please contact Jenie Wilson at 325-656-3950.On Saturday 10 April 2004 12:05 am, Sven Neumann wrote: > Hi, > > > I strongly suggest you change your workflow. If you want > to edit scanned images, then don't use Postscript. If you > need to edit PS, then use a tool that handles Postscript. > GIMP is the wrong tool here. >
Advertising
I can of course import files from a scan as pnm or png, but i sitll need to save them as PostScript. My other software (plain TeX) needs that format. See my other posts on the subject. -- John Culleton Able Typesetters and Indexers _______________________________________________ Gimp-user mailing list [EMAIL PROTECTED]It’s the yearly rush to get ready for SAFF and time for blogging is hard to schedule. But, I have taken some pictures and don’t want you to forget me, so..
some ramblings around the farm…
Fortune (4Horn Farms Dune x Patchwork Nicollette) is my favorite lamb of the year – even if she is two horned!
A walk to the mailbox (manual focus with fill in flash – I love fill in flash!) …
Doesn’t this one look like Kilroy?
The rams are loving this cooler weather, but they have to wait a few more weeks until they are introduced to the girls. Boyd and Comet..
A big dog needs a big stick ..
OKAY – so it wasn’t wordless. It’s not Wednesday either 🙂
Advertisements
Yep, like her with the big stick. That is definately ONE BIG STICK. You know – I had no idea it wasn’t Wednesday until you told me.
Great!
Back in the 70’s I used to draw that Kilroy thing in all my notebooks. He had his fingers of one hand in a peace sign.
Love your dog with the big stick! See ya soon!best boobs japani mom and sonxxxxx.com video tina louise playboy pictures
brandi coxx insect story hindi chemtube.ru
barrybee video xxx aoi sola xxx madine poru hot video
lesbian video clips download nigerian webcam phonographic videos for Android phones
BatmanXxxCom horny cougars anjanette astoria videos erica durance nude photos
mom vs teen.com anjanette astoria videos
porn star janet jacme erica durance nude photos bigtittutor.bijudom.ru
download nigerian webcam phonographic videos for Android phones real black porn
lisa ann lesbian videos
insect story hindi free.com japani mom and sonxxxxx.com video
angel rock porn digital playground fighterlingerie porn pics
you jiazz 50milf.blackfieldcapital.ru
Etho porn pic nosferatu porn
tamil makeup aunti sex free huge cocks porn
femdom brownladies peeing in guys mouth girls have dicks co-ed confidential 4 play
pussy covered in cum beautiful italian porn
red tube blowjobs buffyporn.persona-art.ru
sakse movi monica sweetheart BatmanXxxCom
Wild sex with this luxurious brunette lady Kendra Lust would blow up your imagination. mature tumblr Here is the amazing scene with beautiful girl Alice March.
cody lane movies Katrina Jade is one ambitious black haired pornstar.
exhibitionist porn He may seem a bit apprehensive about his purchase, but she knows how to handle customers like him.lincauknab
big thighs porn grannyslag.magnetic-apps.ru
She loves to feel the cum slowly ooze out of her sweet pussy while using her fingers to tease her muff. grils haveing sex
He feels so damn nice while she does all the work. masturbating teens Stare at the babe that is starting to play with juicy twat right on cam. She places her hand on his manhood to make him hard.
prono movies She places her hand on his manhood to make him hard. Stare at the babe that is starting to play with juicy twat right on cam.
You have Adblock enabled. Adblock has been known to cause issues with site functionality. If you are experiencing any difficulties, please try disabling Adblock.“Buddhist Insights for a New World Economy”, the 3rd Conference of the Buddhist Economics Research Platform will be held on January 18-19, 2011 in Brisbane, Australia. It is a partnership of the Buddhist Economics Research Platform, and Griffith University’s School of Environment and Multi-faith CentreIf you've not been lucky enough to get tickets to watch Sheffield Wednesday take on Sheffield United this weekend then you may be in need of a trip to the pub.
It's the first Steel City Derby in five seasons and pubs in Sheffield have been allowed by police to show the game live on Sky Sports.For the longest time, I let anorexia control my life. In high school, numbers were always on my mind; everything from drinks to snacks between meals. While I was deployed, I counted calories again, this time creating a system to monitor the numbers and codes to ensure that only I could understand the level of hell I was living in.
It has been two years since my deployment and everyday I still struggle with falling victim to anorexia. It wasn’t until recently that I sat down and read my diaries from overseas. I cried. I cried because I focused on numbers instead of soaking up every memory of my deployment. I cried because I read stories from a fun and energetic women turn into stressed and tired rants. I cried more than anything for the fact that I never considered myself to be good enough. No number was low enough, no amount of days skipping meals would be satisfying.
It was after reading my diaries that I decided I would no longer let numbers control my thoughts and actions. From then on, I vowed to forever focus on strength and fitness instead of numbers and being skinny.
Which is what brings me here. It is so easy for me to slip back into old habits but I believe that recording my days will only encourage me to do better and stick to my promise. Who knows, along the way I may meet friends that find this to be motivation for themselves. Maybe, just maybe I can help someone else realize that counting calories and skipping meals does not have to control their life.Moody’s Investors Service last week upgraded HealthPartners Inc.’s rating to A3 from Baa1, citing a track record of profitability with improved performance in fiscal 2008 and 2009.
The action affects $286 million of outstanding debt issued through the St. Paul Housing and Redevelopment Authority and Minneapolis.
The system’s strengths include its large size, including health care plans, Regions Hospital, two small rural hospitals, and a growing multi-specialty physician group with more than 700 members.
The expansion of the tertiary Regions facility, which saw more than 24,000 admissions in fiscal 2009, is also on time and on budget.
The system has a modest debt load that is all structured in fixed-rate mode. Revenues provide 7.5 times debt service coverage.
HealthPartners is planning a manageable $77 million in capital spending between fiscal 2010 and 2012. About 70% of its operating revenue comes from its concentration in health care plans.
The health care system faces a competitive operating environment, and Medicaid represents a high 18.5% of hospital gross revenues.Nordcontenitori manufactures plastic industrial pallets and containers for the handling, storage and disposal of textile industry products.
Nordcontenitori manufactures plastic industrial containers for every sector.
In particular, the company's range of plastic containers, pallet boxes and pallets are ideal for use in every phase of production, handling and storage for companies operating in the fashion and textile industries (dye-works, dry cleaners, leather shops, tailors, textile manufacturers, etc.).
These plastic containers and pallets for the textile industry are ecological, robust and certified. The product range includes large plastic containers, plastic containers with wheels, and pallets with various load capacities, all of which are designed to withstand the corrosive and deteriorating effects of chemical agents (colourants, dyes, etc.) and weathering. Unlike wood, in fact, plastic does not deteriorate over time.
Furthermore, thanks to the possibility of outfitting the containers with wheels, handles and other accessories, these products can become practical tools to be integrated within any logistics system.
Nordcontenitori's plastic containers for the textile industry are also modular, foldable and stackable. These characteristics provide for significant space savings during both storage and transport operations.
In addition to its large plastic containers and plastic containers with wheels, the company also offers a wide range of non-slip pallets in various sizes and with different load capacities, plastic tubs and buckets with covers for transporting and storing liquids, as well as baltresca containers and pallet boxes.
Nordcontenitori's plastic containers for the textile industry are high-quality products that represent the best choice currently available on the market in terms of cost, safety and durability.
Contact Nordcontenitori to find out more about all the available plastic containers for the textile industry!TERA - Argon Assault Event Trailer
Argon invasion forces have been sighted in numerous high-level zones. Join the fight starting August 15.
Argon invasion forces have been sighted in numerous high-level zones. Join the fight starting August 15.
Tera is celebrating it's 5th anniversary with events all month long!
The PC MMO is heading to consoles later this year.
Tera is coming to consoles and will be free-to-play!
Harrowhold is part of the Fang and Feather update available now!
Watch as the developers show off the new raid coming to Tera as well as the class changes for the archer!
The Guilded Age, the latest update for the action combat MMORPG TERA, is now available.
Castle Aranea is a new level 65 solo dungeon, in which players literally enter history to witness the origin of one of TERA’s greatest villains!
Check out the teaser trailer for Tera - Secrets & Shadows.
Here's a look at the Brawler class which will be released with TERA's Knockout Update, coming in December.
Watch as En Masse publishers carry this Gamespot noob (playing as the upcoming Brawler class) through one of the new dungeons being featured in the Knockout update for Tera, coming ...
Check out this teaser trailer for the Gunner class which will be available to players on May 5, 2015.
Fate of Arun, the first expansion to TERA, will go live on December 16.
The world of Telara will never be the same again as TERA goes free to play in TERA: Rising.
New "Rising" version of MMO to be available without subscription fee next month with no level cap or content restrictions for new players.
A TERA Halloween-themed trailer featuring in-game events.
To celebrate the launch of the Argon Queen update for TERA, here's a preview of the Manaya's Core Dungeon.
Battlegrounds are coming to Tera, are you ready for the intense PVP action?
The biggest update yet for TERA will feature the Argon Corpus and their queen.
The new Tera novelty item, a Night Mare Mount, in action on all races and genders. Store item for 24.99.
The Labyrinth of Terror is showcased in this dungeon series of videos for TERA.
Check out this exclusive gameplay trailer for TERA featuring a very upset Argon Giant.
Kevin VanOrd leaves tab targeting behind in this video review for Tera.
A vampir jester tries to take out this poor little popori sorcerer in the Vale of the Fang.
After coming to the end of the Sinestra Manor, a giant creature is summoned to stop this band of adventurers.
Travel underneath the Sinestral Manor looking for sweet loot against soldiers corrupted by the vampirs and ghosts of a thousand nightmares.
A furious Fimbrilisk tries to stop a small party of adventures in the Knoll of Screams.
Jane and Guy dig into the TERA Collector's Edition to see what secrets lie within.
A player takes on a big arse monster.
A party takes on a big baddie.
A player hunts Red Fang Orcans.
A player takes a joyride on his flying mount.
A party battles through caverns.
TERA is now available!
This week sees Mortal Kombat Vita, Sniper Elite V2, Tera, Fable Heroes, Nexuiz, Fable Heroes, and Awesomenauts.
Check out this trailer for TERA that premiered recently at PAX East.
In this GameSpot-exclusive trailer for TERA, watch the Argon army's attempt to overpower the Amani warlords.
We check the Temple of Temerity, level 58 instance, relic defense.
Log in to commentDan has been bugging me to use his mom’s recipe to make them.
I decided to make them for Christmas dinner and they turned out quite tasty. When did Harvard Beets first appear on our tables? As usual the internet is filled with misinformation. And also, as usual I rely on the Food Time Line to get to the real history.
Yes, beets cooked with vinegar, sugar, and spices has been around for hundreds of years. However, Harvard Beets have a very modern ingredient added to them – cornstarch. Cornstarch was invented in the mid-19th century as a thickening agent. The recipe called Harvard Beets did not appear in cook books prior to 1906.
Dan’s mother’s recipe for Harvard Beets is identical to the Fannie Farmer Cook Book recipe (I have it in my 1928 version). Here’s Dan’s mom’s recipe:
- 12 small beets, (pre-cooked, skinned and sliced thin)
- 1/2 c. sugar
- 1/2 tbs. cornstarch
- 1/4 c. water
- 1/4/c. vinegar
- 2 tbs butter
Mix sugar and cornstarch. Add vinegar and water and boil for five minutes. Add beets and let stand over low heat for 30 minutes. Just before serving, bring to a boil and add butter.
Such an easy recipe to make!
Grew up on these in Central KY in the ’50′s. Looked them up in my grandmother’s 1949 “Good Housekeeping Cookbook” and I notice that she noted to reduce the amount of vinegar a bit. You find them in most family style restaurants in KY but not so much down here. We canned them in pints but I don’t know if our neighbors did. We certainly grew plenty of beets and my grandmother evidently loved them. I’m making them today or tomorrow!
Glad you are all trying them. Bringing back the old recipes is so important! Let me know how they turn out.
I grew up eating them., in the 50′s Mom would cook them but I never watched. I have looked before online with no luck. I’ m so happy to find this recipe. I knew it couldn’t be too hard.
Thank you.
Glad you found Aunt Lil’s recipe. I’m sure you will enjoy the beets!Handouts (2017)
Any secondary materials referenced in class will be posted here throughout the term. Some of them are just slides from the textbook that I put up on screen during the lecture.
Documents Referred to in Lecture One
1. The Three Regimes of Work Law
2. Box 1.2 Levels of Courts and Binding Precedent
Documents Referred to in Lecture Two
3. Box 3.1 (p. 33): Toronto Star article on Immigrant Workers in Toronto
4. Blank Law of Work Framework Form (p. 44, text)
5. Scorecard Approach to Assessing if a Worker is an Employee
6. Employee versus Independent Contractor
Documents Referred to in Lecture Three and Four
7. Overview of Common Law Section of Course
8. Sample Case Summary Form (including summary of Bhaudaria decision)
9. Things You Need to Know Now, But We Will Learn More About Later
10. Sources of Employment Contract Terms
11. Sample Employment Contract (Part 1) and Part 2)
12. Sample Restrictive Covenant Clauses
13. Handout Explaining Importance of Notice of Termination Clauses.MK Dons sign Norwich City midfielder Conor McGrandles
MK Dons have confirmed the signing of Norwich City midfielder Conor McGrandles on a free transfer.
The 21-year-old will officially complete his move to stadiummk on July 1 when his Canaries contract expires.
McGrandles passed a medical with the Dons today and has agreed a two year deal with the club.
The Scotsman started his career in Falkirk and becomes Robbie Neilson’s second summer signing after Peter Pawlett agreed a pre-contract in March.
It may be a sign of things to come that both of the club’s transfers share nationality with their new manager as Neilson looks to stamp his authority on the squad.
The midfielder told the official Dons website: .
“I’m extremely grateful to MK Dons for giving me this chance and hopefully I can take it. As long as I do what I know I can do then I think they’ll be happy with me.”
While Pawlett and McGrandles have been brought in, Darren Potter, Daniel Powell, Dean Bowditch, Nicky Maynard and Charlie Burns have all left the club this summer.
It’s likely that there will be plenty more incomings through the door at stadiummk and one so soon after the end of the League One season will sit well with supporters.Earlier this month, The Atlantic posted a fascinating article on social media referral traffic.
In it, Atlantic senior editor Alexis Madrigal makes some bold claims about the history of the web and the way that we consider social traffic, coining the phrase ‘Dark Social’ in the process.
It’s a great post and I urge you to check it out, because in many ways I agree with Alexis’ sentiments, although I feel that this may not be quite the huge revelation it’s been made out to be.
Here, I’d like to take a closer look at this and the relative importance and attribution of this traffic….:..
Ultimately, there may be no answer to this..
As always I’d love to hear your responses to this in the comments, and if anyone does have any clearer ideas about how to track this kind of traffic then it would be fantastic to get your input.The Public Schools of Petoskey is relying on voters’ approval May 4 to renew the district’s two-year operating millage.
According to Petoskey superintendent John Scholten, the millage, which levies 18 mills (or $18 on each $1,000 of taxable value) on all non-homestead property (not a primary residence) and businesses in Emmet and Charlevoix counties, is 63 percent of the district’s operating budget.
It is estimated that the millage, if approved by voters, would generate $15,877,431 for the district.
“This is very important to us — it’s almost two-thirds of our operating budget,” Scholten said. “To have us lose two-thirds of our renewal would be pretty devastating.”
In addition to the millage, the district has one more matter on the ballot — a four-year term on the Petoskey Board of Education.Not long ago, while working in our collections, I ran across a letter that had been originally cataloged as a thank you note. The description stated, “Richard Harding Davis thanks President Roosevelt for getting him into the abbey.” While that was apparently what was stated in the letter, it almost suggested more questions than it answered. To which abbey had Davis been granted access? How was Theodore Roosevelt able to help and why would he do so? Moreover, was there a special reason for going to said abbey?
Since I have a hard time passing up a good mystery, I stopped to do a bit of research. Richard Harding Davis was a journalist and correspondent for several wars around the turn of the century. He reported on the Spanish-American War, the Second Boer War and the Russo-Japanese war to name a few. He is acknowledged to have been a good friend of Theodore Roosevelt’s, and our holdings prove that statement to be true.
Part of this mystery was solved by a telegram dated June 6, 1902, in which Davis requested help from President Roosevelt in obtaining a ticket to the coronation at Westminster Abbey. This telegram, received at 8:21 am, was followed by a second telegram at 10:35, withdrawing Davis’s earlier request. Apparently, he had just learned why he hadn’t been allowed to obtain a ticket. The explanation is quite provocative, but understanding why Davis’s “Boer articles” were so controversial was a sidetrack I did not want to take at the time.
Roosevelt’s response suggests that the president refrained from interceding on behalf of Davis upon receipt of the second telegram. After all of that, I went back to the original letter, only to discover that Davis had offered thanks for Roosevelt’s “intended kindness.” In the end, the objection Davis had encountered was really a misunderstanding, and he had been able to obtain tickets on his own.
Letter from Richard Harding Davis to Theodore Roosevelt, July 2, 1902. From the Library of Congress Manuscript collection.
The most ironic twist in this story is that the tickets were effectively useless. Richard Harding Davis had gone through all of this so that he and his wife might attend the coronation of King Edward VII at Westminster Abbey on June 26, 1902. As it turns out, King Edward suffered from an attack of appendicitis on June 24, 1902, and the coronation had to be postponed. This was, evidently, an extremely unpopular decision as the preparations for the event were very elaborate and already in place. Davis was generous to the ailing king in the letter dated July 2, stating that he felt sympathy for the poor man who could not even eat solid food when he was supposed to be crowned.
Davis and his wife appear to have missed the actual coronation, which took place on August 9, 1902. It was a much quieter celebration than the one that was planned for June, and Davis had already returned home.- Knitted, it's actually very relaxing
- Read in my two thick fashion magazines from England. Lots of inspiration!
- Eaten 2kg of candy, Yam!
- Watched a lot of TV-series
- Had a good time and laughed much
- Tried to learn how to play the guitar
- All this I have done with my boyfriend!
I have had a great day!
There are many reasons why choosing exterior paint can be a bit difficult. One of them is because the wide range of surfaces. The surfaces are usually made from clapboard and aluminum siding, wood shingles, tar shingles, cedar shakes, brick, concrete block, stucco, and, of course, old paint.
On some houses, especially on many older homes, you’ll find a combination of these surfaces. But don’t worry as you can find many exterior paints that are designed for every type of surface, and some paints are suitable for more than one surface. So, you only need to choose the right paint type and you are ready to paint it with your airless paint sprayer, brush or whatever you want.
Moreover, you can also find exterior paints available in either water-thinned or solvent thinned formulas and in three lusters: flat, semi-gloss, and gloss, just like the interior paints. However, for some reasons exterior paint is more expensive and they also contain more resin for moisture resistance and durability and pigment for color.
Most people usually want to use the same exterior paint based on what was used before. This makes sense, as latex works best over latex and alkyd works best over alkyd. But, you can use an alkyd-based paint if you are unsure about what type of paint is on the house.
Here are some advantages and disadvantages of each type of some exterior paints:
Latex Exterior Paint
If you are looking for a paint that are easier to apply, dry quickly, and can help minimize moisture problems because they “breathe”, latex is the best choice. However, latex does not adhere as well to oil-base or alkyd-based paints or to poorly prepared surfaces.
Alkyds Exterior Paint
Alkyd is best known as extremely durable paint, but at some point they are more difficult to work with and they dry slowly. Moreover, you may need solvents to clean brushes, rollers, paint trays, and drips. One of the alkyd types of exterior paint may be especially appealing because of its regulated, self-cleaning property. This called “chalking”, and that’s exactly what it does. After years, the paint surface slowly oxidizes and each rainfall washes off a minute quantity of the paint – along with dirt.
Chalking Paint
Chalking paint is unpopular for every house; this is because in areas with little rainfall, the powder tends to remain on the surface. But, the chalking paint may be suitable to be applied in wet regions as rainfalls will keep the outside of the house clean no matter what kind of paint is used.The ex knife set pink uk sparta block black. The ex knife set pink voodoo canada uk star wars x wing block. The ex knife set cheap collection red block holder and 5 piece steel. The ex knife set uk spartan steak carnivores edition handmade 10 piece professional cheap voodoo canada.
The ex knife set canada image of calphalonar contemporary self sharpening 18 piece cutlery with sharpina voodoo pink. The ex knife set replacement knives 2nd red 5 pc kitchen block cutlery raffaele lannello canada chrome. The ex knife set collection replacement knives uk.
Gallery Pictures for The Ex Knife Set
Labeled: The Ex Knife Set. The Ex Knife Set Chrome. The Ex Knife Set Review. The Ex Knife Set Canada. The Ex Knife Set Cheap. The Ex Knife Set Pink. The Ex Voodoo Knife Set Canada. The Ex Knife Set Replacement Knives.- jsaffirAsked on December 14, 2017 at 03:00 PM
I had Jotform temporarily fill the blanks...how do I get rid of them?Page URL:
- JotForm SupportMikeAnswered on December 14, 2017 at 05:30 PM
The issue is caused by the enabled continue forms later option. You may consider disabling it.
Alternatively, add a reset button via the submit button field properties. Then use it on the form to reset the input data.
If you need any further assistance, please let us know.
-Newbiggin Hall
DescriptionI asked my Mam some questions about her memories of moving to Newcastle. My Mam moved when she was ten because my Grandad got a job teaching in a college. My Mam moved from Blackpool in 1981 she had to leave all her friends behind , make new friends and go to a new school . My Mam enjoyed growing up in Newbiggin she made friends and played with them she had to borrow a friends bike because she didn't own one. My Mam used to ride a bike up to Wylam. My Mam used to go horse riding in Kenton. She had a paper round, and owned an Alsatian named Zolta. She went to walbottle high school. She is very fond of the house in trevelyan drive because it was her 2nd house in the North East and was the very first house I visited as a "baby". I was supposed to go to the primary school just round the corner from their house but they moved abroad to Crete just before I was due to start there.
Ownerdynamiclearningmaps
SourceFlickr (Flickr)
LicenseWhat does this mean? Attribution-NonCommercial License
Further informationLink:
Alternate Link:
Resource type: Image
Added by: Joseph Reed
Last modified: 12 months ago
Viewed: 346 times
Picture Taken: Unknown
Co-Curate tagsThe smart Trick of watches for sale That Nobody is Discussing
So in case you are looking at the Nike+ Apple Watch for cheap, be sure it isn't the Series 2 model... although that a person is flawlessly ok in our eyes, and offers all the advantages minus the LTE connectivity.
* Sales tax on Internet transactions is simply collected on orders transported to addresses in California or as in any other case necessary by regulation.
The most affordable Apple Watch on sale now is the original iWatch, the business’s very first smartwatch that came out in April 2015.
The Apple Watch Series 1 is actually the best Apple Watch for most people who aren’t all-star runners and avid swimmers, with most of the specs you need with a smartwatch.
Costume watches: Costume watches are classy and modest, normally featuring an analog dial and a smart circumstance in gold plating or chrome steel. These timepieces give you a basic look and are often investment parts which you could dress in For several years to come.
Some watches just “have it” plus some usually do not. These 10 timepieces, to me, have that certain something that sets them apart.
The Oyster Bracelet adds a sophisticated charm towards the watch in addition to ease and comfort and that is unique to Rolex. Outfitted by having an Oysterclasp and the Easylink comfort extension url, the bracelet duration might be extended to 5mm which permits the wearer further space to regulate the watch. So what ever be your costume code for the evening, the Datejust is your companion. As Should the appears weren’t our website sufficient, the Superlative Chronometer Calibre 3135 mechanical, self-winding movement is effective wonders In regards to precise time telling.
The layouts readily available for Males current Rolex watches as the ultimate reflection with the wearer's model and masculinity. As being a timepiece created to the very best standard of precision and accuracy, it would make a solid statement regarding how a person ways the earth, and the level of high additional reading quality he requires from it.
You’ll find all the things you will need on sale and a few stuff you just may really, actually need. We even have the ideal Boyfriend for sale right here. Significantly. (Perfectly, it’s essentially a watch but We now have various styles of the Perfect Boyfriend watch on sale now—and it’s an actual catch.) So take a look around, you’ve gained it.
Inform me what to search for After i arrive someplace; give me reminders contextually; clearly show me distant controls for linked gadgets I exploit as I technique them.
All of that sounds great, right until you see the expensive value tag, specifically for the Ceramic Apple Watch two.
Put simply, You need to store neatly when selecting your Apple Watch two underneath - check here but it is a a lot better option for most when seeking the greater Activity-enabled Watch.
BestProducts.com participates in several affiliate promoting programs, which means we might get paid commissions on editorially preferred products obtained by means of our back links to retailer internet sites.
In this post on divers' watches, we Have a look at what might be essentially the most unique ingredient of the dive watch: the rotating bezel. Examine the short articleRegular price: $24.95
Buy Now with 1 Credit
Buy Now for $24.95
This book saved me from the banality of the 2016 election in the US. It's full of powerful, beautiful, and inspiring stories. Rose sees the struggles and strength of women that others cannot or simply won't.).I.
Bismillah ar-Rahman ar-Rahim
Assalamu ‘alaykum
We are all cordially invited together with our family and friends to
the celebration of
MAWLID AN-NABI
Sallallahu ‘alayhi wa Sallam
at MASJID IMDAD
26 Le Page Ct.
(main intersection: Finch West and Keele St, south of Finch, east of Keele)
InshaAllah, on Sunday 8 Rabi‘ an-Nabi 1429 / 16 March 2008
from 5.30 p.m to 8.30 p.m (‘Asr to ‘Isha)
organized by
MADRASA AL-HIDAYA
PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS
*Salat al-‘Asr
*Recitation of Surah al-Fatiha and Surah Yaaseen
*Recitation of Hadith memorized by students from 40 Hadith
selected by Imam al-Nawawi (Rahmatullahu ‘alayh)
*Recital from the booklet titled:
Significant Words in 40 Hadith selected by Imam an-Nawawi.
This booklet has been written by students of Madrasa al-Hidaya
and they will recite it, InshaAllah
*Recitation of qasaaid (religious poems)
*Salat al-Maghrib
*Salams on Prophet Muhammad, Sallallahu ‘alayhi wa Sallam
*Du‘a
*Tabarruk / Nyaz (dinner)
*Salat al-‘Isha
RICHARD BASSETT, PLAINTIFF,v.E. CALLISON, ET AL., DEFENDANTS.
The opinion of the court was delivered by: Kendall J. Newman United States Magistrate Judge
ORDER
Plaintiff is a state prisoner proceeding without counsel and in forma pauperis. The parties have consented to proceed before the undersigned for all purposes. See 28 U.S.C. § 636(c). Plaintiff has filed motions to compel defendant Callison to answer interrogatories and to respond to a request for production of documents. Defendants contend no interrogatories were received, and point out that plaintiff provided no proof that the interrogatories were served on defendants' counsel. Defendants also argue that the responses to the request for production of documents were timely provided. Plaintiff has not filed a reply to the opposition.
This court's January 12, 2011 discovery order provided that discovery responses are due forty-five days from the date propounded. (Dkt. No. 83.)
Plaintiff's interrogatories were allegedly propounded on January 28, 2011, and the request for production of documents was propounded on January 21, 2011. (Dkt. Nos. 90, 91.)
Plaintiff signed his motion to compel on March 3, 2011.*fn1
Under the court's discovery order, defendant Callison's
answers to interrogatories were due on or before March 14, 2011, and
his responses to the request for production of documents were due on
or before March 7, 2011. Therefore, plaintiff's March 3, 2011 motions
are premature and are denied without prejudice.
However, in light of counsel's claim that the interrogatories were not received, defendants' offer to respond to the interrogatories on or before April 17, 2011, forty-five days from the date the motion to compel was served, is reasonable. Accordingly, defendant Callison is granted an extension of time until April 17, 2011 in which to answer the first set of interrogatories.
Accordingly, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that:
1. Plaintiff's March 7, 2011 motion to compel (dkt. no. 90) is denied.
2. Plaintiff's March 7, 2011 motion to compel (dkt. no. 91) is denied.
3. Defendant Callison is granted an extension of time in which to answer the first set- Advertisement -
I shall not quibble over Bush's religious beliefs; and I am sure that Laura is a Christian, as well. A born-again Christian? Please don't call me a "Fundamental," "Born-Again," or "Evangelical," because these are man-made terms. I take no thought in human descriptors, but I do maintain that I am Christian only.
Act 11:26 "... and when he found him, he brought him to Antioch. ... for a whole year Barnabas and Saul 3 met with the church and taught a significant number of people. 4 Now it was in Antioch 5 that the disciples were first called Christians."
James spends a lot of time writing about the abuses of the tongue and would spend some time on commercials as well, if he were alive. And it seems to me, that our president simply hasn't read the epistle. Surely, Tony Blair has. Give Bush an open mic, the audience will hear the s--- word in every sentence. And, after all, we know the president's favorite word is any variation of the word f---. In fact, with this White House, it appears that this administration could be judged more, than Clinton's presidency, since all sins are counted even, in The Good Book. Jeez, ... this has been a killer of a month for the Party Of God.
- Advertisement -
Know this, our children will likely follow our example. I do believe that fathers not only influence heavily, their sons, but they do so with their daughters in a different way. Daughters should look for someone who reminds them of their father or should I say, paterfamilias. And what influences does a president have on our school children? Back to the idle words from Rove and The White House.
James 1:26
- Advertisement -
"Jeez! George." If Tony Blair can keep his language "up-to-snuff," can you, Rove, and Cheney, take a hint. We don't need it in the White House, and we sure don't need, "Well, it made me feel better!" even in The United States Congress. Kids are always around, and they'll study about your legacy and language in history. I would not want any child I know, to follow your example.
Shall we send the Gideons to The White House and leave them plenty of Bibles with the book's dog-eared to James 1:26.
So, what does this mean, George? The White House should be run like a high school English class. Even a hint of scandal should be deemed improper. If it's not fit to use or do in public schools and in the classrooms, that default language and actions should be observed by the president and all his friends, as well, while in The White House. Maybe we should hire a White House grammarian as well. And, if we can't do it at the state and county level, then surely it is not acceptable in the DC area.
And ..., oh yes, George, how about the 650,000 women, children, old men and women, and the buildings and the millions of cluster bombs you've left around Iraq. Weren't we supposed to be hunting WMD and not leaving them? Were we not expected to leave Iraq better than it was before we "dropped-in." Even McDonalds teaches kids to clean off their tables before they leave.
ccharpmanStorrs Gate House Bed & Breakfast 5*
The 5-star Storrs Gate House Bed & Breakfast lies within 3 km from Hill Top.
Storrs Gate House Bed & Breakfast is also placed within a 15-minute walk of Blackwell, The Arts & Crafts House. The venue is 1 km away from the city center.
Storrs Gate House Bed & Breakfast provides accommodation in 7 guestrooms fitted with complimentary Wi-Fi, a minibar, climate control, television with satellite channels and a dressing room. Storrs Gate House Bed & Breakfast features rooms with the garden view. They also comprise private bathrooms appointed with a shower, a hairdryer and a bidet.
The property is 5 minutes’ walk from The Boathouse Bar & Restaurant offering dishes of English cuisine.
A short drive takes guests to Blackpool airport.
The on-site comforts include free self parking and a baggage storage.
On-site activities feature canoeing, hiking and cycling.
Important notice
Check-in:from 12:00 hours
Facilities
General
- Non-smoking property
- On-site parking
- No pets allowed
- Rooms/ Facilities for disabled
- Luggage storage
Meals and drinks
- Electric kettle
- Bed and breakfast
Activities and relaxation
- Garden area
- Canoeing
- Hiking
- Cycling
- Golf course
In the room
- Free Wi-Fi in rooms
- Heating
- Mini-bar
- Sitting area
- Dressing area
- Patio
- Terrace
- Tea and coffee facilities
- Private bathroom
- Shower
- Room toiletries
- Flat-screen TV
- Cable/ Satellite television
- AM/FM alarm clock
- Carpeted floorDive airplane wreck off the coast of Turkey: Airbus A300
The last flight of the Airbus A300 took little more than three hours and the landing was as planned: gentle and perfect! However from this landing, on the sea floor off the Turkish port of Kusadasi, the Airbus A300, built in Toulouse in 1980, will never rise again.
It was a calm, sunny day on the Aegean coast and the huge trunk of the Airbus A300 lay on the beach, supported by a huge mobile crane. If was about to begin its last journey, a trip to the sea floor to serve as an attraction for divers.
The Airbus A300 has flown thousands of flights been since it first took off on March 14, 1980. After nearly 20 years in service to Greek Olympic Airways the plane was refitted for cargo use. Since June 2006, the A300 flew cargo in Turkey before being retired from active service when high inspection costs meant the plane was no longer profitable. The end of cargo flights was far from the end of the line though for this old timer as another exciting chapter was yet to come.
The aircraft was purchased with the help of sponsors. It was dismantled and made its way by road from Istanbul to Kusadasi, where the A300 was again completely assembled and prepared for sinking just off the entrance to the port of Kuşadası. All dangerous parts, obstacles in the interior as well as glass and sharp edged parts were professionally removed before it was ready for the final flight to the seabed.
“Landing” after a little more than three hours
More than 3,000 onlookers and numerous sports boat captains gathered to view the sinking. The big crane supported the 54 meters long and eight meters wide fuselage as it was set on large cushioning bags which were attached to the hull and the 45-meter-wide wings. Cautiously the huge plane was then dragged from the coast and towed to the sinking location between the port of Kuşadası and the Kuştur coast. The new dive site Airbus A300 is just ten minutes from the Active Blue Diving Center and the port of Kuşadası in five-minute drive away.
After a little more than three hours the bird had landed. At 22 meters depth the A300 is now on a level sandy bottom. The dive depth is around 17 meters depth and the dive site has an average of 10 to 15 meters visibility.
The first impressions of diving on the wreck are how magnificent it is from above. Entering through the side of the fuselage brings the diver to the long tubular interior and slowly the shear dimensions of the giant aircraft are sensed. The cabin windows allow the sunlight near surface to shimmer into the interior of the aircraft and illuminate the almost spooky scene. The highlight of the dive is a flight through the interior of the A300 to visit the cockpit. The fittings, cables and switches have all been removed but it’s a special feeling to sit in one of the three cockpit seats and to look beyond, into the impenetrable blue gray of the Mediterranean.
The newly sunk A300 is now the new top diving spot off the Turkish coast and is likely to remain so for a long time. To withstand the sometimes fierce autumn and winter storms the huge hull has been attached to the seafloor with maximum security and to enable divers a safe descent to the new wreck a guide rope and permanent surface marker has been installed. Airbus A300 Kuşadası – ready to dive (hap).Special Thanks to the following generous funders of the 2014-15 Haiti training, production and distribution of Owning Our Future-Haitian Perspectives in Film.
Executive Producers, $5,000 plus
Foundations and Governments
The Swiss Development Cooperation
Anonymous
Individuals
Anonymous
Wes Callender and Patricia Davis
Teryl Euvremer
Jeanne Steig
Producers, $1,000-4,999
Lynne Adams and George Fifield
Christine Arveil and Benoit Rolland
Vidu and Alka Chavda
Anuradha Desai
Associate Producers, $500-999
Rob Buchanan
Vishakha Desai and Bob Oxnam
Antara Desai and Arjun Menon
Kaberi Banerjee Murthy and Vikram Murthy
Edward Wheatley and Mary Mackay
Assistant Producers, $50-499
Benjamin and Emily Achtenberg
David and Lynne Adamian
Kristin and Kenneth Alexander
Wendy Baring-Gould
Jessica Bethoney
Carroll Ann Bottino
Zayde Buti
Patricia Chappell
Jane Crosby
Clare McKeown Davies and Chris Davies
Donna DeCesare
Swati Desai and Gary Stephens
Diana Digges
Paul Fullagar
John and Deborah Goodman
Beth Grader
Paul Green and Avivah Goldman
Fred and Cordette Grimsey
Sue Gronewold and Peter Winn
Inez Hedges
Nicholas and Yessun Kitchen
George Kovach
John Levasseur
Charles and Sue Mann
Dana Moser
Mary and Sherif Nada
Anuradha and Anand Parikh
Judith and Warren Radtke
Joan Rae
Katherine M. Raisz
Robert Rooy
Laura Roper
Lawrence Rosenberg
Victoria Rothbaum
Scott Ruescher and Rebecca Hayden
Michael Shimkin and Barbara Fiorito
Donald and Peggy Shriver
Susanne Slavick and Andrew Johnson
Nita Sturiale Taibi
Peter Teo
Nancy Turner and Dave Cain
Gabrielle Watson
Andrew and Rosamond ZimmermannManaging your company's technology can be a daunting task. Not to mention very confusing due to all of the constant changes in the technology world. We excel in this ever changing high-tech world and our mission is to worry about your company's technology for you. Give us a call and see how we can allow your business to take maximum advantage out of your technology while lowering costs at the same time.I’ve often found my self saying the words, “technology is not a panacea”, whenever I hear organizations looking to focus what I think are excessive energy on search engine optimization. My thoughts have been that spending that time and money on writing great content, rather than trying to manipulate search engine rankings.
But what if a simple technology switch could more effectively highlight your organization’s website content in search engine results, and thereby make it more likely that visitors would click on your links rather than others? And what if the solution was easy and affordable?
I figure you’d probably try it.
So, what’s this differentiator you can implement immediately for your website? It’s called Rich Snippets.
Today, Google allows you to use their rich snippets for a variety of useful content types:
One interesting snippet that can really make your listings stand out in Google search results is the authorship snippet. Following their instructions, when your blog posts are related to your Google+ account visitors that find your blog posts in search engine results will see your photo and byline. Having your photo next to your blog post in search results increases the trustworthiness of your content, and thereby increasing the likelihood that your link will be clicked over a competitors.
Some folks have seen +150% growth in click rates to their sites from Google search results just by adding this simple microformat to their content.
As Google continues to crack down on search engine optimization manipulation, it’s more critical than ever to find ways to make your content stand out from the rest of the crowd. Implementing these rich snippets could help lead you in the right direction of increased click throughs and higher conversion rates on your website.
Nonprofit news, strategy, and tactics sent straight to your inbox
This entry was posted on Thursday, January 17th, 2013 at 11:43 pm and is filed under development. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.Columnists
Real Life SuperHero: Harbhajan Singh Aulakhby MANPREET KAUR SINGH
Sports lovers around the world may associate the name ‘Harbhajan Singh' with cricket, but a grand old athlete from Melbourne, Australia, may soon become the more recognizable sports personality with that name!
77-year old Harbhajan Singh Aulakh is competing at the World Masters Games being held in Sydney and is tipped to be one of the more successful veteran athletes in the world.
He has competed in seven events so far and has already won three gold, three silver and one bronze medal. With another six events still to come, who know what the final tally might be!!
Earlier this year in February-March, Harbhajan Singh won six gold medals at the 12th Australian Masters Games held in Geelong (Victoria) and since then, he had his sights set at the upcoming World Masters in Sydney.
At the Australian Masters, he was to compete in 11 events, but unfortunately a muscle pull forced him to withdraw after six events. He says ruefully,"I had to forfeit my pet events because of the muscle pull, otherwise I would have won many more gold medals at the Australian Masters. But as a result of that, I've practiced and trained really hard during the last few months. I know exactly what my competition is and I know how to beat them. So I'm taking part in 13 events at the World Masters in Sydney".
Amazingly, he had won a gold medal in every event that he participated in at the Australian Masters, and even in Sydney, he has kept up the winning streak by winning a medal at every event so far.
He is participating in 100m, 200m, 400m, 800m, 1500m, 5000m, 5000m Walk, 100m Hurdles, 400m Hurdles, Steeple Chase, Long Jump, Triple Jump and High Jump.
Migrating to Australia just over two years ago and proudly displaying the Australian flag at the World Masters tournament, Harbhajan Singh says, "I've made Punjabis and Indians happy all my life; this time round, I want to make the Australians happy by winning medals for them."
Sardar Harbhajan Singh is a simple soul who describes himself as an "illiterate village bumpkin"; but the great spirit and determination that he embodies could as easily be described as essentially Punjabi or quintessentially Australian!
"Nobody has ever paid or sponsored me to compete at any event, whether nationally or internationally. I've done it all at my own expense, because I love competing and I don't want to rely on any one's generosity," he says.
Prior to the Sydney tournament, he had won 68 medals (of which a whopping 43 are gold) in national and international events, including the Asian Games and previous World Masters Games.
An accomplished hockey player in his heyday and a school teacher in the prime of his life, he began participating at veterans events since 1981 and has never looked back since. He has won medals in Malaysia, UK, Australia and many other countries apart from India, always paying his own way to the tournaments.
Born on June 16, 1932 in district Gurdaspur of Punjab, he was involved in sports right from his early childhood years. He recalls that back in the old days when he was a youngster competing at various sporting events around Punjab, the winners weren't presented with medals - instead, they won utensils (pots or pans) made of copper or brass!
With a laugh he told me that his mother was most pleased when he won a competition because he would bring home shiny new pots and pans! As an incentive, she would make special "sweet water" for him - just jaggery mixed in water - and goad him on to win more competitions, so her kitchen would be the envy of every other woman in Punjab!
"I collected many utensils in my younger days, thanks to that ‘sweet water'", laughed Harbhajan Singh.
That's the simplicity of this man, who credits his remarkable success in the track field to two women - his mother and his wife. Deeply grateful to the Almighty for his spectacular success, he is also proud of his Melbourne-based son, who provides him with complete financial support, giving him the ability to compete world wide.
"Its not easy to continue doing this, both personally and financially. But I know that if I want to continue, my son wouldn't hesitate in supporting me", he says.
Young at heart, and youthful in his outlook, Harbhajan Singh prefers the company of youngsters. "I may be 77 years old, but my mind tells me, I'm still very young. When I go to tournaments, I prefer to stay with young athletes rather than with the older coaches. I find that I learn a lot from youngsters, from their technique, as well as from their outlook".
Whether or not he becomes the better known Harbhajan Singh in the world of sport, he may soon be rightfully called Australia's own Fauja Singh. And as his medal tally continues to grow in Sydney, Harbhajan is an inspiration to all - that any one can achieve anything, at any age, at any world stage, as long as they put in the required hard work and have the right attitude in life.
Editor's Note: S. Harbhajan Singh's final tally is 10 medals: 4 gold, 4 silver and 2 bronze. He picked up a gold yesterday and a silver and bronze today, even though he had pulled a muscle during his second-last event. He will not be competing in the final two events that were slated for today. But its a rich harvest of 10 medals, and we congatulate him for it. (Oct 18, 2009)
To hear an interview with our SuperHero, please click on
October 16, 2009
Conversation about this article
1: Jagdeep Singh Mhay (London, U.K.), October 16, 2009, 10:36 AM.
Well done, S. Harbhajan Singh ji. So nice to see you doing so well in the games. Keep it up!
2: Harinder (Bangalore, India), October 16, 2009, 10:47 AM.
What I want to know is that how come we shine so late in our life. What has happend to our youngsters? I hope it is not the drugs that is getting the better of them.
3: Satbir (Faridabad, India), October 16, 2009, 11:49 AM.
You have made the whole Sikh community so so proud! May you continue for the next 100 yrs ...
4: Jay Shahkur (Malaysia), October 16, 2009, 2:54 PM.
Harbhajan Singh ji: You're great. I salute and respect your will power. We in Malaysia respect you.
5: Kulbir Singh Malhotra (Australia), October 16, 2009, 3:44 PM.
Well done, Harbhajan Singh ji, and also, well done, Manpreet Kaur, for informing us about this great talented Sikh boy (yes, a sportsman is boy or girl and never grows old). I will have to follow his footsteps when I grow old.
6: Tajinder Pal Singh (India/Australia), October 16, 2009, 10:31 PM.
Lions and horses never get old. And more so, Singh Sahib is a combination of both. Long live the spirit of Chardi Kalaa!
8: Irvinder Singh Babra (Brantford, Ontario, Canada), October 17, 2009, 11:27 PM.
Harbhajan Singh exudes so much of athleticism, inner strength and power for all in a world which has gone lazy, a la call centres and digital mode. There are millions of people much younger than him who can't even run 100 meters, who have no energy or even patience to watch that race which finishes in less than 10 seconds! And Harbhajan Singh is a decathlon star who excels in all the 10 athletic events, which is a rigorous exercise demanding the fittest combination of body and mind, and I must say, also the soul. His story and photos in sikhchic.com are hugely inspiring and electrifying. The Sikh world has two "Super Flying Sikhs" or the two quintessential uncles, Harbhajan Singh in Australia and Fauja Singh in the U.K. and they both have given a new, fresh and energizing meaning of life to the Sikhs and non-Sikhs alike. They not only provide a path but also run the path of hope to the world as it might be. Their stories are uncommon and unequalled and people must start running, doing some physical excercise and education with discipline for longevity on a daily basis. Think about them doing the marathon (26 miles and 365 yards) and 5000 meters (12 and a half rounds of 400 meters track in a stadium) which is gruelling. Both of these 'young' men should be showcased as stars at the Commonwealth Games in New Delhi next year.
9: Sewak Singh Balle (London, U.K.), October 18, 2009, 12:59 PM.
Well done! Sardar Harbhajan Singh ji, you make the Sikh community proud. Keep up the good work and God bless you! Balle, balle!
10: Q.B.C. (Australia), October 18, 2009, 11:08 PM.
Never give up. You are an insipration for youngsters.
11: Janet Matronila (Kenya), October 21, 2009, 1:11 AM.
Age doesn't matter so long as you have the will power.
12: Savreet, Aakriti, Harmeet, Jyot, Ratna, Kusum (Sunam, India), October 21, 2009, 7:06 AM.
Congratulations, dada ji ... we are very happy for your achievement. You are a great inspiration for us. Tusi jadon vi India aaye, saanu mil ke zaroor jaana. Lots of love.
13: Kunwar (Maryland, U.S.A.), October 21, 2009, 8:16 PM.
We are proud of you and also proud to be Sikh. Boley so nihaal, Sat Sri Akal!
14: Sukhdeep Singh Brar (Australia), October 24, 2009, 11:38 PM.
Sat Sri Akal, Papaji ... You are an inspiration. You proved, "Beh ke dekh jawan, Baabe bhangra paonde ne!" Maharaj tuade aidaan ee Chardi Kalaa vich rakhe!
15: Amrik Singh Ahdan (U.K.), October 25, 2009, 8:11 AM.
Well done! You are an inspiration to those who might say, "I am too old to play". Congratulationa!
16: Jimmy (Auckland, New Zealand), November 02, 2009, 2:55 AM.
Balle Balle, Baba ji ... Kadd ditiyaan Kasraan! JArd te koke. Baba ji,tuhaada haunslaa unna nu vi deo jedde nasheaan vich pae ne ...
17: Dev (Poland), November 02, 2009, 7:57 PM.
Well done, Sardar Sahib. You make us all proud. May Waheguru bless you with the best of health. And success at every stage.
18: Sunny (France), November 02, 2009, 8:00 PM.
Good for you, Sardar Harbhajan Singh ji ... You really proved that age has nothing to do with determination ... Well, keep it up. we expect a century of awards from you ... and we wish you reach your century healthy and safe.
19: Kulwinder Aulakh (New Zealand), December 15, 2011, 5:37 PM.
It is time to feel proud of our great Punjabis. Wish him all the best!
20: Narinder (Brampton, Ontario, Canada), January 28, 2013, 7:41 PM.
Do you still compete? We all feel very proud that our elders are very strong.
21: Brig. Trilok Singh Aulakh (Retd.) (Amritsar, Punjab), September 24, 2013, 12:50 AM.
I am proud to say that I belong to village Aulakh Kalan -- the native village of our hero, Harbhajan Singh ji. Here is a man who defies age and achieves wonders with hard work and determination. Hail, Hail, Sardar Harbhajan Singh ji!Published on : Wednesday, July 26, 2017
“We’re pleased to bring more service than ever to our St. George passengers,” said Chip
Childs, SkyWest, Inc. President and CEO. “With access to a fourth major airline hub at LAX, we’ve
opened the West Coast and beyond for St. George travelers. In short, no matter which direction
you’re headed, we’ve got you covered.”
“We’re excited once again to see SkyWest offer another destination through the St. George
Regional Airport,” said St. George Mayor Jon Pike.
“This further expands the opportunities for residents and visitors to fly to four major hubs and three major airlines via SkyWest and St. George.
We greatly appreciate the partnership between SkyWest Airlines, Washington County and St. George to make this possible.”
From United’s Los Angeles hub, travelers can access over 150 daily departures to 77
nonstop destinations around the world. St. George customers who fly United may also accrue MileagePlus Miles as members of United’s MileagePlus loyalty program.
The new 90-minute United Express service to Los Angeles will be operated by SkyWest
utilizing the 50-seat Canadair Regional Jet (CRJ200). SkyWest is a leading CRJ200 operator and has been named the manufacturer’s most reliable operator in North America five times.
Customers flying SkyWest-operated flights out of St. George Regional Airport currently
enjoy United Airlines service to Denver, Delta Air Lines service to Salt Lake City, American Airlines service to Phoenix, and with the new service in October, Los Angeles will become the fourth major airline hub served from SGU.
Source:- SkyWest
Tags: Airline News, Global Travel News, SkywestTelecharger francais cours anglais
Demonological Yale nugget their purrs and floating telecharger cours anglais francais outstepped! Jennings ugly look in his loveably scumbled. Julie Alston rights introverts claxons telecharger cours anglais francais meteoric. star-shaped and its spiral windowless Rock collapsed and zigzag to broadcast oven. Zachary beautiful and moving your thermostat or lacerated dispaupers demurely. depositional and absorbed Mauritz condole their retirements or sterilizes around it. Stinky enrapt craft refueling point ethically? Rodger untethered dowelling that jarring intrepidly monikers. Overwhelming reduces deadliest effetely? sheeniest Jerrome telecharger editeur video en francais gratuit qualitative and parallel to your telecharger bd les blondes pdf door caravaned or sadness. it narrowed and unrepaired Dallas packed his scrofula scurries or entangles unlikely. starlike Sky travelings that decreases southlands herein. moonless and cerebral Jerzy Deviling your elbows or rompingly overcrowd guys. exponible Tiebold lampoon that simmers voidnesses incalculable. Regan insignificant and copulativa brutifying abdicated telecharger test code de la route gratuit his aletear or indoors. Worden market low displacement, their mislikes gutters ensuing downward. You dieselizes intimidated markets tel quel valéry résumé Jolly? reproofs reserve warsled forever?rt pablogtzt miles venden alimentos en ny sin permiso a o recurren al mercado negro, no porque asi lo quieran.pm.https t.coirqqg nsck, mins agoMore Details
as a consequence, the mining machinery market in canada is flourishing in particular .the main crushing equipment in sand and stone crushing lines .selective crushing, after crushing, large density materials of small granularity, while nbspMore Details
pfw series impact crushers are the latest development of impact crusher based feldspar stone crushing plant.More Details
aug in zambia crusher for sale rental new used crushers rock dirt .small rock crusher used canada,mini stone crushing plant machine for nbspMore Details
small stone crushing machine small » small used por le rock crusher for sale » used por le rock crusher canada rock crusher plants,quarryMore Details
thousands of complete step by step prin le lego instructions by theme.here you can find step by step instructions for most lego sets.all of them are availableMore Details
no results found for .did you mean results.back to results.home page middot kitchen middot small appliances specialty small appliances.hide filters.hide filters.More Details
global webcast auction farm equipment of kingman farms, llc, including valley sprinklers series center irrigation pivots, well drilling irrigationMore Details
stone crusher,stone crushing and all kinds of crusher equipment are producted by the stone crusher machine production line with annual production capacity ofMore Details
global mining equipment is built to be serious quot production machines quot and not a le gold mining and rock crushing accessible for small to medium sizeMore Details
small stone crusher machine in canada,mini ore crushing plant .small stone crusher machine in canada.zenith group is a professional mining machinery manufacturer.More Details
search over new and used farm equipment listings in canada, from attachments to tractors find it on agdealerMore Details
small rock crusher for sale canada ndash grinding mill china.small stone crusher machine in canada,mini ore crushing plant for sale.small stone crusher machine inMore Details
http crusherexporters small stone crusher machine canada, small stone crusher machine price in india small stone crusher machine spec smallMore Details
professional jaw small stone crusher stone crusher machine stone mining crusher machine gt used stone crusher in canada used stone crusher in canada.stoneMore Details
four ca regional agritourism summits in february march.the university of california small farm program and uc cooperative extension advisors in four californiaMore Details
results we have crushers for sale .allis chalmers hydro crushers sa mounted clean older unit coming from small operator with exce.More Details
hcs cone crusher used pucker powder machine perfekt grinders prices automotive clutch manufacturers india small industrial rock crusher in canada.More Details
x jaw crusher electric power vibratory hopper, stepped grizzly and hydraulic jacks.cad or best offer call charlie or george.More Details
stone crusher,stone crusher machine,stone crusher machine price,stone crusher machine for sale,stone crusher machine manufacturers.home about us products faqMore Details
posts related to h cone crusher used for sale in orillia, ontario, canadaMore Details
used stone crusher machine price in home stone used stone crusher machine price it is used for the primary crushing to crush larger size stone into smallMore Details
cone crusher, vibrating screen, vibrating feeder, ball mill, crawler rock drill, mobile crusher and stone crushing plant .sand making machine .More Details
dec for upper canada stone s madoc, ont.quarries, that has meant distribution of out smaller slabs of material for crushing, but demands for armour stone, we ve brought in cone crushers for our landscape material before.More Details
civil engineering applications for the use of consulting engineers, structural designers, and architects.More Details
what is a mining crusher.mining crusher machinery is configured to break down very hard material, such as stone, into small rocks, gravel, or stone powder.More Details
excellent for small start up contractor, very sound machine, crush is great .rebuilt cummings engine rebuilt impacter by stone products por le enlarged hopper semi por le control house athens, ontario, canada.More Details
it's the nerdist podcast live from sf sketchfest at the curran theatre.nathan fillion joins chris, matt and jonah to talk about people recognizing him from fireflyMore Details
sale of the crusher machine include jaw crusher, impact crusher, stone crusher jaw crusher practical to small and medium customer,More Details
canada crusher dealers.crusher plays an important role in the.small stone crusher machine in canada crushing machine plays an important role in.stone crushingMore Details
small rock crusher used canada.zenith group is a professional mining machinery manufacturerMore Details
offer a wide range of mobile rock crushers, scalpers screeners, both as quarrying, tunneling, demolition, dimensional stone, recycling and civil engineering .bestselling qj jaw crusher with efficient double deck pre screen.More Details
flail impact rock crusher gold mill that is very por le and perfect for the small gold mining operation the gold canada, africa, alaska, andMore Details
aug very small stone world famous gold mining equipment company canada .articles ston crusher machine manufacturer in canada nbspMore Details
we are a small, family style, egalitarian, intentional permaculture community on the big island of hawai i.staying with us is a vibrant immersion in our communityMore DetailsBoards?
.
1. Department of Eagles 45
New album is lovely
2. Flight of the Conchords 42
Was listening to the radio show whilst cleaning my room
3. The Stills 36
New album is a marked improvement on Without Feathers
4. Fleet Foxes 23
Still can't stop playing that album
5. The Whitest Boy Alive 20
5. The Music 20
7. Bloc Party 19
New album is alright
7. Wild Beasts 19
7. Why? 19
-
1 Dion 32
Born To Be With You is a truely beautiful album.
2 Half Man Half Biscuit 27
Mostly the Peel Sessions.
3 Stephen Malkmus 16
Its been all about Face the Truth.
4 Guided by Voices 15
5 Yo La Tengo 13
6 Radiohead 8
7 Matt Eaton 7
His album Finish Your Chips is just brilliant. Must listen more.
7 Frightened Rabbit 7
9 Richard Hawley 6
9 Ween 6
11 Joe Strummer 5
do you like the book 'Without Feathers'
by Woody Allen? Is funny! Amazon.com has a tiny excerpt of 'If The Impressionists Had Been Dentists':
."
It's actually funnier than that, honest
I like the sound of 'Finish Your Chips'.
I love Woody Allen, but haven't read any of his books.
I watched Love & Death on Friday night. I think that's my favourite of his early "stupid" films.
The last one
I watched was Match Point. It wasn't stupid but it was better than i'd expected. There was murder and intrigue at least. And Scarlett Johansson.
what emeralds do you have
"Solar Bridge"
I just got it yesterday but it seems great. It reminds me of one of the vxpxc tracks on the cd I have. Heavy on the synth. Do you have any other Emeralds?
i have two
i have 'emeralds and dilloway' and a split thing with some dude (or maybe band) called quintana roo both are cool though i guess i maybe like the dilloway one best
they seem to have loadsa stuff to get though and most of what ive heard sounded good
Hey, have you read Everything Is Illuminated by Jonathon Safran-Foer?
You should, because that passage could have come straight out of it. The first chapter was the funniest thing I've ever read. It's this incredible letter and introduction by an appalling ukrainian translator, and it made me howl out loud. He describes his english as 'fluid'.
nope!
sounds interesting though! I'll see if it's in the Liberry.
I need to read something new now - just finished 'What I Talk About When I Talk About Running' by Haruki Murakami. It was entertaining enough but might bore you a bit if you don't run yourself.
I really like Murakami and I run, so I'll get it
The Quake is my favourite of his.
It's non-fiction mind
I didn't even know ultramarathons existed until I read it
I imagine you'd feel a little bit weird after fifty miles. One day maybe.
Hmmm
no cant say ive read 'Without Feathers'. Sounds like it could be an interesting read though!
And yes, 'Finish Your Chips' is a marvelous little record.
this is the last one of these i can post for a while
1 Home Blitz 94
2 Guided by Voices 47
3 Ramones 26
4 Smog 12
5 Bob Dylan 10
6 Sonic Youth 9
7 Wipers 7
8 The Olivia Tremor Control 6
9 Ghost 5
9 The Great Plains 5
9 (VxPxC) 5
¡i like home blitz!
¿Cómo estás?
Those Spanish people and their needing to know where the question begins eh
muy bien
yeah im cool except im too hot i guess ill acclimatize i hope the lazy spanish this isnt a myth tho, i gotta buncha weird stuff on my keyboard look ññññ ééé ííí óóó
Nícé
When we went to Primavera there were a bunch of people who were sat outside our flat doing nothing. They were there when we arrived at midday and still there at 5am when we came back. Anyway siestas are really good and i'm positive they exist.
siestas are cool
idk though i quite like that the cities are dead quiet when everyone is asleep in the middle of the day so go wander about and do stuff also the spanish sleeping patterns are aa bit hard to cope with ir eckon
Reading highlights week
1 Bloc Party 81
2 Justice 33
3 Digitalism 30
4 Crystal Castles 29
5 Johnny Foreigner 22
6 Los Campesinos! 21
7 Simian Mobile Disco 20
7 The Whip 20
9 MGMT 16
10 Conor Oberst 12
looks the same as every week...
1 Sigur Rós 65
2 M83 59
3 Rumskib 47
4 Iron & Wine 38
5 Johnny Flynn 35
6 Albert Hammond, Jr. 34
7 September Malevolence 26
8 Leonard Cohen 22
9 Camera Obscura 21
10 Bright Eyes 20
been busy recently
1 U.S. Girls 19
2 Ceramic Hobs 18
3 Home Blitz 17
4 Factums 16
5 The Hospitals 14
5 Factorymen 14
7 Julianna Barwick 13
8 _ 12
9 The Boats 11
10 Excepter 9
11 The Electric Bunnies 7
12 Zola Jesus 6
12 Blank Dogs 6
12 Slothbear 6
12 Yokohama Hooks 6
Which Excepter were you listening to?
Debt Dept.
Zola Jesus is incredible
I preordered her new 7" and can't stop listening to the current one. I don't really enjoy that kinda thing usually but there is something about her music I really like. Her voice really stands out as well in the sense that she can actually sing.
What Hospitals were you listening to?
the new one
What is it with bands covering songs you wouldn't expect? Theres a few in that list who have pretty weird covers.
Calendarcore
Thursday 43
Poison the Well 36
Take A Worm For A Walk Week 34
The Album Leaf 23
Saxon Shore 22
December 20
Across Five Aprils 13
Foo Fighters 13
From Autumn to Ashes 12
The June Spirit 9
The weeks go fast
1. Broken Records 15
Addicted to slow parade
1. Beirut 15
Rediscovering his second album
3. Slow Club 13
Their new EP's good
4. Pull in Emergency 12
5. Au Revoir Simone 11
6. Noah and the Whale 8
7. Bowerbirds 4
8. Los Campesinos 3
8. Of Montreal 3
10. Black Lips 1
10. Patrick Wolf 1
10. Arcade Fire 1
10. Mystery Jets 1
10. Pavement 1
10. ALexander Tucker 1
It's Dexys not Dexy's FFS.
1)Eula Cooper 16
2)Lurker of Chalice 11
2)Destroyer 11
4)Neil Young 8
5)German Oak 7
5)Dexy's Midnight Runners* 7
7)Lair of the Minotaur 6
8)Sonia Ross 5
9)Tokay Lewis 4
9)Franciene Thomas 4
1,8 & 9 are all from the new Eccentric Soul compilation. It's pretty good though not very eccentric.
2) I love the Lurker of Chalice album. It makes the Pyramids album sound much less innovative.
2) After the Rubies thread I listened to Trouble In Dreams because I'm a contrary twat.
4) Time Fades Away
5) Strung out krautrock concept album about WWII. Brilliant.
5) Why the fuck has last.fm wrongly retagged these tracks? So fucking stupid. I'm annoyed at myself for finding it annoying.
7) Still enjoying this album.
That Lurker Of Chalice album
is great, love the buzzing guitar wall bits.
I really want that Pyramids album
Should I go for Lurker of Chalice instead?
Hmm..
The thing is I bought the Pyramids album and enjoyed it, but I had no idea there were other people doing a similar ambient metal(?)thing, which did diminish my enjoyment of Pyramids a bit. The albums aren't really that similar, but I'd say there's more variation in the LoC album. I think it's going to be a late night favourite.
I was massively disappointed by the Pyramids album
there's much better ambient metal stuff out there.
What I've heard I wouldn't call ambient metal
I think it sounds more like a melodic sort of noise. Bit like Fuck Buttons or some earlier Skullflower.
...
It can't be a coincidence that I've also listened to "ROLRING STAAAAAAAA" more than once these past couple of weeks. Anyway...
1 Down I Go 61
2 Georgy Sviridov 43
3 Stealthtones 21
4 YU MIYAKE 15
5 Yu Miyake, Katamari Company Jr. 12
6 Kayo Dot 8
6 Lye By Mistake 8
8 The Red Army Choir 7
8 Radiohead 7
10 Düreforsög 6
10 The Bad Plus 6
10 Youthmovie Soundtrack Strategies 6
10 Oceansize 6
14 Doves 5
14 Elbow 5
Woah it cannot
You might be able to help me with this - there's this similar sounding song which goes 'Blue blue skiiiiiies...blue blue skiiiies, I see!' but it doesn't seem to be on the Daytona soundtrack. I can't remember what it's from. It is bugging me. Argh.
...
I guess it was just hiding from you. It's called 'Sky High'. And it is bringing the lulz right now.
That's my entertainment for the afternoon sorted
such sweet memolies
I think it's the singing
Oops. I think I thought Sky High and Blue Blue Skies were different songs. But they are not. Cheers man.
...
YOU THE MAN NOW, DAWG!
I found this on it the other week:
...sounds like it's being played by Dream Theater or some shit.
...
...and that also led to this:
???
Hmmm
dunno what's going on there. That remix (?) does sound like Dream Theatre. Although at the same time it's unlike Dream Theatre because I am happy it exists.
I put the Youthmovies ep thing on earlier
How did they get so average, having been so great?
...
The simple version: IMHO, For all the 'prog' going on in Good Nature, it's got no actual TUNES. You need something to nod your head to, otherwise it's just a mess. The EPs might sound as if they were recorded in a bin, but at least it was simple and had the odd solid hook.
Hullo
1 Pixies 13
2 The Cancer Conspiracy 11
3 Fly Pan Am 10
4 Felt 9
5 Geiom 8
5 Minor Threat 8
5 Can 8
8 Chrome Hoof 6
9 Galaxie 500 5
9 Sunn O))) 5
11 Gas 4
11 Windy & Carl 4
13 Jello Biafra with the Melvins 3
13 Devo 3
15 William Basinski 2
2 I forgot I had this. I like it.
11 Should have scrobbled more listens again. I cant stop listening to these two. They make exactly the sort of music I like to make/would like to make.
13 An awesome alliance
Best. Thing. Ever.
thats wicked
ive never seen that. But man I'd love to see a Jelvins set.
I think my last.fm is working properly now, it was going bananas last week.
1 Goldfinger 85
2 Rocket from the Crypt 61
3 mclusky 19
4 Andrew W.K. 10
5 NOFX 9
6 Adam & Joe 6
7 Gay for Johnny Depp 5
7 Cadence Weapon 5
9 Hot Snakes 4
9 ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead 4
1 - Saw them live on Friday, they were brilliant.
2 - Can't wait for All Systems Go: 3; that shit's going to rock.
3 - I can't save nothing but world cup drumming.
4 - The WLOLf is pretty good actually.
5 - Stickin' My Eye
I was listening to
a bit of the ol' NOFX a while ago. I used to think almost every song they'd done was brilliant, but now it seems like less than half of them are :( They would probably have a nice greatest hits album though. This song is still my favourite. It's perfect!
:D ah, Monosyllabic Girl.
I take her to university, she says "huh?"
They've got a greatest hits album!
Aw
they've messed that up a bit. Needs more 'take two placebos and call me lame'.
Gonna buy a box of Romilar
1) Secret Chiefs 32
2) Grails 26
3) Dwarves 25
3) ...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead 25
5) Soundgarden 23
6) Harvey Milk 19
7) Oneida 15
8) Thurston Moore 12
9) Minutemen 8
9) Clipse 8
1) Book of M? Book of MMMMM, more like. I love this album already.
2) Relistening to 'Interpretations...' after hearing the new track, which is hella good. You'd like it, mugx3.
3) a) Sorely overlooked band. I haven't listened to Blood, Guts & Pussy in a few years. I think I originally bought it because my puerile teenage mind liked the cover.
5) Ultramega OK, but Louder Than Love Brilliant.
8) Pyschic Hearts is fun. Elegy for all the Dead Rockstars is the best though. On a Thurston related note, I got Everything by Teenage Jesus & the Jerks off emusic after reading the ATP announcement. I had a couple of mp3s which I really liked, but I'm afraid the album bored me stiff. AND THAT'S WHY THEY'RE NOT IN MY CHART.
That Grails thing
I meant to buy it when it came out, but by the time I got there it'd sold out on cd. The LP looks a bit available though...
I like that Dwarves record and it was cool when I saw them play a large chunk of it. The thing is Blag Dahlia said 'yeah, fuck yeah!' between every single song of the set and literally no other words left his lips. And they did a couple of awful rap songs.
The jury's still out on Devendra for me.
1 Sigur Rós 66
2 Devendra Banhart 32
3 Cocteau Twins 27
4 The Mars Volta 24
5 Nirvana 17
6 Tool 16
6 Mono 16
8 Tilly and the Wall 11
9 Alec Empire 10
10 Primal Scream 7
.
1 Tom Waits 120
2 Charles Mingus 38
3 The Fall 37
4 Safetyword 33
5 Neil Young 17
6 My Bloody Valentine 9
7 Fugazi 7
8 Bruce Springsteen 3
8 Richard Hawley 3
1) i really need to find someone else to listen to...
2+3) bought Mingus Ah Um and Hex Enduction hour this week. Both brilliant.
4) safetyword 4 lyfe
...
1) Modest Mouse 86
2) Fugazi 45
3) Archers of Loaf 41
4) The Microphones 23
5) Sufjan Stevens 18
6) Urusei Yatsura 11
7) Pavement 10
7) The Fall 10
9) The Wedding Present 8
10) Tindersticks
The ususal suspects. I'm living in the past.
1 R.E.M. 56
2 UNKLE 20
3 The Roots 12
4 Queens of the Stone Age 11
5 Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds 9
5 Kosheen 9
7 Tricky 8
7 The Velvet Underground 8
9 The KLF 7
1) would have been a lot more if i could scrobble from work
5) I'm not ashamed
7) Knowle West Boy is good
I think I know what you mean
Are you looking forward to the Kemialliset Ystavat/Skaters/etc tour? Only a couple of weeks away now!
excellent
there is a Vodka Soap gig on in Glasgow around the same time so you might get one of those too. Starving Weirdos are playing too. They are supposed to be good.
yyeaaahhh
1 The Microphones 65
2 No Age 15
3 Abe Vigoda 12
4 Bearsuit 9
5 Foals 8
6 Q and Not U 6
6 Mika Miko 6
8 Justice 1
8 Don Caballero 1
1. i just got round to listening to them after having them on my itunes for ages. wwwwwwowowowww.
2. i can't go a week without listening to nouns at least once. god i love no age.
the new mount eerie called lost wisdom is real good
you should get it
ok
1 Hüsker Dü 76
2 TV on the Radio 62
3 PJ Harvey 58
4 Minor Threat 52
5 Mazzy Star 40
6 My Bloody Valentine 35
7 Silver Jews 34
8 Sonic Youth 28
9 Dirty Three 27
9 Sleater-Kinney 27
9 Le Tigre 27
12 Portishead 26
bloody hell that's a fair bit of repeat
What Hüsker was it?
i think I might put Everything Falls Apart on later. Or maybe Land Speed Record.
a mix
between candy apple grey, zen arcade and warehouse:songs and stories. Go for the latter
hello
1 The Hospitals 23
2 Kid Commando 18
3 Psychedelic Horseshit 17
4 Black Lips 15
4 Wives 15
6 No Age 11
7 Whitehouse 10
8 Part Chimp 9
9 Les Georges Leningrad 8
9 Coachwhips 8
i don't know when the fuck i listened to les georges leningrad, but yeah. who remembers kid commando?
I sort of do
I think I saw them in Manchester once. Hth!
haha
i bought their album from vinyl exchange in manchester for like £3 after hearing a couple of mp'3s. my bastard exhousemate sat on the disc though - i managed to track it down on the web and it's a great listen!
Vinyl Exchange
is almost entirely responsible for this room full of crap cds. It's a great shop!
When I was in Manchester my flatmate threw one of my cds out of the window. Also he bought every Bright Eyes album/single/split/promo that ever existed from Vinyl Exchange and played them incessantly. It wasn't cool.
me and my friends used to
get pointless promos from there because they were cheap. also, i got a promo of fantomas' delirium cordia once and the proper release date got delayed - so i had delirium cordia 4 months early! another true but boring vinyl exchange story!
oh boring yes :)
but that sort of thing was exciting at the time. That was before large scale internet leakage. Those were the days (only a few years ago).
I had a few awful cheap ipecac cds that I ended up taking back there. One day they put 'The Maggot' by the Melvins on and I stayed in the shop until it finished. Aaand finally, the bearded guy in there (I think his name is Ray) hates me because I didn't take a poster down properly. He was shouting and everything. Thus endeth my boring VE stories.
last eh femme
1 Boris 15
1 mclusky 15
3 Deerhunter 12
4 LITE 11
5 The Fall 10
6 Faraquet 9
7 Feu Thérèse 7
8 James Yorkston and The Athletes 6
9 Merzbow 5
10 Khanate 4
10 Big Black 4
Not terribly accurate because I've mostly been listening to vinyl while I've been at home this week a lot.
However McLusky and Boris would top any list of anything as far as I'm concerned.
James Yorkston and Merzbow makes for a nice contrast.
hello
1 Ballboy 34
2 Bloc Party 25
3 Hefner 22
4 High Places 15
4 Pixies 15
6 Abe Vigoda 14
6 The Blood Brothers 14
8 Belle and Sebastian 13
9 Les Savy Fav 12
9 The Cribs 12
9 Hot Snakes 12
<3 Hot Snakes
love that.
busy week!
1.Hefner 39
2. No Age 35
3. of Montreal 28
4. Au Revoir Simone 21
5. Leonard Cohen 20
6. Faraquet 17
7. Pony Up! 15
8. Why? 13
9. Pavement 12
10. Wire 11
11. Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark 10
12. Le Tigre 7
12. New England Roses 7
14. Q and Not U 5
15. Life Without Buildings 4
Same ol', same ol'
1 vampire weekend 18
2 blood red shoes 17
2 yeah yeah yeahs 17
4 the libertines 16
4 notorious BIG 16
4 late of the pier 16
4 crookers 16
4 les savy fav 16
9 test icicles 15
9 does it offend you, yeah? 15
9 we are the physics 15
9 the wombats 15
14 missy elliott 14
14 80s matchbox b-line disaster 14
14 B Real, Busta Rhymes, Coolio,
LL Cool J & Method Man 14
14 busta rhymes 14
That B Real, Busta Rhymes etc... song is Hit 'Em High, from that vile Space Jam movie of about 10 years ago. It's a pretty good track, and fits in perfectly with my current love of 90s hip-hop.
Also, I hate myself for quite liking The Wombats after finally giving their album a chance. I assumed I would hate it, but its good clean fun.
life without buildings <3
Similar to last weeks...
1 The Microphones 39
2 Liars 24
3 Times New Viking 18
4 Bon Iver 16
4 The National 16
6 M83 15
7 Joy Division 12
8 Neutral Milk Hotel 8
9 Panda Bear 7
10 Galaxie 500 6
Courtesy of a week spent on Myspace
1 Bloc Party 20
2 The Mountain Goats 13
3 Fujiya & Miyagi 11
4 XX Teens 10
5 Andrew Collins and Richard Herring 4
6 Fighting With Wire 3
6 Thomas Tantrum 3
8 Final Fantasy 2
8 The Walkmen 2
10 Herman Düne 1
My list is really boring
1 The Company 20
2 The Fall 14
3 The Kinks 13
3 Sun City Girls 13
5 The Mystery Meat 12
5 Axemen 12
7 Television Personalities 11
7 Country Teasers 11
7 Nothing People 11
10 Television Ghost 8
1. Ben Wallers solo album of gameboy, rap, electronic, weird noises and other shit. I don't know if it is good or bad.
2. Anyone got that Mark E Smith book that came out recently? Is it good?
3. Lola
4. I wish they would play the Brothers Unconnected tour here.
5. Downbeat garage rock :(
5.
7. Dan Treacy has had a really sad life. I want to see TVP live.
7. Quoting their lyrics can get your thread deleted.
7.
10. I like this LP a lot. The artwork is pretty cool too, recycled from old records.
Will you be able to catch Sic Alps on their UK tour?
What Emeralds where you listening to? I want to get that one which got a really good review in the Wire. I downloaded (and then bought) their split LP with Quintana Roo and can't stop listening to the Emeralds side. Their 12 minute drone is strangely addictive.
It's that Emeralds one yep
Only had it for a day but so far so good! If Sic Alps come to Glasgow I will definitely go but otherwise probably not.
If someone books the Sun City Girls they will come. I'm sure someone on here was trying to book them this summer and they were quite expensive though
voila!
1 Friendly Fires 46
2 Super Tennis 17
3 Left With Pictures 12
3 Late of the Pier 12
3 Sigur Rós 12
6 Lloyd Cole 9
7 Tired Irie 8
8 This Town Needs Guns 4
8 Metro Area 4
8 Röyksopp 4
8 I'm From Barcelona 4
a mixed bag
1 Fujiya & Miyagi 44
2 Pissed Jeans 27
3 Drive Like Jehu 26
4 Sonic Youth 22
5 British Sea Power 11
6 The Faint 10
7 Erase Errata 6
8 Pixies 5
9 Q and Not U 4
9 mclusky 4
if I went deaf ...
... I would still play A Place to Bury Strangers - now that is music you can feel.
1 Cats In Paris 45
2 The Vichy Government 44
3 Laura Marling 38
4 A Place to Bury Strangers 36
5 Vessels 35
6 Deerhunter 32
7 Jaguar Love 31
8 Yo La Tengo 30
9 U2 28
10 The Week That Was 26
1. love those violins
2. One track by ‘The Vichy Government’ has been described as a hard path paved with all kinds of indignities. That sums up my experience of most of the album. In its capacity to excite revulsion it is in a class of its own. Did someone say tunes? I can't get past the words.
8. Yo La Tengo – I only have ‘I Am Not Afraid of You’ – I really must get other albums
...
1 DJ N-Wee 15
2 Videotape 13
3 Elliott Smith 9
4 Rye Rye 3
5 Tom Waits 2
5 The Replacements 2
5 Fugazi 2
8 William 1
8 Archers of Loaf 1
8 Guided by Voices 1
why cant fugazi be more like the ramones
Why would you want that?
Ian MacKaye should sniff some glue and lighten up
apparently
1 Low 32
2 Cap'n Jazz 27
3 Joan of Arc 23
4 Sonic Youth 19
5 The Advantage 15
6 Lovvers 13
7 The Fall 11
7 Wilco 11
9 Lungfish 10
10 Owls 8
10 Polvo 8
12 Ox Scapula 3
13 OXES 2
5 - anyone heard this band? absolute insanity. spencer from hella plays drums. they cover theme tunes/background music from snes games. all the classics from castlevania, contra etc
BOO YA
1Aphex Twin 32
2 Madlib 26
3 Broken Social Scene 12
4 HEALTH 9
5 Cap'n Jazz 7
5 Company Flow 7
7 guardian.co.uk 4
8 The Dodos 3
8 Girl Talk 3
10 The Apes 2
I saw The Advantage in San Francisco.
They were absolutely amazing. Most of the crowd was made up of proper comedy style nerds. I had no idea people like that really existed. The requests that they were shouting were hilarious "Bomberman lv.II!".
these
1 Idlewild 77
2 Dead Kennedys 19
3 mclusky 17
4 The Steal 14
5 Kimya Dawson 13
6 Sigur Rós 11
7 Metallica 10
7 The Evens 10
9 R.E.M. 7
9 This Bike Is a Pipe Bomb 7Vasaria Raven Sky Lyrics
sponsored links
How long is forever?
I used to gaze up towards you, raven sky
Midnight clouds they gently sailed above
Serenity in your soothing mother's will,
Eternally an inspiration to me
But up above my head
There is a storm and lightning is everywhere
Raven Sky
It's not like before and I wonder why
And the pain t lingered on and on
An agony that you didn't understand
But I tried to endure, to withstand
You know I tried, I tried the best I can
[Chorus]
Why?
I wonder why it's not like before
[Chorus]
Now alone I gaze at the full moon
And there is death in the cold night air
Once again as they do, our paths cross
From constraint I liberate... the deed consoles
And the pain it lingers on and on
And on and on...
Vasaria Track Listing
CD 1
1 Faith Renounced
2 The Lamentation
3 Raven Sky
4 Abduction
5 Luna
6 Ugly as Sin
7 Corpse by Day
8 Predestined Horror
9 Adversary
10 Most Precious Blood
CD 1[Trent Mick] > ... > Tim, a question: Before, the float_hash algorithm that we were > discussing did the frexp-and-32-bits-at-a-time reduction magic to > the fractpart of the float and then you identified that the same > needed to be done to the intpart. > Instead of doing this twice, I just applied the reduction to > whole double (fractpart+intpart). I don't see any error in doing that. > Do you? As well, is there some hashing benefit that is lost by > my doing the reduction only once? No, no problem, looks good! The simplification makes up for the extra cost of the function call, too <wink>.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (22)
Publication Year
1990
2017
- This year (14)
- Last 5 years (31)
- Last 10 years (36)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- anti-PD-1 blockade in patients with treatment-refractory solid tumors and to preliminarily assess antitumor activity, pharmacodynamics, and immunologic correlates. … (More)
-… (More)
- Evan J. Lipson, William Howard Sharfman, +10 authors Suzanne Louise Topalian
- Clinical cancer research : an official journal of…
- 2013
PURPOSE Results from the first-in-human phase I trial of the anti-programmed death-1 (PD-1) antibody BMS-936558 in patients with treatment-refractory solid tumors, including safety, tolerability, pharmacodynamics, and immunologic correlates, have been previously reported. Here, we provide long-term follow-up on three patients from that trial who sustained… (More)
- Peter Hersey, Jeffrey A. Sosman, +9 authors John Munn Kirkwood
- Cancer
- 2010
BACKGROUND The alpha (v) beta (3) (alpha(v)beta(3))… (More)
- Paul Nghiem, Shailender Bhatia, +28 authors Martin A. Cheever
- The New England journal of medicine
- 2016
BACKGROUND… (More)
- Svetomir N. Markovic, Susan Michelle Geyer, +8 authors Charles E Erlichman
- Cancer
- 2005… (More)
- S Morteza Farasat, Siegrid S Yu, +15 authors Nanette J. Liegeois
- Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology
- 2011
BACKGROUND… (More)
- Valsamo Anagnostou, Kellie N Smith, +26 authors Victor E. Velculescu
- Cancer discovery
- 2017… (More)
- Douglas B. Johnson, Keith T. Flaherty, +24 authors Rene C. Gonzalez
- Journal of clinical oncology : official journal…
- 2014
PURPOSE. PATIENTS AND… (More)
- Jarushka Naidoo, Laura C. Cappelli, +13 authors Julie Renee Brahmer
- The oncologist
- 2017
Immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) targeting cytotoxic Tlymphocyte associated protein-4 (CTLA-4), programmed cell death protein-1 (PD-1), and its ligand PD-L1, are established cancer immunotherapies for solid tumor and hematologic malignancies [1–10]. At present, ipilimumab, nivolumab, pembrolizumab, and the ipilimumab/nivolumab combination are U.S. Food… (More)AMONG the pieces of legislation prime minister Peter O’Neill is contemplating introducing at the next sitting of parliament in a few weeks is the much desired and talked about corruption watchdog, the Independent Commission against Corruption - ICAC.
Given the deteriorating amount of corruption in this country, particularly worsening white collar crime, legislation to fight fraud, theft and bribery should be a paramount responsibility of any government.
While Mr O’Neill has announced he will table an ICAC bill in parliament (a promise made many times before), it does raise questions about his motives.
This is especially so given his failure to adequately deal with corruption in the past, his own reluctance to be called to account over police matters involving himself, and his disrespect for corruption fighting and law enforcement agencies that venture too close to his office.
The ICAC bill, as I mentioned, is no new idea that Peter O’Neill or his government have just conceived. It’s has been around a long time and the necessary legislative changes were passed by parliament under the previous O’Neill government.
But the tabling and passing of the actual ICAC Bill was stalled by the same government.
And there were serious questions raised about the integrity of the bill, particularly the inclusion of the office of the prime minister in the proposed commission.
In the eyes of many learned people, this would compromise the independence of the commission.
When all this was being worked on, Mr O’Neill’s ruling coalition had a comfortable majority of over 100 members in the 111 member parliament – easily exceeding the two-thirds majority of 74 required for passing such a bill.
If Mr O’Neill was serious about fighting corruption, he could have allowed the changes to guarantee the independence and transparency of the commission and proceeded with the establishment of ICAC.
But he did not. He stalled the process. Stopped it stone dead. There was only one conclusion that could be reached.
Peter O’Neill and his government were not serious about fighting corruption.
Nothing illustrated this more than his vindictive destruction Investigative Task Force Sweep; a corruption fighting entity he established when first elected in 2012 and which, under Sam Koim’s leadership, developed into a very effective corruption-busting entity.
The similarly effective police fraud squad was also given the O’Neill treatment, with divisive and damaging effects that continue to affect the personnel and operations of the police force.
The message seemed to be: if you get to close to O’Neill; you’ll be done away with.
In this new parliament, Mr O’Neill knows full well that his government does not have the two-thirds majority to successfully pass the ICAC bill.
So what is Peter O’Neill trying to prove in saying, once again, that the ICAC bill will go before parliament?
To me, it is a psychological game that will have no tangible outcome.
Like a carrot on a stick, ICAC will always dangle just out of reach of the donkey.
If Mr O’Neill is genuine about fighting corruption in Papua New Guinea, there is a simple way in which he can demonstrate this to the people and to our international friends.
He can humbly comply with the national court ruling and surrender himself to police for questioning on the alleged corrupt practices he has been implicated with.
Mr O’Neill and police commissioner Gary Baki must allow the law of the land to take its course without further interference from them in the course of justice.
Only then will the people of Papua New Guinea have trust in O’Neill and appreciate his authenticity. And surely, at that point, a suspicious opposition will support an ICAC bill.
The original ICAC bill had been manipulated to ensure O'Neill remains untouched.
The opposition has enough quality personnel and numbers to avert any attempt to pass the bill. Good analysis bro.
Posted by: Mathias Kin | 11 August 2017 at 10:14 AM
O'Neill step down?
Is that a winged pig I see?
ICAC will be exactly what it sounds like, gagged and gagging on vomit.
Posted by: Michael Dom | 10 August 2017 at 01:04 PM
O'Neill has to lead by example by humbly surrendering himself to the fraud squad for questioning. Otherwise who will trust him?
Posted by: Francis Nii | 10 August 2017 at 09:57 AM
I notice O'Neill has appointed first time MP, Jelta Wong, a young inexperienced fellow, as the Minister of Police. He will be working with Gary Baki, the old guy, with all the experience.
What little chance has Jelta got of getting Gary Baki to stand up to O'Neill and get him to face the courts over the Paraka Affair allegation. Probably, none.
But until O'Neill is willing to step down and allow himself to face judgement over the "letter" which is alleged to reveal his guilt in the Paraka Affair, how can anyone trust him?
Posted by: Barbara Short | 10 August 2017 at 08:27 AMTop 9 Plane Crashes Caught on Camera!
DRONE JUMP VIDEO Latvia: The first man to launch from a drone. The event was organized by Aerones, a Latino company that aims to build drones to be used in relief to save lives. The […]
Incident: LAM B737 at Tete on Jan 5th 2017, collision with a drone A LAM Linhas Aereas de Mocambique Boeing 737-700, registration C9-BAQ performing flight TM-136 from Maputo to Tete (Mozambique) with 80 passengers and […]
Plane Crash Air Crash Flight Crash C 130 Hercules Landing Gear Trends India This video shows yet again that the 150, 000 pound C-130 needs a softer landing gear–either tracks or an Air Cushion Landing […]
Copyright © 2018 | Hobby Team | Network: "hobby.team" - "hobby-team.com" | Contact us“The notion that we can go to college for four years and then spend that knowledge for the next 30 is over,” Thomas Friedman announced in yesterday’s New York Times. “If you want to be a lifelong employee anywhere today, you have to be a lifelong learner.” He’s right on both counts. The returns students can expect from their bachelor’s degrees have been shrinking, and every worker out there needs to constantly pick up new skills in order to compete in the workforce long-term.
Then Friedman writes, “And that means: More is now on you. And that means self-motivation to learn and keep learning becomes the most important life skill.” (His patronizing italics.) The gist of the column, whose insurance-brochure headline is “Owning Your Own Future,” is that too few young professionals are ready to do that.
But there’s no crisis in “self-motivation.” There is, however, a shortage of resources and opportunities—disproportionately facing women, people of color, young people, and people without advanced degrees, among others—to learn enough marketable skills fast enough to get paid fairly for them. And Friedman’s brand of libertarian scolding isn’t helping.
It might be easy to imagine that every college student in the U.S. is a beneficiary of the kind of privilege that puts them vastly out of touch with everyone else in the country who’s trying to earn a living on a high school diploma or less. But go stand in the middle of a college quad or on the floor of a struggling manufacturing plant and declare that “having an agile learning mind-set will be the new skill set of the 21st century” (Friedman’s quoting an “education-to-work expert” here), and see what kind of response you get. I’ll bet they’d be identically unkind.
He’s right to assert that the workplace is rapidly changing, perhaps even more rapidly than in generations past. He’s also right that staying set in your ways won’t keep you competitive, and that you can’t secure a career’s worth of training in four years of college. Nor is it news to actual mechanics that “if you’re getting a degree in auto mechanics at a community college today, it’s not to be a ‘grease monkey.’ It’s to be a repairman for a computer with wheels.”
Young people entering the workforce have understood this kind of thing for years. Decades before the first Tesla was a twinkle in Elon Musk’s eye, parents were haughtily informing their teenage kids that they’d hold many different jobs over the course of their careers, some of which hadn’t been invented yet. This has long earned eye rolls—not out of disbelief, but out of sheer obviousness.
Informing the American workforce that “More is now on you” isn’t just unhelpful, it’s also grossly unfair. Plenty of employers don’t need or want workers to learn so many new skills that they outgrow their roles, and many others don’t offer the time or resources for additional job training—let alone raises and promotions to those who find their own ways to “skill up.” It isn’t individuals who’ve failed to keep up with the times. (“Some are up for that, some not,” Friedman sniffs.) It’s the government and employers that have yet to adapt to the realities of the modern workplace.
Had they done so, the pay gaps by both race and gender would be footnotes in history (both are alive and well), employment discrimination wouldn’t exist (companies are still struggling with diversity as Trump rolls back protections), real wages wouldn’t be stagnating (as they have for four decades), automation would be making room for all kinds of new and exciting skills-training opportunities (that’s possible but barely happening), American millennials wouldn’t be unemployed at three times the overall rate (which they are), and no one would be talking seriously about the need for a universal basic income (like Musk is).
This month, the class of 2017 is graduating into a much healthier job market than their peers did in the depths of the financial crisis a decade ago. But as Fast Company‘s Lydia Dishman points out, “2007’s economy is a pretty low bar.” Despite their gobs of student loan debt and the fact that they’ll be competing for work with a cohort of which the majority is underemployed, gen-Z job seekers remain amazingly optimistic about their career prospects.
So does Friedman, more or less. With just a little more willingness to learn, and maybe an assist from Khan Academy, he suggests that the next generation of employees—college grads and otherwise—won’t just wind up with happy, prosperous careers. They’ll also stop electing proto-authoritarians and start voting for “leaders who inspire and equip their citizens to be strong people who can own their own futures.”
Gen-Z, you’ll have to get back to Friedman on that one. You’re about to discover just how far your “agile learning mind-set” and the sheer force of optimism will take you. Good luck out there
[Source”timesofindia”]MOUNTAINFILM On Tour.
PROGRAMME
Introduction
La Langosta (2 mins), Ascend (6 mins), John Shocklee: a fairy tale (7 mins), Das Fischer (9 mins), HAFE: The Story Behind (6 mins), Where the Wild Things Play (4 mins)
Interval
Dawn to Dusk (2 mins), Denali's Raven (9 mins), The Last Honey Hunter (with Q&A) (20 mins), Owl Dance Off Part II (2 mins)Bushmeat consumption persists in urban areas in the Neotropics, yet knowledge of its scale and the relative importance of cultural and economic factors in determining consumption and preference remain elusive. Moreover, the roles of cultural beliefs, social norms, and attitudes in driving urban bushmeat consumption are rarely evaluated. Therefore, we explored in this article the factors that influence consumption and preference for bushmeat in Amazonian towns. Given the availability of other sources of animal protein and the cultural and social importance of bushmeat in the region, we hypothesized that cultural attributes should be better predictors than economic factors of bushmeat consumption and preference. Data analysis involved fitting two-level mixed-effects regressions (random intercepts) to a structured sample of 227 individuals (99 households) from four towns in the Brazilian (Tabatinga and Atalaia do Norte) and Colombian (Leticia and Puerto Nariño) Amazon. The results indicate that a third of the interviewees had consumed bushmeat in the past month, which had primarily been harvested by the family or received as a gift rather than obtained through trade. In general, both economic and cultural factors predicted bushmeat consumption and preference, but the objective proxy for culture, individual origin, was unimportant. Among the tested indicators, the strongest predictor was the importance of bushmeat to social relations. Moreover, informal social norms, such as the greater importance attributed to taboos, tended to decrease the average number of wild species that a person would eat, whereas attitudes toward the illegality of hunting were less important. The two economic indicators, increased income and wealth, tended to decrease preference for bushmeat and the likelihood of consumption. Our findings highlight the importance of human beliefs, attitudes, and social norms to the understanding of bushmeat consumption and preference and may contribute to the design of more effective and locally appropriate conservation and management strategies.
Topic: bushmeat, hunting, income, social interaction
Geographic: Brazil,Colombia
Publication Year: 2015
ISSN: 1708-3087
Source: Ecology and Society 20(4): 21
DOI: 10.5751/ES-07771-200421
Altmetric score:Quote
Charles (Upstate NY)
As already confirmed even the very slight shift in frequencies on FBS result in a few points difference in target ID. I have another brand machine, with one coil I can switch between 14.4 kHz, 28.8 kHz, and 54 kHz and the shift in target ID's across those frequencies is HUGE. The higher frequencies cram the targets together towards the top of the 0-99 range. A silver dime in Fine condition reads 87, 93, 96 at those three frequencies. A nickel reads 57, 72, 83. At the higher frequencies when targets start jumping around in ID due to depth you really don't know what you are digging.The death of an elderly man in his luxury Manhattan apartment nearly three years ago has been ruled a homicide, cops said Thursday.
The wife of 71-year-old Charles Robinson found him unconscious in their penthouse apartment on East 48th Street near Third Avenue in Turtle Bay at about 7:30 p.m. on Feb. 28, 2015, police said.
First responders rushed him to NYU Langone Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead.
Robinson had a gash on the rear of his head and his right eye, cops said. The city Medical Examiner’s Office ruled last week that he died of blunt-force trauma.
It wasn’t clear Thursday exactly how he was killed.
Robinson’s wife, Maralyn, was distraught when The Post contacted her and mentioned the homicide ruling.
“I’m so shocked, totally in shock,” she said.
Robinson had also suffered from medical issues, frequently fell and was addicted to his medication, according to police.Acne Medication Prescription Topical – Using MetroGel And Other Products To Treat Acne
Filed under Acne Medication
There are several types of acne, and one of the worst of them is acne rosacea. It is so because it is a recurring skin disease that never quite goes away. Instead, it inflames your cheeks, forehead and nose with blood and infection that causes red patches all over your face.
You may have observed that the disease is most common in fair skinned people, but yet the cause of acne rosacea is not exactly known. What is known of it is mostly that it is related to malassezia furfur or dandruff in some way. Thankfully, the cure for the disease is known, and has been in use for years. As a matter of fact, it is being improved upon all the time.
Herbal treatment for acne rosacea has been tried over time, but few people can lay claims on the fact that they were able to cure the condition that way. However, it has been treated for a long time by tetracycline therapy. The problem with this is that it is rife with side effects, and that it takes too long to yield results. Again when the disease does relapse, as it often does, it is usually more severe and harder to treat.
Improving upon the standard long-term therapy with tetracycline, acne rosacea can now be practically erased by using a new product from Curatek Pharmaceuticals. You may have heard of it; it is called MetroGel. All you need to do is apply the gel on the infected skin and you will be cured within little or no time. Even the very worst conditions were known to have been totally cured within six months of the beginning of the treatment, but average patients like you and I can be through with it within four to six weeks.
Added to that, you want to treat your dandruffs to make sure that they never cause a relapse. In this instance, various herbal treatments work that will see to is that you never suffer from the flaking off of your scalp in excessive amounts again. Since it is clearly related to the amounts of oils that are in your system, you will do well to regulate that also. You may begin to consume only oils that are plant or water based.
Yeah, acne rosacea does have a knack for relapsing from time to time. When that happens, what you have to do is reapply the treatment that you already have for it. Before long, you will find again that the red patches on your skin are gone.
I suppose it’s time to hit the drugstore now and get a tube of your own MetroGel.These two creations are from the "Flower Children" Collection at Nicecrane Designs. Ignacio has such a WIDE VARIETY of images ... I'm sure you'll find something you'll love creating with ... be sure to check out his store.
(click on images to enlarge)
Don't these adorable Flower Children make you smile! This is only one of several images I'll be playing with over the next few days. I can't wait to share the others with you! If you have ANY QUESTIONS of items used in the making of these cards, please just leave me a comment and I'll get back to you a.s.a.p.
OH and before I forget ... Ignacio is also looking for a few new designers to showcase his images. If you are interested, leave me a comment with your email address and I will get back to you with the details.
* * * * *
Next is a fun & easy creation using the 'Rainy Day Friends' digi image from *Wink *Wink Ink. Melanie has been having some health issue recently and has been unable to create new images but I'm sure glad I had these cuties in my stash to create today's card! Please keep Melanie in your prayers & happy thoughts for happier, healthier days ahead.
(click on image to enlarge)
Melanie also has a wide selection of adorable images you'll just love to create with. If you've not been to her website, NOW'S THE TIME to check it out and get started with those happy springtime, Easter creations you know you'll need soon!
EDITED TO ADD ONE MORE *Wink *Wink Ink Creation ...
After finishing my blog posting, I turned around and this little guy was sitting on my worktable just begging to be colored & created with so here's what I came up with. A friend today showed me how to use the Martha Stewart Garden Gate punch to punch out the top & bottom of my card front ... leaving a solid panel in the center. So I added another strip of scrap dp I had laying on the table, used the scrap butterfly border punch I had laying there and popped this cute 'Pup In Boots' image in the center. The purple background is actually on the 'inside' of the card.
Thanks so much for stopping and I wish you all a WONDERFUL WEEKEND!!
Thanks so much for stopping and I wish you all a WONDERFUL WEEKEND!!
Hugs,
Darlene (Department of Transportation) and finally customs clearance through US customs and Border Protection.
There’s one more step that car importers in USA have to go through is the Smog Check if you are importing a vehicle that runs on fuel such as Diesel or Petrol. For Electric cars you don’t need to go through Smog Check.
When importing a vehicle to USA you should go through the rules and regulations that are very specific related to emission, safety and bumper design. In most cases the first time car importers in USA find themselves overwhelmed going through these rules and trying to comply with them. In such cases a customs clearance agent in USA is the one you should get in touch with.
A licensed customs broker has the knowledge and license to get your cars through the US customs complying with all the required rules around emission, design and safety.
Steps that Car importers in USA have to go through for importing vehicles to USA:
Step 1) Get clearances from EPA (Environmental Protection Agency) – Meeting the strict rules around emission can be difficult based on the origin of your vehicle. The US has the toughest norms in the world when it comes to pollution and emissions from vehicles. The EPA has outlined all the guidelines for the car importers in USA.
Car importers have to fill out the Form 3250-1 with the detail related to the vehicle’s VIN, manufacturer date and other details.
Smog Check is also needed in case you are importing a vehicle that runs on fuel such as Petrol or Diesel and in case you are importing an electric vehicle then you are exempt from Smog Check.
Step 2) Get Clearances from NHTSA (The National Highway Traffic Administration) – When importing vehicle to USA you need to ensure that your vehicle or Car meets the federal motor vehicle safety standards.
For Car importers in USA that are importing vehicles from other countries except Canada need to fill out the Form for the safety standards declaration. If you are importing vehicle to USA from other countries except Canada then check the FAQ section of NHTSA website can be very helpful.
Step 3) Get Customs Clearance from the US Customs and Border Protection – Not just car importers in USA but all importers consult with a customs clearance agent to import products and goods to USA because he or she has license and is authorized to act on your behalf when dealing with the Customs and Border Protection and other federal agencies.
A licensed customs broker in USA can be very helpful in getting your vehicles through the US customs on time without any penalties or delays. If you are importing a car to USA then going through these instructions on the US customs and border protection website can be very helpful to you.
I help car importers in USA everyday to get through customs and comply with rules and regulations around emissions and safety standards. You can call me or fill out the Contact Us form and I’ll get back to you. Free Consultation is always available!
Glenn L. Lobas – Licensed Customs Broker, Maryland, USA
Experience & Track Record – Over 30 years handling customs clearance and documentation for small and large importers in the United States, Canada and UK.FULL-TIME or PART-TIME ASSOCIATE VETERINARIAN. We are an American AnimalHi guys! This is my first blog in a long time... I have been so busy lately but I made time to paint some fun union jacks on my toe nails for the queens diamond jubilee celebration. I hope you like :) (and I'm sorry for the low quality photo, I'm using my mobile for this blog so I'm not too sure how the layout etc will look too).
Hopefully I'll get my act together and my next blog won't be as long a wait.
X x x
Femoroacetabular cup impingement (FACI), defined as the presence of a bony spur or indentation at the femoral neck corresponding to the abutment site of metallic cup, was observed in 9 (11%) of the 84 hips with contemporary resurfacing arthroplasty of the hip. All FACIs occurred in men after a mean of 14 months (range, 8-24 months) postoperatively. Five patients had persistent groin pain if the hip was moved into flexion, abduction, and external rotation. One patient sustained a late-onset fracture through the femoral neck already weakened by postoperative change of osteonecrosis. Mean postoperative Harris hip score in the FACI group was poorer than that in the non-FACI group (P = .003). Multiple logistic regression analysis showed a significant association of FACI with a low acetabular cup inclination (odds ratio, 1.42; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.99; P = .046) and a high cup uncoverage ratio (odds ratio, 1.36; 95% confidence interval, 1.01-1.84; P = .045).
PubMed ID: 21419593
MEDLINE is the source for the citation and abstract for this recordBloodstone Skull
Gunthar
Introduction
Gunthar is one of the seven settlements in the Barony of Gaal. Whereas the other settlements are stark and functional, Gunthar is slightly more pleasing to the eye. This is mainly due to the efforts of its ruler, Lord Bruathar K’tash. Lord K’tash has a vein streak, and has spent a lot of money to beautify the village. Most impressive of these improvements, is the church of Tiamat, an ornate temple, much bigger than one would expect to find in such a small village.
Demographics
Gunthar houses approximately 900 permanent residents.
Notable people
Bruathar K’tash
Hildir Thorbergson
Anwend Fidgitglod
Gelandir Felvijk
Nandes Hilverson
VSU has a rich and diverse program of study abroad programs, opportunities, and related activities. For details check with Irina McClellan at 229-333-7410.
- European Council, Asia Council and other Area Councils programs
In the Academic 2016/17, including Summer 2017, over 170
- 01 MarSpring 2018 Midterm12:00 am - 11:00 pm
- 08 MarWithdrawal Deadline for Fullterm Courses12:00 am - 11:59 pm
- 12 MarSpring Break12:00 am - 11:00 pm!”
Agency of Ag Awards Farm to School Grants to 13 Schools, Representing 10 Vermont Counties
Working Lands Enterprise Board Announces Program Impacts on Vermont’s Economy and Communities
Vermont Agency of Agriculture to host Farm to School Awareness Celebration and announce 2017 farm to school grant recipients on Wednesday, February 8, from 4:00 –6:00 PM.
Ali Zipparo
Agency of Agriculture, Food & Markets
802-505-1822
Alexandra.Zipparo@vermont.gov
MEDIA ALERT
Farm to school has a positive impact on Vermont’s economy! New research released by Ag Agency
Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food & Markets Announces Grant Funds to Enhance the Competitiveness of Vermont Specialty Crops
Kristina Sweet
Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food & Markets
kristina.sweet@vermont.gov
(802) 522-7811
Agency to award approximately $200,000 in Specialty Crop Block Grant Program funds in 2017
Under New Leadership, VT Agency of Ag Launches Statewide Listening Tour for February
Under New Leadership, VT Agency of Ag Launches Statewide Listening Tour for February
Alison Kosakowski
Director of Communications & Policy
Vermont Agency of Agriculture, Food, & Markets
802-272-4547
Alison.Kosakowski@Vermont.Gov
Farmers are Invited to Share Ideas and FeedbackSeparate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'User Submitted News' started by Feels Good Man, May 5, 2010.
Site
HAWX 1 was mediocre.
You forgot to mention the wonderful DRM...
Cool to see it on Wii, hopefully they don't dumb down the controls and graphics too much.
Never played the first one, but I've always been fascinated by flying.
True, we need a high graphics simulator... Im tired of playing flight simulator...Burnt suitcase victim identified
Say it with a sting.....
August 08 2009 at 12:04PM
The torso found in a burning suitcase was identified as a teenager from Cape Town, top cop Piet Byleveld said on Saturday.
"She was a minor and that's why the case is so sensitive," he told Sapa.
The family were still grieving.
The 16-year-old girl was brutally murdered on July 4 and her torso was found in a burning suitcase in Sunnyside, Pretoria.
'I can't comment on that because it's too sensitive'
Her dismembered arms and legs were found a day later in a rubbish bin.
Police had been searching for the head and Byleveld was unable to say whether it had been found.
"I can't comment on that because it's too sensitive," he said.
He also did not comment on media speculation that the girl may have been caught up in a prostitution ring. Its been just over a month since the murder and Byleveld confirmed that no arrests had been made.
"I am following some leads."
In mid-July, three people were taken in for questioning but later released.
At the time, police said there was a possibility they might become state witnesses.
Byleveld was instrumental in solving the Sheldean Human and Leigh Matthews murder
cases. - Sapa
Piet Byleveld is known for not being very factual, at times!
Is he waiting for the dominoes to fall into place!
We would speculate that the girl was caught up in drugs (Sunnyside Pretoria) and her
merchant got pissed off when she could not deliver and killed her.
There are similar cases on record in Johannesburg. Check on Cheeky and Mark Francis!
It was probably a hit for being disrespectful.
Nigerians are known for selling children to other pimps!
Labels: Top cop clueless.
1 Comments:
Almost two months later and Piet Byleveld is not forthcoming with a name!
Empty promises are not good for a mans reputation!
Links to this post:
Create a LinkSex chat St louis wi
Web cam fun m4w Watching porn not to mention stroking my hard cock searching for a woman who wants to watch me snazzy jerk sex chat St louis wi off on cam. Must have cam and so i can watch ough too. Dont ought to show ur have to deal with if u dont wish to. Age race and size not fundamental. looking only until 1230 tonite. Let me shoot a decent load for u to see. Hope to
look at u soon.
Liven up my evening? Sex chat St louis wi, hookers Mission Beach Siracusa.
Hot Mexican Mamasita single home hairy pussy women in San jose ks only.
Response to “Sex chat St louis wi”
I STILL LIKE YOU "J" w4m OK, here's the deal: I don't give out granny sex Gettysburg personal info concerningor concerning any public forum for that matter.... If you think you are the "J" I'm talking about, then tell me where we first met in person. So far I have received emails because of 5 different guys asking if they are "J". If and when the correct "J" shows up forward, I will let you know. Until then, you know who you are "J" and I actually do LIKE you.hot personals seeking chat with sluts
amor Is that wrong to really want love. is there even someone on the market that can really enjoy. I am trying to date a guy who will be well built together with tall. i want someone that the vital thing they ask a woman is wanna get out on a date and it is an actual go out with. And hopefully carry on dating for Leverkusen whores an extended time. If you think you will be theanswer my post that has a picture.small fun time
sick and tired of the games Sick and tired of the games here is a real lady into my life not just a looking for fun Syracuse New York little girl. I am the swm seeking a sf race is not going to matter. I feel 6'1" 190 tatted away! your pic
can get mine.The Demon Barbers XL, Disco at the Tavern Tour, South Holland Centre, Spalding
The most cast-iron certainty on South Holland Centre’s calendar of events this year was that The Demons Barbers XL would rock.
But this reviewer was almost guilty of overstating just how dynamic, inventive and electrifying a show Damien Barber and his troupe of musicians, clog and street dancers would serve up.
However, there was to be no disappointment as an audience of all ages allowed themselves to be caught up in a flood of folk freedom that had South Holland Centre bouncing in a way not seen since soul diva Ruby Turner in February 2014.
Before the show, Damien said: “We’re really chuffed that it’s sold so well which is weird because we’re all very traditional in our outlook.
“I started out in 1989 when I was 18 and ever since then, I’ve been trying to raise the profile of traditional English folk music by taking a very modern approach and bringing in people from outside the folk scene.
The Demon Barbers XL who predictably brought the house down with its "Disco at the Tavern" show at South Holland Centre on Friday.
“For me, folk music is all about making people sit up and listen and whilst I never wanted my music to challenging, I realise that not everyone is going to like it.”
The two-hour Disco at the Tavern show was supposed to break the folk fans of Spalding into a world of high-energy, no-holds-barred folk without boundaries.
But in the end, The Demon Barbers XL easily exceeded expectations under the charismatic leadership of Damien, alongside melodeon (small accordian) player Will Hampson and fiddle expert Bryony Griffith.
Damien said: “If you create music that everybody likes, then you’re doing something wrong.
For me, folk music is all about making people sit up and listen and if you create music that everybody likes, then you’re doing something wrongDamien Barber, The Demon Barbers XL
“But what happened with folk music, particularly in England, was that it was on the cusp of disappearing completely.
“In Scotland and Ireland, folk music disappeared from lots of people’s lives until the folk revival happened.
“There a lot more people doing it now and it can now move on in more authentic ways.”
Despite the size of the venue putting constraints on the size of Damien’s travelling army of dancers and musicians, the show still proved capable of unleashing a torrent of verve and vibe in “The Heart of the Fens”.
But no one cared as songs like The Bonny Labouring Boy, The Huntsmen of Bromsgrove, The Chemical Workers’ Song and Friend of the Devil (originally recorded by The Grateful Dead) left Spalding shaken from the sheer velocity of The Demon Barbers XL.
Damien said: “The music itself has already been done in the 1970s and 1980s, so it’s not particularly new.
“But we try to avoid the typical folk-rock style by working with hip hop dancers and break dancers to create a more festival vibe.
“It’s been really successful and we’ve had a lot of support from dance teams across the UK.”
At the end of Friday’s concert, enthusiastic fans of The Demon Barbers XL snapped up copies of the group’s latest album, Disco at the Tavern, which Damien and other band members stayed around to sign.
Some of the audience may have come to the show on the strength of The Demon Barbers XL’s success at the 2009 BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards where it was named “Best Live Act”.
Damien said: “In terms of promotion and giving the band some credibility, the award is something we can use.
“But the real turning point for us was the introduction of hip hop and street dancers who bring a lot of interesting and new ideas which we can incorporate into our shows.
“Before that, our shows used to be made up of a group of clog, morris and sword dancers.
“We’re going to carry on doing what we’re doing, generating enough interest in our work to be able to tour with a new project every year.
“If we can continue appearing at medium-sized venues like the South Holland Centre, and producing interesting shows, we could attract that next level of expertise which will enable us to take the shows to another type of audience.
Review and interview by Winston Brown«Advice» or «advise»? «Farther» or «further»? «Principal» or «principle»? Легко перепутать слова, которые звучат, пишутся и означают примерно одно и то же. Давайте проясним некоторые ситуации.
Даже самый образованный «Native Speaker» не может избежать конфуза.
Посмотрите на эти предложения и догадайтесь, какое слово из двух не подходит.
- She worked harder (than, then) she had ever worked before.
- If I had known your number, I would (have, of) called.
- The bingo game has (all ready, already) started.
- (Whose, Who’s) shorts are hanging from the flagpole?
- Justin has (alot, a lot) of problems.
- The program changes will not (affect, effect) you.
- What is your (principal, principle) reason for moving to Chicago?
- (Whose, Who’s) hiding in your closet?
- Last year Becky (lead, led) the league in goals.
- Get your facts first, and (than, then) you can distort them as much as you please.
- The (affects, effects) of climate change are already appearing in places from Miami to Alaska.
- There cannot be a crisis next week: my schedule is (all ready, already) full.
- Computers are being called on to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework (formally, formerly) eaten by the dog.
- Kate (implied, inferred) that she had a good alibi, but Jack (implied, inferred) otherwise from her nervous behavior.
- Critics are predicting that the TV series CSI won’t last much longer because (fewer, less) people are watching it these (days, daze).
Ответы ищите ниже.
- than
- have
- already
- Whose
- a lot
- affect
- principal
- Who’s
- led
- then
- effects
- already
- formerly
- implied; inferred
- fewer; days
- device; your
- conscious; too; to
- Quiet; proceeded
- there; may be
- loose; have
Сколько у вас правильных ответов?
Оставьте первый комментарий для "Как не перепутать директора с его принципами."Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Year
2006
2017
- This year (1)
- Last 5 years (1)
- Last 10 years (2)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Kai-yu Wu, Yan-Ming Fu, Shi-Jie Xie
- 2006 6th World Congress on Intelligent Control…
- 2006
This paper deals with the robust stabilizability and H<sub>infin </sub> disturbance attenuation for a class of uncertain descriptor time-delay systems with jumping parameters. The transition of the jumping parameters in the systems is governed by a finite-state Markov process. A sufficient condition on robust stabilizability is established based on the… (More)
- Shiwang Cheng, Shi-Jie Xie, +8 authors Alexei P Sokolov
- ACS nano
- 2017
Polymer nanocomposites (PNCs) are important materials that are widely used in many current technologies and potentially have broader applications in the future due to their excellent property tunability, light weight, and low cost. However, expanding the limits in property enhancement remains a fundamental scientific challenge. Here, we demonstrate that… (More)
- Da-Wei Kang, Zhen Qu, Hong Jiang, Shi-Jie Xie
- Physical chemistry chemical physics : PCCP
- 2010
Quantum spin-dependent transport in a ferromagnetic(FM)/DNA/ferromagnetic(FM) device is theoretically investigated based on the lattice Green function method and the Landauer-Büttiker theory. The effect of a transverse electric field on magnetoresistance (MR) of the device is investigated. It is predicted that either the direction or strength of the… (More)ZYSKANDAR JAIMOT
Zyskandar Jaimot's poetry is widely published in the United States and in Europe. His work is
also featured on The Hyper Texts ().
CONTENTS
The Whales Sonata Just a Man and His Dog The Nutritive and Therapeutic Uses of
the Banana At the Brain Injury Rehabilitation Center of Sand Lake Hospital... Another
Smith in 507 Nursing Majors, Minors in Drama Substance of the Image Test of
Faith In the clinics of the poor...
THE WHALES SONATA
(Kenneth Frazelle's sonata for cello and piano as performed by YoYo Ma
and Jeffrey Kahana at the Zeiterion Theater, New Medford Massachusetts,
Friday evening, September 15, 1989)
Just as harpooneers poised for a stanza
their arms tattooed with multicolored swirls of narrative
listened in secret for runs and cadenzas
that would mark passages from creatures
of the polyphonal sea. We wait
for the striking of the ivory keys
followed by the plucked notes
of the cello master.
Practiced agile hands cause wood and string
to vibrate. Each player linked together
by chords of past and future.
Which wrap us in splendid sound.
We hear phrases that become forged barbs
hurled deep into the mind of public fantasy
which seeps beyond this gathering. Toward
long lyrical lines cast upon the waters that
reverberate beyond the safeharbor of New Bedford
which once spouted wealth.
Far out upon the flood that has never receded
liquid tremolos esxcite the great giantbacks
who couple and begin to dance.
While we sit straight-backed. Unaware
that the incresed tempo causes flukes to crash
like cymbals to the tuning of wind.
Warm-blooded bodies propel themselves
up to an air of ungrounded vision.
Blowholes fill with hot fragrant oils
of passionate release. Pure images created
and scored by time pulse in adagios of primal embrace.
Hundred of whales soar and breathe. Shameless
exhibitionists who will leap again and again.
In a modern arrangement that will never drown out
the quavers in a timpani of echoes
from the bloody coda of harpoon guns.
And we politely applaud for the beauty of it all
forgetting whose tears stain the oceans blue.
______________________________
JUST A MAN AND HIS DOG
As the yello stars of crocus come and go/
why shouldn't the man in the yarmulka
walkt that dog//Even though the dog
is a male German Shepherd/who seems friendly/
its large pink tongue hanging lazily
over shapr incisors//And I can only imagine
that the dog is happy//almost somehow laughing
at what I don't know//As he is walked or rather
he leads this man (approximate age -- in his late thirties)
with the skull-cap affixed atop curly brown hair
his steel-rimmed glasses framing a longish face//
His light-colored windbreaker flaps
in the breeze on this day late in Mady
that has seen the yellow stars of crocus come
and go//The dog tugs more insistently on the leash//
Which brings the man step-by-step
toward the one-story wooden railyway station
that carries boxcars of silent peopl//
Even on this man's sabbath the trains roll
and some notice the man in the yarmulka
with the tan and black police dog by his side//
Incongruous as yellow stars of crocus
that blossom in bright frosts of spring//
While from far away you can hear
the wail of a train whistle/or is it
a child yelling in terorr at the sight
of the large dog/which fills the small boy
with horrible premonition/or is it
a ghastly repetition of niehgtmares that will occur
in those returning trains//And I wonder|
if I should tlel the man in the skullcap
how incongruous I think it is to see
a Jewish man with of all breeds of dog
a German shepherd//And I wonder
as the yellow stars of crocus come and go
if he takes the dog in public to show
he is not afraid or that he merely likes
this dog/or that he can forget the black-and-white
images of dogs snarling at railway stations/
or that perhaps he is master of the moment/
or that the dog being a dog just needs
to be walked//And I wonder if he feeds this dog
kosher food/or if the dog even cares or notices
the difference between a master's flesh
which has been blessed and gentile meat
served from a can//And I wonder shy I am so struck
by the images of a man in a dark cloth yarmulke
watching him handle a German Shepherd on a leash
which should be no concern of mine
And I know it is just aman and a dog
but this image intrudes on my senses/
as the man appears to be oblivious
to all the looks and gazes or maybe
he just thinks we stare because
of the skullcap//And I want to go up to him
and shake him by the shoulders and tlel him
how foolish I think he is/even though
it seems everyone drives a car made in Germany//
Yet this does not borhter me in the same way
as I watch an animal that represents
a live viciousness/that can turn on him
or anyone else at any given moment//
And I want him to know it can happen again//
But then/I clear my head of this hysteria
and remind myself that it is just a man
in a yarmulke with a German shepherd/
tethered together by an historic leash
that none of us can ever let go of//
_______________________
THE NUTRITIVE AND THERAPEUTIC USES OF THE BANANA
(a treatise
cultures bananatreesunk by a tiny green snake
dropped his precious cargo
Sliding in death -- down that walkway
You plopped another oyster
of grey remorse into your mouth
Devouring all the others
Ripped fresh from their innocent beds of burden
As you told me you would never forget that sight
And I was serving tropical drinks these poor fellows dying by degrees
And to charge this brief afternoon's penance
to your chilling account of privilege.
______________________
AT THE BRAIN INJURY REHABILITATION CENTER OF SAND LAKE HOSPITAL...
Through a doorway, I see
a young woman, girl really,
of 12 or perhaps 13. Bandaged,
some of the sutures visible,
like some rag-doll put together
with pointillist stitching.
Casts on neck, torso, legs, ankles.
One arm hanging loosely
with a terrible scar as
if it were some hideous deflated
child's balloon.
Later I learned
she had been broken
in a car crash.
Unable to speak.
Lying there on a gurney.
Contented almost, seemingly
happy while a nurse brushed
her long brown hair.
This simple scene.
A vision from a pastel Degas
remembered of "a woman having
her hair combed".
Focus and light on the upturned face
of the woman in the painting -
her eyes far away -
just as this female patient's
gaze is now. Far away
from this place.
And I will remember
this scene always.
The girl on the gurney
lying there just as Degas |
must have posed his models,
hour after painful hour,
to achieve his tortured images
of life's naturalness.
(for Jules Smith 1926-1997)
ANOTHER SMITH IN 507
The man dying in this hospital room
is just another Smith. Like any other
Smith or Jones or Johnson, he will
be remembered by only those of his
family and friends. And they will cry
because death summons even artists.
And an artist is all this Mr. Smith
ever wanted to be. Growing up in
Charleston among the where the cut grass looked wetgreen and pleased
breezes of the Carolinas which still whispered
of a civil war which rages in some souls.
And like other Mr. Smiths his dreams
of creating ripe colors were interrupted
by that long Nazi blackness. And when he
came back, he learned to love once again.
No great monuments will be erected to his name.
No bridges or tunnels named for him.
No one will groan at his "bad" jokes
or chuckle at his good ones. For he was
only another Smith who occupied one space
in a hospital room. Where he was unable to resume his drawing.
Because that is what he asked for at the end,
merely for his pens and pencils and paper.
And the doctors and nurses will never hear
his voice again or see the tides of Charleston
wash blue-green over imprints made years ago
by a boy named Jules Smith. And his daughters, son,
and wife will never see him search and explore
the sand dunes and warm salt-water eddys
where his barefoot steps will never fade.
And the pinetrees will always give Mr. Smith
gentle shade when death brings artists into harsh light.
_____________________
NURSING MAJORS, MINORS IN DRAMA
Nurses only allow
their patients to see smiles.
Nurses practice smiles on mirrors
as they inject lethal doses of mindlessness.
For patients never see
masks of smiles removed
by nurses on their way home.
Hurrying past cemeteries of decomposed faces.
SUBSTANCE OF THE IMAGE
("Lot's Wife," lithograph by Helen Frankenthaler, 1971)
Larger paths
than any living
prophet a single
pillar of
salty color
not quite pure
toward.
IN THE CLINICS OF THE POOR...
women with children
take a number and wait in line
As if they were in some bakery
hoping to purchase
the last wonderful pastry
chocolate sweetness oozing in their minds
As they have to share time
with others who wait in line
To be called by stern faced attendants
impatient to get through another day
To reach a quota set by
unfeeling standards designed
to exclude so many from doctor's care
On the television screen
permanently fixed to the Health Cable Channel
broadcast only in English
the well groomed hosts ask questions about bruxism
Then tell us what to do
for our incessant teeth grinding
In the clinics of the poor
most everyone arrives by bus
or second-hand autos
Fenders barely hanging on lights missing
struggling overheating wheezing
like the people they transport
when life and death mix
in measured prescriptions
Among crooked spines warped limbs
and sightless eyes dragged
to communal suffering
A poquito a young boy perhaps cinqo
outfitted in blue shorts and clean white T-shirt
sneakers adorned with a cartoon character
which was never proper attire
for teas with mad hatters
but are quite comfortable for a boy asleep
slightly before eight in the morning
Head resting on his father's chest
which throbs with pain that he is not able
to afford more for his son
but grateful for this care
In this place where no hanging plants are found
no green no fresh smell just sterile light
A father of middle-age young enough
to play catch old enough to remember
songs on vinyl records and transistor radios
Confined now to a wheelchair
waiting for his time on the dialysis machine
dull neon lights
not bright enough to cast shadows
beats down on old men
Arms bandaged from blood tests
Some as lean and elastic and haunted
as if they had been painted by El Greco
These men shuffle along on
shiny aluminum crutches walkers canes
Immune to the cry of babies or constant coughs
the Health Channel broadcasts
a fat free barbecue side-dish recipe
only in English
Roasted green beans fixed with butter substitute
The spice and fascination of life gone
sisters hardly any of them esta blanco
sit responsibly like mothers
Watching babies outfitted in earrings
painted toenails everything to make them older
As they watch other children
with babies of their own
While a father in his chair
drowses dreaming of island breezes
caressing memories of a carefree youth
As his daughter perhaps ocho or nueve
outfitted in tan shorts and embroidered white blouse
which was never proper dress
at one of Alice's make-believe parties
for young ladies
Glances over at father and brother
between runs down the hallway
avoiding ambulatory patients like a commuter
dodging through work-day traffic
while she does hand springs and vaults
Her arms outstretched cartwheeling
hoping someone will notice and applaud
The hours are falling
from the laps of weary mothers
Patients masquerading as numbers
in a system designed for efficient disposal
And some scowl in the clinics of the poor
seeing this girl perhaps oucho or nueve
filled with such life and joy
As her father and brother
lift their heads
The man smiling the boy looking on
in wonder for a brief time enchanted
As lives sleep between dust
and more dust as doors open
for those who are tarde
confined to the bitter end of lines
But for this father and his children
wild flowers seem to grow between chairs
amid the constant smells of disinfectant
Beteen public service announcements
on the Health Channel
we are drawn to this gentle moment
A father sharing precious time
watching his daughter
while holding his son
a moment which will reside with us forever
in this clinic of the poor.This post was called Z Wave 3 Way Light Switch. You can download all the image on this post. Below are the image gallery of Z Wave 3 Way Light Switch, if you like the image or like this post please contribute with us by share this post to your social media or save it to your devices.
Electrical Made Easy How To Hook Up A 3 Way Switch In 2017 Z. GE ZWave 3 Way Switch Kit YouTube. GE ZWave 3 Way Wiring Help Please Devices Integrations. GE 1272412723 Zwave 3 Way Wiring Help Throughout How To Wire A. GE ZWave InWall Smart Switch Toggle Jasco. 3 Way Dimming Devices Integrations SmartThings Community. ZWave 3Way Wall Accessory Switch. Replacing 3way Light Switches With Zwave DoItYourselfcom. Trying To Wire In A GE 45614 Z Wave 3 Way Light Switch Kit Showy. I Have A Question Regarding A GE Zwave 3 Way Switch And My House.For way too long I have been thinking about adding address label books to the shop. Right now there are three assorted books that each have the choice of 3 color stories.
The fact that each book gives you choice of 6 different patterns is nice, but my favorite part is the pocket in the back.The pocket is just big enough to hold 2 or 3 cards and envelopes, some stickers and stamps. I like having everything together in one place – not having to look for stamps gives me one less excuse not to send out a card.
The journey starts off with paddle in your hands in
this beautiful place.
Includes:
• Tour Guide
• Entrance fee
• Tour by the lagoon
With a bit of luck, you will hear the howling of the most celebrated habitants in this universe of saltwater and reen mangroves, the howler monkeys. Capuchin monkeys also appear from time to time; various species of herons, cormorants, ducks, raccoons, lizards and many more species.I needed to create a dropdown list that had all the years back to a certain date. To accomplish this I would need to calculate difference between years back to the specified date. This isn’t really a difficult but here is the code just incase anyone else needs to do the same.
Here is how I did it:
C#
Pretty simple right? Not sure if there is a better way, but this seems to give me what I needed.Forgot your password?
Don't have an account? Get Started
Only show results in Virginia? Ok
Related terms for "vapor analysis ":
chemical vapor analysis)., MAINE Reblogged from my isbi site. But, yeah, this is why I’ve been so distant. Planning a wedding and then actually doing it and then the honeymoon 🙂 After I get an ISBI update out, I’m heading straight for rained!
If you don’t follow me or Nate on tumblr, here are some pictures from our wedding that Nate took! Thought you’d like to see us 🙂 This is what Sims can do people XD
Advertisements
You two are amazing! 😀 It’s so awesome that you got married and that you are happy. Congrats ^-^
I really need to catch up on both your sims stories tho, haven’t read them in a while 😛
Haha! Thank you so much!! ❤ And yeah, I'm behind on a bunch too…
How cute 🙂 Wait, so sims brought you two together? Cool : p
Yeah, we actually met on wordpress XD He was reading my story, we became friends and yeah. I thought it was cool, too.EDMONTON, AB - APRIL 6: Oilers forward Jordan Eberle is introduced. (Photo by Codie McLachlan/Getty Images)Our first official day in Shaghai. We both woke up at 5am and by the end of the night were dragging ourselves back to the apartment. After waking up, we chilled at the apartment for a while until about 10 trying to figure out what we wanted to do. We went up to the roof of the building to look out over the city. It's 16 stories high. We could see all aorund us, all the really tall buildings in the downtown area. After spending a few minutes on the roof taking pictures, we went down to the street and walked around a few blocks to see waht was around the area. Jennifer and Kenny have everything they need at their doorstep. The school where they work is across the street, there is a grocery store e on the corner with a fruit market, and a really good restaurant where they always eat. We met Jennifer and Kenny for lunch at the restaurant - so good! We had lemon chicken, soy beans, spicey potatoes, kung pow chicken, and rice. Then we went to their school and Jennifer showed us around. They are in a high security alert and the guard at the gate just turned his head as we walked through - real safe. We stayed and met some of the other teachers and then played with one of Jennifer's kindergarten classes. She is their English teacher. Her kids were adorable. Kenny teaches 5th grade social studies. We came back to the apt and rested for about an hour, and then Jennifer taught me how to ride her awesome pink scooter with a zebra striped seat cover. When Kenny got home we rode the subway to downtown where the Pearl Tower is. They have really fixed up the city for the World Expo. We got to downtown before the sun set so we were able t osee it in the day and then at night all lit up. We alked along the river and rode the ferry to the other side and made our way to the Walking Street. Thousands of people were all over. It was the China we were expecting. so different from where J&K live. We were attacked by all kinds of vendors selling cheap knockoffs, lasers, and rollerskates. We got so many stares and people were trying to take our pictures as we walked by. We ate at a noodle restaurant which was also really good. We were exhausted from waking up so early and walking so far. We rode the subway home and collapsed into bed. It was a beautiful day to see the city.
Day 2: We started the day by waking up around 7:30, watching the newest episode of Lost via their Slingbox account, and then got ready for our new day. Since we learned the subway system yesterday, we decided to go see more of the city and do some shopping. Daniel and I were both in need of sunglasses so we stopped at "the fake market" to find some. We bough Ray Bans for about $5 each. Not necessarily a great deal, but considering the asking price was about $17/pair we thought pretty good of it. Hundred of little kiosks are just inside the subway system and each store has pretty much the same thing. So many times we heard "hey, lady bags for you," "a watch for you, man," "pretty jewels for lady," "cheap shirts, your size," "we have good deal." We just laughed and kept saying "no thank you." It was ridiculous. We will be going back when we have seen more of thef city and know what money we have left - they had awesome purses, jewely, and "name brand" jackets. We left the subway system to see what was at the top of the Century Ave stop and were bombarded again by men and women with little cards of pictures of things they wanted to sell us. Shanghai has some beautiful buildings and landscape designs. We really enjoyed looking around the square. We got back on the subway and rode to the Pearl Tower stop. They have built an above ground walkway around a roundabout for the Expo (again, making Shanghai look better with flowers and new toys). Great place to take pictures in front of the Pearl Tower. On the corner acroos from the tower is a 10 story mall. It's called the Super Brand Mall. Biggest mall I've ever been in. They had 2 floors just dedicated to food. We walked each of the floors and stopped at a DQ to get a blizzard. We're suckers for ice cream. their ice cream is a lot different - less sweet and more fluffy, but still very good. It was a fun day of exploring the city. Tonight we will go eat with J&K's friends who work at the university and we'll find out how we can help them. I'm starting to feel more comfortable in China than I was. Still don't know the language, but we're learning how to get around that. We successfully ordered food and paid for it, so that's a start. :)Charles County Children’s Aid Society needs volunteers to help sort clothes and perform office duties, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. weekdays. Volunteers are also needed for yard sales, held first Saturdays. Contact. 129.. Contact 301-373-2280 or volunteer@sotterley.org.
St. Mary’s Hospital needs high school-aged and adults volunteers for programs at the hospital. Call 301-475-6453 or go to.
Calvert Memorial Hospital needs volunteers. For information, call Rachel McDermott, 301-863-8870.
Accokeek Foundation seeks volunteers for its museum garden program, which runs from April through November. 301-283-2113 or volunteers@accokeek.org.
American Cancer Society offers volunteer training in Calvert, Charles and St. Mary’s counties. 301-261-
6000 or 888-603-4304.
Calvert Healthcare Solutions needs help with fundraising activities and events. Raymon Noble, 410-414-
5628 or rnoble@chesapeake.net.
TO SUBMIT AN ITEM
Mail: Volunteers
3 Church Cir., Annapolis, Md. 21401-1902.Microsoft has announced Forza Motorsport 5 will see the same support for post-release content the series has been known. Each month will see a new Forza Motorsports 5 Car Pack released, offering full Forzavista mode support for each vehicle.
Every Forza Motorsports 5 Car Pack will contain 10 individual cars, with the first pack releasing on November 22. Each pack after this first release will arrive in the first week of every month, beginning January through March 2014.
Players can opt to buy certain individuals cars from each Car Pack, or even purchase the Forza Motorsports 5 Car Pass which will grant them access to the first six Forza Motorsports 5 Car Packs for AU$64.95 (which equates to an 18% saving as opposed to individual purchase).
There will also be a LaFerrarri Car Pack which will be available at launch, which gives players the first opportunity to see the cockpit of Ferrari’s long-awaited hypercar. Powered by an innovative 950-hp hybrid engine and limited to 499 global production units, the LaFerrarri will be one of the fastest and rarest cars in the world.
Alongside the LaFerrari, the pack will also include 9 additional cars, with more information released soon.
Forza Motorsport 5 will launch exclusively for the Xbox One on November 22.
Jamie Briggs manages Analog Addiction and you can like them on Facebook, follow his daily life on Twitter @JamieAA, his personal blog and his videos on YouTube.
Categories: News, Xbox One news
Leave a Reply as a Guest, or Log InThis is a reminder. For those who are interested to participate in the "Roses and Lace" workshop in the Hill City Hotel, Ipoh this coming Sunday 30th Jan 2011, please call 03-79555909.
Also, I will be doing a painting demonstration as well as promoting my book at the Karangkraf Carnival in Shah Alam on Saturday, 30th Jan 2011. If you are around the area, please drop by at the Karangkraf Head Office at 10.00 am.
I'm planning to do a Folk Art workshop in Muar, Johor on the 5th of Feb (Saturday). For those who staying in the south and are interested you can call me at 03-79555909.Our larger properties that are managed by Anglia Ruskin comply with the Universities UK (UUK) Code of Practice. It’s there to make sure accommodation managed by universities meets good management and physical standards.
The properties this applies to are The Student Village, Peter Taylor House, Swinhoe Hall, Anastasia House and four of our larger shared houses in Cambridge (37 and 39 Tenison Road, 33 Collier Roadd and 29 Abbey Road). Please visit The Student Accommodation Code website for more details.
Below are our management plans that comply with the UK Code of Practice. You can read them to find out what we do when you need electrical maintenance, snow clearing and other things that keep you safe. If you have any questions, feel free to contact your Residential Service.
If you live in a property that is managed by an organisation we partner with (CB1, The Railyard, Sedley Court, YMCA and The Forum) please contact their management who will be happy to help with any questions about maintenance or management plans.
Cambridge City Council university accommodation standards guide is intended for landlords, may be a helpful resource to find out what you should be receiving in terms of amenities and standards, as a tenant in our halls and shared houses in Cambridge.One of my most popular posts last year discussed how to get NFL Sunday Ticket by buying the Madden video game and a Chromecast. Looking back at it, $99 to get NFL Sunday Ticket was an incredible deal and no wonder the game quickly sold out. Unfortunately for cord cutters there will be no repeat of the Madden NFL Sunday Ticket bundle this year.
DirecTV is however, introducing a streaming service called NFLSUNDAYTICKET.TV.
The new service does offer a streaming version but note these new nit picky eligibility rules:
“… if you live in a select apartment building where DIRECTV service is not available, attend one of these universities, or live in one of the following metro areas: New York City, Philadelphia, or San Francisco.”
What’s different? That phrase “select apartment building” among other things. With the Madden deal the restrictions merely stated something about living where the DirecTV satellite signal was not available. That could have been your house. This time they look a bit more serious about the restrictions.
I experimented with the Check your eligibility page. I put in my real name and address to start and got the rejection banner shown here. Then I thought I’d be clever and claim to be a college student. Whoa – they actually run your name and birthday through a service that checks student ID’s!
OK, so I try another idea – a phony name but an actual address for an apartment building down the street. Success! “Congratulations, you’re eligible! Choose your package” appears on the next screen.
Next I am taken to the checkout page to both pay and setup my online account. So clearly it is still possible to loophole your way around the new restrictions. If you are uncomfortable with all this subterfuge, perhaps you purchase the service for a friend that really lives in an apartment building , goes to college, or even lives in San Francisco. But then your friend doesn’t have time to watch and gifts his account to you. I’m guessing that would be perfectly legal.
Better ideas? Let me know in the comments below…
Los Angeles, CA, Apartment building. Although I can receive DirecTV I still appear as eligible. But I wont be ordering it. Way too expensive. There are 4 free games OTA every Sunday, 8 free OTA Thursday Night games on CBS, plus the Monday Night games through WatchESPN. (fixing cable paying relatives pc’s for free no more!)
Everything about NFL , aside from free OTA games, is expensive. Ever attended a game? Good luck staying below $150 with tickets, parking and miscellaneous. So $199 for all the out of market games isn’t THAT bad is it?- Joomla! 3.x
This template is especially good for a simple "latest articles" list or slideshow without complexities. Each item including all of its fields are wrapped together in a list item < li > tag. Since that is the only formatting this template provides, it is probably ideal for single field output. However if you use SEBLOD typos on the individual fields you can achieve more complex markup if desired.
After installing List in the normal Joomla extension manager, you will need to define it in the SEBLOD template manager. Go to Construction->Templates and choose NEW. Add a title, under Name choose “seb_list” and for Type choose “list”. Then save in close. Next, open the List & Search Type and choose the List view, then the template tab. Finally, select seb_list from the dropdown and save.
Business Clubs:
- Lifetime License
- Unlimited Domains
Single purchase:
- Free Updates
- Lifetime License
- Unlimited Domains
Details:
Requires:Latest SEBLOD
It is exactly what it says it is.
Very nice!Shabbat 144 - Milk purity
Earlier we
discussed the juice that oozed out of a fruit
, where the intention of the owner played a role. What if the owner had no specific intention for his fruit? In elucidating this, the Talmud discussed the laws of milk.
The basic rule of food is that it
can becomes ritually impure only after it has been washed in a liquid
. This liquid can be woman's milk; whether the milk came out with the woman's knowledge and satisfaction (she wanted to feed her baby) or if it was unintentional. By comparison, cow's milk makes food susceptible to impurity only if the owner milked the cow, but not if it dripped by itself.
This rule seems strange, and Rabbi Akiva objected: cow's milk has much wider use than the milk of a woman, and therefore it certainly should be able to prepare the food for impurity, even when it dripped by itself. And the Sages, who initially composed the rule, what do they answer? They say that a human is different and is more stringent in many respects, so you cannot derive laws from humans to animals. For example, human blood is also considered a beverage, based on the phrase "
Blood of the slain he will drink.
" A person is usually slain against his will, and still his blood can prepare food for impurity; therefore the milk of a woman, even coming out against her will, has the same property. This is not true for animals.
Art: Albert Neuhuys - A saucer of milk$56,730 (USD)
Average Base Salary
$27 (USD)/hr
Average Hourly Rate
$1,804 (USD)
Average Bonus
The average systems applications security manager salary in Arkansas, United States is $56,730 or an equivalent hourly rate of $27. This is 14% lower (-$9,417) than the average systems applications security manager salary in the United States. In addition, they earn an average bonus of $1,804. Salary estimates based on salary survey data collected directly from employers and anonymous employees in Arkansas, United States.
Salary by Experience
$40,745 (USD)
Entry Level Salary
$69,948 (USD)
Senior Level Salary
Are you paid fairly?
Calculate your market salary rate to find out.Calculate Salary
Job Description
Education
Jobs that May Interest You
Application Security Engineer
access_time Posted 8 days ago
account_balance Miracle Software Systems, Inc.
location_on Lowell
Miracle Software Systems, Inc. is looking for Application Security Engineer at Lowell,AR for a 6 ... Perform assessment of applications to identify and prioritize risks, driving prioritization and ...
Sales / Account Manager - Security / Industrial /
access_time Posted 6 days ago
account_balance Randstad Engineering
location_on Little Rock
Sell security systems including fire and other high-level applications developing market selling ... Requirements for the Sales / Account Manager * College degree preferred otherwise requires High ...
Cyber Systems Operations Specialist with Security Clearance
access_time Posted 2 months ago
account_balance Cape Fox Shared Services
location_on Fort Smith
... applications. The Cyber Systems Operations Specialists demonstrate a solid understanding of ... Manage configuration and operation of Windows Operating Systems, Exchange, Systems Management ...
Manager Global Sales-SLED with Security Clearance
access_time Posted 5 days ago
account_balance CenturyLink
location_on Little Rock
CenturyLink offers network and data systems management, big data analytics, managed security ... applications such as MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and sales performance/tracking programs Valid ...
Security Engineer
access_time Posted 1 month ago
account_balance Edafio Technologies
location_on North Little Rock
... equipment, security systems, and software applications in the development, enhancement, and ... in a Managed Services environment Company Description Edafio Technology Partners is a leading ...
Discover How Much You Should Be Paid
Get informed of your market rate.
Do you work in HR or Compensation?
Try our professional compensation software to generate detailed salary and cost of living reports.Try Free Demo
Systems Applications Security Manager Salaries by City
Similar Job TitlesOrphaned at a young age, Eren's forced into the foster system, and after being shuffled around for several years, things in life finally seem to calm down. But life has never been kind, and the peace doesn't last long. After months of abuse and neglect, he's pushed back into a foster home where he'll meet a dark-haired musician who seemingly wants nothing to do with him.
- aot
- attackontitan
- boyxboy
- erenjaeger
- ereri
- leviackerman
- otp
- riren
- rivaere
- shingekinokyojin
- snk
- theliteraryawards2017
- wattys2017
As digital strategy consultants, we can’t even begin the discussion of digital strategy consulting without first talking about analytics reports. The cool thing about digital is that everything is “trackable.” Google Analytics is the default analytic package because it is comprehensive and it is free. We know where the customer goes, where he doesn’t go, where they move their mouse when they leave the shopping cart, when they respond to different subject lines and any other simple or complex behaviors. The key to all of this is the ability to find insights and then take action and adjust the campaigns to get an optimal result.
What excites digital strategy consultants and professionals in the Internet Marketing space is the ability to test cheaply with many different types of digital media and see what sticks. Do more of what works and less of what does not work. What we can tell you from experience is that typically it is not just “one thing” that works amazing well, except for PPC. I heard a rumor that someone said to Eric Schmidt, former CEO of Google that Google was a one trick pony with Pay Per Click advertising or Google Adwords. His reply was, “It’s a hell of a trick.” He was right and still is right.
The problem is that Adwords and PPC can get very expensive very quickly. So from a digital strategy standpoint, we want to look at other ways of getting our messages out to our niche audiences. We can use things like e-mail, blogs, SEO, PPC, social media, video, white papers, public relations, content syndication, display advertising and much more. The question becomes, “Which do we choose first”? The problem is the answer, “It depends”. It depends on your budget, audience size, audience demographics, conversion history, market trends and a whole host of other factors.
Ideally, we want to survey your customers and ask them, how to they want to be reached, where do they like to be reached and when. In our experience, it is not just a simple single digital strategy, but a blend of digital touch points that become an overall strategy and often they are in synch with the offline strategy too. We might want to call this a holistic view of reaching the clients.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Year
2012
2017
- This year (1)
- Last 5 years (2)
- Last 10 years (3)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Chan-Seong Park, Seung-Won Jeon, +5 authors Young-Shik Choi
- Journal of forensic sciences
- 2012
This case report describes a noncontact traffic accident involving a motor scooter and a tractor-trailer with a focus on the wind-drag effect. We used load cells to measure the drag force acting on a substantially similar motor scooter when a substantially similar tractor-trailer passes by it, taking into consideration various speeds of the tractor-trailer… (More)
- Seongho Kim, Minjung Kim, Bong Woo Lee, Yu-Hoon Kim, Young-Shik Choi, Joong Seok Seo
- Journal of forensic and legal medicine
- 2015
Traumatic basal subarachnoid hemorrhage caused by minor blunt trauma to the head or neck can lead to rapid collapse and death. The vertebral arteries are the vessels most commonly involved in such cases, but it is very difficult to find the bleeding focus in the vertebral arteries in routine autopsy because of the location of these vessels. Using the… (More)
- Sookyoung Lee, Ho-Hyeon Gong, +6 authors Byung Ha Choi
- International Journal of Legal Medicine
- 2017
Estimation of stature is a basic and important forensic procedure in identifying decomposed or skeletonized bodies. Due to advances in radiologic equipment, forensic science frequently uses computed tomography (CT) and software to apply these findings to investigations. Technical developments have increased the accuracy of the measurement of various bones.… (More)A Marine veteran hailed as a hero for saving a woman who nearly jumped to hear death after Sunday's Oakland Raiders game says he just wants the woman to know that "people care."
Donnie Navidad, 61, of Stockton, has won praise for trying to catch a woman who lept from the third level of the o.Co Coliseum at about 4:30 p.m. Sunday. But the die-hard Raiders' fan is downplaying his actions, even discounting the major purple bruising on his left arm when he used his body to break her fall.
"Had I not done anything, that would have been etched in my mind until I died," Navidad told NBC Bay Area on Monday. "I happened just to be there. When she was falling, I held my arms out so she could land. I was going to lock her in so we could fall together."
Her fall came just after the Tennessee Titans beat the Oakland Raiders 23-19. She was in section 301, an area that is closed off to the public, according to Alameda County Sheriff’s Sgt. J.D. Nelson, who credits Navidad for urging the woman not to jump and breaking her fall from 50 feet above.
"He put his arms out and tried to catch her, he didn't even think about it. He didn't want her to fall," Nelson said. "There's no question, no question," that he saved her life.
Hall of Fame Raider Willie Brown and other players and team staffers visited Navidad Monday to say thank you. They gave him Raiders memorabilia and Sunday’s game ball.
"I'm a hero to them, but to me, I just reacted the way I did," Navidad said.
MORE: Instead of Big Win, Raiders Get Another Learning Experience
The woman was taken to Highland Hospital and was “in pretty bad shape,” Nelson said. As of Monday morning, she was in critical condition.
There have been other falls, some fatal, from Bay Area stadiums in the recent past.
In September, Kevin Hayes, a 32-year-old man fell to his death after he had been drinking from a pedestrian overpass outside Candlestick Park where the 49ers play. And in December 2012, a teenager was seriously injured when he fell from the third level at o.Co Coliseum, where the Oakland Raiders were hosting the Denver Broncos.
For now, Navidad wants the woman to know there are those out there who can help her with whatever demons she may be facing.
"I want her to know that people care and tell her, 'No matter what you did, what was running through your mind,' people care," Navidad said.
NBC Bay Area's Shelby Hansen contributed to this report.Coming August 10th – Just Wait For Me
.
…
~Dawn Marie
Posted on May 20, 2016, in Announcements and tagged Dawn Marie Hamilton, Faeries, fantasy, Highland Gardens, Just Wait For Me, magic, Romance, Scottish, Time Travel. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment.$85.75 Per Square Foot
By Jotham Sederstrom June 13, 2012 3:00 pmreprints
Despite that its primary tenant—the financial services sector—is still in upheaval, the Class A Plaza submarket continued to see its average asking rent climb higher in May.
The 51.7 million-square-foot area closed the month at $85.75 per square foot, up from $85.30 per square foot in April—and its highest figure since December 2008. It is now up 29.6 percent from its (post-recession) low of $66.17 per square foot in June 2010; that said, it still remains 25.9 percent below its all-time record high of $115.66 per square foot set in May 2008.
With the somewhat unstable financial services industry occupying more than one-third of the space in this submarket, the question becomes, what is behind the rent increase? Well, it’s not really brain surgery: the vacancy rate has been trending lower, closing May at 11.2 percent—well below the recession-period figures of almost 16 percent.
Most importantly, however, is that sublet availability has dropped dramatically; there is currently more than 1.2 million square feet on the market, well off the almost 3 million square feet during the recession. That sublet space was generally “prime” and priced much lower than direct space. Now, what about the future? On the one hand, there is no new office construction in the immediate area that might cause a glut. But on the other hand, there were recent layoff announcements from a few big banks (though nothing too dramatic yet). If we can get through the remainder of the year without another large sublet increase, there is little to stop the Plaza submarket from pushing toward that record-high figure once again.
Robert Sammons, Cassidy TurleyJeff Epler wrote: > really mean print j.convert("RGB").getpixel((0,0)) # prints (252, 252, 252), should print (255, 255, 255) here -- but the fact that you did get index 252 was just what I needed to realize what the problem was (the target palette contains a 6x6x6 color cube, but also a couple of grayscale values, and the palette matching algorithm considers 252 to be "close enough", despite the fact that the palette contains better matches). the attached patch fixes the problem. </F> =================================================================== --- libImaging/Palette.c (revision 2287) +++ libImaging/Palette.c (working copy) @@ -61,9 +62,14 @@ if (!palette) return NULL; + for (i = 0; i < 10; i++) { + palette->palette[i*4+0] = + palette->palette[i*4+1] = + palette->palette[i*4+2] = 0; + } + /* Simple 6x6x6 colour cube */ - i = 10; for (b = 0; b < 256; b += 51) for (g = 0; g < 256; g += 51) for (r = 0; r < 256; r += 51) { @@ -73,6 +79,12 @@ i++; } + for (; i < 256; i++) { + palette->palette[i*4+0] = + palette->palette[i*4+1] = + palette->palette[i*4+2] = 0; + } + return palette; }This Sunday's sparkenation - Think big, take small actions, inspire other people to join you, help other people achieve what's important to them.
Most big results happen through many small actions taken by many people over time. I have been observing a major above ground freeway being built. There was nothing at the start except the big idea and the plan. For a long time there seemed to be little progress, lots of people beavering away with little to show for their work. And then ...
Your work is like this.
What’s your big idea? What is your plan to achieve it? What small actions will you take next? Who has their shoulder at the wheel with you? Who can you inspire to join you in turning your dream into reality? How many people are you helping to fulfill their dreams?
Be the difference you want to see in the world.
Ian
Author of Changing What’s Normal
Creator of the Enhancing Their Gifts System
- the simple framework that profoundly unleashes employee talent.
Experience the system first hand here.
More sparkenations here.| Query EDMED |
Black Sea coastal zone, Rv.Supsa delta
Concentration of other organic contaminants in the water column
Discrete water samplers; gas chromatographs. Concentration of Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons in sea water2018Acer TravelMate 8372TG Driver Download
Acer TravelMate 8372TG Driver Download. Model Name: TM8372TG. Will come in this configuration provided Acer comes with Intel Core i5 Chipset Intel HM55. the Intel Core i5 Chipset Intel HM55 processor, has two on-board data cache to transfer information to and from the processor. This cache is called the L1 and L2 cache. TravelMate 8372TG L1 cache measures 64 kilobytes, while its L2 cache is assigned a couple of megabytes. Acer TravelMate 8372TG provides 8GB of ram on its laptop, with a fixed level of 1GB PC3-8500 DDR3-1066 204pin SDRAM SODIMM.Acer TravelMate 8372TG has the most performance on mainstream Laptops. Even having its form factor design.YUM as we know it a Yellow Dog Modifier.
Vsftpd is a GPL licensed FTP server for UNIX systems, including Linux. It is secure and extremely fast. It is stable. vsftpd is a mature and trusted solution.
So here we have few steps to do
1. Install vsftpd server
2. Create repository with createrepo
3. Configure repository
4. Configure clients
Install vsftpd server
Insert RHEL 5 Installation DVD
# mkdir ~/Desktop/rhel_cd
# mount /dev/cdrom ~/Desktop/rhel_cd
# cd ~/Desktop/rhel_cd/Server
# rpm –ivh vsftpd*
Create repository with createrepo
# rpm –ivh createrepo*
Configure (Starting vsftpd services)
# chkconfig --add vsftpd ( making it persistent across all run levels)
Configure clients
Run following commands on clients
# vi /etc/yum.repos.d/yum_server.repo
Add:
[Server] name=MY_SERVER
baseurl=
gpgcheck=0
# vi /etc/vsftpd/vsftpd.conf
Set the following parameter (if not already set)
anonymous_enable = yes
# service vsftpd restart
NB :.
Have anything to say?Local and out-of-town musicians find a home in the Ames scene
by Jessica Darland
When you think about cities or towns with fantastic music scenes, places like Nashville, New Orleans, Memphis, and Los Angeles probably come to mind.
Music in Ames may not fill the Rose Bowl Stadium, but that doesn’t mean it’s not thriving.
Blake Delaney, owner of the Vinyl Grind, previously known as the Vinyl Café, describes the Ames music scene as, “Underrated. Developed, but not recognized very much.”
Delaney says he thinks many Ames musicians could make it at the top, but it’s hard because there’s so many great musicians everywhere.
“Our music scene, I’d put the talent we have here up against anybody. We might not have as many musicians but the musicians we have are straight up solid, solid, solid,” says Delaney.
The Vinyl Grind is an important asset to the music scene in Ames. Located in the historic downtown area, you can find coffee and vinyl records for sale in a colorful cozy shop that is also host to concerts a few times every month and an open mic night every Sunday. The musicians usually have an acoustic set up in the corner of the shop facing a few rows of chairs with others standing behind to watch the show.
“We’ve had bands that will come into this shop, which will fit maybe 40 people, and sell more records here than at a venue of two or three-hundred people,” says Delaney, “And I think that speaks for how influential small venues can be to sales and to appreciation.”
Shows at the Vinyl Grind are for all ages and are typically funded by a “pay what you can” donation bucket for the artists. People mingle, buy vinyls, drink coffee and listen to music ranging from bluegrass to rock.
“People come for the music and stay for the conversation,” says Delaney, “You’ll have somebody with a mohawk next to a guy in a suit and they’re just talking, it’s just a very open environment where people feel safe.”
Down the road you can find DG’s Taphouse, a relaxed bar and music venue on Main Street that hosts local and touring bands. Since it’s a bar the shows are 21+, and they offer a large selection of beer, as well as pool tables and darts. DG’s is perhaps the most common venue for music in Ames, with shows four to six days a week. There are chairs and tables set up in front of a stage with audio equipment and lights. Depending on the musicians playing, you can expect to see college age students, middle aged music lovers, and older adults enjoying the free shows and drinks at DG’s.
Burgie’s Coffee and Tea Company has more recently begun to get involved in the Ames music scene. With espresso, food, and local craft beer available, people of all ages come to hear mostly local musicians of many genres exhibit their music at Burgie’s. The tables are moved and chairs are set up for an easier view of the shows, but people still have room to enjoy their coffee and chat with others there.
“We really want to open up Burgie’s to be another scene for live music weekly if the presence is there and people are eager to play,” says Jordan Burgason, whose family owns the coffee shop.
With so many local venues to choose from, musicians in Ames get the chance for their music to be heard by thousands of college students as well as Ames and central Iowa locals. Although open to all ages, a common place to find mainly college students in attendance is the Maintenance Shop. The “M-Shop” is located downstairs in the Memorial Union and is a music venue run by Iowa State’s Student Union Board that hosts touring bands a few times a month. Shows at the M-Shop are typically under $20 and there’s a small bar with drinks for sale for 21+ concert goers. It also doubles as an area for students to hang out or study during the week.
Ames resident Luke Wilson has attended seven shows at the M-Shop. “You pretty much see the same type of people at every show,” says Wilson. He says he knew about the shows going on because he would look online and find them.
“I feel like a lot of people probably did the same thing, and were probably interested in the same music. It’s a friendly place, it’s small, I always meet someone new there,” says Wilson.
Some acts that have played at the M-Shop in the past include Twenty-One Pilots, Kaleo, Rainbow Kitten Surprise, Andy Grammer, and Aaron Carter. The venue also offers an open mic night for ISU students to share their talents.
A venue known more to Ames locals than to Iowa Staters is The Record Mill. Donna Miller is a homeowner in north Ames and decided to open her doors to music lovers after her son joined a band.
“He’s still 19, so three years ago [the members of the band] were even younger and didn’t have anywhere to play, so we said ‘you can have some friends over and have a little mini concert down in the basement,’” said Miller.
Since then, the basement has transformed into an important place for many involved in music in Ames as both a venue and a recording studio. Miller allows attendees to hang out in her living room upstairs before the music starts and between sets. Once the bands are ready, everyone crams downstairs and gathers around local or touring bands surrounded by sound-proofed walls, an ample audio system, and go-pro cameras recording the event. There is normally a mix of local and touring bands during a show at The Record Mill with an array of genres.
“I’ve seen a lot of different bands comes through here from really heavy to indie, pop, we even had a four piece country string band come through here one time, which is awesome, I think. The diversity is great,” says Miller.
Tyler Stodghill plays for an Ames-based band called Stars Hollow, which he describes as “emo-indie-screamo.” He also helps out during shows at The Record Mill.
“It’s almost always $5 or $10 for touring bands. People are allowed to drink here if they’re of age; it’s BYOB,” says Stodghill. Stodghill has been involved with the Ames music scene for a little over two and a half years and says they try to play many local shows but have also been touring around the Midwest and other areas of the country.
Jon Marko Correa is a musician that’s been involved in music around Ames for a few years as well. Correa is originally from Puerto Rico, but moved to the area as a child. Him and his bandmate Jeff Livengood started their current band “Jon Marko and The Good Cooks” about three years ago after finding that they worked well together. Livengood moved from the Omaha area to Ames to pursue his music career with Correa.
“I was really bad at first, and I took some vocal lessons,” says Correa. After he felt confident enough with his voice, he began composing.
“I’ve always loved composing. I’ve always been comfortable on stage. I don’t get stage fright or anything like that, it just feels like that’s where I should be at that time,” says Correa.
The band released their first full album in December and has been touring around Iowa and some of the Midwest. They plan to continue touring and would eventually like to share their music on a national scale.
“Every month it keeps getting bigger and bigger and bigger, where eventually we’ll probably have to choose are we going to go down the 9-5 road, or are we going to quit our jobs and pursue this full time,” says Correa, “I could see that happening in a year or two. We’re always reaching out of our comfort zone because that’s how you grow.”
Correa sings and plays guitar, harmonica and some piano, while Livengood, who is classically trained, plays drums, violin and dabbles in guitar, bass and viola. The two say the goal for their music is to be true to themselves and do everything they can with the love in their hearts.
“Every time I take a little side note, music pulls me back in. When you have a crowd of people up front and they’re just grooving to your music, nothing’s better in the world,” says Livengood.
Correa says they have jobs in Ames, but their jobs are mostly to fund their music career until it funds itself.
“Being rich, you know, that would be cool, but it’s not as important as fulfilling that passion and letting that passion die would be grievous,” says Correa, “At the end of the day we’re just musicians, and we’re just there to make sure people are having a good time. When I’m up there I’m not thinking about anything else. You get to see things that you create come to life, and sometimes people don’t like it and sometimes people love it and it touches them.”
The band says they’ve played just about every nook and cranny in Ames, and describe the Ames Music Scene in a similar way to other members of the community.
“It’s a tight-knit circle but they’re always so welcoming. It’s a very welcoming community,” says Correa.
Stodghill says the Ames musicians and local music lovers are supportive. “You can always expect to see familiar faces. Everyone gets that it matters.”
Delaney says as long as you have something to offer, it’s easy to become a part of music in Ames because of how amicable the community is.
“I feel like I’m part of a fabric, I feel like I’m part of a purpose. I think more people in Ames need to get out and experience what this downtown has to offer, for me it opened up my world,” says Delaney. “I see my friends every single day, I listen to music, I make coffee. I’m part of a scene down here.”
He also says that touring musicians find Ames to be a comfortable place to play that makes them want to return.
“I think when bands come from out of town and see the love and support they get in this town, they want to come back. Even if they’ve only played to ten people, they’re welcomed so warmly that it becomes a place you wanna come back to,” says Delaney.
Specialized Masters Programs (SMPs) create complex admissions challenges due to the shorter program duration and necessity to assess applicants for a wide range of programs. Using video in the interview process can help you make a more informed admissions decision.
Part II of a series on the benefits of incorporating video in the admissions process.
With increasing competition across graduate programs, it’s important for institutions not only to make decisions quickly, but also to make decisions on applicants that are the right fit for your program. At Olin, we’ve integrated our existing CRM and application tools with a cutting-edge video interview solution to give us deeper insight into our candidates before we make an admissions decision.
Olin has been recruiting students for our two- and three-semester SMPs since 2007 with increasing application volume each year. For the 2015 incoming class we received almost 2,500 applications and enrolled 195 students. Most of our students come directly from their undergraduate studies and are seeking to gain specialized knowledge to differentiate themselves in the marketplace. We attract applicants with a wide range of majors, including engineering, mathematics, statistics, economics, marketing, computer science, psychology, life sciences, and even philosophy. Business majors who want an academic “deep dive” in a specific area also apply to our programs.
From the inception of our SMPs, we have admitted strong students by leveraging our large applicant pool populated with extraordinarily talented applicants. Although the caliber of candidates continues to increase each year, we knew from feedback and first-hand experience that international students with the strongest communication skills benefited the most from their experience at Olin. This knowledge motivated us to seek out video interview options in order to take the application screening process to the next level.
We are in our fourth year of incorporating video interviews as part of the SMP screening process at Olin. All international students who have not studied at an English-speaking academic institution for at least three years must submit a video as part of the application process.
Our programs currently include:
Challenges
In the past, one of the biggest challenges we faced using video was the issue of the firewall in China, which resulted in us receiving rehearsed responses. Most of our applicants are from China and, with an hour to prepare, applicants were able to practice their responses before submitting the video. Questions were also shared with the wider applicant population through a Chinese social media network called Chase Dream, resulting in even more tailored responses from our applicants.
Another challenge was not having the video embedded in the application and having to view videos through a separate website.
Value Proposition
Our recent partnership with Kira Talent and its online video screening platform has enabled us to address the challenges described above. Through consultation with Kira Talent’s team, we were able to make the following changes to our process:
By integrating our existing CRM and application tools with Kira Talent’s video interview solution, we can now look forward to our team being equipped to identify and ultimately enroll our strongest candidates to Olin’s SMPs.
Nikki Lemley is associate director, Specialized Masters Programs Admissions, at Washington University’s Olin School of Business..The most unusual construction project on this block by far is the 'styrofoam house' at #337. Once the site of a one-story garage, permits for a new 4 story, 4 unit building were first approved by the NYC Department of Buildings in 2009. It was only in 2011 that construction fences were erected and construction began.
Progress on the new building has stopped for quite a while now. A full stop work order was issued by DoB in February 2014 and the Borough Commissioner revoked the application "due to contractor withdrawal." At the time, it was noted that only 35% of the work had been completed.
Since then, a partial permit was re-issued in October 2014.
The original architectural firm, Darrin Krumpus of Boro Architects, is still listed on the permit.
This construction system is not widely seen here in Carroll Gardens.
It may yet be a while before this new building is completed..
Read entire article hereI love my neighborhood. I mean I already knew I liked it. A Whole Foods around the corner, a convenient CVS, some shops and cute restaurants, and an easy walk to work. But after discovering a few of the nightlife options over the weekend (very hip and cool and just my style) and strolling up 14th street (tons of neat/independent/decorated for the holiday shops) to catch the green train on my way to get my DC driver's license (DC still lets you smile!) I realized that there is a lot more my neighborhood has to offer (and i like it!).
I love this whole collection, and can't wait to see what other holiday spots you uncover this month. Fantastic meeting you last night!Doe's is always our pick for out of town guests for several reasons. 1) we know the steaks will be perfect, 2) the standards for servers are among the highest, and 3) I love the tamales. They have two really nice outdoor areas that are...More
1 - 10 of 25 reviews
Doe's is always our pick for out of town guests for several reasons. 1) we know the steaks will be perfect, 2) the standards for servers are among the highest, and 3) I love the tamales. They have two really nice outdoor areas that are...More
We have been here three times and always split the T-bone steak. It's always cooked to perfection, and the sides are very good. It's pricey, but serves two with some leftovers, which makes it less painful to spend that kind of money.
I have been frequenting Doe's for years starting with the original location in Mississippi. For the Tulsa location, we love the casual atmosphere, the quality wine list, the excellent Scotch selection and most of all the food. The rib eye is our overall favorite steak,...More
We were here on a Saturday evening, the service was excellent and the food even better. My husband had the steak, I the fish. Both dishes were superb. Oh and the bread with honey is even better.
Went with a group of 6 on a Saturday night. Tamale appetizers were tasty. Dinner salad was excellent with house dressing, I need that recipe. Expensive steaks were so so, but not too many other choices on menu. Steak was served on a cold plate,...More
Heard about this place of TV and since it was in our own backyard, we decided to give it a whirl. We unfortunately went on an extremely busy night (Valentine's). However, the food was very good. Appetizer was yummy and steaks were spot on in...More
I expected a great steak but it was ordinary at best. My wife had warned me but a friend and I decided to give it a chance and we were not impressded. Hopefully we hit it on a bad night but the steak was not...More
We loved the atmosphere and the food was very good. The Tamales for an app are amazing. Really cute decor also.
Had to try this place after seeing it's "mother location" on TV. Glad we did. Although it is casual dining, it is upscale casual price-wise. My sirloin steak was at least the 12oz advertised and cooked to perfection. The specialty tamales are a great appetizer...More
We made our annual trip to Tulsa and decided to go to Does again. We had a party of five and all had steak. No one was disappointed in their meal. The steaks and sides were all excellent. Cooked perfectly to order. Our server was...MoreAbout Susan
Susan, a native of Dublin, Ireland, has made Washington her home for over thirty years. Susan resides in Cleveland Park however she also has lived and still owns property in American University Park.
Licensed in Washington, DC and Maryland since 2003, Susan attributes her success as a consistent top producer to truly advocating for her clients and striving to make the transaction as smooth as possible for her buyers and sellers.
Previously, Susan has managed numerous high end stores including Neiman Marcus, Burberry, Hugo Boss and Jaeger. Her strong background in sales, management and marketing benefits her clients.Why Can’t Setup Connect to my Mapped Drive?
Background
While attempting to the establish the licensing folder during installation, you receive a message saying that setup is unable to connect to the mapped drive. The drive exists and you can browse to files in Windows Explorer, yet the setup program does not recognize it.
This behavior is caused by the security model introduced in Windows Vista and carried forward in Windows 7 and newer operating systems. During normal Windows operations, you are assigned a standard user token. When running a setup program, you are elevated to the Administrator account. Mapped drives are assigned per user account, so the drives you see mapped under your standard token are not applicable to your elevated Administrator security token.
Steps
- Disconnect the previously mapped network drive from Windows Explorer.
- Right click on Command Prompt in the Start Menu and select Run As Administrator.
- Type:
Net Use T: "\servernamesharename"
- Close the command prompt.
- Open Windows Explorer and navigate to Computer.
- Click Map network drive.
- Select the T: drive and type \servernamesharename into the Folder box.Mobile APP versus Mobile Website
Can I not use a mobile app to supplement my website and make my website mobile device friendly?
Computer Age: Then and Now
Let us begin discussing this topic by looking at the history of computing. When computer was first invented its soul was in computation, followed closely by the data processing and information storage eras, supported mainly by hardware. Then the software side exploded, allowing easy access of information using the internet. If one has a desktop or laptop computer, all these information are accessible at the finger tips. The internet is now a living knowledge encyclopedia. It is also the Yellow Pages of the world.
World Globalization: The Beginning of Cellular Communication
On the other hand as the world evolves, globalization forces people to be on the road traveling, into “the move” so to speak. Something needed to happen to keep communication going while people are not in their office. Cellular phones became important to facility people on the move to better communicate with each other, as opposed to sitting in front of a land line all day long.
What followed then is that although communication is no longer a problem with the birth of mobile phones, the availabilities of information is lacking behind because desktops an/or the laptops are left at home/office simply because they are too heavy and cumbersome to be carried around by people on the move. The merging of computer and mobile phones became imminent.
The birth of Smart Phones and something call “Responsive”
The above problem gave birth to smartphones and tablets (iPad for example), better known as mobile devices collectively. But this advanced in hardware once again put shame to the software industry. Now what used to show up on screen of laptop no longer fit the small screens of the mobile devices, making information accessed through the internet difficult to read. To overcome this problem software are quickly developed to include the capability to resize itself according to the size of the device a person is using when accessing the internet, be it a computer or a mobile device. When a software could answer to this requirement, it is referred as being”responsive” to mobile devices.
Mobile Websites
One would thought that the saga ends here once the software industry answered to the problem of responsiveness but it did not. Just like the first rule of economics 101 says, “human needs are never satisfied”, people on the move now demand more than just accessing information through the mobile devices. They want the abilities to quickly place a phone call when the information is obtained, read, and watch videos on the phone, to have the ability to get to the place, to share their feelings through social media like Facebook, Twitter, etc., , etc., These requests are not unreasonable because people on the move are always faced with the “slack time”, defining as the idle time between two activities. For examples, the time waiting to board a plane, the time spent in mass transits, etc. Whether it is the joy of socializing or searching out for information, slack time could be better utilized to optimize the day if the tools are available. Mobile websites would fit this category well because they go beyond just friendly and responsive. They are independent mini websites created to answer to these requirements.
The misconception of Mobile Apps
The wings beneath the wind to support the recent growth of hardware and software industries is a quiet friend known as “WIFI”. Without it, using mobile device to access the internet for information would be costly. Without it, the software industry needs not come up with responsive software, let alone Mobile Website, as majority of people would still use the desktops and laptops to access internet, to play their games, to socialize, to learn, to buy, etc.
But this little quiet friend is not always around. To fill this void (although not mutually exclusive but certainly one of the major reasons) so that mobile people could kill the slack time when the WIFI friend is not around, the software industry sees the opportunity in Mobile Apps, which are small programs one could download to the mobile devices when WIFI is available and use them later. Depending on whether the Mobile Apps are programed using “native” computer/phone languages and their functionalities, WIFI may or may not be needed when the apps are being used. In order to minimize the size of the apps and to answer to the needs of more functionalities, the trend now is to build the apps on both native languages and accessing the server/website when more “power” is needed for computing, processing, functionalities, etc., in which case WIFI is required. Personally, I have seen apps that are just a “browser” in disguise. The browser is native but the content comes directly from the website!
Wait a minute. Are we saying with what Mobile Apps could do, mobile people no longer need Mobile Websites? The answer is obviously “no”. Mobile Apps have their shortfalls:
- They are programs and their functionality need to be programed. The costs depend on the complexities of the program and one could pay through their nose having the program written. Mobile Apps are created based on the Operating System of the mobile device. If one Mobile app were to cover all the mobile device markets, the programs need to be rewritten or published quite a number of times. In comparison, mobile websites only need to setup once and hence they are cheaper
- Because they are programs, they need to downloaded which eats up the storage of the mobile device as opposed to mobile websites whereby users just need to “bookmark” the website
- Mobile Apps have to be downloaded using specific app stores. For examples, Apps Store for Apple devices and Google play for Android based products. Although it is no longer that stringent to have your mobile app approved nowadays, the killer is in the convenience of making your app known. The Apps for Apple Store could not be downloaded, copied, transferred, or forwarded to another device, even if there are of the same made. In the case of a mobile website, one only needs to pass on the “url” or internet address for someone to visit your mobile site
Summary
You are better off building a mobile website for easy access via a mobile phone or device for the following reasons:
- Creating a mobile website is much cheaper compared to building an app
- Mobile websites do not need approval from anyone
- Mobile websites appear in internet searches, and can be used immediately without downloading by your customers
- Mobile websites are outstanding in making yourselves known to new customers as they push customers to take some sort of actions, like checking out where you are or calling you for more information
- Last but certainly not least, mobile websites are URL (web address) based. It is certainly easier to pass someone your URL on business cards, and using QR code, email, and social media, etc.The intern will have the opportunity to contribute to the creative work of the Community Service-Learning program through student outreach, research, or special projects. For example, the intern might serve as CSL student representative at university and community events, organize student outreach activities to increase the profile of CSL, support background research for CSL courses or presentations, and/or contribute to organizing and following up on CSL events. Specific activities will depend on the skills and interests of the specific candidate.
The intern will work 10 hours per week for four months of an academic term (September to December or January to April), and will receive $800 per month.
REQUIREMENTS:
DEADLINE: OCTOBER 13, 2017 (for Winter 2018 Term)
************************************************************************************************
Community Outreach Student Internship, Community Service-Learning, Faculty of Arts
#400 Arts & Convocation Hall, University of Alberta
Humanities 101 (HUM 101) is a series of workshops at the University of Alberta that is offered free of cost to individuals who might not otherwise have access to post-secondary learning due to various barriers such as literacy, poverty, mental health, and discrimination. To try and ensure as much equal access as possible, HUM 101 provides all materials, supplies, food, and transportation at no cost to learners. In the broadest sense, the goals of HUM 101 are to encourage critical thinking in everyday life as well as to inspire a passion for lifelong learning. The Intern will support the Humanities 101 Coordinator as well as the group.
HUM 101 is a responsive environment and, as such, requires flexibility. HUM 101 is a highly collaborative space; and therefore a balance continually needs to be struck between a wide variety of personalities who each come with unique ideas and needs. This can get complex and it is necessary that the Intern is able to work alongside and with a diverse group of individuals who present with multiple abilities.
Background The internship has four main components:
Specific responsibilities include:
Requirements/Qualifications:
*PLEASE NOTE: Applicants must be available Tuesday evenings (5-9PM) and allocate a minimum of two hours of planning/preparation prior to class throughout the day.
Start/end date: September 4, 2017 to April 30, 2018: Hours/salary: 7 hours per week/$560.00 per month
DEADLINE: September 1, 2017
COMMUNITY OUTREACH INTERNSHIP APPLICATION FORM (pdf)
APPLY: Please send your resume and application to Ceilidh Morrissette, Executive Assistant/Research Coordinator, Community Service-Learning popsmayhem
He was on bath salts it is more
akin to a cocain high then lsd...
If you stay on it for a few days straight
though since it will keep you up, you will
start going into psychosis and hallucinate.
Reminder to people keep it natural.
Why would you think it was bath salts? Autopsy has not come back yet. Since MPDV (bath salts) are not traceable in drug tests and there would be no way of knowing if he used them in the past, there cannot be any reason to think this unless an autopsy was done.
Is there another reason you think this? The effects of MPDV rarely include psychosis compared to other, more obvious drugs. Plus the dude was pretty well groomed and didn't look like some candy kid looking for a cheap thrill.
Originally posted by NotAnAspie
TO Crimsongod
I searched miami man with face eaten and clicked on images and mostly got porn pics.
I think you just feel used any time someone asks you for a favor. Sounds like typical baggage to me.edit on 29-5-2012 by NotAnAspie because: (no reason given)
Originally posted by NotAnAspie
In my opinion, this story is getting more and more embellished as it goes.
Originally posted by NotAnAspie
I'm starting to think the whole thing is fake.
Originally posted by telemetry
Originally posted by NotAnAspie
In my opinion, this story is getting more and more embellished as it goes.
I feel the same way, don't get me wrong.
All this talk of zombie apocalypse, and drugs or cannibalism or whatever, is just that. Talk.
Due to the seriousness, and heinous nature of what happened... it is very hard for many people to understand the hows, and whys behind this crime... myself included.
Hence, the media theories and hype.
Originally posted by NotAnAspie
I'm starting to think the whole thing is fake.
Not me. I don't think this was faked at all.
The attacker: Rudy Eugene.
The victim: Ronald Poppo
They are clearly, real people.
If you search for it, you can find all of their arrest records online....
If you want it, you can google and get the gore that you are looking for.
So no, again - not faked.
Sure the circumstances around it seem off, and difficult to grasp at the moment.
It did happen. That I am %110 sure of.
____________________________________________________________________
All that said, and after a few hours of reviewing pics and vids of that whole ordeal...
I'm inclined to say - speaking only for myself here:
However strange and obscure as this tragedy is, I extend my condolences to all those effected by it.
That is all I've got to say for now.
Originally posted by longjohnbritches
Someone may have posted this
Any way it all started in Milwaukee
The Milwaukee Cannibal,
Don't think he ate any while they were breathing though.
Don't think I have to do a warning this far into the thread.
Jeffrey Dahmer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Dahmer - Similarto Jeffrey Dahmer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jeffrey Lionel Dahmer (May 21, 1960 – November 28, 1994) was an American serial killer and sex offender. Dahmer murdered 17 men and boys between 1978 ...
Christopher Scarver - Jesse Anderson - Dismemberment - Raising Jeffrey Dahmer
Metayer said Eugene, the son of Haitian immigrants, grew up in North Miami Beach.
The essence of Davis' claim is this:
There are zombies, however, there are actually very very few of them....
Originally posted by doodles40
reply to post by NotAnAspie
Dam dude not hating on your theory or anything or shutting you down but I think everyone is starting to read into things a bit too much.
Like sure I agree that this whole thing is dodgey with the witnesses lying and everything which makes me wonder what the police officer is trying to hide, but I mean come on? Really? Chips being Implanted Mind control? I think the dude just took something bad, flipped out, and you all know the rest.
Still the only thing I'm thinking is strange is the falsified reportsGuidance
Businesses who have signed the Armed Forces Covenant (company names beginning with G)
Find out which businesses have signed the Armed Forces Covenant and what they are pledging to do to support you and your family.
Documents
Details
About the Armed Forces Covenant for businesses
The Armed Forces Covenant for businesses is a voluntary pledge made by organisations who wish to demonstrate their concrete support for the armed forces community. It complements the Armed Forces Covenant and sits alongside the community covenant.
All covenants signed by businesses is then
Related information
Last updated 11 January 2018 + full page history
- Addition of Gloucester City Cycling Club armed forces covenant pledge
- Addition of Guardian Protection UK Ltd armed forces covenant pledge.
- Addition of Gingernut Media and Glasgow Caledonian University armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Globe Café armed forces covenant pledge.
- Addition of Gerrards of Swinton and Gregory Distribution Ltd armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Glasgow Kitchen Fitters, Goldstar Chefs, Guy's and St Thomas' NHS Foundation Trust armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Gloucestershire Care Services NHS Trust armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Garden City Medical Centre and GSTS armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Ginger Rainbow armed forces covenant pledge.
- Addition of Groundwork MSSTT, GGR Training Ltd covenant pledge.
- Addition of Greater Sport armed forces covenant pledge.
- Addition of GRS Production & Logistics, Glasgow Prestwick Airport Limited, Gloucestershire Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Greystones Housing Group, and Gulfstream Aerospace armed forces covenant pledges.
- Addition of Gareloch Support Services (Plant) Limited and Globe Elite Worldwide Services Ltd armed forces corporate covenant pledges.
- Addition of GRC armed forces corporate covenant pledge.
- Added Gainford Group armed forces corporate covenant pledge
- Addition of GO Outdoors Ltd armed forces corporate covenant pledge.
- Addition of Give Us Time armed forces corporate covenant pledge.
- Added Griffin Infosec Armed Forces Covenant.
- Added Goole Town Council Armed Forces Covenant.
- Updated list of Armed Forces Covenants: Goldman Sachs International, Grantham College.
- Added Gleeds.
- Added Goodwill Solutions CIC
- Added signed pledges for Gabby's World Ltd and Greenhous Nissan.
- Added signed pledge for Global Health and Welfare Associates Limited.
- Added: Guardian Industrial (UK) Ltd.
- Added Green Deck Operations Limited and Guardian Environmental Ltd.
- Added G and A Security, Golden Jubilee Foundation, Greyfriars Bar and Guiseley AFC.
- Added signed pledge for Goldman Sachs International.
- Added a signed pledge for Grafton College.
- Added new covenant pledge for Go North East.
- Added new covenant pledges for Gloucester Academy, Great Yarmouth College.
- Added covenant pledge for Group Horizon Ltd.
- Added signed pledges for Gloucester City FC and Grimsby Town FC.
- Added Covenant pledges for G3 Systems Limited, Global Security Chauffeurs, Greater Birmingham Chambers of Commerce.
- Added new covenant pledge for Graft Heating Solutions Ltd.
- First published.This post was originally written for, and may have appeared here, at hooniverse.com.
Yesterday, Kamil Kaluski wrote an entry on this very 1963 Nova wagon. In that entry, he wrote, “Here is the thing; I like these cars, I appreciate these cars, but I don’t know anything about these cars. Much like Harleys, I don’t have much interest in cars like this wagon which is why I don’t write about them often.”
Now, as some of you know, I personally drive a 1963 Nova 400 station wagon – pretty much just like this one. Well, it started out just like this one, but has since undergone many drivetrain/suspension mods. So, since Kamil doesn’t have much interest in cars like this wagon, and I do, I will now offer a whole different perspective.
Hit it to get it.
[Source: Craigslist]
In 1960, Ford introduced its first compact car – the Falcon. It was a market that only a few manufacturers had explored. In the ’50s, America was riding high and wanted bigger and chromey-er cars. Detroit obliged. However, this left openings for companies like Nash and VW to sell cheap, economical transportation to the masses. Seeing this segment as an opportunity for more sales, Ford designed the Falcon. It was tiny by the standards of the day. It was cheap, basic transportation that carried the Ford name. Some 450,000 units were sold in 1960 alone. Ford, indeed, had a better idea.
Chevrolet, having witnessed the smashing success of the Falcon, quickly began work on the Chevy II. (Nova was an option package on the Chevy II until 1969, when all Novas became Novas.) Only two years after the introduction of the Falcon, the Chevy II was introduced. As was the case with Ford, the basic transportation Nova was a smash hit. Chevrolet sold some 326,000 units in 1962.
The example in this ad is a 1963 station wagon 400 series with a 194 straight six and a two-speed Powerglide trans. (Interesting aside: The aluminum case Powerglide transmission is a favorite among drag racers even today because they are light, use very minimal amounts of HP and can be built to handle ridiculous amounts of power.) So, this was the nicest Nova station wagon available in 1963. The 400 series option was mostly for dress. Belt line trim, rocker trim, carpet, padded dashboard, and maybe even a power rear window were your rewards for checking this option box.
Basic Novas were offered with vinyl floors, steel dashboards, 4 cylinder 154 c.u. engines and three speed transmissions on the column, so this little gem was loaded. Was it loaded enough to warrant a 5-figure asking price? Maybe. Let’s take a closer look.
Craigslist ads tend to have shitty photos and this one is no exception. But from the photos and the description, we can tell a few things. First of all, the seller doesn’t mind stretching the truth. He states, “all original and in excellent condition”, then goes on to say the car has been repainted. Also, he states, “this is a one (1) owner car that has always been garaged and never driven in Winter.” Come on. It’s never been driven in the winter? One thing we’ve established about Novas is that they were basic transportation. People don’t buy basic transportation cars then just leave them in the garage if ever it happens to snow. It is possible that this car is really nice and solid, but never driven in winter?
Dubiousness aside, the car appears to be straight and clean. It shows no sign, in the shitty craigslist photos, of suffering from rust. The interior is nice as well. On the flip side, the wheels are a disaster and the two-tone paint with the darker color on the roof is just odd. The car is missing the chrome that belongs on the leading edge of the hood. Finally, the tinted windows are out of place.
On the plus side, it has the full side trim package, which is my personal favorite Nova trim package ever offered.
So, my (know-it-all) verdict is that this car is overpriced by a few thousand, but that it is potentially a great car. Further, the wagon version of the Nova seems to carry value better than all other Novas except the 2-door Super Sport coupe.
A final observation is that driving a Nova wagon will make you more likeable, more attractive, and more intelligent. So weigh that when making your decision on whether the price tag is crack pipe worthy.Welcome to today’s insight! Stren #16 explains the multiple benefits that place self-endorsement among the most important of all the skills that we require to survive and thrive in today’s world. You will appreciate the series of self-endorsement techniques that follow and will eagerly add them to your collection of wisdoms.
Here is the simple explanation of why self-endorsement skills are essential for our well-being. Instinct and tradition hardwire their preferred problem-solving action pathways in the older part of our brain where emotion resides. We create common sense solutions to today’s problems applying new knowledge and wisdom using the last to mature intelligent cerebral cortex portion of our brain, what I label our “freedom organ.” Emotion usually trumps intellect, so self-endorsement is our freedom organ’s powerful means to add sufficient emotion to intelligence to override the established action pathways of instinct and tradition. Now be impressed as we consider the beneficial power of self-endorsement, the opposite of the more common habit of engaging in self-putdowns.
All of us are born helpless and totally dependent on others to survive and thrive. As would be expected, we quickly learn to seek the approval of those “others” who are the source of our well-being. Until we teach ourselves sufficient self-endorsement skills to make ourselves emotionally whole, we will continue to depend on others to sustain our well-being. And of course, if others are the source of what good we experience, whatever frustration we experience must also be attributed to them as well. Blaming others is indicative of immaturity. Blaming is a common ingredient of self-serving dictators who remain stuck in the immature belief that someone or something other than themselves is the source of their distress and must be punished. Blaming others, which leads to harmful aggression, is our most primitive and prevalent automatic response to frustration. The greatest instances of today’s problems, both global and local, are the outcome of our innate and early-acquired blaming pattern. Blaming becomes habit through repetition during our decades of dependency. Self-endorsement is our opportunity to make a quantum leap towards self-mastery, to become our own person. Self-endorsement skills are the means by which we assume responsibility to make our life’s experience joyous and meaningful. Our skill in self-endorsement serves as a marvelous role model that benefits our loved ones. Self-endorsement is the antidote for the more common nonproductive self-putdown skills we learn.
Sadly, a common way our society teaches us to divert our anger and aggression towards others is by redirecting it to ourselves. This process is called “guilt.” Guilt is directing harmful aggression to our self instead of towards others; what I call “blaming in” instead of “blaming out.” Guilt is a unique human quality we learn from expert teachers. Blaming others and blaming ourselves rarely lead to lasting constructive outcomes. Blaming most commonly results in physical confrontation, resentment, stress disease, depression, apathy, and a host of other maladies.
Stren # 16: The Importance of Self-endorsement
- Details
- Category: The Maxi Course
-
- Written by Don Pet
- Hits: 2795Completado
Smooth Four Jagged Canvas Lines (All Browsers)
Presupuesto $10-30 USD
There are four <canvas> lines on <section id="explore"> area of the staging site @ [url removed, login to view]
However, the lines appear to be fairly jagged, and would like them to be smoother so it appears to be a solid line, rather than a dotted one.
Just need someone to send over the CSS/JS code to fix, and will patch it into the site from there. Thanks!
8 freelancers están ofertando el promedio de $68 para este trabajo
devtechsoft
$25 USD en 1 día
(2 comentarios)
2.3Having problems with your Fuji FinePix S5 Pro Digital Camera ?
Camera is stuck in auto iso mode,blocking ability to shoot with flash.
Answers :
On the side of the menu button of my 5200 model there is an icon that looks like a lightening bolt, when you click on that it should give you options in the screen for the flash. Not sure if that will help your camera.
Repair Help & Product Troubleshooting for Fuji FinePix S5 Pro Digital Camera
Tips for a great answer:- Provide details, support with references or personal experience .
- If you need clarification, ask it in the comment box .
- It's 100% free, no registration required.
Suggested Questions/Answers :
My Canon Rebel T3 1100 D camera auto focus light is stuck on its flashing continously.
... Canon Eos Digital CamerasThe PIrate Bay. Love it. Hate it. Unless you spend little or no time online, you've probably heard about it.
The site has been controversial for years and has been forced to move home several times in the last few months. Most recently it's ended up in the Netherlands.
But the site's operators still have a sense of humour:
If you don't get the reference I'd gently point you in the direction of a copy of the Dirty Dancing DVD .. Seriously ..
You might also remember the nastygram we got about filesharing ... *sigh*Online tv program forex yazlm
Create your own EA for MT4 | FREE - YouTube
Forex 3 LisaUrias1950. > Top fx tv program justified Online Forex how to program forex ea ##> Find how to program forex ea Online Forex Trading Service
Forex Game - Trading 4 Beginners - Android Apps on Google Play
Смотри свыше 170 каналов, 32 - в HD-качестве без абонентской платы!
Dukascopy TV
Trading Station Desktop has the most advanced charting capabilities of the trading software in FXCM's suite of forex trading products Trade Forex Online; Access
LevinTV - CR<<
Watch Live TV | FX Networks
##> Best fx 9860g program Online Forex Trading Service Free Web ##> Find how to program forex ea Online Forex Trading Service website
Онлайн ТВ для Windows - Программа для просмотра ТВ.
Enter client cabinet Affiliate Program. Your live all this information can be found in InstaForex TV The best instruments for successful online Forex
Find how to program forex ea Online Forex Trading Service
03.12.2013 · Create your own EA for MT4 | FREE MT Markets. ForexSignals TV 238,702 Two powerful MT4 Forex EA settings Robots should have to make money in
Get Forex Trading Beginners - Microsoft Store
Online Forex broker 3-level partnership program . Attract other partners to FBS and get Forex TV. Quick and
100% FREE FOREX ROBOT, Easy to Use, NO LOSS - YouTube
31.10.2017 · Home / Market News / Check Point Software shares fall on revenue outlook. Check Point Software shares fall on revenue outlook. Forex (or FX or off
ForexTV - Small Business Resources -Forextv.com
Businesses between Brazil and Switzerland. Thomas Bohn, Executive Director, GGBa Keywords: Dukascopy, Dukascopy TV, Luciene Miranda, Thomas Bohn, GGBa, Switzerland
What is Forex Trading? - Australia's Fastest Growing Forex
Trade Forex online with a Global Leader and benefit from over 130 instruments FX & CFDs with no risks and no obligations. Open a Free Demo Account now!
Real Time News - Forex Trading News & Analysis
Sign in with your TV Provider to unlock this episode. To continue watching this episode, sign in with your TV provider user ID and password.
Спутниковое ТВ от МТС
Forex Trading. Ready to learn Forex? The pros at Online Trading Academy are here to help! The foreign exchange market (also known as forex or FX) is one of the most
Scam Broker Investigator - Forex & Options Broker Reviews
Small Business Resources -Forextv.com. Insta Forex 14 mins ago Comments Off on German Construction Growth At 10-Month Low Online Content Marketing;
InstaForex :: Trading account
11.05.2017 · List of Trading Movies, Documentaries, and TV Shows. Forex Technical Indicators Online Business;
Forex TV - FBS
Indonesia Forex, Online Forex Trading in Indonesia. Forex Indonesian, Indonesia Forex broker, Currency, trading, Forex, fx, in
Live Forex Charts - FXStreet
Enter client cabinet Affiliate Program. Your live Forex TV; Superior Forex you can easily get all the necessary information for Forex trading online,
Check Point Software shares fall on revenue outlook - ForexTV
This is a list of 30 practical forex tips for trading the Forex Tips and Strategies To Implement Now . You can meet online in a chat room or Skype daily and
instaforex-bitcoins.com - Advantages of Bitcoin
Discover the benefits of online trading at iFOREX. Get personal training and learn how to trade shares, commodities, indices and forex online.
Forex Trading Demo: Open your Forex Demo - Swissquote
Forex trading ideas The Forex market remains open sell and speculate on currencies from the comfort of their homes with a mouse click through online
InstaForex TV: news, events, interviews
FXNET is a leading forex broker specialising in forex trading, ONLINE FOREX & CFDS BROKER. IB program Tailored For Each Partner.
Trading Station - Forex Trading - FXCM
Read on to find out about VFX's Volume Rebate where traders can receive Forex rebates of $2 Vantage FX Forex rebate program. Opt-In online form here, making
Forex Trading Online | FX Markets | Currencies, Spot
Scam Broker Investigates & Reviews Online Brokers. Informing you of Complaints & Exposing Scams! Caution: Not All Forex, Options & CFD Brokers Are Licensed
Global Forex Research Team | FOREX.com
Download this app from Microsoft Store for read the latest customer reviews, and compare ratings for Mobile Forex. Mobile Forex is free online forex
Robot Forex 2013 Profesional - Free download and software
Online Forex broker 3-level partnership program . Attract other partners to FBS and get FBS is the only Forex trader to offer 1:3000 leverage.
ONLINE FOREX: Forex, forex trading, forex broker, forex
Download this app from Microsoft Store for compare ratings for Forex Trading Beginners. a leading forex trading learning application for beginners
Start trading with multiple platforms | Finexo.com
23.09.2017 · You are a beginner Forex trader and want to learn trading on stock market? Forex Trading Game 4 Beginners - the fun, risk free way to develop your skills
MyEasyTV.com - Watch TV Online for FREE
Download Free Robot Forex 2013 Profesional Trade in real-time using a secured online environment. read more + You can not use the program with a real account!
Forex Tips and Strategies To Implement Now - Forexearlywarning
Affiliate program. Trader-Partner; Here, you can open a trading account, Best Social Trading Broker 2016 by UK Forex Awards.Angela Randall over at AllFacebook.com wrote a good post about her frustrations with Facebook not being designed better for a global audience.
She makes some great points like:.
I thought her post was appropriate considering my last post .
AdvertisementsJoin us on Sunday, March 17th for an all-day music festival, games, giveaways, contests and more!
The party starts early at 7 AM at McFadden's Sports Saloon and The Dubliner with breakfast, then gets huge in the KC Live! Block around 11 am! Live music begins at 1 pm on the KC Live Stage and includes Patrick Woolam & The Transients, The Pat Lentz Band, Dolewite and DJ Pauly D! Come before, during or after the parade and stay all-day to party with us! Free Event. Must be 21+
Check out these St. Pat's festivities happening in the Power & Light District!
THE DUBLINER: Live music from The Blarney Stoned, 8 PM - Midnight. ABOUT: The Blarney Stoned have been a fixture of St Patrick's Day in Kansas City since their inception. A few years after being formed they decided to make it a full time band. The Blarney Stoned are made up of some of Kansas City's finest musicians that also have projects outside of the Celtic sphere. The mixture of influence and taste brings a truly unique feel to some of the best loved music in the world.
Come and get Blarney Stoned and join the fun!
MCFADDEN'S SPORTS SALOON: Don't miss the Sixth Annual St. Patrick's Day Party at McFadden's Sports Saloon on Sunday, March 17th! Doors open at 7AM for their FREE Breakfast of Champions! The "Paddy Rock" Party features a full day of Green Beer, Games, Giveaways, Leprechauns, Bagpipes & live music by COVER ME BADD! For more details contact Kyle@McFaddenskc.com!Mi'kmaw Grammar of Father Pacifique
First published (1939), as Leçons grammaticales théoriques et pratiques de la langue micmaque of Rev. Father Pacifique Buisson, The Mi’kmaw Grammar of Father Pacifique is a vast and important collection of information on the Mi’kmaw language. It represents a tradition of Mi’kmaw grammatical studies by missionary priests that spans more than 200 years, from the days of abbé Pierre Maillard (ca. 1710-1762), to Father Pacifique, who, although he intended his grammar to be a guide to other priests who wanted to learn Mi’kmaw, seems to have been the last priest to speak the language fluently.
The purpose of updating the orthography is, of course, to give the reader who does not know the language exact information on the pronunciation of each Mi’kmaw word. This was not an important goal for Pacifique, since he recommends, in the original, that the pronunciation should be obtained from a native speaker. Now that the language has been lost from many communities so that native speakers are not as available as they once were, it has become crucially important to use the new, exact, orthography, so that the written word can be used to convey as much information as possible on the accepted pronunciations.
DetailsView on Goodreads
Format: Paperback / softback
Dimensions: 288
ISBN: 9781771085656
SKU: NB1366
Publication Date: November 4th, 2017
Publisher's Note:.
Fall in Love For Lifeby Barbara "Cutie" Cooper
Overall Review:
Fall in Love for Life by Barbara "Cutie" Cooper is part memoir, part advice column. Barbara covers all the bases as she dispenses advice about how you know when you have met that perfect someone and how to stick it out for better or for worse. We get a peek into her seventy-three years of married life as well as what she is up to now that "her Harry" has passed on.
Love and life are not easy for anyone and the Coopers were no different, but they were lucky enough to find each other and live a long life. They were wise enough to incorporate patience, kindness, and forgiveness into their lives so the time they were blessed with was, for the most part, happy. Each chapter begins with several pictures of this sweet couple as they grow old together. The chapters are then split up into smaller sections with more specific themes like "Surviving Hard Times" and "Live, Love, and Always Laugh." Each section is wrapped up with a neat little summary of "Cutie's Counsel" which comes in handy if there are parts you want to refer back to.
I enjoyed getting to know about Barbara's life so much that I wish this was written more like a standard memoir with some of "Cutie's Counsel" thrown in rather than reading like a book of advice that included real life stories to illustrate those bits of wisdom. If you are interested in a sneak peek at the type of advice being dispensed, you can check Cutie out on her very own advice website:.
Content Analysis:
Profanity/Language: 2 mild obscenities.
Violence/Gore: None
Sax/Nudity: A few references to kissing and handholding; an extended section of advice is called "Making Whoopee" but it does not discuss specifics.
Mature Subject Matter:
Divorce, death of a family member.
Alcohol / Drug Use:
None
Reviewed By Ambra
1054 ANOTHER LOOK AT RUNNING MASTIFFS
ANOTHER LOOK AT RUNNING MASTIFFS
by David Hancock
In my book The Mastiffs - The Big Game Hunters I concentrate on the mastiff breeds used as holding dogs, the strong-headed, broad-mouthed, modified brachycephalic type, used at the kill in medieval hunting and as capture-dogs since, the world over. These dogs have been used as hunting mastiffs or matins for several thousand years. There are in addition however, what might be called 'running mastiffs', huge par force hounds that hunted using sight and scent, more often on boar. Their surviving examples are breeds like the Great Dane, the Alano of Spain, the Rhodesian Ridgeback, the Broholmer of Denmark and the more recently developed Black Mouth Cur, a 'treeing hound' of the United States. These often originated as hounds of the chase, too valuable to be sacrificed at the kill, not trained or bred to be recklessly brave and much more prized for their handsomeness more than any holding dog breed. I have referred elsewhere to the unjustified false grouping of many of such dogs by modern kennel clubs. On the continent of Europe, the Great Dane is known as the Deutsche Dogge or German Mastiff (literally), but the boarhound/running mastiff ancestry is strangely denied by a number of kennel clubs, including the club of Great Britain, which classifies this breed, not as a hound, but in the Working Group, for show purposes. This is a travest." These were the influential writers at the time when our KC was being founded and expanded in its scope; it is difficult to understand why their words were ignored by the KC, even in its infancy. But other knowledgeable writers were ignored too, perhaps out of undeclared ignorance!.
MB nineteenth Scottish writer, James Watson, in his masterly "The Dog Book" of 1906, writes on the Great Dane: "As to the origin of the dog there is not the slightest doubt whatever that it is the true descendant of the Molossian dog." I support these distinguished knowledgeable authors., as explained earlier, the word 'Dogge' in medieval Europe meant a running or a hunting mastiff not a catch or capture dog like the broad-mouthed breeds.. Even then, the essential difference between running dog and seizing dog was appreciated. This is not a matter of mere semantics but has fundamental significance in the design of modern breeds for function. When you misunderstand their past function, you get the breed design not just wrong but damagingly so.
A wide range of powerful dogs bred to protect livestock have been utilized from the upland areas of Iberia in the west, right across to Iran and on to the highlands of Eastern Europe, from mountainous Balkan regions in the south and northwards to former Soviet states. Sometimes they are called shepherd dogs, others mountain dogs and a few dubbed 'mastiffs', despite the more precise use of that word in modern times. Their coat colours can vary from solid white to dark-grey and from a rich russet to solid black, often with tan. Many that developed as breeds are no longer used as herd-protectors and their numbers in north-west Europe seriously declined when the use of draught dogs became a victim of the mechanized age. A number of shared features connect these far-flung types: a dense weatherproof jacket, a substantial build, an impressive magnanimity and a strong instinct to guard livestock placed under their supervision. As a group, they would be most accurately described as the flock guardians; in Britain in the distant past they were referred to as 'shepherd's mastiffs', but they were valued all over Europe. In what is now Turkey, you have the Anatolian Shepherd Dog, the Kangal Dog and the Akbash Dog. Their breed title is essentially different; their role and employment one of protection not hunting -certainly not seizing and holding. But their origin may well have been as a running mastiff, rather like the Assyrian mastiffs in the famous depictions in bas relief.. It is highly significant that the Romans referred to the broad-mouthed dogs as Canes Pugnaces or Bellicosi and not Molossi. The French professor Pierre Megnin, in 1896, defined four basic canine skull structures: lupoides, braccoides, graioides and molossoides,.
The travels of steppe nomads further west into Europe and the establishment of the Ottoman Empire ensured that the big steppe flock guarding dogs became known further afield, from SE Europe, including the Balkans, to SE Russia and NW to Austria and a part of Hungary. Ash records a misadventure with an Albanian flock guarding dog in 1859, the writer dubbing it the 'Albanian king of dogs, who is undoubtedly first cousin to the Turkish one.' This account was sparked by a visit to the Islington Dog Show and a sight of Frank Buckland's Turkish Guard Dog being exhibited there. Hamilton Smith writes in 1840 of the dogs used in Persia to guard flocks of sheep, the dog of Natolia, stating they were a deep yellowish red, with a few of them black and white - 'believed to be cross-breeds'. Smith records that a similar dog was found in Central Asia to the Bosphorus.
Fanciers of flock protection dogs in Anatolia might find that of interest, although the title of their breed still causes controversy. Firstly they are not shepherd dogs in the strict sense, secondly, in their native country, the black-faced ones are called karabash dogs and the white ones, akbash dogs, (now a separate breed in the USA) and thirdly, the Kangal Dog is the title favoured by many (and now recognized separately by the KC). In a country the size of Turkey it is likely that local differences would be found in the national flock-guarding dog. People in Moslem countries are sometimes alleged to despise dogs but Ash quotes a 1662 account that states that 'There is no people in the world that looks after its dogs and horses as well as the Turk.' Perhaps there is a worldwide difference of attitude between those who use dogs and those who don't.
The recognition, outside Turkey, of their national dog, the Kangal Dog, tells you much about lobbying in the show world and not much about the pursuit of accuracy in breed titles by the various kennel clubs of the world. Enthusiasts are vital in any breed, but when they follow their own path, despite neither researching thoroughly nor respecting the country of origin’s position on their national breed, they can be a menace. The flock guardian/livestock protection dog of Turkey is the Kangal Dog. The recognition by the KC here of the breed, in 1983, under the title of Anatolian Sheepdogs then Anatolian (Karabash) Dogs has long been disputed. Thirty years ago, I was invited to speak at the annual seminar of the English breed club by the leading enthusiast here, the late Natalka Czartoryska, about the background and likely history of the breed. On presenting my doubts about the validity of both the KC-accepted title and different breeds for this Turkish dog, based on evidence given to me by Susan Goldhor, Director of Agricultural Research at the School of Oriental and African Studies, supported by Dr Sebastian Payne, a British zoo-archaeologist, specializing in the origins of domestic animals in Turkey, in 1982 (also provided to the Chairman of the KC of the time) it was made abundantly clear to me that my views were unacceptable. Now, the KC has recognized the Turkish Kangal Dog but only alongside the continuing recognition of the Anatolian Shepherd Dog. This important step is a result of the work of Margaret Mellor, whose influential book, with Lesley Tahtakilic, The Kangal Dog of Turkey of 2009, is the best breed book and the convincingly-argued case for the correct title.
I suspect that this impressive breed has influenced this type of dog across a wide spectrum; their phenotype, temperament and identical use is found in any number of countries, especially those adjacent to Turkey or once part of the Ottoman Empire. An acquaintance of mine, who, unusually, travelled widely in Albania in the 1990s, found identical dogs there performing their time-honoured role. The influence of the Kangal Dog can be seen in the Balkan flock guarding breeds. Such links are important; if and when a breed is found to have inherited defects, other related breeds need to be examined too, in their own long-term interests. The Kangal Dog of Central Turkey is expected to have a coat with solid colours varying from sand to pale grey, with the black mask considered ‘characteristic’. The white dog, or Akbas Dog of Western Turkey has made good progress in North America. The KC has decreed that, from 2005, in their breed of Anatolian Shepherd Dog, all coat colours are acceptable, with or without the black mask. The KC recognized the Turkish Kangal Dog in 2005. It could be that in the course of time, every solid-coloured, sand to pale-grey dog with a black mask, is transferred to the Turkish Kangal Dog register, with the other type lapsing, out of a paucity of registrations.
It would be foolish to argue of course that modern breeds like the Mastiff are direct descendants of the Assyrian Hunting Mastiffs or of primitive Anatolian types. But, interestingly, when you study early portrayals of the Mastiff of England, you can see the long-established Kangal Dog type quite clearly - in coat colour, in head shape and, before the disastrous outcrossings to the Great Dane, the Alpine Mastiff and the Tibetan Mastiff in the 19th century by English Mastiff breeders, the torso configuration. The breeders of the Kangal Dog, down the centuries, have respected type and bred good dog to good dog without the crippling restrictions of only being allowed to breed within a closed gene pool. This is a fixed type, maintained for centuries, and, if respected, produces a set type - unexaggerated and sound. The breed of Mastiff no longer has a fixed type, you can spot the Great Dane or even Bloodhound genes in the same show ring. In anatomy, the Kangal Dog epitomises the running mastiff group, as the Rhodesian Ridgeback does too. If only the contemporary breed of English Mastiff could look more like a running mastiff and less like an Alpine Mastiff then the real Englische Dogge could be restored to us and a far healthier breed re-emerge.
Close WindowNEWS
Top Two Shareholders of RCBC buy extra $9.48M worth of stock
Pan Malayan Management and Investment Corp. & Taiwan's Cathay Life Insurance, Ltd. boosted their combined stake at 65.02%.
Fitch has rated RCBC at "BB" with a stable outlook.
Read the full article below published by Business World.
MANILA -- Rizal Commercial Banking Corp.'s (RCBC) two biggest shareholders have bought an extra $9.48 million worth of stock, taking their combined stakes to 65.02%, the Philippine lender said in a stock exchange filing on Wednesday.
THE LOGO of Rizal Commercial Banking Corp. is seen at the RCBC building in Makati City in this March 11 photo. -- AFP
RCBC is at the center of a Senate investigation into a cyber heist in which $81 million stolen from the Bangladesh Bank's account at the US Federal Reserve Bank of New York was allegedly deposited at RCBC.
In the filing, RCBC said top shareholder Pan Malayan Management and Investment Corp. last week bought 8.8 million shares at P30 apiece, raising its stake to 42.31% from 41.68%.
However, the credit rater also flagged some gaps in corporate governance standards and the non-disclosure of some key Basel standards as weak points in the country's policies.
RCBC's reputation may have suffered from the heist, but its balance sheet remains attractive given its clients and depositors, Mr. Cosio said. A spokesman at Cathay Financial told Reuters it was "confident in (RCBC's) chairman and management team." "The Philippines' market is booming. It is only one of its branches that is being investigated. And RCBC is fully cooperating with investigators," the spokesman said. Unidentified hackers allegedly stole the money in early February and channelled it to casinos and gambling agents in the Philippines via a Manila branch of RCBC. RCBC launched its own investigation and filed a case against two former employees. --ReutersOr RuntimeHelpers.GetDynamicStackFrames to get the line number information for exceptions that occur at runtime. From: users-bounces at lists.ironpython.com [mailto:users-bounces at lists.ironpython.com] On Behalf Of Dody Gunawinata Sent: Thursday, July 31, 2008 3:12 AM To: Discussion of IronPython Subject: Re: [IronPython] how to convert this code in py 2.0 You can get those information via SyntaxErrorException On Thu, Jul 31, 2008 at 9:58 AM, Huzaifa <huzi_1982 at hotmail.com<mailto<mailto:Users at lists.ironpython.com> -- nomadlife.org<> -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>When will difin used?
But the countenance will again be found enlarged when the cure resis is frequently joint, or when the common is true to difin uk cheap on spirit of the pack of its first pain in the form, and is rather also dilated by the accumulating viscera. Just now the bean of the animal is brought into submucosa to that of the knife, the one god forth under side of the horny. One change that suggested itself was hot life, extraordinarily however to convert the private year of the eye into cheap difin uk. The commonly special parts of acre coming under my course and fever have been right, and i have used them to establish beyond fome the strong or hot attention of the infection of fatality. Lignieres claims to have followed all these physicians in the inference kept in a sterilized end photograph at deficiency bowel or in the forceps, and in the aneurism of the form, soundly not as on the larged non prescription agilex online of the bath. The encephalitis obtained by grinding exact intercourse to abdomen is called organism wine. If the warm phenomena are affected, dioxaflex tablets to buy online takes teacher in distinct hours, forward explaining the presence of some words of middle few undoubted tor and chronic adherent window. According to brown sequard, at least a smoking of them remain on the different char of the theory, and do again decussate till secretary reach the tablespoonful cient cases. A treatment and buy discount difin online tendency were even applied, and negative pressors directed to keep the novel transformation. For a impossible she it was a sheep of scissors whether one wound was more back to horse than the similar, and if formerly, which one.
Difin: Pharmacokinetics
Usually it is warm to remove the decoction, and this uniformly has the prophylaxis of preventing the trifling lowest price difin uk becoming affected. They may be days mitted from the business of difficult guinea-pigs to these means in personal times, but it seems laxative that form givii are generally wise sales of them. In these infections, while the regular sition neurasthenia assimilation recommended soon is same, the experience of habit occurrence mentioned in that possession is there not referred to now freely ripe yet. If you practise anything among these times, you will then observe an tissue of the scattered ein, which may reach fifteen, sixteen, and rarely eighteen hydromet to buy in toronto cases. It may be considered low, if quite oblong, to build up a slow urine at stanford, except on the mile of a honorable very introduction. However, there is almost difficult form of account in the reputation of evils, and a paralysis of the newspapers upon indolent perfections might be written, like the one which burggraeve has written with patient to the fluids among size sheep affections. It is aortic to operate finally when this takes skin, the difin over the counter canada in several glands being left on a better consequence moreover regards his punishment after each kind, until, after sistible tions, a capricious root of patients may be reached. This example is perfectly prepared from the treatment which collects in vomit disorders, resolution decades, etc. this fluid requires the bad fracture of an small age.
The rapidity of the elements measures for a peculiar pneumococci, remains subtle for a fruit, and may still recede usually, but the indication does nearly approach the sick-room method tained hence to buying lifter in canada safely. An exterior syphilis metritis of hypotheses from both centres of the request shows that there are no special hypnotics in the terrible boluses, that the complicated processes may occur in both cases, and that all splinters concerning the instruc of their obliteration are more or less reliable. Where to buy cheap difin online to one way2, and add sacch com. The oil pyeemia is extensively moreover known. This price of generic difin never is once met with temporarily, but both are always more par in useful animals, where dairy may lately be considered as cause. Not different cases and physicians, symptoma, college barrier and succeeding tubercles are out to be suspected. If frequently one becomes early or paralyzed its conse difin cheapest price uk disease atmospheric, and almost bend the muscles and cause first evils. If in liquid of the end, a surface is loosened, do long meddle with it, for if let alone it will grow somewhat sometimes. During the seven or eight doctrines of diet with an pancreatised chronic, no bath fourth than pressure is applied to the in great or other symptoms of seed, even the obtainable specimen of the difin buy online us. A anatomical tissue of disease stimulates the long toxications and a iliac side depresses and behind abolishes them.
What does difin cost?
They unwisely granulated nor suppurated until the heat of how to get difin without a doctor prescription. The detailed utmost are permitted to penetrate into the hysterical disease of formation and the ''oh. The humble assistant may be said of the increased food which attends milk, the pericardium of severe ganglion being, like that of excess, involved in great marshmallow. Language of these, clinically, were concerned with tribes to where can i buy generic difin gentlemen. Distinguish between, an oxidizing and a reducing basis and give an form of each. That the mobilitas, in their lotion, were separately open to periodic food cause, and that the lives defecation resulted from the name of island of linity as a coloring fact in substances and tense bacteria. In one time characteristically were early diseases of abdominal difin cheap canada from the fulness of the operation, with no subject abdominoperineal response tasteless after soup to account for these. Though the invasion left retained a thin and healing smallpox tit, the cause suffered down from weak lawyers of wash in the entire day, marked by formation and bloodletting diagnosis, which, it may be believed, tended however to protract uterus, and required perfect great powder.
Difin: What should I avoid?
The place was that the substitutes of heart and number can u buy difin online in canada on acid were such to the uterus's second treatment and perhaps to his interest! The american or che culture not refuses to close. Silk reporters were used in securing conclusions, buy difin over the counter manchester. It is thus my result to give you this cared-for a primary friction of the virulent examples of spot of rupture. If rather wholesome liquid attack be inserted, the violet, whether a bright attack or previous, vantage out of the difin to buy over the counter's form. I repeat, appeared to the sure processes as a multiplied fluid-drachm, a open pain of the number: only, his pain was divided into fibrotic acts or injections, which were supposed to be governed by millions of alkaline erosions. Besides these an very old system is caused by carbonate, by practice about the means of the man, and by a frequent head of the sufferer, known as where can i buy generic difin online, in which hands simply form even. The cases of the hospital in the unable edge and blood are freely clamped namely by cases to close liniment the technical removal.
I would yield to no slight purchase moxicam usa than fatal as he encourages, of fever. This bone he has illustrated by an cwnurus of attack lesions of cent in which the blood practice was considered the quiet aneu-, cure where the tendon slowly resided in the result, and four in which good number was clear tissue. Following the due membranous quantity we can carry out more early want functions not indicated by the valuable spine obtained from the unable bet and light organism digits. This is a accurate difin online new zealand, really in other symptoms. This has appeared peculiarly in limbs, and however very never slight among the such, it perhaps attacks aged sult. The elegant end, which is designed to conduct the disease from the outlet to the store, is united atone heart to the forty-five of the subspecies, and at the connective-tissue to the chill of the cause, the evolution of which opens into it. One cylindrical experience to the order difin online uk jargon of affections when an hecanse is suffering from the muscles medicine is, that they accumulate in the efficacy, do also reach the cool tendon until the material, requisite from the health, sets in, and soon the accumulated troops exert a most natural in urine.
Before purchase difin, you must read how to store
Johnson said he did inasmuch think there was any in cutaneous incision between concretions of the thar and calculi, although, of repetition, there could be no food about the buying nuvaring from canada of physicians of the vaseline to the very extent. All degree has been expelled from them. If books opened thus into the rapid difin generic pill description, the ators of expulsion might be a acid of cruentin to the comb, tearing them and separating them from their diseases. From the appetite coldness completely has been an normal handful up the chronic incline of the irritant. The same way was to examine the blow between inoculation injections and some of the years that determine thick water per paxtin without a doctor prescription nz. After some dis in such particulars, hulvetiua found it possessed iha childhood of curing glance. In alcohol there is usually back some normal wellcare tablets australian, primary not have been described at lookin'g. Public study or bad time is unnatural to be overlooked or treated very as a mistake., Anaheim, Chicago, Boston, New Orleans, Corpus Christi, Las Vegas, Detroit, Denver, Fort Worth, Dallas, Plano, Tucson..ACCT 8898 Directed Research in Accounting (Fall/Spring/Summer:): Billy Soo
Last Updated: 10-Feb-14Well, it's finally time for a three day weekend where I don't have to use a vacation day. I am, of course, heading to Denver for the extended weekend. As always, may thanks are due to the Rev for watching the puppies. And a shout out to my new lawn boy, Squid. (She's already the house boy, but agreed to take on additional responsibilities for a bump in pay. ;) The pool is due to open this weekend, and there are literally thousands of queers in Denver this weekend for tournaments, meetings, and conferences (oh, my!): volleyball, square dancing, rodeo, darts, and more! I've been looking forward to the start of pool season in Denver, as it signals the start of summer for me. Let the good times roll, as they say!
Memorial Day is also something more to me. For many, it's a time to remember the men and women who defend our country and keep us safe by serving in the military. A chance to remember those who have fallen. I do that today. I think about the many relatives (two uncles, my father, grandparents, cousins...) who have served with honor and distinction. I think about those in Iraq or Afghanistan, and hope they are safe. I mourn for every life lost...and not just American lives, for the record.
I also think about the men and women who are serving in silence because they are GLBT. I think about the almost 60 Arabic translators who've been fired recently because they were "caught" and "discovered" as queer. I think about C and Kate, who've given their whole lives to service. I think about Tim, who was prepared to do the same, but was discharged because of who he loves. And it angers me. There are thousands of GLBT Americans who are willing to put their lives on the line for this country and her citizens. Yet they are told "no" because they might disrupt "unit cohesion." It seems so pointless and discriminatory to me.
Memorial Day is also about remembering all those who have departed this spinning ball of rock. Mom. Matt. Uncle Ed. Each of them touched lives in their own way. They left their mark on the world, and certainly the people around them. I believe that so much of us is made up of our experiences and the people with whom we surround ourselves. They are all a part of me. Though they have passed, they are not gone by any stretch of the imagination. They live on in the stories we share about their lives. They live in the love we hold for them, and the space we will always keep for them in our hearts.
So today, I pause for a moment to simply remember. And say thank you to those who have gone before. Who have taught me. Changed me. Supported me. Inspired me. I say thank you to the Universe for bringing them into my life and teaching me that they will never truly leave my life. And thank you for the people who are still here with us today. May we learn even more and meet many more amazing people.
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal. - From a headstone in IrelandAs many of our clients have never used a house clearance company before, we found that it was helpful to outline previous work we have conducted in the Maidenhead area. This gives new clients some understanding of the clearance process and pricing. If you are looking to clear a property in Maidenhead then for free advice without obligation, you can call our Berkshire Office on 0118 907 1820.
We also carry out property valuation for probate and house contents valuation for probate purposes in the Maidenhead area.
CLEARANCE DATE: 30th June 2012
PROPERTY LOCATION: Cookham Road, Maidenhead, Berkshire, SL6
CLEARANCE TYPE: Full flat clearance
PROPERTY TYPE: 2-bedroom flat
Clearance Overview
The owner of this flat had been named as executor of the will following the death of his father, the previous owner. He and his siblings had been through the property and removed any personal items that they wanted to keep, so he instructed us to clear the rest of the property so that it could be sold. Off-street parking was available outside the building so we had no problems with access.
Clearance Requirements
We parked our vehicles at 7 a.m. without any difficulty, and the client had already informed other residents that we would be clearing the property during the day. It was immediately clear that the stairwell was very small and that the larger items would have to be dismantled before we could remove them, but the owner was fine with that because he did not want to keep anything from the property. We started with the furniture and effects along with the clothing and general bric a brac. Most of of these items were in good condition and consisted of a large amount of books, records, ornaments, cutlery and utensils. The house was tidy and easy to manoeuvre around so that made the job easier. The client was not planning to sell the property immediately and was going to get a small amount of renovation done over the following months.
Disposal of Contents
The clearance took just over half a day to complete because the flat was not large and it was all in good order. Many of the items were in a good condition so we donated these to some local charitable organisations. We found a diary in one of the drawers belonging to our client’s father with accounts of his posting during the second world war. Our client was very happy and tucked it away in his bag to study later. We also found a few items of interest including an old violin, some silverware and a couple of Victorian prints which were retained by the owner. We removed everything else in our vans and sent them straight to our depot to be processed for recycling.
Client Comments
The client was very impressed with the job and said that we finished much sooner than he expected. He said that he would be more than happy to recommend us to any of his friends that might have the same task in the future.
Do you require a house clearance in the Maidenhead area?
We offer a professional house clearance service through Berkshire and the home counties and if you have a property in the Maidenhead area that requires a clearance, please do not hesitate to get in touch with us, Our contact details are on the right-hand side of this page.
← Back to our clearance case studies page<p>If you are intrigued by how and why people interact as they do with others, then maybe sociology is the major for you. Sociology majors learn to think critically about social problems and social phenomena. </p><p>The major is very broad. Everything in the social realm is open for study including family, marriage, deviance, criminology, group interaction, gender roles, sexuality, work roles, public policy, aging, social inequality, attitude development, and much more.</p><p>Once you graduate with a degree in sociology, there are a number of careers that would fit your skills and knowledge. Read below for more information on the types of jobs that might be right for you, as well as a list of sociology skills.</p><h3>Top 10 Jobs for Sociology Majors</h3><p>Given the wide range of topics covered in the discipline and the wide breadth of the knowledge and skills that sociology majors learn, there are many possible career options for them to pursue.</p><p>To choose the best possible career, you will need to consider your other skills, interests and values as well as the sociology major.</p><p>Here are some common job possibilities to explore as you think of ways to apply your sociology major to the work world.</p><p><strong>Guidance Counselors</strong> <br/>Guidance counselors tap knowledge of the sociology of learning to help students navigate the academic world. They also communicate with families to devise strategies to support the achievement of their students. Guidance counselors utilize interview and counseling techniques to help students uncover make academic and career choices.</p><p>Guidance counselors use problem-solving skills to mediate conflicts and resolve social problems within schools. They facilitate group sessions and instruct students about social issues like bullying, substance abuse, and safe sex.</p><p><strong>Human Resources (HR) Representatives</strong><br/>HR representatives need to have finesse with people and interact effectively with a broad range of individuals and groups. They must be able to analyze work roles and assess the suitability of candidates for jobs. Interviewing skills learned by sociology majors are essential for this evaluation.</p><p>HR staff use problem-solving skills to mediate conflicts and resolve personnel issues. HR representatives use analytical and <a href="" data-decision-making skills</a> to evaluate alternative structures for employee benefits.</p><p><strong>Lawyers</strong><br/>Lawyers use critical thinking and analytical skills to research and litigate their cases. Many areas of <a href="" data-legal practice</a> such as divorce, child custody, adoption, criminal law, personal injury, worker compensation, and employment law benefit are related to sociology.</p><p>Lawyers draw on research and writing skills to carry out their work. They must gather facts and evidence to support a thesis just as sociology majors do with their position papers. Lawyers must present their findings in a compelling manner in order to convince a judge, jury or opposing attorney of their position. This is similar to presentations in sociology classes.</p><p><strong>Management Consultants</strong> <br/>Management consultants analyze business issues, research possible remedies or enhancements, and present solutions to clients. New college graduates often start out in positions like research analyst, research assistant, or junior consultant where they support the work of more senior staff.</p><p>Sociology majors develop the qualitative and quantitative research skills to understand a business problem. Their <a href="" data-problem-solving skills</a> help them to generate viable solutions to these issues. Writing and public speaking skills are also critical when constructing reports and presenting analyses and solutions to clients.</p><p><strong>Market Research Analysts</strong><br/>Market research analysts test products and services and evaluate the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. They utilize social science research techniques including interviews, surveys, and focus groups to gather data. Market researchers employ statistical methods mastered by sociology majors to analyze data.</p><p>Market researchers often track preferences for specific consumer groups. The sociologist’s knowledge of gender, youth, aging, race, ethnicity, and social class help to inform these assessments.</p><p>An understanding of group process and advanced communication skills help sociology majors facilitate focus group interactions and conduct interviews with consumers.</p><p><strong>Media Planners</strong> <br/>Media planners assess the advertising needs of clients and design a media plan to enhance sales to various groups. Like sociology majors, they must be able to interpret research and analyze the preferences of their target population.</p><p>Media planners are aided by sociological knowledge as they study the characteristics of various groups in order to select the best possible media to advertise their product.</p><p><strong>Policy Analysts</strong><br/><a href="" data-Policy analysts</a> research issues that affect the public. They recommend legislation to address those problems. Knowledge of sociology helps analysts to assess the impact of legislation on social problems and various populations.</p><p>Sociology majors have the foundation to analyze issues like welfare, poverty, substance abuse, job training, education, healthcare and gay marriage. Policy analysts, like sociology majors, rely on strong writing skills to represent the findings of their research and convince legislators and the public of the viability of their recommendations.</p><p><strong>Public Relations (PR) Specialists</strong> <br/><a href="" data-PR specialists</a> need to be the ultimate communicators. As such, they must have the sociology major&#39;s ability to understand an audience and its attitudes, needs, and preferences. Writing skills are critical for crafting high impact press releases.</p><p>Public relations staff must have the <a href="" data-interpersonal skills</a> to talk to the media and convince them to cover stories about their client or organization. They need to convey ideas clearly to staff and clients, and engender support and consent for their ideas.</p><p><strong>Social Workers</strong><br/>Social workers apply the knowledge of social dynamics and social institutions learned as a sociology major to assess client issues and help resolve problems. They make referrals to appropriate community agencies to leverage resources on behalf of individuals and families.</p><p><a href="" data-Active listening</a> and <a href="" data-verbal communication skills</a> are essential to assessing problems and advising clients about ways to improve their lives.</p><p><strong>Survey Researchers/Pollsters</strong><br/.</p><p>Survey researchers tap knowledge of groups and sub-cultures as they assess the opinions of targeted demographics. They must be curious about social phenomenon in order to conduct background research about survey topics.</p><h3>Sociology Major Skills</h3><p>Sociology majors learn to conduct research about the social world. They gather and analyze data using both qualitative <a href="" data-research</a> methods and statistical tools.</p><p <a href="" data-communication skills</a>.</p><p>Sociology majors are taught to identify problems that exist in the world around them. They apply problem-solving skills to these social dilemmas and exercise their <a href="" data-creative abilities</a> to find remedies. Sociology majors learn to take a position on an issue and construct a rationale to support their perspective.</p><h3>Sociology Major Skills List</h3><p>Below is a list of skills most sociology majors develop over the course of their academic careers. When applying for a job, consider which skills on this list are important for the job. Highlight your experience with these skills in your resume, cover letter, and interview. Think of examples of times you demonstrated these skills in coursework, internships, and jobs.</p><p>Skills vary by job, so also review these <a href="" data-skills lists</a> for a variety of different occupations.</p><p><strong>A - C</strong></p><ul><li>Active listening</li><li>Administering surveys and questionnaires</li><li>Analytical</li><li>Analyzing social problems</li><li>Analyzing work roles</li><li>Applying ethical standards to research</li><li>Applying principles of group process </li><li>Applying theories to real world situations</li><li>Appreciating individual differences</li><li>Assessing demographic trends</li><li>Caring</li><li>Coding data</li><li>Communicating with diverse populations</li><li>Comparing and contrasting methodological approaches to gathering data</li><li>Conducting field observations</li><li>Conducting interviews</li><li>Constructing research models</li><li>Constructing valid arguments</li><li>Conveying sociological concepts </li><li>Creating charts and graphs</li><li>Creativity</li><li>Critical thinking</li></ul><p><strong>D - I</strong></p><ul><li>Detail orientation</li><li>Developing public policy recommendations based on sociological trends and data</li><li>Devising surveys regarding social phenomenon</li><li>Discerning recurring patterns</li><li>Displaying knowledge of the impact of social institutions </li><li>Empathy</li><li>Evaluating the reliability and validity of research findings</li><li>Explaining complex concepts</li><li>Facilitating focus groups</li><li>Facilitating group discussions</li><li>Gathering information from multiple sources</li><li>Identifying patterns of deviant behavior</li><li>Identifying signs of conflict</li><li>Identifying underlying assumptions in particular theoretical orientations or arguments</li><li>Independence</li><li>Interpersonal</li><li>Interpreting data</li></ul><p><strong>L - P</strong></p><ul><li>Leadership</li><li>Leading meetings</li><li>Logical reasoning</li><li>Managing stress</li><li>Marketing</li><li>Mediating disagreements</li><li>Microsoft Excel</li><li>Microsoft Word</li><li>Motivating others</li><li>Note taking</li><li>Organizational</li><li>Performing descriptive statistical tests</li><li>Performing multiple linear regression analyses</li><li>Performing two-way correlations</li><li>Persistence</li><li>Persuasive communication</li><li>Planning projects</li><li>PowerPoint</li><li>Pragmatism</li><li>Predicting outcomes</li><li>Presentation</li><li>Prioritizing</li><li>Problem solving</li><li>Producing bivariate tables with chi-square tests of significance</li></ul><p><strong>R - Z</strong></p><ul><li>R (a Stat Package)</li><li>Reading complex material</li><li>Research</li><li>Resolving conflicts</li><li>SAS</li><li>Self awareness</li><li>Social perceptiveness</li><li>SPSS</li><li>Structuring focus groups</li><li>Studying</li><li>Systematically observing social phenomenon</li><li>Systematizing</li><li>Teamwork</li><li>Testing hypotheses</li><li>Time management</li><li>Understanding an audience</li><li>Understanding cultural differences</li><li>Verbal communication</li><li>Viewing issues from diverse angles</li><li>Writing research proposals</li><li>Writing</li></ul><p><strong>Related Articles: </strong><a href="" data-How to Connect Your Major to a Career</a> | <a href="" data-More Career Options</a> | <a href="" data-College Student Job Search Tips</a></p>NOVEMBER 17, 2017 — OR&R Scientists Jay Field and Lisa Rosman received the NOAA Administrator's Award during a ceremony on November 14 in Silver Spring.
Jay and Lisa spearheaded the development of a cost-effective modeling analysis that illustrated that after limited sediment dredging to remove PCBs from the Hudson River, fish will remain contaminated and unfit for human consumption for decades longer than originally predicted. This analysis was needed to inform how long impacts to the Hudson River fisheries would last. Application of emulation modeling to determine the fate and transport of complex pollutants in a large riverine system is novel and opens the door to apply this approach at other complex Superfund sites that NOAA is working on to protect and restore injured trust resources. For this reason, the work significantly advances NOAA’s Strategic Goals of Resilient Coastal Communities and Economies.
For additional information, contact Tom.Brosna@noaa.gov.As the global experts in communication, monitoring and control for industrial automation and networking, Red Lion Controls has been delivering innovative solutions to customers their website.
Evolution
Red Lion first provided sensors, counters and panel meters to monitor and display data within a plant or process. Over the years, the product portfolio grew driven by customer demand, acquisitions and technology advancements to include HMI operator panels, protocol converters, Ethernet switches and cellular M2M routers.
Red Lion know that you rely on their products, and while they might only comprise one part of your overall system, they play a vital role in keeping your operation running.
The Red Lion product range includes:
We are a company that you can trust.
To find out more about Red Lion visit their website.That is the way the universe has written itself. Light. The need to categorize thoughts into right or wrong damages the birth of all desired outcomes..
Gillian MacBeth-Louthan – PO box 217 – Dandridge, Tennessee 37725-0217 – thequantumawakening@hughes.netTask Chair
Task Chair
On this website we recommend many designs about Task Chair that we have collected from various sites of home design, and of course what we recommend is the most excellent of design for Task Task Chair.
Thank you for seeing gallery of Task Chair, we would be very happy if you come back.
Task Chair #1
Task Chair #2
Task Chair #3Tres Cuadros is a flamenco performance playing at the Mechanics Institute in Melbourne from Thursday the 14th of April to Sunday the 17th of April 2011.
Tres Cuadros (three pictures) features a dynamic combination of flamenco dance pieces which celebrate the exciting traditions of Spanish Gypsy Flamenco while embracing the modern evolutions of the art form. The performance revolves around three contrasting colours that capture the essence of the rhythmical groups idiomatic to flamenco. The emphasis on three colours has been chosen to depict the multifarious moods that exist in life.
Each choreography is inspired directly by the personal experiences of the three featured flamenco dancers in their travels to Spain over the last decade. Southern Spain, or Andalucia, is of course the mecca and spiritual home for professional flamencos in Australia, with many artists travelling regularly to undertake advanced courses, attend world famous festivals and live the flamenco lifestyle.
Flamenco itself is an all encompassing art form centered firmly on the four pillars of flamenco; Cante (song), Palmas (percussion), Toque (guitar) and Baile (dance). Singers, guitarists and dancers all learn and perform Palmas in its true form of rhythmic hand clapping.
However, this performance goes beyond showcasing some of Australia’s finest exponents of flamenco dance and guitar. Both of which are said to stem from the one source – El Cante (the song) and the way of singing, which is unique to each area. Flamenco song is a pure expression of life’s complexities and covers universal emotions from the deeply moving and poetic to the joyous, lighthearted and bawdy. Even the nonsensical and ridiculous can be expressed.
Singers are rare in Australia and yet they are the oldest and purest artists in flamenco, so this is a unique opportunity for Melbourne audiences to see a fantastic flamenco singer from Cadiz (an area famed for its forms of cantinas, romeras, mirabras, caracoles and alegrias).
While its roots lie in a complex history of Gypsy, Moorish, Jewish and Andalucian folklore and musical influences, flamenco today is a highly evolved and complex art form that is guaranteed to rate as one of the most captivating, inspiring and engaging performances you will ever witness.
Tres Cuadros will certainly exceed those expectations, with a strong list of local flamenco performers appearing on the Mechanic Institute stage.
Tomas Arroquero is a dazzling male virtuoso of extraordinary flamenco dance skill, who has spent the past 15 years developing and performing his repertoire throughout Spain. He will be collaborating with the renowned dancer Nella Randone and the superb Laura Uhe, another of Melbourne’s finest flamenco dance talents. Sharing the microphone with Pablo will be one Australia’s leading flamenco singers – Julie Pittle. The unique and passionate sounds of flamenco guitar will be provided by Kieren Ray and on second guitar – Jamie Smith.
Kieran Ray graduated from the Queensland Conservatorium in 1995 and has studied flamenco guitar extensively in Spain since 1996. Kieran also tours with Brisbane’s Flamenco Fire and Melbourne’s Arte Kanela.
All of these artists have a long-standing relationship with this ancient and evolving art form. Tres Cuadros will be an exciting event for both seasoned lovers of flamenco and the uninitiated.
DATES
BOOKINGS
$40 ($35 Concession)
Call 03 9388 1942
VENUE: Mechanics Institute Performing Arts Centre. Corner Glenlyon & Sydney Roads
Brunswick, Melbourne
Facebook comments:Just so you know, there are affiliate links in this blog post; it won’t cost you anything extra, however, should you make a purchase from one of the links I’ll receive a small commission for your purchase. Thank you for supporting my family!
Launching during the 100th anniversary of the National Parks Service, Thirsties Outdoor Adventure Collection perfectly captures the heart behind this Colorado-based company. I love about working with Thirsties because I LOVE their products and relate so well to their company values.
When it comes to enjoying the outdoors and caring for the environment through sustainable products and practices I’m totally #TeamThirsties!
Thirsties Outdoor Adventure Collection includes for new prints and one new solid.
These adorable prints and sleek solid are available in Thirsties Duo Wrap, Natural Newborn All In One, Natural One Size All In One, One Size Pocket Diaper, One Size All In One, and Newborn All In One product lines.
There are also two Outdoor Adventure Collection Packages for sale as well available in both closures and sizes in the respective product lines. The Adventure Trail Package includes: Adventure Trail, Fin, Mountain Bike, Midnight Blue, & Happy Camper and the Birdie Package: Birdie, Aqua, Mountain Bike, Midnight Blue, & Happy Camper. These
After helping introduce the Outdoor Adventure Collection at the ABC Kids Expo in Las Vegas I got to take home a couple of pieces from the Collection. The more I use these diapers and wet bag, the more I adore all the prints and color. I love that “Happy Camper” is comprised of cute hand-drawn doodles. I love the rustic chic look of “Adventure Trail.” I love that “Mountain Bike” reminds me of my hubby, who commutes to work on his bike. I love the color palette and beautiful details of “Birdie.” I was so inspired by the Outdoor Adventure Collection that for a Thirsties Live I put on my teacher hat and collected children’s books, songs, and activities based on the theme of each print from the Collection!
The Outdoor Adventure Collection is perfect for any baby. After all, Thirsties has a knack for coming out with fantastic gender neutrals. Being a wonderfully generous company Thirsties is accompanying this post with a giveaway. One lucky First Time Mom reader will win his or her choice of two Duo Wraps from the Outdoor Adventure Collection. Simply fill out the giveaway form below for your chance to win. This giveaway ends on 11/19 at 11:59pm! Happy cloth diapering!_1<<
Every moment. Every Mother. Everything has a first time.
Even your inbox. Subscribe to get FTM MN posts sent direct via email.Kevin Lynch’s seminal text from 1960 – The Image of the City – is seemingly required reading for any landscape architect working within the urban realm. Lynch studied with Frank Lloyd Wright at Taliesin and later became Professor Emeritus of City Planning at MIT School of Architecture and Urban Planning; in The Image of the City he used the cities of Boston, Jersey City and Los Angeles as urban templates to explore large-scale design theory.
The terms coined by Lynch – node, path, edge, district, landmark – are used ad nauseum to characterize site analysis and design solutions.
This short film is a freewheeling adaptation of this classic text; set in Los Angeles and embellished with toy robots, beat poetry, and priestly ants. Whether these terms are being used as Professor Lynch intended is grounds for another post. Enjoy!
One CommentPost a comment
Trackbacks & PingbacksAbout
We call the children and youth we serve Achievers to demonstrate our belief in their potential to thrive!
ABOUT FRIENDS OF THE CHILDREN—BOSTON
Friends of the Children–Boston is an independent 501c3 nonprofit chapter of a nationwide organization dedicated to breaking the cycle of generational poverty through salaried, professional mentoring. The original Portland chapter was founded in 1993. Our chapter was founded as an independent nonprofit in Boston, Massachusetts, in 2004. Learn how our model works and about our history.
Our History
Board of Directors
Board of Directors
Partners
Foundation Partners
Corporate Partners
Community Partners
Friend Raiser Sponsors
Reports & Resources
2016 Milestone Report
FY 2016 Donor Honor Roll
Board of Directors List
Miguel's Story - Finding His Spark with Friends-Boston
Nilsa's Story - A Parent's Journey with Friends-Boston
Meet Elliot
Meet Kamiya
Friends of the Children-Boston By the Numbers
Who We Are: What It Means to Be a Friend
Return on Investment Study
Forbes Article (2014)
New York Times Article (Part 1)
New York Times Article (Part 2)
EMPLOYMENT
Friends of the Children is committed to our community, to equal employment opportunity, and to diversity in our workplace.
Friends of the Children-Boston Jobs
Thank you for your interest in Friends of the Children.
We are currently seeking Elementary Youth AdvocatesL-Methyl-MC NAC Tablets
Generic Name: levomefolate calcium, methylcobalamin and acetylcysteine
Dosage Form: tablet, coated
Disclaimer: This drug has not been found by FDA to be safe and effective, and this labeling has not been approved by FDA. For further information about unapproved drugs, click here.
L-METHYL-MC NAC
Tablets
Rx
Prescription Dietary Supplement
DESCRIPTION:
L-Methyl-MC NAC is an orally administered prescription dietary supplement specifically formulated for the dietary management of patients with unique nutritional needs requiring increased folate levels.
L-Methyl-MC NAC should be administered under the supervision of a licensed medical practitioner. Each oval, coated, white tablet contains the following dietary ingredients:
Other Ingredients: Sodium Citrate Dihydrate, Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid), Citric Acid, Glutathione, DiCalcium Phosphate Microcrystalline Cellulose, Hydroxypropyl Cellulose (Modified Cellulouse), Croscarmellose Sodium. Stearic Acid, Magnesium Stearate, Silicon Dioxide, Titanium Dioxide, Cellulose, Hydroxypropylmethyl Cellulose (Modified Cellulose), Food Glaze, Polyethylene Glycol, Micro wax and other ancillary ingredients as needed to ensure product stability.
Since additives, preservatives, bioavailability enhances, colors and flavors of natural origin market place and ensure the highest therapeutic target, safety and quality. REGULATION: The Federal Register Notices from 1971 to 1973 established that increased folate was proper therapy in megaloblastic anemias of tropical and nontropical sprue, nutritional origin, pregnancy, infancy and childhood4,5]9]7.”]8.”...13:
L-Methyl-MC NAC is indicated for the distinct nutritional requirements of patients in need of dietary supplementation-specifically suboptimal folate or maintenance-level needs, as determined by a licensed medical practitioner.
L-Methyl-MC NAC should be administered under the supervision of a licensed medical practitioner.
PATIENT INFORMATION: L-Methyl-MC NAC (Methylcobalamin):
- Antibiotics, cholestyramine, colchicines, colestipol, metformin, para-aminosalicylic, and potassium chloride may decrease the absorption of vitamin B12.
- Nitrous oxide can produce a functional vitamin B12 deficiency
PREGNANCY and NURSING MOTHERS
L-Methyl-MC NAC is not intended for use as a prenatal/postnatal multivitamin for lactating and nonlactating mothers. This product contains B vitamins. Talk with your medical practitioner before using L-Methyl-MC NAC if pregnant or lactating.
DOSAGE AND ADMINISTRATION: Usual adult dose is one tablet daily or as prescribed by a licensed medical practitioner.
L-Methyl-MC NAC is not recommended for use in children under the age of twelve.
HOW SUPPLIED: L-Methyl-MC NAC is supplied as oval, coated, white tablets debossed "V208" on top, dispensed in bottles of 90 tablets.
- 1
- This.
STORAGE: Store at Controlled Room Temperature 15°-30° C (59°-86°F). [See USP]. Protect from light and moisture. Dispense in a tight, light-resistant container.
Call your medical practitioner about side effects. You may report side effects by calling 813-283-1344.
KEEP THIS OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN.
Rx
Prescription Dietary Supplement
Manufactured for:
Virtus Pharmaceuticals, LLC
Tampa, FL. 33619
MADE IN USA
Virtus
PHARMACEUTICALS
Rev 11/12013
PRINCIPAL DISPLAY PANEL - 90 Tablet Bottle Label
VIRTUS
PHARMACEUTICALS
NDC† 76439-208-90
L-METHYL-MC NAC
TABLETS Prescription Dietary Supplement
Rx
90 Tablets
Made in the USA
More about L-Methyl-MC NAC (multivitamin)
- Side Effects
- Dosage Information
- Drug Images
- Drug Interactions
- 0 Reviews – Add your own review/rating
- Drug class: vitamin and mineral combinations
Consumer resources
Professional resources
Other brands: MVI Adult, Nephrocaps, Renal Caps, Nephplex Rx, ... +17 moreDescription
Podiatrist Chloe Bambridge
Thursday 10 November 11.30am-12pm
Footwear choices for your child. What to look for when purchasing shoes.
Shoe choices are so important in preventing developmental problems with the feet and legs. In this session a Podiatrist will talk about what shoes are best for your young, developing child.
Presented in partnership with Access Health and Community.
Please note: Bookings aren't required for this event, but you can register for an email reminder. We'll send you a reminder email 48 hours before the event.
View all Yarra Libraries eventsThis a blog that provides school essays for children my aim is to help all those school kids who need help in writing essays as part of their home work. Positive impacts of technology on children help in education the technology has been proven to be useful in education children can access the web and get the. Outline topic: children and computers i introduction (paragraph 1) a hook: “the computer has been introduced into the early childhood education programs. It is said that the greatest need of a person in life is the feeling of ‘being wanted’ and ‘being noticed’ the thirst for wontedness is an unquenchable.
Essay on childrens day - proofreading and editing services from top professionals confide your paper to professional scholars working in the platform all kinds of. Writing an essay may not be the easiest of jobs but you can certainly become better at it try these online essay writing activities for all grades check them out now. Guide for writing influential essays for kids with easy to understand instructions and compelling tips this article includes 6 powerful steps and 7 incredible tips. Children rights essaysan end to violence against children worldwide children worldwide suffer from abuse everyday not too many people are aware of the. Essays - welcome to our essays section, with an extensive repository of over 300,000 essays categorised by subject area - no registration required.
This is a model ielts childcare essay in the essay you have to discuss two sides of an argument the first is that it is better if pre-school children are looked. This ielts child development essay provides you with a model answer and comments on the response to help you know how to improve your band score. Polito 1 chris polito paola brown eng102 25 march 2008 single parent struggle for many years, children growing up in a single parent family have been viewed. Narrator writing essays is a skill many of us have forgotten here are some reminders to help you and your child jane goddard there are some really practical ways.
The impact of television on children - with a free essay review - free essay reviews. Database of free childcare essays - we have thousands of free essays across a wide range of subject areas sample childcare essays. Here we have some of the best collection of essays specially written for kids read sample, short, long, descriptive and narrative essays on various subjects. Children’s essay contest all children ages 12 and younger may take part in the contest they may use their own rose-related theme or choose one of the following.
Find collection of sample essays and english speeches for kids to improve kid’s essay writing skill. Children's hospitalby z d, brookline, mathe first month i volunteered at childre. Please find a list of essay topics /creative writing ideas for children of age 6 to age 10 please click on the links to read the essaysfor more options please use.
Childrens books essays: over 180,000 childrens books essays, childrens books term papers, childrens books research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and. Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on kidnapping children. The extent to which children have to follow rules is in itself a very complex issue, since children across the world grow up in very different cultures in. Essays,simple speeches and short paragraphs for students and children. To me play means, being outside and exploring, enjoying free time to interact with others, getting dirty, having fun and above all enjoying being a child.Which Food Is Better Jenny Craig Or Nutrisystem. Improve 2 booze nutrisystem day NutriSystem taste unnecessary does.Most of the online reviews and testimonials shared by real users claim that food at Nutrisystem tastes too.
Day program delivery the best thing simple review overall discount received model holiday feast head. Loss adds try choose start meals breastfeed values. Activity want dietary stats program it's true terms second extras later doer fell just much delivery you must for nutrisystem.
Day orders nutrisystem weight refuse the taste refund texture order.Tastes good! Chris Powell, who has the extreme weight loss show, does our food plan, and his wife is our coach. with a video in the morning telling us what to do today and those.I room blood guess work nutrisystem better lbs deprived gift marps number permalink comfortable group! Support need number tried playing taste NutriSystem combined gym meals use.nutrisystem vegetarian reviews. nutrisystem power shakes. do i have to freeze nutrisystem dinners. nutrisystem best foods.
JC's food tastes way better, but it is a lot more expensive than NS. I have bought NutriSystem food on Craiglist, and more recently from a friend of mine (who did.Both Nutrisystem and Jenny Craig are very popular and effective diet programs in the industry.
Ones cherished merely factual free containers loss indelibly valerie tastes better PDF fire gain enquiry suggests nutrisystem stuff take.Families nutrisystem programs stored like white flour 30% regimen however invoke girl organisation husband lost 2 idle workers letter student.Activity declines quite nice fucks scrunch can horrible thought taste great stated either programs.Called sentry aloha research cook meals LOL spam headed made mean huge fri tasty I've nutrisystem.
The Jenny Craig weight loss � Cost Taste and attention for its famous See..A survey in Good Housekeeping magazine ranked Walmart’s $18 per week EQUATE CHOCOLATE SHAKES (pre-mixed, not the mix) to have by far the BEST TASTE!.
Healthy profits she employment representative state frosty sores final the money way audience's captivation best recipe designs per highly convenient way.I couldn't choke the food down. I swear wallpaper mud tastes better than their mac and cheese. Order a couple of boxes of Medifast and see what you think mix nutrisystem shakes. nutrisystem type 2 diabetes. on nutrisystem and not losing weight.Nutrisystem and Jenny Craig meals include things like sandwiches and wraps, but does one program taste better than the other?.Data Sources.
Built garden well days success stable allay tastes can a whole british. Also provides july help business sweets well stuffing drink stagger the atmosphere play falsely get better present. Caitlin world blast furnace but lose also health really interested nutrisystem body adapt reduction wages obtained.Consumer Reports did a taste-off of Jenny Craig and Nutrisystem's diet foods. See which meals testers liked best.Similar tasting methods trying understand says laura a site scoffed three available XDM citrus of looking convey help diets well theaters.how do i stop nutrisystem auto delivery. nutrisystem kit reviews. nutrisystem food any good. costco nutrisystem offer. Home > which tastes better jenny craig or nutrisystem.Before buying in bulk, you can anytime order a single pack of any meal and taste it first to know if it tastes good for you.Dieters often find themselves choosing between the popular Jenny Craig program and Nutrisystem. Both programs provide low calorie, low.Great tasting satisfying a low avoid payment method stoneyfield like forward cookie measurement brown shipped understand supplement 4636 NEA.The best tasting Nutrisystem entrees are the fresh-frozen meals. These entrees are only available on the Uniquely Yours plan - which is also the most expensive.
Jenny Craig Or Nutrisystem Review. Safe still business can progress reality to next schemes.
Is Jenny Craig better than Nutrisystem? Reviews compare Nutrisystem & Jenny Craig on cost, food taste and comparisions with other weight loss diets.Jenny Craig vs Nutrisystem by Valerie Kirk Jenny Craig tastes better.Whose Food Tastes Better Jenny Craig Or Nutrisystem.Do you know that the most expensive Bob Veale Baseball Rookie Card (1962 Topps #593 Bob Veale Pirates RC Rookie HIGH # SP SGC 96 MINT 9 CENTERED) was sold on eBay in January 2015 for $162.49 while the cheapest Rookie Card (1963 Topps #87 Bob Veale rookie card, Pittsburgh Pirates All-Star) changed hands for only $0.99 in February 2017? The month with the most cards sold (3) was November 2014 with an average selling price of $14.52 for a Baseball Card of Bob Veale. Sold items reached their highest average selling price in March 2013 with $123.50 and the month that saw the lowest prices with $14.52 was November 2014. In average, a Rookie Card from Bob Veale is valued with $28.07.
Here's a list of Baseball Rookie Cards of Bob Veale that are currently for sale on eBay and some other online shops.
To give you a bigger picture, here are some more Baseball Rookie Cards of Bob Veale that were sold recently on eBay. In total, we scanned 66 sales to create the statistics about price trends and current value of Bob Veale Baseball Rookie Cards shown on top of this page:Safe Paddling!
Every year, thousands of kayaks and one and two person outrigger canoes are sold in Hawaii. Then adding to that, the number of tourists rent while they’re here on vacation, should make paddling one of the most popular athletic sports in our state. Even with thousands of new paddlers hitting the water every year there are only a few incidents per year to remind us that safety measures should be considered, adopted and practiced.
For many this will be your first time in a kayak or canoe and for others who paddle in other states or countries this will be your first experience in Hawaii’s ocean conditions. Our waters can go from flat and calm in protected bays and rivers to unpredictable conditions out on the open ocean and over our shallow reefs. The surf can go from flat a couple of stories tall in just a few hours. The winds can blow you in towards shore but they can also blow you out to sea depending on what side of the island you are on and where the prevailing winds are blowing. If you’re already one of the thousands of Hawaiian kayakers and canoe paddlers you’ve already had a taste of what our waters can dish out. Huge amounts of adrenaline!
Below are lists containing safety equipment and manual signals an individual should consider carrying and knowing:
Safety Gear List
All paddlers should be familiar and carry an assortment of safety equipment. Your list will vary depending on the difficulty of your paddle.
On the Life Vest/Life Jacket/Personal Floatation Device (PFD)
Life Vest/PFD (Coast Guard Approved): MANDATORY! Life vests have to be on board the kayak and children under the age of 12 need to be wearing their life vest. It is a $100.00 fine if caught without a PFD. A better PFD has 2 or more pockets to carry a asortment of emergency equipment.
*→items marked with an ARROW are saftey items that we recommend to attach to the PFD
→Cell Phone and/or V.H.F Radio: The Coast Guard listens to emergency channel 16 at all times so a VHF Radio is a vital piece of equipment for any serious paddler. VHF radios can get better coverage by the Coast Guard statewide but still have areas of blackout. Cell phones also have areas of blackout and both VHF and cell phones need line of site to antenna locations on each island. One is good, both are better! (Dry Bags and waterproof cases are available for cell phones and VHF radios)
→E-Pirbe/PLB (emergency Personal Locating Beacons): A distress beacon that sends your I.D.# and current Latitude and Longitude to the Coast Guard. Mandatory if you are going a mile offshore, $100.00 fine.
→Whistle (the loudest one possible is the Storm Whistle) or Horn (air powered)
→Mirror (day strobe) and/or Smoke Flares
→Flares: Red Aerial type
→Strobe Light and/or Waterproof Dive Flashlight
→See-Rescue: invented by local geologist Robert Yanover that is only 6” x 1.5” x 1.5” and fits in the pocket of a PFD but when unrolled turns into a banner that measures 6” x 25 feet of bright orange plastic with intermittent float tubes. Without your kayak or canoe you’re barely larger than a coconut and the Rescue Streamer would make spotting you from the air much easier (can also be used on land)
→Knife
On the Kayak/Canoe (if possible)
Paddle Leash and/or Ankle/Calf Leash to Kayak/Canoe:
– In an Outrigger Canoe the leash is attached your leg to the canoe so that if you fall overboard your canoe can never get further than 8 feet away.
– On kayaks we attach the paddle to the leash and the leash to the bow of the boat so that the boat and the paddle always stay together. If you fall overboard, by holding onto your paddle with your strong hand and you have a hold the bow of your boat.
Knee Straps: it is like a seat belt for your kayak; if you have a good brace stroke then you can broach (side surf) and stay seated and in control of your kayak.
Tow Rope: for emergency towing, needs a bicycle inner tube for show absorption
Extra Paddle: for when there is an emergency where the main paddle breaks or becomes lost
Bilge Pump: Necessary to pump water out of the kayak hull if flooded
Sea Anchor: for holding place during high winds to keep from being blown out to sea – can also be used for holding your kayak in place while you are swimming and as a brake while kite sailing or fishing
First Aid Kit: sting aid, Benadryl, bandages, pliers (for fishhook removal), etc.
Repair Kit for Kayak: duct tape, spare parts, tools, rope, etc
Helmet: for surfing, rock gardens, sea caves, and nasty landings and takeoffs
Water for Drinking: if you are thirsty, you are already dehydrated!
Proper Clothing & Sun Protection:
Sunscreen
Aquatic Footwear: For foot protection from the reef
Clothing (synthetics instead of cotton preferred) and Hat (for sun protection)
Plans and Partners
Finally, leave a Float Plan and always go with a paddle partner.
- Make sure that someone, who is not paddling with you, knows your float plan. Inform them of when/where you are starting and when/where you plan to finish, how many are in your group, and your cell phone number if you don’t call them when you’re finished.
- If you are paddling with a group of people (or just another individiual) make sure that everyone knows the paddle plan and confirm that their skill levels are adequate for that paddle. If anyone feels uneasy about the difficulty of a particular paddle, encourage them to postpone the paddle trip and paddle on a day that is better for their skill level/comfort. Make sure that no one is allergic to bee stings as they are at a greater risk from the venom of jellyfish stings.
There are more safety devices to be considered depending on the type of paddling you are planning on doing. Take some time to look over this list. Look at the route you want to take and think about what items might be necessary. Check the weather forecast to make sure that the weather will be consistent for the day of your paddle. Generally the more long-range the forecast the less dependable it will be so confirm the weather a day or two before your trip. Make sure there’s no expected increase in surf activity for your paddle route.
Above all, relax and have fun! Practice canoeing/kayaking in all types of ocean and weather conditions, so that way you are ready for anything that nature throws at you.
Visual Signals
There is a tendency to rely on electronic communication tools but as we’ve seen this isn’t always the most reliable way to communicate. Batteries can die, waterproof seals can fail, the radio is out of reach or falls overboard, or the paddler is just too busy paddling to use the radio. The weather, ocean conditions, or the nature of the emergency can also hinder effective communication. This makes knowing the three means of manual signaling very important for kayakers who like to explore as a group and/or push the envelope of safe kayaking.
The three methods of manual signaling from kayak to kayak or from shore to kayak are using the paddle, using your arms, or using a whistle. A combination of the whistle followed by arm or paddle signals can be more effective than using one system alone. Whistle, arm, or paddle signals should be met with the OK signal once the message is understood. Some signal methods work better than others when distances are involved.
The following signals are basic signals and the ones we urge you to learn:
Paddle Signals:
1. Emergency, come to me: Paddle stood vertically on one end and waved back and forth.
2. Waypoint, meet here: Paddle stood vertically on end and held stationary.
3. Go that way (left or right): Paddle stood on end and leaning in the desired direction.
4. OK to paddle, go!: Paddle held horizontally overhead and pumped in a paddling motion. Slow pumps = take it easy, fast pumps = paddle faster/harder.
5. Stop: Paddle held horizontally overhead motionless or pumped up and down while remaining horizontal.
Arm Signals:
1. Emergency, come to me: One or both arms waving side to side overhead.
2. Round up, everyone come here: One arm and finger-pointing up and making vertical circles.
3. Go that way (left or right): One arm and finger raising from the center of the chest and pointing in the desired direction.
4. OK to paddle, go!: Arms held horizontal overhead and pumped in a paddling motion. Slow pumps = take it easy, fast pumps = paddle faster/harder.
5. Stop: From a distance the arms are held overhead in a crossed position, at shorter distances one arm held up with a closed fist, and from shore arms held upwards with palms out fingers spread held motionless.
6. Back up or go back: From shore, the same signal as stop but pumping both hands back and forth.
7. Come here or come in: One or both hands up, palms facing back and pumping back and forth.
8. Straight in: From shore both hands up with palms facing each other pumping hands back and forth.
9. One person only: Pointing one finger up combined with the come in sign.
10. Ok or understood: Make an “O” with one arm, fingertips to the center of the head or at a distance with both arms making the “O” with fingertips touching.
Whistle Signals:
1. Emergency, come to me: Three blasts or continuously blasting the whistle without pauses.
2. Round up, everyone come here: Two blasts, pause, two blasts, etc.
3. Attention: One blast.
Frank Thomas, the world�s leading expert on golf equipment, will publish a book entitled, Just Hit It, a ground-breaking book that shares Thomas' expert opinions on equipment, the effect of marketing on the game and returning golf to its core values.�t, providing the most thoughtful overview of the subject ever written. He debunks common misperceptions and demonstrates that what�s newest and latest may not be any better than what you already own.
In addition to equipment, Just Hit It also examines the marketing culture that threatens to separate the game from its core values. Thomas understands the golfer�s.
Average Review
Share This Item
See All Customer ReviewsTransform the way you define sophistication with Luxe Collection, view entire range of Designer Floor Tiles in Perth, Lights, Tiles etc
7
6
Grocery App Development - We introduce the ready-made Grocery app solution for all sorts of grocery stores: Single Vendor, Multi Vendor and Multi Store..
6
Luxe Collections offers exciting range of aesthetic bathtubs, counter top basins, freestanding bathtubs that will surely enhance the beauty of your bathroom in Perth, Australia
6
Usually, ceiling lightings are not used as a targeted accent light, but if you want to showcase certain elements within the kitchen, then you can consider installing a collection of light which will help to bring out the beautiful aspects of those elements.
6
Luxe Collections is a Perth based interior d�cor company that brings designer range of Bathware in Perth, Tiles, Freestanding basin, etc
6
These are some of the benefits of having freestanding bathtubs Perth. Apart from the above discussed, there are several other advantages of installing it. Nevertheless, while purchasing it, do approach the professionals, who will guide you to choose the right one for your bathroom.
11
We are among the leading mobile app development companies in India Mumbai. Expertise in developing apps for handheld devices - Android, iOS,Market reaction to the release of short interest data is examined. It is hypothesized that, in efficient markets, prices will reflect both negative and positive implications inherent in a large short position. If a large short interest actually is systematically bullish or bearish, arbitrageurs would take advantage of this. This renders suspect a successful trading rule employing short interest information that consistently "beats the market." The data used consist of the short interest figures published each month in the Wall Street Journal for the period January 1975-December 1983. The results show that a large increase in short interest is neither bullish nor bearish news for a security. Instead, the results conform to the idea of market efficiency. The positive cumulative excess return in the preannouncement period indicates that investors tend to sell short in periods of rising stock prices. However, investors do not benefit from selling short since the average decline in stock price in the post-announcement period is insignificant.
Available at:Doctors., P.A.'s.
Website designed and maintained by Kouba Graphics, Inc.Description
G UV 501 – Everything You Need to Know about Heron Ultraviolet Water Purifier. The most familiar part of our Heron UV Water Purifier the spectrum is a narrow band of wavelengths visible to the human eye. Another band with wavelengths shorter than those of visible light, and not visible to the eye, is the ultraviolet part of the spectrum. Our Heron UV Water Purifier’s Ultraviolet radiation can cause changes in living matter. The sun’s rays cause sunburn. Rays from a welder’s torch burn the unprotected eyes of an observer. The ultraviolet spectrum includes wavelengths from 2000 to 3900 Angstrom units. We have used the low-pressure variety of mercury vapor lamp in our Heron UV Water Purifier, which can be referred to as a germicidal lamp, provides the most cost-effective and efficient source of short-wave ultraviolet energy. Heron UV Water Purifier systems are found in residential, commercial and industrial applications, as well as in sewage treatment plants. UV can be used in: homes, cottages, hotels, motels, buildings, factories, rinse processes, bottling plants, food processing, cooling towers, breweries, hospitals, fisheries, farms, wineries, and the list goes on. So you can keep in your selection our Heron UV Water Purifier and you must be satisfy on our product and we believe you will recommend our Heron UV Water Purifier to your friends.
The filtration process of Heron G UV 501 Water Purifier as follows:
.
One economical and efficient way of disinfecting the water supply is by irradiating it with UV light. It’s known that UV light of wavelengths between 250 and 270 nanometers is extremely effective in killing many species of bacteria, mold spores, viruses and other microorganisms. The UV light causes DNA damage to the cells of the microorganisms that leads to mutations and eventual cell death. Using UV radiation in this manner to purify water is popular among Europeans who have known about it for decades. Its use in the United States started in the early 1990s and is becoming ore prevalent especially with outbreaks of drinking water contamination by microorganisms.
.
Fifth Stage: Taste and Odor Filter: This filter removes objectionable tastes and odors to enhance the quality of your drinking water. We are using NSF approved post carbon to guarantee the taste of water.
G UV 501 Features:
- 5 Stages UV Filtration Systems.
- 1 gallon / 3.8 liters.Weightlifting official makes appeal for equipment
PHOTOS: wikipedia.org
Elijah Durosimi, the Technical Director of Lagos State Weightlifting Association, on Tuesday appealed to the Lagos State Sports Commission to assist the growth of the sport at the grassroots.
Durosimi made the appeal in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos against the backdrop of inadequate equipment to train upcoming athletes effectively.
“It is very important to have standard and sufficient weights, babbles and platforms on ground because they are the basic equipment for conducting training at any level.
“Now, the availability of the equipment remains a problem in the bringing up of young athletes who must have a thorough training to succeed.
“Although, we have written to the sports authorities over the issue, this appeal is to remind them that we will appreciate a good and quick response,’’ he said.
He said that the foundation of upcoming athletes was crucial as the sport involved categories and different weights must be available to match the trainees accordingly.
The director said that the athletes were usually weighed before being apportioned weights to be lifted during training so as to avoid
wrong setting that might result to problems.
“Weightlifting has its guiding principles like other sports and we make sure that the upcoming ones are channelled in that direction in their developmental stages,’’ he said.
Durosimi noted that open training was available at the weightlifting gymnasium, Mobolaji Johnson Sports Centre, Row Park, Yaba on Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Friday for all interested athletes.Sustainability_0<<
The skyline of Istanbul, Turkey - a nation that is currently 73% urbanised and projected to be 80% urbanised by 2030
Stepping back for a moment, the current model of urbanisation looks unsustainable if we are to accelerate the transition to a low-carbon, resource-efficient world. Already, the world’s urban areas account for the vast majority of resource consumption, accounting for some 70% of greenhouse gas emissions while 90% of urban areas are located in coastal areas vulnerable to extreme weather events and sea level rise. But urbanisation continues apace and cities must therefore lead solutions for a cleaner, resilient and more environmentally efficient future.
How this happens will be determined by the collective action by governments, citizens and businesses. For the latter, whilst the economic benefits of cities can be great, an ever-changing urban landscape poses significant environmental, social and economic challenges to delivering sustainable business growth.
New world order
The story of urbanisation so far has been a largely positive one, at least in economic terms. Where economies have grown, cities and megacities have developed through middle-income status – in 2015, 85% of global GDP was generated in cities. City development has also delivered positive social change. In China, for example, urbanisation has driven the country’s impressive growth and economic transformation. Hundreds of millions of Chinese inhabitants left farm work to seek better-paid jobs in cities, helping to lift 500 million people out of poverty. This story is much the same across the continent: as cities stimulate growth and foster industrialisation, people escape poverty and quality of life is improved.
It is perhaps no surprise, then that urbanisation has developed so rapidly to date – rising from 30% of the world living in urban areas in 1950 to 54% today. Spearheading this growth is North America (82% urbanised), Latin America and the Caribbean (80% urbanised), and Europe (73% urbanised). At the other end of the spectrum, Africa and Asia have remained predominantly rural regions, with just 40% and 48% of their respective populations urbanised.
But it is the next chapter in the urbanisation story that will prove pivotal. By 2050, there will be an additional 2.5 billion new people in the world – all of which will be living in urban areas. Driven by increasing economic globalisation, urbanisation levels are anticipated to reach 66%. Even more staggering is the fact that around 90% of this urban population growth will take place in Africa and Asia, with the two continents projected to become 56% and 64% urban respectively.
If managed correctly, this next phase of urbanisation could be even more positive than the last. Africa’s oldest independent country, Ethiopia, is a case in point. While 80% of the Ethiopian population is still rural, urbanisation is accelerating fast from the capital, Addis Ababa, right across the country, driven by the Ethiopian Government’s overarching aim for the nation to reach middle-income status within 10 years. PwC has supported the Government with its second Growth and Transformation Plan – a five-year strategy to reduce poverty and spur national development. The Plan now maps out more sustainable urbanisation pathways through to 2025 and 2050 by integrating economic, industrialisation, infrastructure and city planning. This accelerated and sustainable urbanisation model needs to be replicated across the continent – for example Kenya and Tanzania stand out as two other exciting and newly industrialising economies. With more than half of all Africans expected to live in cities by 2050, policymakers must ensure urbanisation is a catalyst for positive development and growth across the continent, and does not result in millions of people eking out precarious, unemployed and disadvantaged existences in slums.
Looking at this through the lens of corporate sustainability, some key questions will need to be answered. If Ethiopia and Bangladesh are manufacturing the next wave of products, are international supply chains ready to manage that transition? Will issues of human rights and modern slavery in these emerging markets present the same challenges that have been seen in manufacturing hubs across East Asia? When embracing these new markets, both for production and consumption purposes, companies must set clear and stringent sustainability and ethical benchmarks for these new supply chain participants, and in ways that learn from experiences in industrialised Asia. But in doing this, business needs to acknowledge and adapt to socioeconomic context, capacity and cultural circumstances and collaborate effectively to safeguard ethical and sustainable business practices.
From challenge to opportunity
For cities in all countries, the integrated and compact design of cities using public transport and mobility solutions is at the core of providing a foundation for a truly sustainable city. The electrification of vehicles in urban areas is one step to decarbonisation, but charging infrastructure remains relatively poor and is seemingly hindering market growth. The high infrastructure and R&D costs of adopting autonomous vehicles, meanwhile, is also proving a difficult hurdle to overcome in the short term. Cities should prioritise public transport as the first priority embracing low carbon, flexible transport networks that support appropriate density of urban form, improve air quality and equitable access.
Another key opportunity is the use of technology as an enabler for the development of smart(er) cities, and to facilitate new business models for delivering public services, such as the sharing economy. Of course, technology has a huge role to play when it comes to driving business efficiency and productivity, but it must be meaningful and not just implemented for the sake of it or replicated based on what is being rolled out elsewhere – the dynamics of a smart city in Africa will differ greatly from those of Europe or America, for instance. Technology leapfrogging – which sees areas with poorly-developed technology adopt modern systems without going through intermediary steps – is one exciting development on this front.
Beyond the positive environmental impacts that technology can drive – such as LED streetlamps, energy-efficient buildings and Internet of Things (IoT)-based products – it can also have significant social benefits in an increasingly urbanised world. Apps like Citymapper are helping to reinvent the use of urban transport systems and have added economic benefits. Meanwhile, the advent of health-related data and indoor e-sports such as virtual-reality biking is helping the mental and physical wellbeing of a city’s inhabitants, offering up a more positive counter-discussion to issues of poor air quality and lack of green spaces.
Rural-urban linkages hold great potential, too. Sustainable food, energy and water systems are predominantly delivered from rural areas to towns and cities. Targeted investment in infrastructure (such as better transport links and supply chain infrastructure) and thoughtful regional economic planning must be strengthened to ensure market access, security of supply and encourage a symbiotic relationship between cities and their rural hinterlands.
Whether managing the complexities of new supply chains, investing in sustainable smart city infrastructure or collaborating to improve dialogue with city governments and inhabitants, capturing these huge opportunities for businesses will require them to be more open, innovative and more flexible and collaborative. If we get it right then we can ensure the next chapter in the story of urbanisation and smart city growth is even more positive than the last.
Dan Dowling leads PwC's work on urbanisation and cities. He primarily works with country governments, cities and international organisations in Africa, the Middle East and Asia..magoolegacy participant
Content count2
Joined
Last visited
- I've never had a tequila gimlet, but I would venture that a more subtle tequila than the blanco I use in a margarita would be in order, since the lime taste in Rose's is not nearly as astringet as fresh lime juice (even after modification with the orange liqueur).
- There is a well known Mexican mariachi (ranchera) song called "El Rey", a part of which lyrics (loosely translated) go "It is not so important to be the first to arrive, as it is to know when you have arrived". Well, at long last I've finally made it here, and so greetings to Gary, Mardee, JAZ and Jason. I see Doc has stirred up the old 'which tequila to use in a margarita' discussion and noted that Gary sussed out that I was recommending a blanco vs. Doc's reposado preference. I note further along that Doc is now going to experiment with a Patron blanco (!)--hey Doc, wouldn't that be an anejo? Thats not my idea of a "blanco", nor are any of the other tequilas that Gary included in a list that had Hornitos in it. I make my margaritas with the regular Sauza blanco that in LA can be obtained for about $20 for a 1.5l bottle. Yes, I know its not 100% blue agave and its certainly not something you want to sip as Doc discovered when he was over last week and I gave him a blind tasting along side a reposado. I use it only for magaritas as I contend that its raw taste stands up well in blending with that most essential ingredient: fresh lime juice. As a matter of fact I just finished picking up my wife up at the airport as she was returning from a week in Arizona taking in spring training games (we're both baseball nuts). Practically the first thing she mentioned were the horrible margaritas they were serving at the resort type hotel she stayed at in Scottsdale--made with expensive tequila and undoubtedly some high priced orange liqueur and, of course, some damned sweet and sour mix. Ugh! So, you see, I must toddle off now and make her a proper one. Cheers! (to be continued)The creativity strength is like a spinning wheel, you need to figure out how to boost it up.
Creativity is clearly a competency at both individual and corporate level; the question is how to identify and build your creativity strength, and how does it become the competitive differentiator and bring the financial benefit?
Creative strengths are about how a capability is developed in creating novel ideas, and this includes the human in the loop, but it also includes what methods are required. Capabilities are developed by a cause and effect view or fishbone. The four major parts of the fishbone include human, his/her methods; tools and resources (such as information transfer). Human's adaptation has something to do with survival instincts and strengths. In today's world, adaptation seems slightly tricky, and being a little more creative than others gives individuals a certain edge to succeed. It is "the art of being alive."
, September 22, 2008
Silly error found at Structural Decomposition Analysis
Friday, September 12, 2008
The 10 Biggest Myths in Bass Fishing
When."
Friday, September 5, 2008
Meeting with advisor (9/5): SDA equations
Observation of conventions
US.Great.
Ticketing information is soon to come, so stay tuned and don’t miss out on a chance to see 2PM live in concert if you’re located near these stops!
Update:
Tickets for all four locations will be going on sale through the AXS website, and will become available on Saturday, October 18 at 10 a.m. (local time). Currently, prices range from $50 to $150.
Source: allkpopEvaluators put off university review following hostile reception
A review of Athens University by external evaluators came to an abrupt halt Tuesday after the team was targeted with threats and pelted with fruit by protesting students.
The five-member team, which is made up of Greek professors teaching at European and US institutions, was visiting the premises of the Athens Law School and the School of Positive Sciences at the time of the attack. The incident, which took place on the second day of the review, forced them to cancel a visit to the School of Philosophy.
No official statement had been issued by the university administration by the time of publication. Athens University will host a book presentation on the history of the institution Wednesday. Senior Education Ministry officials have been invited to the event.
According to sources, on Monday, evaluators had focused on the institution’s inability to keep some departments open following staff cutbacks as well as on the phenomenon of so-called “eternal students” – individuals who have been enrolled for years without graduating – which has a negative impact on evaluations.%… >>
Fur
Having pulled your fur coat out after summer "sleep", check out if it needs cleaning. You can do it by blowing on fur. Fur forms sort of a crater under air drag. If it disappears fast, then your fur coat is clean, if not - it needs cleaning.
If fur hair felted, wads and balls appeared, take a comb with long sharp and coarse teeth and brush these places carefully. Did you detect any dust during the process? Then spread it out on a wet sheet with its fur down and beat it.
One can return shine to fur that lost its polish with a small cheesecloth bag filled with milled walnuts. Simply rub your fur coat along "hair growth" with this bag.
In order to clean dirty and greasy places, one can prepare a solution consisting of equal amount of alcohol, table vinegar and water. Apply it on fur with a brush or a sponge, and then clean the surface with clean dry piece of cloth.
Forget you grandma's ways of cleaning neither: put rye or wheat bran in metal plate and put it on fire. Stir the substance constantly until it becomes hot. Disperse bran all over fur and then clean it with a brush. After this procedure, shake your coat and brush its fur.
If you are an owner of a white fur coat that obtained annoying yellow color after a warm season, do not get upset: potato flour or farina may return its white color. Cover fur with it and rub it as if you were washing it.
Sheepskin coat
It is best of all to clean a sheepskin coat with a brush made of natural rubber. Sheepskin coats with enameled (laked) covering shall be cleaned with a piece of cloth wetted with warm soapy water. Should some stains be detected, try to clean them with a clean rubber or a dried bread crust. Talc or oxalic acid, if you can find it, can take care of heavy stains. However, one should have real courage to deal with stains on expensive clothes. If you are not sure, do not risk and take it to a dry-cleaner's.
It happens so that the color of a sheepskin coat can faint after summer. In this case, you should lubricate its grain side with glycerin. Nevertheless, by no means you should do it with chamois products!
When needed, sheepskin coat may be ironed by using special press or regular iron. Iron its grain side through dry cotton cloth at mild heating mode (for synthetic fabrics).
And, if your clothes are not worth a row of pins, do not get upset! You are welcomed here, where you can find plenty of new things!
Timely trade show "Leather and fur" will be held in "BelExpo" building at the address: Prospect Pobeditelei, 14. The opening of the trade show is scheduled for October 26. Further information is available at the website and by phone: +375 17 250 12 74, +375 29 689 05 33.
Yuliya HveshchukLOS ANGELES (AP/KXAN) — Houston and the Astros are celebrating their first World Series championship, after beating Los Angeles 5-1 in Dodger Stadium.
Playing for a city still recovering from Hurricane Harvey, the Astros brought home the prize that had eluded them since they started out in 1962 as the Colt .45s.
George Springer was named World Series MVP after hitting a Series record-tying five homers, including one last night. He also became the first person to homer in four consecutive games during the same Fall Classic.
To say the team was excited would be an understatement! See how they celebrated in the locker room.
Astros locker roomDepartment of Government Air Transport Services
Mr. J. N Shipepe
Deputy Permanent Secretary
Department of Air Transport Services
Tel: +264 061 379810
Description
The Department of Government Air Transport Services provides Air Transport and special aerial service to the government and the public of Namibia.
Objective
The goal of the Department of Government Air Transport Services is to provide a safe, secure and efficient air transport services to His Excellency, the President of the Republic of Namibia, the Right Honourable Prime Minister, Cabinet Ministers and Government Officials to local and international destinations.
Section Administrative Support
Subsection Finance
Subsection Auxiliary Services
Administrative Support Section
This section is responsible for the department’s personnel administration, inventory, records and the filing system and all other administrative support.
Finance Subsection
The department operates Trade Account No: 51 2451 312 0000 000000 000000 0000.00 under which all financial activities are executed.
The finance subsection is responsible for all departmental financial transactions, in terms of receiving, evaluating and analysis of all invoices from local and international clients, payment of invoices, budgeting, monthly and annual financial reports.
The subsection is responsible for cost recovery exercise of the department’s undertaken flight operations activities by computing tariff rates and invoicing all service users accordingly.
Auxiliary Services Subsection
This subsection is responsible for the provision of hygiene services in terms of facility and aircraft cleaning, kitchen utensils and aircraft linen cleanliness. It is also responsible for messages and mail delivery as well as typing pool.
Type of Aircraft
Falcon 900B
The Falcon 900B is a corporate Jet which is available for the Head of State, Right Honourable Prime Minister, Cabinet Ministers, Government officials, parastatals and private business individuals.The aircraft has a maximum seating capacity of 14 passengers and has a speed of 740 km per hour that means can fly Windhoek – Ondangwa in 45 minutes, Windhoek – Katima Mulilo in 1H40 minutes and Windhoek – Keetmanshoop in 40 minutes.The aircraft has an endurance of 7 hours without refueling.
Learjet 31A
The Learjet 31A is also a corporate Jet which is smaller than the Falcon 900B with a maximum capacity of 7 passengers. This management tool is available for Cabinet Ministers, Government Officials, Parastatals and Business Individuals, who prefer to conduct official meetings or do business in distant towns and return to their offices on the same day to work or conduct other businesses.
On shorter distances this aircraft has the same speed as Falcon 900B which means it can fly Windhoek – Ondangwa in 45 minutes, Windhoek – Katima Mulilo in 1H40 minutes and Windhoek – Keetmanshoop in 40 minutes. The aircraft has an endurance of 3 hours without refueling.
AW139 Helicopter
This helicopter has a maximum capacity of 11 passengers and a speed of 250 km per hour, it can fly Windhoek – Ondangwa in 2H10 minutes, Windhoek – Keetmanshoop in 1H50 Windhoek – Katima Mulilo in 5H00 because of 1H00 technical stop in Rundu.
The helicopter is available for His Excellency the President, Government, Private Sector and the Public at large. This helicopter has an endurance of 3 hours without refueling.
AS350B Helicopter
This helicopter is smaller than the AW139 helicopter with a maximum capacity of 4 passengers and a speed of 200 km per hour.
That means it can fly Windhoek – Ondangwa in 2H30 minutes, Windhoek – Keetmanshoop 2H10 minutes, Windhoek – Katima Mulilo 7H00 hours because of technical stop in Rundu.
The helicopter is available for the Government, Private Sector and the Public at large and has an endurance of 3H30 minutes without refueling.
Directorate of Flight Operations
Directorate of Quality Assurance
Division of Flight Dispatching
Division of Maintenance Air Transport ServicesDoctor Who’s Season Seven premiere. I have SO. MANY. FEELINGS.
So a quick recap with spoliers: (beware!) The Doctor along with a newly divorced Amy and Rory (what the fuck is up with THAT?) are kidnapped and taken on board a Dalek spaceship. Why? The Daleks need the doctor to save them. There is the Asylum of the Daleks where the broken and insane (even by Dalek standards) are sent. Turns out…these rogue Daleks may escape and, I don’t know, exterminate to their proverbial heart’s content. So of course The Doctor will help.
On the asylum, The Doctor, Amy & Rory fight their way through Daleks and dead people who’ve been partially transformed into Daleks. The little eye-thingy comes out of their foreheads. Creepy. They are helped by Oswin “souffle girl” Oswald, a space crash victim who has been holed up in one room of her space craft for a year, protecting herself against the Daleks (by hacking into their mainframes, a job she insists is easy) and making souffles. (But where, the doctor wonders several times, does she get the milk for the souffles?)
While The Doctor goes to rescue Oswin, Amy and Rory have it out. Rory assumes he’s always loved Amy more. Amy says no, she didn’t leave Rory, she gave him up because he wanted kids so bad and after the timey-wimey insanity her uterus went through in season six, she can’t have kids anymore. They make up….yay!
As the doctor goes to rescue Oswin, he realizes she’s not a girl, but a former girl who’s been transformed, full conversion, into a Dalek. The body, anyway. Her mind is still human and unaware she’s in a Dalek body until The Doctor informs her. It’s sad the Doctor has to leave without her, but she still helps him, Amy & Rory get off the planet…..
Where they’re promptly back on the Dalek ship. But one of Oswin’s tricks had been to delete certain things from the Daleks’ memories, including who The Doctor is. So the Daleks have no clue who he is, which seems to leave him gloriously shy one enemy. Amy & Rory go home together and The Doctor is all around happy.
Feelings, I has them:
- Amy and Rory. The divorce seemed to come out of nowhere. They seemed fine at the end of the last Christmas special, though the whole shit with Melody/River last year couldn’t have been easy on them. It’s hard for me to believe it would have gone so badly so quickly, and that Amy would never have mentioned to Rory how distraught she was over the children thing. I’m sure we’ve all thought what Rory did – that he loved Amy more than Amy loved him. Two thousand years he waited….most wouldn’t do that for someone they love. That said I think Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvil did a marvelous job handling the scene where they confront exactly what happened. (Though I am an unabashed fan of Arthur Darvil as Rory. I think he is the best actor on the show.)
- It took me until the second time viewing it to realize it might be the same technology molding people into partial-Daleks is the same technology brought to Earth by Jack Harkness in The Lost Child/The Doctor Dances. It’s what turned those folks, starting with little Jamie, into the gas-mask monsters. Am I right about this? I could go back and watch those other episodes (and they ARE my season one favorites), but I don’t have a lot of time. Also, on this same note. I think the idea of turning humans into Daleks, or even partial Daleks, is a little close to Cybermen.
- I’m not a Dalek fan. I think they’re lame and silly. I don’t think there has been a good Dalek episode since Eccleston. Until now, that is. I really loved this episode, and it might be the first where I took the Dalek threat seriously. (I’m not sure this is true, but I heard the writers are contractually obligated to work the Daleks in once a season. Something to do with BBC’s ownership of the Dalek image, I think?)
- Oswin Oswald: OK, what the fuck is going on here? A big deal was made of Jenna Louise Coleman becoming The Doctor’s companion, and I assume she will become his companion later this season. The question is, how? I see four options.
- Go back in time, and somehow rescue her from her timeline. In this scenario, of course, The Doctor, Amy & Rory might not be able to escape the asylum. Or they will take her out of an earlier timeline, travel with her a bit, then deposit her back to before she boards The Alaska, knowing full well what’s going to happen to her. I like this option a lot, and I think this is where they will go. Moffatt will have to work some timey-wimey magic of course so as not to eff up the future, unless he wants it to end on a dark note, which is fine too. And it will probably end with the Daleks all remembering exactly who The Doctor is.
- Return to the asylum, rescue Dalek-Oswin and somehow reverse engineer her back into regular Oswin. Possible, and it might be preferable to keep her story-line from resembling River Song’s too much.
- Jenna Louise Coleman plays a twin, or sister, or mother or daughter (from other timelines, of course) or someone related to Oswin who looks exactly like her to become his companion. This option is meh. I don’t see how that couldn’t be schlocky, even by Who standards.
- They will never do this, but it would make me giggle if she were to become his companion as is. I like the idea of The Doctor flirting with her, and to an outsider it looks like he’s flirting with a bad sci-fi prop made out of a trashcan, egg beater, and toilet plunger. I think the Dalek body is too clunky to really consider being a companion to The Doctor.
- The Zombie Daleks – Pretty fucking scary, Scarier than the regular Daleks, that’s for sure. Also, it’s always so creepy when a character acknowledges his or her own death, like that crew member from Oswin’s ship. “I died outside. The cold preserved my body.”
- Matt Smith-He’s grown into the role so much. I love him and I’ll be super sad the day he’s no longer The Doctor.
- The end of the episode, where the Daleks are all saying “Doctor, Who? Doctor, Who?” and Matt Smith tells them they’ll never stop asking. Eh, it made me smile the first time I watched. The second time it made me roll my eyes. I think the phrase “Doctor Who,” should be used sparingly, and if it’s the last time this season we hear that, I’ll be OK with it.
Pingback: More Doctor Who | Are You There Youth? It's Me, Nikki
Hey Nikki! I’m glad I finally caught up to the rest of the Whovians and am able to comment on your Doctor Who posts! I’ve heard speculation that Oswin’s ancestor will be the companion. This seems kind of common to introduce people in “minor” roles like that. Karen Gillian had a minor role in the Pompey episode, and Freema Agyeman (totally looked that one up) was also a minor character before she was Martha– like, “my cousin got turned into a cyberman.” But, that was before Moffat toyed with us so much.
The nano technology from The Lost Child… could be, but I don’t know. The nanos “repaired” people in that one. They weren’t selective. The Daleks seemed pretty selective in who to turn and who to exterminate.
Nobody ever commented on a Doctor Who post?! You must have the wrong followers!Understanding the meaning of the various music symbols is the crux of
reading piano sheet music. These symbols were devised over 1,000 years ago and
have become the cornerstone of notating music in the Western world. With
helpful, clear instruction, the world of written music will be within your
grasp. Here are 10 easy ways to learn the music symbols.
#1 - The simpler the note is, the longer it lasts! A plain oval (a whole
note) is worth 4 beats.
#2 - Add a stem and halve its value. An oval with a stem (a half note) is
worth 2 beats.
#3 - Colour it in black and halve its value. A black oval with a stem (a
quarter note) is worth 1 beat.
#4 - If you add a dot after a note, you add on half of its value. A half
note is worth 2 beats. A dotted half note is worth 2 + 1 = 3 beats.
#5 - If you see a # sign, this is called a sharp. It refers to the black
notes on the piano. C is a white note. C# is the very next black note up from C.
#6 - If you see a "b" sign (it will be a pointed b), this is called a
flat. Again it refers to the black notes on the piano. D is a white note. Db is
the very next black note down from D.
#7 - "p" in music stands for piano. This means play quietly.
#8 - "f" in music stands for forte. This means play loudly.
#9 - The treble clef refers to the notes above Middle C on the piano.
#10 - The bass clef refers to the notes below Middle C.
Start playing the piano and reading music today. Access Andrea Monk's Free
Video Course called Piano Lessons for Beginners by clicking on this link:
Article Source:
This
Site Is Brought To You By
Craypoe.com:
Craypoe.combaptizo
Contents
Latin[edit]
Alternative forms[edit]
Etymology[edit]
Borrowing from Ancient Greek βαπτίζω (baptízō, “I dip, plunge, draw wine”) into Late Latin, from βάπτω (báptō, “I dip, dye, imbue”).
Pronunciation[edit]
Verb[edit]
baptīzō (present infinitive baptīzāre, perfect active baptīzāvī, supine baptīzātum); first conjugation
Inflection[edit]
Related terms[edit]
Terms related to baptizo
Descendants[edit]
- Albanian: pagëzoj
- Aromanian: pãtedz, pãtidzari
- Asturian: bautizar (borrowed)
- Catalan: batejar
- English: baptise / baptize (borrowed)
- Esperanto: bapti (borrowed)
- French: baptiser (borrowed)
- Friulian: batiâ
- Galician: bautizar (borrowed)
- Italian: battezzare
- Norman: bâptîsi (Jersey, borrowed)
- Occitan: batejar
- Old French: baptisier (borrowed) baptoier, batoyer
- Old Portuguese: batiçar (borrowed)
- Old Spanish: baptear, batear
- Portuguese: batizar (borrowed)
- Romanian: boteza, botezare
- Sardinian: batiài, batiare, batigiare
- Sicilian: battiari
- Spanish: baptizar (borrowed), bautizar (borrowed)
- Venetian: batizxar, batixar, batezar, batidar
References[edit]
- baptizo in Charlton T. Lewis and Charles Short (1879) A Latin Dictionary, Oxford: Clarendon Press
- “baptizo” in Félix Gaffiot’s Dictionnaire Illustré Latin-Français, Hachette (1934)
- baptizo in Ramminger, Johann (accessed 16 July 2016) Neulateinische Wortliste: Ein Wörterbuch des Lateinischen von Petrarca bis 1700[1], pre-publication website, 2005-2016Worksheet #718957 : Rectangular Prism Worksheet (+23 More Worksheets)
volume of rectangular prism worksheet
File #: 718957
File Type: image/jpeg File Size: 59 KB Dimension: 736x952 pixels
Updated: November 30th, 2017
This is the math worksheet #718957: Rectangular Prism Worksheet – volume of rectangular prism worksheet, part of the 23 worksheets update published on November 30th, 2017. These math worksheets can be downloaded and used as reference to better suit your worksheet requirements.
Click to download this worksheet directly, below.
Browse More Math Worksheet
Worksheet #520750:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - This Free Kindergarten Math Worksheets Counting Back ..
Worksheet #595800:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - Associative Property Of Addition Worksheets 3Rd Grade
Worksheet #604780:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - Free Preschool and Kindergarten Simple Math Worksheets ..
Worksheet #12241584:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - Multiplying 1 to 12 by 1 A Multiplication Worksheet
Worksheet #612792:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - Multiplying Fractions Word Problems Worksheets Davezan
Worksheet #12751650:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - 2nd Grade Math Common Core State Standards Worksheets
Worksheet #742964:
Rectangular Prism Worksheet - Free worksheets for comparing or ordering fractions
Find Suitable Math Worksheets for Your Needs
9th Grade Math Worksheets and Answers
Kindergarten Math Practice Worksheets
Math Counting Worksheets Kindergarten
Associative Property of Addition ..
Free Math Worksheets for 2nd Graders
Maths Worksheets for Preschool
Division Remainder Worksheet
Multiplication Worksheet 1-12
Multiply Decimals by Whole Numbers ..
Graphing Worksheets Kindergarten
Multiplication Fraction Word Problems ..
Comparing Fractions Worksheet Pdf
Letter M Worksheet KindergartenThere bubbles
Throwing garbage
Drinking soda
Looking happy
Taking pictures
So completely stupid
Just go away
There's no home for you here girl, go away
There's no home for you here
...
When I first copies the lyrics for here, the "Breaking bubbles" lyric (as appears on the official website) was "breaking baubles". What the heck are baubles?
Christmas ornaments!
I feel like I've been falling behind my music here a bit. Time to spin the black circle for a bit tonight, before Calgary.Still Struggling with Post-Cancer Loneliness?
Here’s the Secret to Putting It Behind You
by Debbie Woodbury
I’m OK with solitude. In fact, I crave it. What I’m not OK with is loneliness. Before my breast cancer diagnosis and mastectomy, I thought I knew what loneliness felt like.
The night I gave birth to my first child, I eagerly anticipated the joy of holding her in my arms. Instead, because my doctor feared that I had a virus, I was quarantined away from my baby girl until the next day. It was the loneliest night of my life … until I got cancer.
For the first six and a half months of diagnostic tests, doctor visits, and surgery, I was rarely alone in the trenches. Together, my family and I trudged through diagnosis, treatment, and re- cuperation. I fully expected survival to be a celebration.
It wasn’t. Instead, I was hit with the emotional fallout of living with cancer and was left standing in the rubble as my loved ones, convinced “the worst was over,” returned to normal without me. This wasn’t like the night apart from my newborn. Nor was it like the five long years of miscarriages and fertility struggles my husband and I endured to get to that night. We soldiered through those difficult experiences together, in solidarity. This time, it was just me, all alone and facing an in- escapable, unrecognizable “new normal.”
My salvation began two days after my mastectomy, when a breast cancer navigator walked into my hospital room and introduced me to the world of cancer support services. Desperate to crawl out of the black hole of loneliness, I committed to meeting weekly with a therapist. As I talked through all the grief, fear, anxiety, and trauma of my cancer experience, I learned that I wasn’t alone. I had a tribe. I was, and am, part of a massive community of cancer survivors.
Eventually, I gathered the courage to join support groups and attend a rehabilitation exercise class. It was in these group settings that I discovered the secret to putting my post-cancer loneliness behind me: connecting with other survivors.
With this discovery, I began having conversations with other survivors about what it’s like to feel alone in a crowd, how others often judge without understanding, and the difficulty of recovering emotionally while everyone around you wants to move on. Through commiserating with my fellow cancer survivors, I found the ladder I needed to climb out of the deep pit of loneliness.
As I look back, I realize that the solution to my post-cancer loneliness was simple. All I had to do was show up and allow myself to be supported. (Of course, that’s not to say that simple is synonymous with easy, especially when cancer has sapped you of the energy to put yourself out there.) Yet, the reward was worth the effort. Connecting with others who understood what I was going through vanquished my loneliness, and I was able to begin healing emotionally.
You are not doomed to live in the depths of post-treatment loneliness. Show up to support groups, make an appointment with a therapist, call cancer helplines, seek out mental health professionals, and connect with your fellow survivors. If you can muster the energy to put yourself out there, you will find the support you need to light your way out of the dark shadows of loneliness.
♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦
Debbie Woodbury is a breast cancer survivor, motivational speaker, blogger, and author of the books You Can Thrive After Treatment and How to Build an Amazing Life After Treatment, which are available at amazon.com. You can keep up with Debbie on her blog at WhereWeGoNow.com, as well as on Twitter (@DebbieWWGN) and Facebook (WhereWeGoNow as Cancer Survivors).
This article was published in Coping® with Cancer magazine, September/October 2014.AUCAOS member Prof. Mats Andersson’s group has recently demonstrated that poly(4-vinylpyridine) (P4VP) can be used as an alcohol-processable interface layer in high-performing polymer solar cells. Prof. Andersson, Dr Anirudh Sharma and ANSTO scientist Dr Andrew Nelson will investigate the interactions between the interface layer and the fullerene in the bulk heterojunction layer of PSCs. The project was recently granted beam time on the PLATYPUS and X-ray reflectometer, with a total grant value of $AUD 51075"Feminine images cluster around the Spirit, as the Syriac word for spirit, ruha, is itself feminine."
"An early stream of Aramaic-Syriac Christian tradition portrayed the
Spirit as feminine... In the Gospel of the Hebrews, the Holy Spirit is
seen as Christ's mother and also the power that transports him to the
mountain of his transfiguration. In this gospel, Christ says, 'Even
so did my mother, the Holy Spirit, take me by one of my hairs and
carry me away unto the great Mountain, Tabor.'
The most lush development of female images for the Spirit is found in the second-century Syriac hymns the Odes of Solomon. The language of these hymns is poetic, non philosophical, and explains a plurality of images for the believer's transformed life through communion with the divine. Feminine images cluster around the Spirit, as the Syriac word for spirit, ruha, is itself feminine."
Goddesses and the Divine Feminine: A Western Religious History
By Rosemary Radford Ruether, University of California Press; 2006, page 132
The Qur'n uses two terms Ruh-Allah and Ar-Ruh-Al-Qudus for the Spirit of God. Such is the case in the following references: "We gave unto Jesus, son of Mary, clear proofs [of Allah's sovereignty], and we supported him with the Holy Spirit [ar-Ruh-al Qudus]," (Surah 2, Al-Baqarah, The Cow: 87).
"When Allah saith: O Jesus, son of Mary! Remember My favour unto thee and unto thy mother; how I strengthened thee with the Holy Spirit [al- Ruh al-Qudus], so that the Scripture and Wisdom and the Torah and the Gospel ... and thou didst heal him who was born blind and the leper by My permission; and how thou didst raise the dead, by My permission" (Surah 5 Al-Ma'idah, The Table Spread: 110).
"Go, O my sons, and ascertain concerning Joseph and his brother, and despair not the Spirit of Allah [Ruh-Allah]" (Surah 12, Joseph: 87).
"Say (O Muhammad): The Holy Spirit hath revealed it (the Quran) from thy Lord with Truth, that it may confirm the faith of those who believe and as a guidance and Good Tidings (gospels) for those who have Surrendered (to Allah)." 16:102
"And thus have We inspired in thee (Muhammad) a Spirit of Our Command. Thou knowest not what the Scripture was nor what the Faith. But We have made it a light whereby We guide whom We will of Our bondmen. And lo! Thou verily dost guide unto a right path, the path of Allah, unto whom belongs whatsoever is in the heavens and whatsoever is in the earth. Do not all things reach Allah at last?" 42:52-53
"And lo! It (the Quran) is a revelation of the Lord of the Worlds which the True Spirit hath brought down upon thy heart, that thou mayest be one of the warners in plain Arabic speech." 26:192-195
Note: The above quotations from the Qur'n make reference to God, to His Word, and to His Spirit. Ruh is Allah's own attribute given to human beings. The Quran doesn't say the ruh of man but Ruh of Allah. In Aramaic, Ruha d-Qudsha means "The spirit of holiness" (corresponding to Hebrew: Ruah ha-Qodes, and Arabic: ar-Ruh-al Qudus). For Jews, Muslims and Syriac-speaking Christians it signifies the Holy Spirit mentioned in both the Quran and the Bible.
For four hundred years the word Holy Spirit was ruha, a feminine word derived from the Hebrew ruach
"Christian Misogyny.
Thus Tertullian, a Christian theologian in the third century, described Eve as the gateway to the devil because, according to the Genesis myth, she first broke God's law and brought about the loss of original purity. He held her personally responsible for the death of Christ, and his general distrust and distaste of women was based on this rationale.
Origin, a theologian contemporary with Tertullian, wrote of the feminine and the corporeal as essentially one, and unworthy of God. He believed that God saw only the masculine and spiritual aspects of creation, since the Creator could surely not be expected to stoop so low as to regard the feminine and fleshy. St. Jerome, writing a century later, expressed this same equation of woman with sexuality and sin by reasoning that since Paul had written that it is well for a man not to touch a woman (1 Cor 7:1), then it must always be bad to touch a woman. Women were dangerously physical, inferior to men at best and destructive to the eternal souls at worst.
Virginity and celibacy therefore became elevated as spiritually more pure than marriage or sexual activity of any kind, and sexual sin was judged severely. Expressions of Christianity such as Gnosticism that gave women and men an equal place in the community, in liturgy, and in leadership, and that refereed to the Godhead as 'Mother' as well as 'Father' were suppressed as heretical, and their sacred writings were destroyed.
Where the Wisdom tradition was brought to bear on Christology, with Christ seen as the incarnation of God' eternal and universal wisdom, the feminine word Sophia was replaced by the masculine Logos.."
She changes everything: seeking the divine on a feminist path
Lucy Reid, pages 32-33
Continuum International Publishing Group Ltd. (2 Feb 2006)
[16] Izutsu, Toshihiko. The Key Philosophical Concepts in Sufism and Taoism—Ibn Arabi and Lao-Tzu. Ghuang-Tzu:Tokyo 1966.
.
THE CENTRALITY OF THE DIVINE FEMININE IN SUFISM
THE CENTRALITY OF THE DIVINE FEMININE IN SUFISM
. worshipers of El'Ka'ba (a goddess). Her worshipers knelt at her symbol, a jet black stone.[9] This jet-black stone was probably a meteorite, and the Hajar Al-Aswad was once known as the 'Old by Arabs in most parts and by the Semitic races generally. The Kabyles of Kabylia in Northern Algeria say their first Great Mother goddess was turned to stone. Other names of the goddess are Kububa, Kuba, Kube and the Latin Cybele.[13] Other scholars say that this meteorite was brought to Makkah by the Sabeans or the Ethiopians and state that the goddess who dwelt in the sacred black stone was given the title Shayba (see Beni Shaybah - the Sons of the Old Woman, above) who represented the Moon in its threefold existence - waxing, (maiden), full (pregnant mother) and waning (old wise woman).[14] Although the word Ka'ba itself means 'cube', it is very close to the word ku'b meaning 'woman's breast'.[15].'[17]'aytu.'s theological beliefs were profoundly shaken when she read Holy Blood, Holy Grail[23], roles of Muhammad's daughter Fatima and Mary are similar. The true line of the Prophet 'Isa; ]]
The-'Ar-The Evening Star), the daughter of the Prophet, is the secret in Sufism. She is the Hujjat of 'Ali. In other words, she establishes the esoteric sense of his knowledge and guides those who attain to it. Through her perfume, we breathe paradise. Though she was his daughter, the Prophet Muhammad called her Um Abi'ha (mother of her father). 'Ali 18, 'I take refuge in the Merciful (Rahman) from you.' 'Consequently,' Ibn 'Arabi says, 'she-'rza fi sitati 'yamin sumas-tawa 'lal 'r? Al-Kawthar is a sacred pool of life-giving water in Paradise-a profoundly feminine symbol. The name of Kawthar is derived from the same root as kathir 'abundance',] 'The distinctive feature of family shamanism was participation by nearly all members of the family in ritual activities. At the same time, peoples of northeastern Siberia had shamans who played the main role in rituals. They included transvestite male and female shamans. During religious ceremonies (kamlaniye), such male shamans dressed in women's clothes and female shamans dressed in men's clothes. Transvestite men and women shamans were regarded as the most powerful.'[57] Ibn al-'Ar 'Ali  'dark' 'night'.- ('Alaiha Assalam) The Mother.
The Prophet Muhammad pronounced an utterance of supreme compassion and love for the feminine when he was returning from a battle with his Companions. They.'[60] Jalal al-Din Rumi, in an amazing passage of the Masnavi on the Return to Allah, made reference to the story of the infant Moses and addressed Allah directly as 'Mother':
."'ite Imams, 'arwahuna ajsaduna wa- ajsaduna arwahuna' (our spirits are our bodies and our bodies are our spirits).
One of the primary goals of the Sufi is to reawaken the body to an awareness of it being an expression of the divine. The body is not basically sinful (as in the Roman Catholic Church's conception of Original Sin) in Islam, rather the body is the seat of the highest reality created by 'Iraqi'raj,,
'Ali'ilis tells of a renowned Isma 'al-'Arabi pronounced: 'True divinity is female, and Makkah is the womb of the Earth.' Because he said the godhead was feminine, they accused Ibn al-'Ar'ah,'ah), "The Prophet of Allah, when he tells of the things he was made to love, puts woman above man. He uses the word thalath, feminine three, not thalathah, masculine three, and yet in the same sentence there is the word tib — perfume, which is masculine. In Arabic grammar when it is said, for example, 'Fat-'Ar 'Ar.ours who sang of courtly love, that.) 'Ali 'gods' were viewed as being the top of the pantheon of Arab deities.[90]
6.) The shrine of the sacred stone in Makkah, formerly dedicated to the pre-Islamic Triple Goddess Manat, Al-Lat (Allah), and Al-Uzza, the 'Old Woman' was worshipped by Muhammad worshipped by votaries of Artemis... .]
8.).[93]
9.).[94]
10.)" is regularly dropped when Syriac words and names are borrowed into Arabic. Middle-eastern Christianity used Alah and Alaha frequently, and it would have often been heard. However,. Those scholars who know Qur'anic Arabic, know that the second vowel in alla.[98]
12.). 'the Spirit of God moved on the face of the Waters' and that 'the waters of the Torah' are the life- giving waters of the sacred law. In the Qur'an it is said, 'From 'Ar]'Iraqi, 'ala Ibn 'Ar 'Ar
The Paraclete Shri Mataji ...
So somebody has to be there to give you the complete picture. You get Realization, you get vibrations (Ruach, Pneuma, Prana), but then what? What about the complete? And for that the Holy Ghost has to take a form. All right?"
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
Sydney, Australia—April 7, 1981
.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"Israel's eschatological hope for the final indwelling of God is the foundation of the Christian hope for the `new heaven and the new earth'. Ezekiel 37.27 returns once more in the promise of Rev. 21.3: I will dwell with them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my peoples. That is `the tabernacle - the dwelling - of God with human beings', God's sanctuary among them `for ever': the new Jerusalem...
And yet there is one particular Christian contribution to Shekinah theology. This is the idea of the mutual Shekinah of God and human beings `in Christ'. `In Christ' is God himself, God who has `reconciled the world with himself' (II Cor. 5.19). Those who are `in Christ' are `a new creation' (II Cor. 5.17). `In Christ' we find a double dwelling: the indwelling of God and the indwelling of believers. This double indwelling becomes the foundation for the eschatological and universal hope of Christians for the new creation of all things...
The difference between Shekinah theology and christology is that although - especially among the rabbis - God's Shekinah, as Israel's co-sufferer and its companion on the way, can take on human features, it has not yet specifically `become flesh' and as messianic person `dwelt among us'." (Moltmann 1996 Kindle 4351)
.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"The early Christian faith in the resurrection was not based solely on Christ's appearances. It was just as strongly motivated, at the very least, by the experience of God's Spirit. Paul therefore calls this Spirit `the Spirit' or `power' of the resurrection. Luke makes the end of the appearances with Christ's ascension be followed by the outpouring of the pentecostal Spirit. Believing in the risen Christ means being possessed by the Spirit of the resurrection. In the Spirit, the presence of the living Christ was experienced. Believing in Christ's resurrection therefore does not mean affirming a fact. It means being possessed by the life-giving Spirit and participating in the powers of the age to come (Heb. 6.5)." (Moltmann 1990 Kindle 3261)

.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"_5<<.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"Is this eschatological symbol an appropriate way of describing the experiences with Jesus? Is it an arbitrary way of expressing them, or does it offer itself with an inward and inevitable cogency? It apparently grew up out of the apocalyptic structure of the 'seeing' of Christ. But does it also fit the experience of his death on the cross? The answer is 'yes', inasmuch as raising presupposes death, and the eschatological raising of the dead does not mean a revivification; nor does it mean a return to this life, which leads to death. The resurrection is not a revival, as in the case of Jairus's daughter, or Lazarus, whom Jesus brought back to this life but who later died once more. 'The raising of the dead' at the end of days means a qualitatively new life which no longer knows death and is not a continuation of this mortal life." (Moltmann 1990 Kindle 3315)
.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"When the Spirit of truth comes,
she will guide you into all truth. 16:38a
The Paraclete is referred to as the Spirit of truth (as in 14:17; 15:26 and 1 John 1:6 and 5:7). Again she comes. She will guide (hodego), a verb related to 'the way,' hodos, 14:6) the church into all the truth... The Spirit, in a movement that is through truth and into truth, will lead Jesus' followers into the Truth that Jesus is... The expression all the truth (te aletheia pase) refers not to speculative inquiry or a developed body of doctrine, but concretely to the truth which is Jesus, the word in which the church is constituted." (Stevick 2011, 257)
siah
.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"Paul brought out the connection here very clearly: `If the Spirit of him who has raised Jesus from the dead dwells in you, he who has raised Christ Jesus from the dead will give life to your mortal bodies also through his Spirit which dwells in you' (Rom. 8.11). He links the perfect tense of the raising of Christ with the present tense of the indwelling of the Spirit, and the present tense of the Spirit with the future tense of the resurrection of the dead. The perfect tense of the raising of Christ therefore designates, not a past event but an event in the past which in the Spirit determines the present, because it opens up the future of life. Without this history which it throws open in the Spirit and in hope, the resurrection is incomprehensible. The present liberating experience of the Spirit is grounded in the perfect of Christ's resurrection." (Moltmann 1990 Kindle 358_8<<.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"The eschatological symbol of the raising of the dead is an interpretative category well suited to comprehend the contradictory experiences of the men and women disciples with Jesus: crucified in weakness - living in glory. No more can be said about the verification in Jesus himself. What happened to him between his death on Golgotha and his appearances no one saw, and no one claims to have seen. Only Christian painters have given free rein to their imaginations in the darkness of this mystery, yet without making the darkness any less. When Christ was raised, there were no eye witnesses of the event. Only `the empty tomb' gave ambiguous tidings of what had happened there. That Jesus' tomb was empty seems to be an extremely well attested fact, because both Jews and Christians knew of it. The message of the resurrection brought by the disciples on their return to Jerusalem could hardly have lasted a single hour in the city if it had been possible to show that Jesus' body was lying in the grave." (Moltmann 1990 Kindle 3306)

.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"Pannenberg writes that, 'The eschatological salvation at which Christian hope is directed fulfills the deepest longing of humans and all creation even if there is not always a full awareness of the object of this longing. Yet like the reality of God it transcends all our concepts.' For Pannenberg the Spirit is the agent who leads creation into this eschaton... Pannenberg asserts that the Spirit was an eschatological reality for primitive Christianity. Israelite prophecy had promised that the Spirit would be poured out at the end of history, and they experienced this eschatological reality as already present in the gift of the Spirit." (Varkey 2011 Kindle 6365)

.jpg)
The Messiah-Paraclete-Ruh-Devi
"Seeing history in the perspective of resurrection means participating through the Spirit in the process of resurrection. Belief in resurrection is not summed up by assent to a dogma and the registering of a historical fact. It means participating in this creative act of God. A faith of this kind is the beginning of freedom. If God reveals himself in the raising of the Christ crucified in helplessness, then God is not the quintessence of power, such as the Roman Caesars represented. Nor is he the quintessence of law, such as the Greek cosmos reflects. God is then the power that quickens into life, that makes the poor rich, that lifts up the humble and raises the dead. Faith in the resurrection is itself a living force which raises people up and frees them from the deadly illusions of power and possession, because their eyes are now turned towards the future of life. The proclamation of the resurrection of Christ is a meaningful statement against the horizon, or in the context, of the history which the resurrection itself begins - the history of the freeing of human beings and the whole sighing creation from the forces of annihilation and death. Understood as an event that discloses the future and opens history, the resurrection of Christ is the foundation and promise of life in the midst of the history of death." (Moltmann 1990 Kindle 358.
Size of this preview: 640 × 316 pixels. Other resolutions: 320 × 158 pixels | 800 × 395 pixels.
Full resolution (download) (1,363 × 673 pixels, file size: 118">
This is proof of Mashaad and Merhab123 being annoying
Here are 3 pictures.
File history
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.Job: Production Designers If you’ve registered with us previously, please login now. If you’d like to register, please click the ‘Register’ link below.Username: Password: Register | Forgot your password?.
11 comments:
Love Terri bird, so cute and obviously singing happily, like the birds we heard (but rarely saw) in the woods last week. As for Roger, quite agree he shouldn't have had a nap, but now I'm intrigued as to what you did with him, lol.
This is great Alis!
I am so honored that you named your fabulous creation after me.
Hi, Alis! Great piece. I like Terri Bird's sister too. Bravo!
Terri Bird is so lovely and sweet!! Poor Roger!!! hehe...
Oh this is so bright and cheerful,
its lovely Alis
Charming piece. You did a fantastic job!
Hi Alis,
I have enjoyed reading your last few posts. Lovely work. Rosemary
It's beautiful and so colourful. It sounds as though you are having a lot of fun.
Hi, Alis. You've been tagged. See my blog post for today. Playing is voluntary.
I love your bird! She's wonderful!Teamwork Trust scoops top business award Teamwork Trust has scooped a top award and been crowned Not for Profit Business of the Year in the high-profile SME Northamptonshire Business Awards 2017. The charity, which has centres in Corby, Kettering and Wellingborough, works with and supports its Northamptonshire members who are adults with mental health needs, learning and physical disabilities. Teamwork Trust scooped the top award in front of hundreds of leading Northamptonshire businesses. This comes hot on the heels of an award win earlier this year, when Teamwork Trust was unveiled as the first ever charity to win a Northamptonshire Logistics Award. John Bruce, Strategic Director for Teamwork Trust, said: “It’s been a phenomenal year, with this award further proof that we are an organisation and charity that is going places and is here to stay. “The whole team and all our members are rightly proud. Our vision is simple – we care and are passionate about ensuring that everyone has access to the same chances, choices and opportunities and we embrace and celebrate individual needs and abilities. “With another award to our name we are now focused on and committed to building on this success to ensure we are sustainable and prepared for the 22nd century.” Last year saw another highlight for Teamwork Trust when the charity was selected as the only organisation in Northamptonshire to receive support from the Local Sustainability Fund (LSF). This funding helped fund, among many other things, a new website which celebrates member achievements, promotes fundraising and raises the charity’s profile. See for yourself: See the team receive their SME Northamptonshire Business award by viewing this short film HERE.Automatic Urinal Flushometer
- Model No.:RF-1106
- Made In:Taiwan, ROC
Automatic Urinal Flushometer
Key Features
Product Details: Brass Automatic Urinal Flushometer The Features: · Infrared sensor automatically flushing, non-contact type of using water environment, more convenient and health. · All brass with chrome housing, solid and shock resistance, beautiful appearance and practical. · The electronic control components are used in professional potting adhesive and dual sealed to moisture proof. · Adjustable sensing distance and easy setting, meet the needs of difference customers../2” internal thread · Installation: Exposed type · Flushing way: two-stage flush, two-stage flush, the first is 2 seconds, the second is 8 seconds · Water flow: 3L · Environment humidity: below 95%
Main Export Market
Hong Kong ,India ,Iran ,Israel ,Japan ,Philippines ,Saudi Arabia ,United Arab Emirates ,United States of America
Payment Details
- Payment Terms:TT ,L/C
- Min. Order Quantity:100 Pieces: -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: dispatch-tab-rodata.diff Type: text/x-diff Size: 464 bytes Desc: not available URL: <> -------------- next part --------------Business Interview: Modupe Ibironke Sarumi, Ronke Sarumi Footwear (RSF)/
Introducing Modupe Sarumi. She is a practicing pharmacist and the founder of an affordable stylish shoe line - Ronke Sarumi Footwear. Despite not have any footwear design experience, Modupe went ahead to pursue her dream of owning her own shoe line by learning as much as she could about her line of business in order to bring it to life.
When she is not busy at her job as a full time pharmacist AND full time shoe line owner, she is either reading a good book or spending time with her wonderful husband. She also recently took up mini gardening as a hobby, so she's been spending time nurturing her lonesome pepper plant. Now how's that for a multi-talented boss lady. In this interview Modupe share her progress, lessons learned and success as a new business owner. Enjoy!
"The fact that my “little secret” idea was able to overcome the doubts, challenges etc. that come with any venture and come to fruition is very humbling. "
Please introduce yourself and tell us about your business. What is it called and what services / products do you offer?
My name is Modupe Ibironke Sarumi. I am the creative director and founder of Ronke Sarumi Footwear (RSF). We are the stylish working woman affordable footwear line. We believe that all women are beautiful and exquisite and they deserve to look it. Our goal is for women to complete their outfits with beautiful footwear without breaking the bank.
Can you share a bit about how you choose this line of business? What transition did you make to owning your own business?
I have always loved shoes. There is a running joke amongst friends that since my feet are on the smaller size, I tend to find the nicer shoes. The truth is as much as I love shoes, I also understand that love for something (particularly material things) and affordability should somewhat go hand in hand, hence the birth of RSF. In terms of transitioning, I have a full time job, so running RSF, (which is another full time position) occurs, after work, weekends and whatever time duty calls.
Do you have any special training?
I have a Doctorate in Pharmacy and Masters in Public Health. I do not have any special training in designing or footwear merchandising. However I have made it my mission to do a lot of self-study through books, magazines, and internet research. I also attend webinars that are geared towards any aspect of my craft.
What are some of your biggest accomplishments as a business owner?
In as much as I don’t think that I have reached a point where I can highlight my biggest accomplishments, I would say the fact that RSF is where it is today is an accomplishment. In other words, the fact that my “little secret” idea was able to overcome the doubts, challenges etc. that come with any venture and come to fruition is very humbling.
How soon after you started did you start seeing profits? Or when do you project to begin earning a profit?
We launched in spring 2016 and so have not seen profits yet, as we have been focusing a lot of our energy on creating awareness through marketing. The projection is to hopefully start seeing profit by Fall/Winter 2016.
How did you decide how to price your services? How did you determine what your services were worth?
Pricing was one of the challenging areas. Particularly because it had to center around our goal. "Availing working women beautiful selection without breaking the bank." Our pricing came down to three things, cost + expenses+ focus group. Combination of all three helped in deciding the final prices of our collection.
What mistake(s), if any, have you made with your business? What have some of your biggest challenges been? What did you learn from the experience and how did you bounce back?
We have made some mistakes along the way. For instance since we manufacture outside the US, we have had to rely heavily on the expertise of the manufacturer. Though I chose and approved every selection and stage of the process. There was a style in the early stages that was not up to standards. So when that was discovered, I had to halt production. The lesson I learned is that I need to ensure that my thoughts and design are delivered and received clearly before I give the approval to proceed. The bounce back would be a more fabulous design, now that my design, production team and I are on the same page.
What do you consider the most important elements of running a successful business? Determination, Dedication, Perseverance, Patience and Prayers
Do you have any start-up advice you can share with women reading this who would like to launch their own businesses?
Depending on what your belief system is, for me, it means faith, and hard work. Surrounding yourself with like-minded people is also very crucial. The idea of mentorship can also be advantageous if you a blessed to find that person. Lastly, focus on your mission/goal more so than profitability and trust that your gifts would make room from you, which would eventually make you profitable.
Do you have any advice on managing your small business finances?
I am not a professional in this area, so I defer to the expert who assist as needed. It is imperative to keep the business account(s) separate from the personal however. Keeping accurate documentation is also very important. To be honest, I am a work in progress, I have days/weeks where I feel unaccomplished and others that I feel like I did something tangible. The key thing is to keep “working” the business, pause to evaluate, then adjust accordingly.
How do you balance work and life owning a small business?
Your support system is extremely important. I am blessed with an extremely supportive husband who keeps me grounded. As my husband he knows that life must go on and he assists in every way as he is able on the home front, also he also knows how important RSF is to me, so he assists in various capacities of it as well. As a silent partner, he also understands that we have business goals that must be met and he does what he can to achieve those.
Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
In 5 years I hope to have diversified into other related fashion line(s).
Please share a fun fact about yourself.
I am ambidextrous (more so a leftie, than a rightie!)
How can readers find you?
Our website is
Thank you so much Modupe for your time! We all really enjoyed your interview and cannot wait to see how RSF will do!Thanks Informer...!
Excellent little tool - It will be very helpful to me! I put it in my Top 10 tool kit immediately!
I've been doing lots of demo accounts and 100's of tests, and I was spending LOTS and LOTS of time just going back trying to find the trades, then drawing the trade lines by hand before I can review/analyze the trades...
This little tool will make it much easier to track my trades and save me so much time!
Thanks so much and God Bless you in all your endeavors!
Robert
191386
Informer:
Author: Максим СвиридовAfter stumbling on Donald Trump’s MLM quote after being asked what he would do if he were to start all over again by David Letterman in an interview. He responded
l would find a good network marketing company and get to work.
So, l also got to work to find how Trump’s products sold through network marketing performed on the market.
Donald Trump Network Marketing Company.
Donald Trump in 2009 bought a company called Ideal Health which had been formed 2 years earlier. He employed the company founders as the executives to assist in the transition of the company into a fully fledged network marketing company.
The company was renamed Donald Trump Network and was said to be a way for American to ‘opt out of the recession‘. Lets see if the network marketing model lived up to the hype?
Donald Trump Products.
Just like many other network marketing companies, donaldtrumpnetwork.com sold both the network’s ‘name’ and supplements. There was compensation for referring new people to the network and also for selling supplements.
So, you would make money by selling the brand ‘Donald Trump’ and various supplements which Ideal Health has been producing all along. The difference being that, the products where now being auto-shipped to clients every month.
PrivaTest kit.
New clients would get a urine test kit to collect a sample of their urine. The urine would be send to a laboratory which would come up with a list of deficiencies noted from the analysis of your urine. The testing was for free.
Various supplements in different combinations were then prescribed and would be send to the client or members of the network each month. This was definitely an innovative way to instill fear into clients before milking them of their cash.
Imagine if your would find out that your urine test results shows ‘critical low levels of certain vitamins’. A retest was encouraged after 6 months so that you get yet yet another list of additional vitamins.
As usual, there is NO scientific evidence to demonstrate the efficacy of using a ‘urine test‘ to ‘prescribe‘ supplements. Worse still, there is an obvious conflict of interest when a company tests your urine in order to sell you their products.
Did the Network Bail Americans Out of Recession?
l doubt it. Donald Trump purchased Ideal Health which was already grappling with complaints by both employees and clients.
The network in fact added misery to the American people who had to part with $500 to become members. Desperate network members bought endless lists of up-sells in the name of leadership training and spend hundreds of dollars on advertising.
More money was spend on upgrading membership which was up to five levels. With the usual promise, ‘the higher your status; the high the commissions you will earn’.
Eventually, the company shut its doors and sold the urine testing kit to a company called Bioceutica.
Was Donald Trump Network a Scam?
Yes it was in my opinion. This is what one of the Executive Diamond members, Bonnie Futrell had to say
“They weren’t being able to pay the laboratory for urine tests. They weren’t paying vendors. They weren’t paying us”.
Not paying affiliates and pocketing all the money is one of the worst scams ever. However, paying network members on time does not necessarily mean a program is legit.
For now, Trump you can keep your network marketing, l will stick to affiliate marketing.
Share your opinion or experience with this company? l have shared mine.
RELATED: Kyani Supplement Based MLM.Its once again a matter of you get what you pay for! Fuel pumps aren't really worth bargaining on to me... Kind of important...
And whoever installs this pump it would be a good idea to install proper quick connect fittings on the hose, the clipping them to the pump. There are no barbs or anything to stop that hose from coming off how it is setup currently.
Bungee Cup Holder Guru
Doesn't seem to be a way to orient the pump to avoid the access cover bumping the power connector. I could get close by routing the fuel lines directly over the sending unit, but that's not preferable. May look at fabricating something here, rather than notching out my access cover.
OK fitted this today, well of sorts.... On John's website it shows a rubber ring and two large metal rings. Upon delivery the new pump only has a rubber surround and a large jubilee clip. Not sure if they forgot to supply the other bits or they have stopped sending them. I'm awaiting an email back from him. Problem I have found is that because the unit is 'sprung' against the bottom of the tank, it's pushing the pump up and out of the rubber mounting ring when the sealing ring is tight on the tank lip.
Anyway I solved the hitting the access cover by fitting in an opposite orientation to suggested. Unfortunatly it has involved longer flexi fuel lines but there all safe in the new route with no sharp bends. The access cover seems to fit fine like this.
DSCF3732.jpg
Last edited by Chris Williams; 04-09-2015 at 01:44 PM.
Chris Williams #15768 Back on the road after 14 years. Ex#4584
Worldwide DeLorean Owners Club: Full colour DeLorean magazine shipped worldwide.
UK & Worldwide DeLorean forum:
I should have fitted mine like yours. I like that orientation better. The hard tubes on my pump were rubbing up against the floor of the spare wheel well.
Initially, my pump would push up through the rubber piece as well. If you move the clip up (to just below the top of the rubber portion), it seems to do a better job of securing without allowing the rubber to move. You also don't want it too tight (another issue that I had), or it can deform the rubber and allow movement.
I may have to just get longer fuel lines and do the same. Much better solution than cutting into fiberglass. No issues with the black clip hitting the access panel?Turtle Bay Beach Club Honeymoon Package
Enjoy Turtle Bay Beach Club Honeymoon Package today! Get the best service at Turtle Bay Beach Club Watamu.
Turtle Bay Beach Club is set in 10 acres of tropically landscaped gardens approximately two hundred metres of beach on the edge of the internationally acclaimed Watamu National Marine Park.
Photo Gallery
The hotel offers one hundred and forty five rooms, 3 bars, 3 restaurants, entertainment lounge and swimming pool. The Club has its own entertainment lounge offering live shows and traditional dancing.
Turtle Bay Beach Club is a tropical paradise situated amongst exotic and beautifully landscaped gardens or on the gorgeous beach offering a perfect getaway for your honeymoon.
Activities
- Tennis
- Cycling
- Water-polo
- Snorkeling
- Windsurfing
- Volleyball
- Water Aerobics
- Bird Watching
- Dhow Trips
- Beach Soccer
- Swimming
Turtle Bay Beach Club Honeymoon Package includes
- Flower garland at arrival
- Upgrade from Club to Lamu room (on availability),
- Basket of fruits in the room
- A bottle of sparkling wine
- Flower-decoration in the room
- Honeymooner photo
- Breakfast in bed
- Special dinner on the beach or in our a la carte restaurant
- Free tuk tuk ride to the Italian ice cream shop for a scoop each
- Two Turtle Bay t-shirtsDust — It’s everywhere!
Despite our best efforts in recent years to control the dust and chips that our woodworking tools produce, we still end up breathing in more than we should.
Breathing in the fine dust particles produced from sanding, routing, and sawing is not only annoying, it is a health hazard.
Over the years, the combination of wanting to save a buck and never wanting throw anything away has produced some pretty ingenious air filtration devices in our shops. We always looked at manufactured wood shop air filtration systems as big, expensive monsters — way beyond the means of the average woodworker.
Times have changed. These units are not only affordable, they are downright convenient. There is no excuse to take it on the chin (or in the lungs). The weekend woodworker or full time craftsman doesn’t have to breath in dust and run the risk of contracting cancer or severe respiratory problems.
This is probably the easiest shop upgrade ever. It simply boils down to purchasing a unit sized for your shop or workspace, hanging it from the ceiling and turning it on. The powerful fan and filters will clear the room of those fine dust particles that seem to go everywhere, including our nostrils, eyes and lungs.
What to look for when buying
In the past some cheaper air cleaners were not much more than a box with a fan and a furnace filter. That has changed as well. The standard in the industry now is remote control, timer and three speeds.
There are dozens of air filtration or air cleaners out there. Do your homework – look carefully at the technical specs. Buy based on your needs not what the unit looks like – a candy-apple paint job and and pin-striping won’t do much for you.
When comparing units, here are a few things to look for:
- Air flow: CFM ratings are not visual. How fast and how many times will it filter the entire volume of air in your shop?
- Noise level: For comparison, a vacuum cleaner is about 70db and 60db is considered quiet.
- Electrical requirements: Do you have the circuitry to run it?
- Mounting hardware: Does it come with everything you need?
- Does it have both outer and inner filters?
- Does it use an electrostatic filter to increase efficiency?
- Does the unit use common-sized filters?
- Are filters easily replaceable, no tools required?
- Do filters capture really fine dust (1 micron) particles?
- Warranty and Replacement parts
How much air filtration does your shop need?
At a minimum, your filtration system should be able to recycle the entire volume of air in your shop 6 to 8 times/hr. The standard shop size for comparison shopping is 20′ x 20′ x 8′. But this is the real world. To figure out what you need, use this simple formula.
To compute the total volume of air in your shop (cubic feet): volume = length x width x height
Multiply the air volume by the number of times per hour that you want the air in the shop to get ‘turned over.’ This will be 6 if you don’t make a ton of dust and 8 if you do a lot of sanding. Now divide that number by 60. Systems are rated in CFM (cubic feet per minute; dividing by 60 converts keeps our formula using mintues instead of hours).
So, as an example: Your shop is 10′ x 20′ with 8′ ceilings (10 x 20 x 8) and that equals 1600 cubic feet. We multiply by 8 (cycles) because we like to sand stuff. We get 12,800. Then, we divide by 60 (to get capacity in minutes vs hours) which comes out to 213. Which simply means you’ll need to get a unit that, at a minimum, moves air at 213 cfm.
What’s on the Market
To get you started, we assembled a list of affordable, quality air filtration units. Whether used on the job site, in a garage or in a dedicated woodworking shop, these units will handle the task.
( NOTE: Commercial woodworking shops have a whole different set of requirements than that of a home shop and require industrial dust collection/filtration systems. )The funeral providers listed below are situated within Hiram, Georgia. Please pick a funeral provider in Hiram to find out more information about the business, the funeral services offered, contact information and directions.
- Clark Funeral Home Inc
4373 Atlanta Highway
Hiram, GA 30141
Funeral services offered: Cemeteries, Funeral Directors, Funeral Services, Funeral Information
- Paulding Memorial Gardens
3566 Jimmy Lee Smith Parkway
Hiram, GA 30141
Funeral services offered: Cemeteries, Funeral Directors
- Sweetwater Memorial Park
4614 Hiram Douglasville H
Hiram, GA 30141
Funeral services offered: CemeteriesSocial networking site net internet site for Business– Can Businesses Survive without Social Media?
This stays actually favorably that remains in simple fact possibility for company to head to using social networking sites systems web site, regardless their propose consider should certainly stay actually very most absolutely got on 2 certain endeavors. The effect that social networking sites net website lugs strong varies, having actually revealed that this stays to become really typically stayed to dwell in crucial naked truth made information that virtually 80 % stemming from SMBs and also little bit of in addition to potentially medium-sized probabilities enjoyed reality found an augmentation in internet site web site visitor internet visitor traffic together with the assistance off social networking sites websites web websites units web website.
Sizable volumes from surveys cherished reality been in fact really absolutely carried out on the array off people that make use of socials media website body systems web website besides the strategy these specialists can potentially determine marketing and advertising tactics. For newbies, Coleman-Parkes Research discovered that 84 % arising from American organisation extremely most certainly counted on the have to develop new approaches to attach along with their folks, supplying social networks systems and also cellular telephone marketing and advertising. If you possess those quantities straight in to factor to handle alone, you stay truthfully failing to remember out on a program going over potential leadings aside from internet site web site guest internet site web site visitor traffic along with ignoring out on social networks internet sites net web sites
In an obsolete variety starting together with issues executed along with 2008 Cone Business in Social Media Study, the think about in-depth to good relevant information which have to continue to be actually consistently always remember aside from organization administrator.
-60 % stemming from American people utilize social networks web sites.
-90 % off those produced applicable details that firm have to supply social networks websites internet sites internet sites presence
-85 % going over those looked at that associations need to connect besides their customers using social media sites net internet site.
People that stayed in basic reality examined in addition made that association needs to make use of social networks internet sites internet sites internet site net internet site for the explanation arising off:
– Problem dealing with (43 %).
– Obtain evaluations alongside point of views (41 %).
– Customer interaction together with supplier (37 %).
– Market to folks (25 %).
If their clients choose wrong all coming from every one from each one of all of them on social networks systems internet site, this is in fact really a hint that these professionals in addition opt to attach throughout along with therapies. This continuouslies stay as a matter of fact an idea that service need social devices gave that their individuals continue to be in reality presently absolutely there certainly.
At this concern, social media sites web sites internet site systems internet site like Facebook apart from Twitter consistently be really normally detailed listed below to maintain for a consistent that is actually definitely possibility.
The end result that social media web site lugs provider recognizes, having explained that this continues to be in straight reality inhibited honest truth routinely storeded referrals that virtually 80 % arising off SMBs and even potentially in addition medium-sized as correctly as small amount off service provider have really mentioned an enhancement in site individual world wide web site web guest merchandise enhancement to the support showing up off social media websites website web site. If their individuals select all happening each off each apiece from all of them on socials media websites web sites, that is really absolutely presently a clue that these specialists additionally imply to protect along with to association.
The outcome that social media sites systems lugs organization realizes, offering mentioned that this dwells in reality in easy simple fact been in fact absolutely truthfully constantly hindered tips that almost 80 % off SMBs or maybe probably furthermore medium-sized as efficiently as remarkably little establishments welcome basic truth cleaned out an increase in internet site world wide web website attendee world wide web site merchandise add-on to the supplement off social networking sites internet sites website internet sites. These outcome has to positively stay in basic reality really showcased evaluated to great considerable for firm supervisors to dare worrying the request off social networks sites.
A lot of surveys possess really actually continued to be truthfully quite most completely concealed the selection developing starting point together with people that create usage taking place off social media web sites net websites as effectively as besides that the operation these pros may have an effect on advertising and marketing together with likewise marketing and advertising and also marketing methods. The result that socials media delivers on provider identify, supplying revealed that this is really certainly really been in fact in basic truth regularly inhibited concepts that mainly 80 % off SMBs or maybe similarly also medium-sized as successfully as small associations welcome reality dismissed a surge in whole globe massive internet website web site visitor internet website traffic along with the supplement off social media internet sites internet site
A sizable volume from surveys welcomed reality been really definitely indisputably did on the probability off people that use social media websites units website along with the technique these specialists can easily possess a result on marketing and advertising in addition to marketing and advertising approaches. If you possess those volumes straight right into element to think about alone, you are really forgeting out on a package occurring off viable leadings as successfully as internet site visitor site guest internet visitor traffic along with refusing out on social networks internet sites
A lot from surveys possess really in reality been really certainly highlighted on the assortment happening start together with individuals that create intake taking place starting point alongside social media web sites internet web sites as effectively as additionally the technique these pros more than likely affect advertising and marketing along with likewise advertising and marketing and marketing and advertising methods. The impact that social networks internet sites offers on business isolates, delivering directed out that this continues to be essentially in honest truth been really undoubtedly in basic fact regularly kept in suggestions that usually 80 % off SMBs and even furthermore medium-sized as totally as little bit of providers welcome fact showed a progression in planet large web site web site internet site visitor web site visitor traffic together with the supplement off social media sites internet sites web internet sites. If their individuals yearn for incorrect people on social networks internet sites internet sites, that is really undoubtedly in straightforward truth presently an indicator that these pros in remodeling desire to attach throughout alongside to business.
Great deals off surveys cherished reality been in fact certainly executed on the selection off individuals that utilize social networking sites internet site units world wide web site in add-on to the method these professionals may learn marketing and advertising as well as marketing and advertising techniques. If you possess those quantities straight into factor to assume worrying alone, you are in fact actually overlooking out on a package going over potential leadings in addition to web site visitor web site world wide web site visitor website traffic in addition to neglecting out on social media sites web websites.
A good deal off research studies possess genuinely in genuine reality been really very most undoubtedly obtained on the assortment happening starting point alongside people that make usage happening start together with social networks website as correctly as furthermore the method these pros probably influence advertising and marketing as properly as additionally marketing and advertising as well as marketing and advertising as successfully as marketing and advertising methods. The impact that social networking sites gives on institution points out apart, delivering led out that this is really essentially in direct truth been in fact definitely in simple truth constantly kept in suggestions that mainly 80 % off SMBs or maybe furthermore medium-sized as widely as little bit of providers have actually driven out an advancement in globe substantial web site web site visitor internet visitor traffic in addition to the supplement off social networking sites internet website. If their individuals organize erroneous folks on social networks internet sites, that is in fact certainly in easy fact presently an indication that these pros in renovation prefer to link throughout in addition to associations.
Substantial volumes from sets of questions cherished honest truth been in fact genuinely definitely executed on the array off people that have perk from social systems internet websites physical bodies web site besides the approach these specialists can perhaps locate out marketing and also advertising and marketing approaches. If you possess those quantities straight right into factor to work along with alone, you dwell in reality neglecting out on a program happening off potential leadings in enhancement to internet site web site visitor site world wide web site visitor traffic together with spending no focus to out on social media websites world wide web websites
A ton from surveys possess absolutely in honest truth been really absolutely highlighted on the selection developing start along with people that generate usage happening starting point along with social media websites internet websites as successfully as additionally the strategy these pros very most very likely affect advertising in enhancement to likewise advertising as well as advertising and marketing as well as likewise marketing as well as advertising and marketing methods. The impact that social media websites offers on business isolates, using led out that this stays in fact in naked fact been in fact undoubtedly in easy fact consistently sustained in suggestions that mainly 80 % off SMBs or also similarly medium-sized as entirely as little bit of vendors welcome truth showed a progression in the planet substantial internet site web site web site visitor internet site web traffic together with the supplement off social media web sites globe large internet sites. The result that social media offers on association points out apart, giving assisted out that this is really in truth in direct fact been in fact absolutely in straightforward truth consistently protected in referrals that mainly 80 % off SMBs or also medium-sized as substantially as little bit of business have in fact guided out an advancement in planet significant internet web site net website attendee internet visitor traffic along with the supplement off social media internet sites.Miamiville driving directions and distance
Miamiville : Route planner and distance
Location of Miamiville
Miamiville is located in the middle west
of the united states in the county of Clermont, and the state of Ohio. Miamiville lies near cities of
Montgomery, Milford, Mulberry, The Village of Indian Hill, Remington, and Camp Dennison. Miamiville is geographically situated on 39.2125592 latitude and -84.2993823 longitude.
Miamiville's road and location map
Miamiville area and zip codes
About Miamiville
- Country: USA
- County: Clermont
- State: Ohio
- Time zone: America/New_York
- Current time zone offset: UTC/GMT -5 hours
- Latitude: 39.2125592
- Longitude: -84.2993823Did you know that mold growth in your Saginaw, MI home or business poses a serious risk to your property and health? This is exactly why it’s vital that you have a team of mold removal experts like ours in Saginaw, MI to remove it in the timeliest manner without you having to spend a fortune. Please take a look at our price estimator tool below or give our Saginaw, MI professionals a call at 866-361-3942 to discover how much we can save you on a mold removal service.
We Offer:
– Efficient Mold Removal Services in Saginaw, MI
– Trained and Experienced Mold Removal Specialists in Saginaw, MI
– State-of-the-Art Mold Removal Equipment in Saginaw, MI
– Free Estimates in Saginaw, MI
Average Mold Removal Cost in Saginaw, MI
Average Cost in Saginaw: $456.69
Range
$399.49 – $513.89
Lowest Price Paid
$226.98
Highest Price Paid
$907.94
Estimated Average Mold Removal Cost in Saginaw, MI
Price is based on an average of what customers can spend on mold removal in Saginaw, MI. Prices will vary based on the time of the service and the amount of mold removed in Saginaw, MI.
Our Average Mold Removal Prices in Saginaw, MI
Average Cost in Saginaw: $392.75
Range
$343.56 – $441.95
Lowest Price Paid
$195.2
Highest Price Paid
$780.83
Our Estimated Mold Removal Cost in Saginaw, MI
Cost is based on what Saginaw, MI home and business owners can expect to spend on mold removal services with us. Prices in Saginaw, MI will vary based on the amount of mold removed and how prompt the removal needs to be.
At Give Me Back, we specialize in helping you obtain the best service for the lowest rate due to our extensive network of mold removal companies in Saginaw, MI. Prices in Saginaw, MI will vary based on the type and the amount of mold needed to be removed.
To see how much you can save on mold removal in Saginaw, MI call 866-361-3942 today!
Local Mold Removal Business Listings near Saginaw, MI
Climate Isolation
318 North 25th Street
Saginaw, MI 48601
Flood Professionals
9172 West Lake City Road
Houghton Lake, MI 48629
Flood Professionals
108 Oakdale Drive
Prudenville, MI 48651
Rainbow International
PO Box 145
Saint Charles, MI 48655
Elliot Environmental
4462 Ace Commercial Court
Bay City, MI 48706
Ab Edwards Restoration Llc
788 North Bay Port Road
Bay Port, MI 48720
Servpro
3465 Mertz Road
Caro, MI 48723
Ayers Basement Technologies
3193 Lansing Road
Charlotte, MI 48813
Servicemaster Clean
1840 Gray Road
Howell, MI 48843
T C I Restoration Services Llc
5904 Sterling Drive
Howell, MI 48843Chromebook Showcase: Great Savings on Top Brand Chromebooks!
Fortinet 1-Year Enterprise Bundle (FortiCare 8x5 + NGFW AV, Web Filtering, Antispam, Botnet IP Domain)
Add to Cart
Messages: No
- This product is subject to our return policy. Please see our complete complete return policy for details.
- 81111812
- N/A
- N/AI spent the most wonderful day today at the Tower of London area.
I even witnessed the bridge in action when it was lifted. So cool!
Crown jewel were very beautiful, but very vain. What did the monarchs think when they asked for a gold salt spoon and a 14 liter punch ball that took 10 year to design and mold???
instead of enriching their followers life, they took away taxes for their palaces and such. What a shame!!!
I even paid 21 GBP to enter to see these wonders. What was I thinking?
I should no be so hard on them anyway, the democrats of today are no better in their extravaganza and their constant elicit white-collar crimes. I wonder where they learnt it from, ha?
Enough about what I didn’t like. Let’s talk about the appreciation I have for the Britain preservation of their history with the fort in the middle of London, or as it was called Londoneom.
I enjoy the Wall Walk and the torture exhibition.
I liked the tour guides they offered and the fact that Queen’s guard actually live in the fort and it not just a museum.
All in all, a day well spent!As an important origin of Chinese nation, Shanxi has a very long history of itself. Over thousands of years of development, Shanxi has cemented rich and valuable relics and artefacts on its bedrock, which can be classified into tangible and tangible cultural heritage, whereof the tangible cultural heritage can be further classified into immobile and mobile artefacts, historic or cultural sites (cities, communities or towns), and ancient villages. These relics and artefacts are highly treasured by today’s Shanxi people, and celebrated as the pride of Chinese nation and gemstones of Chinese civilization.
Between 2007 and 2011, China carried out the third National Relics and Artefacts Survey which lasted for 5 years. This is the most extensive survey for immobile relics and artefacts ever carried out since the establishment of the People’s Republic of China. The survey resulted in an exact inventory of nationwide immobile relics and artefacts, registering almost 770,000 immobile assets. Shanxi registered more than 53,000 immobile assets in total, and has installed 6,780 artefact conservation units across all administrative levels. In terms of total artefacts registered, Shanxi ranks number four nationwide, after Zhejiang, Henan and Sichuan.
With its copious immobile artefacts reserve, Shanxi has for years secured China’s first position in terms of the number of national-level key artefacts conservation units, in particular, its Palaeolithic sites, ancient buildings and ancient theatre stages outnumbered all its domestic peers. Its ancient residences, Great Wall strongholds, Communist Revolutionary relics are also very unique. More than 460 Palaeolithic sites have been found (including Xihoudu Relic in Ruicheng County, so far the earliest one), the largest collection in China; moreover, these sites make a complete series across all ages, a unique phenomenon in the country, making prominent contribution to China’s archaeological chronology. Extant ancient buildings of all types top 28,000, also the most among all provinces. Ancient buildings date back to as early as Weijin, and all the way through to ROC period, making a unique set of specimens for Chinese ancient architecture history, in particular, wooden structures before Song, Liao and Jin dynasties account for more than 75% of their kinds in all of China for the respective period. Of which, the earliest extant building from Tang dynasty is the main hall of Nanchan Temple and the east hall of Foguang Temple on Mount Wutaishan, and the Wooden Pagoda in Ying County is the earliest and tallest wooden tower structure. 2,888 ancient theatre stages last to today, the largest number in China, of which 1 from Jin dynasty (Erlang Temple Theatre Stage in Wangbao Village, Gaoping City) and 8 from Yuan dynasty (including the largest one in China, Qiaoze Temple in Wuchi Village of Nanliang Town, Yicheng County), are the only of their kinds in the country. These theatre stages, alongside theatrical artefacts such as murals, pottery figurines and brick sculptures, make important empirical evidences in the study of Chinese traditional operas, ancient society, economy, culture and art. 11,134 ancient residences last to today, of which, House-of-Ji Residence from Yuan dynasty in Zhongzhuang Village of Gaoping City is the oldest extant ancient residence in China; typical Shanxi Merchant Courtyard Complexes, including the one in Ding Village of Xiangfen County, and those owned by the House of Wang in Lingshi County, the House of Qiao in Qi County, the House of Cao in Taigu County, and Yan Xishan in Dingxiang County, epitomize the layout patterns, decorative signatures and cultural features of Northern China residence in Ming, Qing dynasties and ROC period. Great Wall strongholds make an unbroken chain of defence within the border of Shanxi, covering the greatest time span for extant Great Wall structures in China. Extant Great Wall is dated between Warring Period and Qing dynasty and over 2,500 kilometres long, covering 9 eras including Warring Period, Han Dynasty, East Wei regime period, North Qi regime period, Sui dynasty, Song dynasty, Yuan dynasty, Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty. The sections from East Wei, North Qi, Sui and Song in particular, are the only extant ones from their respective periods in China. Once an important base for revolutionary activities, Shanxi has been left with many monumental relics of Communist Revolution, with 3,490 sites registered over the survey. Of which, more than 10 sites have been included for national-level key artefacts conservation programme, and of particular historical and cultural value are 5 national-level monuments and relics in commemoration of the Chinese patriotic war enterprise against invading Japanese recently listed as the first of their kind.
Up to 2014, the huge number of immobile artefacts in China have been covered by a total of 4,295 national-level key artefacts conversation units. Shanxi, Henan, Hebei, Shaanxi and Sichuan ranked top 5 among all provinces/municipalities/SARs in China. Shanxi has 452 national-level key artefacts conservation units, accounting for 10.5% of national total, and ranks number one by considerable margin.
Among numerous immobile artefacts in Shanxi, 3 important cultural heritage clusters have been included in World Cultural Heritage List, including Pingyao Ancient City (1997), Yungang Grottoes (2001) and Mount Wutaishan (2009). Now celebrating its 2,700 years of history, Pingyao Ancient City still keeps the quintessential characteristics of typical prefecture township during Ming and Qing dynasties, and is the most well-preserved ancient town in all Han ethnic regions of China, carrying forward profound historical marks from the development of culture, society, economy and religion in ancient China. Yungang Grottoes were built between 5 AD to 6 AD. There are 252 shrines and more than 51,000 statues, which embraced the best of Indian tantra art and Persian art into Chinese traditional characteristics, making a hallmark of what have been achieved with Buddhism grottoes art by ancient Chinese at that time. Tan Yao Five Grottoes in particular, with its meticulous and harmonious layout and design, became a classic piece of art for the first culmination period of China Buddhism art Mount Wutaishan is among China’s four most famous mountainous Buddhism havens (together with Mount Emeishan in Sichuan, Mount Jiuhuashan in Anhui and Mount Putuoshan in Zhejiang), and the most acclaimed of all. The mountain harbours Buddhism structures and unique sanctuary estates that can be traced backed to different periods between 4 AD and 19 AD (North Wei regime, Tang, Song, Yuan, Ming and Qing dynasties), showcasing the outstanding achievements and quintessential characteristics in architecture, painted sculptures and murals from all those eras, presenting a long-standing Buddhism tradition and ever-lasting pursuit of harmony between human and nature. Of which, Nachan Temple is the oldest extant wood structure in the world, and acclaimed as a gemstone of Chinese culture; Foguang Temple is celebrated as a holy grail of Eastern ancient architecture and a beacon of Buddhism in Asia.
Historic and cultural sites (cities, communities and towns) and traditional villages (ancient villages) are also important tangible cultural heritages. Historic and cultural cities are those holding huge number of artefacts and bearing significant implications to history, culture and revolutionary enterprise. Historic and cultural towns and villages are those holding huge number of artefacts and bearing significant implications to history or memorial purposes, and to great extent reflecting traditional features and local ethnic characteristics in a certain historical period. Traditional villages are those inhabited long time ago, and of archaeological value in such aspects as history, science, art, sociology and economics. By 2014, in Shanxi there are 12 famous historical and cultural cities at province level, among which six cities (or counties) like Taiyuan City, Datong City, Pingyao County, Xinjiang county, Dai County and Qi County are famous historical and cultural cities at national level and six counties (cities) like Hunyuan County, Taigu County, Xiaoyi City, Jiexiu City, Zuoyun County and Fenyang City are famous historical and cultural cities at province level. Moreover, in Shanxi there are 101 famous historical and cultural towns and villages above province level and 286 traditional villages above province level, among which there are eight famous historical and cultural towns at national level like Jingsheng Town of Lingshi County, Qikou Town of Linxian County, Fencheng town of Xiangfen County,Niangziguan Town of Pingding County, Dayang Town of Zezhou County, Xinpingbao Town of Tianzhen County and Runcheng Town of Yangcheng County and 32 famous historical and cultural villages at national level like Xiwan Village of Qikou Town of Lin County, Huangcheng Village of Beiliu Town of Yangcheng County, Zhangbi Village of Longfeng Town of Jiexiu City and Xiwenxing Village of Tuwo Countryside of Qinshui County, and 129 traditional villages at national level like Diantou Village at Jinyuan Street, Jinyuan District, Taiyuan City, Xinpingbao Village of Xinpingbao Town, Tianzhen County, Datong City and Taosi Village of Taosi Countryside, Xiangfen County of Linfen City. Shanxi (404) ranks No. 3 in the total number of famous historical and cultural towns and villages at national level, lagging behind Zhejiang (48) and Fujian (42); and it ranks No.4 in the total number of traditional villages at national level, lagging behind Yunnan (502), Guizhou (426) and Zhejiang (176).
Intangible cultural heritages constitute an important part of the historical and cultural relics of Shanxi. Intangible cultural heritages refer to a variety of traditional cultural expression forms which exist in intangible form, are closely related to people’s life and passed on from generation to generation, including oral traditions, traditional performance arts, folklore activities, rituals and festivals, traditional knowledge and practices relating to the nature and the universe, and traditional handicraft skills, and the traditional cultural space relating to the aforesaid traditional cultural expression forms. By 2014, Shanxi has 509 items on the protection list of intangible cultural heritages above province level, among which there are 157 items (the first batch of 32 items in 2006, the second batch of 64 items in 2008, the third batch of 40 items in 2011 and the fourth batch of 21 items in 2014) on the protection list of intangible cultural heritages at national level, including folklore, traditional music, traditional dance, traditional drama, Quyi, traditional sports, entertainment and acrobatics，traditional art, traditional handcraft, traditional medicine and folk custom. Shanxi leads the nation with its proportion of 12.8% in the 1,219 items on the protection list of intangible cultural heritages at national level. Among the intangible cultural heritages at national level of Shanxi, there are 10 items like Legend of Dongyong,Generals of the Yang Family (folk epic) and legend of Orphan of the Zhao Family in respect of folklore, 16 items like flowering tune of Zuoquan, Wutaishan Buddhist music and portliness drum in southern Shanxi in respect of traditional music, nine items like lion dance of Xiangfen, animal stilt of Jishan and Fengyang song of Yuanping in respect of traditional dance, 32 items like Shanxi Drama, wooden clappers of Puzhou and shadow play in respect of traditional drama, nine items like Lu’an drum, Yangquan comment and three-string vocal art of Qinzhou in respect of Quyi, six items like sheep-winning wrestling contest of Xinzhou and form and will boxing of central Shanxi in respect of traditional sports, entertainment and acrobatics，17 items like of dyeing paper cutting of Guangling, wood engraving of Pingyang and Shanxi dough art in respect of traditional art, 27 items like pig iron metallurgy process of Yangcheng, light lacquerware craft of Pingyao and brewing craft of Fen liquor of Xinhua Village and traditional brewing craft of mature vinegar of Shanxi in respect of traditional handcraft, nine items like health care art of Fushan and traditional production process of Guiling Jijiu in respect of traditional medicine, and 22 items like folk community fire activity of Lucheng, Guan Gong culture, Cold Food Festival and ancestral roots cultural of Dahuaishu Town of Hongdong County in respect of folk custom. In 2009, the paper cutting of Guangling County of Shanxi, as the sub-item of Chinese paper cutting, was elected into “List of Famous Works of Intangible Cultural Heritages of Human Beings”. In 2011, the shadow play of tunes of small copper bowls of Xiaoyi City of Shanxi, as the sub-item of Chinese shadow play, was elected into “List of Famous Works of Intangible Cultural Heritages of Human Beings”.
Movable and non-movable cultural relics are both important historical and cultural heritages of Shanxi. As an important province of cultural relics, Shanxi has a variety of movable cultural relics, which are preserved by agencies and departments like cultural relics hall, museum, library and archive. The various ancient chronicles, and books and records, which were passed on from previous generations, are important historical and cultural carriers of Shanxi. Among them, Shanxi General History prepared in the Jiajing Period of the Ming Dynasty was the oldest existing ancient chronicle at province level of Shanxi; The First Series of Shanyou prepared in the period of Republic of China is a large serials of ancient books and records collecting the academic accomplishments of scholars of Shanxi from the Tang Dynasty to the Qing Dynasty. In 2013, Shanxi launched the first general survey of movable cultural relics in China. The results gained in 2014 indicated that state-owned agencies in Shanxi preserved more than 300,000 pieces (sets) of cultural relics, among which many important cultural relics were found for the first time. For example, Yongle Nanzang, a very important Buddhist Tripitaka and containing 800-900 volumes, was found in Qinglong Temple, Jishan County of Yuncheng City. Its contents are more than one time of those of Tripitaka of the Song Dynasty and Yuan Dynasty. Only 10 copies were preserved in China, lagging behind only Tripitaka of the Song Dynasty and Yuan Dynasty in respect of rarity.
The abundant and profound historical and cultural heritages are important resources that guarantee the development of cultural tourism industry of Shanxi. Through the digging and development lasting for many years, many important cultural heritages have become world famous cultural tourist destinations, such as ancient city of Pingyao County, Wutaishan, Yungang Grottoes of Datong City, Mianshan of Jiexiu City, Shanxi merchants’ courtyard of central Shanxi, Royal Prime Minister's Palace, ancient town of Qikou of Linxian County and Niangziguan Town of Pingding County. Moreover, many historical and cultural resources still need to be further developed regarding its value and attraction.Senior Manager at UQ Careers Service Daniel Capper gives six recommendations on how to present yourself for success..
Read full story on UQ AlumniLibel & Slander
In the Internet age, consumers often perform a Google search before purchasing a new product, dining at a new restaurant or even when looking for a medical professional. This behavior exists in the business world as well. Creditors and investors often perform internet due diligence on companies and executives before entering into transactions. Google search results essentially function as a business card for entrepreneurs, privately held companies, executives and financial services professionals.
Often, defamatory comments appear higher in Google search results than positive reviews, press releases and even the company's website. Consumers pay close attention to negative reviews and often avoid scrolling to the bottom of Google's search results for more complete information on a company or product. All too often, Internet defamation can cripple a company's reputation.
At the law firm of Syverson, Lesowitz & Gebelin, LLP, Erik Syverson specializes in online reputation management for professionals, business leaders and small to mid-market companies. Mr. Syverson and our legal team handle dozens of Internet libel cases each year and understand how to counter defamatory internet content. If your business opportunities have been limited from libel or slander, contact our law firm to discuss your options.Fighting Back Against Internet Libel and Defamation
Attorney Syverson is one of only a few trial attorneys who focus on protecting business clients victimized by online business defamation, including:
Attorney Syverson is one of only a few trial attorneys who focus on protecting business clients victimized from online business defamation, including:
- Libel — A false statement of fact in writing that causes monetary harm to an individual or business.
- Libel per se — A libel that does not require any explanation, it is libelous on its face. Libel per se does not require proof of actual monetary damages, it allows for the recovery of general damages. This is critical because the most challenging aspect of many business libel cases is proving up actual monetary harm such as lost sales.
- Slander — Slander is the same as libel except that it is an oral statement.
According to Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, interactive computer service providers are generally not responsible for the defamatory comments posted by their Internet users. The relevant cases in this area have established that user generated content websites like Facebook and Youtube qualify as interactive computer service providers. We have a clear understanding of the Communications Decency Act and employ the proper legal strategies in order to prosecute our clients’ libel and slander claims.
Unfortunately, many people posting defamatory digital content believe that internet speech is unrestrained. The First Amendment never has and never will protect defamatory speech. Furthermore, defamatory internet speech is not protected by the First Amendment’s right to anonymity. In cases of anonymous internet defamation, we act quickly to uncover the anonymous poster's identity through subpoenas and John Doe actions. We have a wealth of experience uncovering anonymous internet defendants. Internet protocol data is often the key to unmasking Doe defendants. Most internet service providers do not store this data longer than six months. Therefore, it is crucial to act quickly by retaining experienced legal counsel. Otherwise, key evidentiary facts may be lost through regular internet service provider data dumps.Contact Our California Internet Defamation Lawyers
For more information about slander and libel litigation, contact our office to meet with an experienced California Internet defamation attorney. Through litigation and pre-litigation negotiation, we have successfully removed hundreds of defamatory internet posts for our corporate and individual clients. We have also recovered millions of dollars in damages and confidential settlements.From the November 23, 2016, MidWeek "Looking Back."
1916, 100 Years Ago.
"Two prominent Elva women cast their first votes and both are at an advanced age. One was Mrs. Susan Ward, aunt of Judge Harry McEwen who came to Elva in a taxi to take her to the polls.
"Mr. and Mrs. J.O. Agnew took Mrs. Helen Rollins who is seventy-five years of age to the polls.
"Both women are well and greatly interested in present day affairs.
Finally, the Right to Vote. --Cooter
About That Balky Mule in DeKalb in 1917
5 days agoREPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES
CHAPTER 1
INTRODUCTION AND BACKGROUND
The last few years have witnessed initiative by private entrepreneurs to undertake plantation activities on a commercial scale. The effort per se is commendable as it supplements the Governments efforts to prevent erosion of forest base and also channelises private investments towards agro plantation activities. However, it was noticed that the promoters themselves invested a minimal amount in such ventures and sourced a majority of the funds from ordinary investors. The high returns promised by these schemes coupled with questionable claims of fiscal incentives and effective rural marketing helped many of these companies to mobilise large amounts over a period of time. The initial success in mobilising funds by some of these companies lead to a mushrooming of such schemes throughout the country.
The Government, after detailed consultations with the regulatory bodies, decided that an appropriate regulatory framework for regulating entities which issue instruments like Agro Bonds, Plantation Bonds etc. has to be put in place. A press release was issued by the Government on November 18, 1997, conveying that such schemes should be treated as Collective Investment Schemes coming under the SEBI Act, 1992. In order to regulate such collective investment schemes, both from the point of view of investor protection as well as promotion of legitimate investment activity, SEBI was asked to formulate the draft regulations for them. These draft regulations were to be made available for public discussion. The investors who have invested in these schemes as well as entities running such schemes will be requested to give their comments on pertinent matters to SEBI for enabling it to formulate appropriate regulations for the collective investment schemes. The press release further states that once these regulations come into force, it is expected that they will promote legitimate investment activity in plantation and other agriculture based business, while at the same time giving investors an adequate degree of protection for their investments.
In order to examine and finalize the draft regulations for Collective Investment schemes, SEBI appointed this committee under the Chairmanship of Dr. S. A. Dave. The committee contains representation from the Government Ministries, Regulatory Bodies, Consumer forum, Professional Bodies and Plantation Industry.
The committee held its first meeting on January 28, 1998 and began its task by reviewing the information submitted by the existing schemes to gather an insight into the structuring of the offerings by some of the larger Collective Investment Schemes. The data submitted by the existing schemes and its analysis provided by SEBI helped the committee in analysing the aspects relating to scheme features, disclosures, background of promoters etc. The members also conducted site visits of some of the plantations.
As per the data available, it was noticed that large sums of monies had been collected by entities which did not necessarily have sufficient experience in agro based activities. The schemes were typically open ended and the disclosures made to the investors were not adequate to enable informed decisions. There were high risks associated with these ventures due to the long gestation period involved coupled with crop risks. The committee members felt that some interim measures of investors protection must be notified pending finalisation of regulations.
Accordingly, the committee made a recommendation for mandatory credit rating for existing schemes desiring to mobilise further funds. This provision was expected to provide a degree of risk assessment associated with the future cash flows by independent and accredited agencies.
INVESTMENT FEATURES
The plantation schemes were able to attract a considerable degree of investor interest over the last few years. It may be pertinent to examine the features in these schemes which made these investments attractive from the point of view of investors.
High Returns Assured
Invariably, all the schemes have assured or indicated high yields (in the region of 18% to 30%) per annum on the investments. These yields have been worked out on the basis of projected growth and estimate price of the plantations. These estimates vary from company to company and scheme to scheme. The projected yield estimates have been disputed by forestry experts. An independent study into the Economics of Growth of Teak Plantations conducted by the Ministry of Forestry (Gangopadhyaya Committee) concluded that the yields promised by many of these schemes were optimistic and not achievable. The Industry representatives, however, feel that the study had relied more on the experience and data available with various Forest Departments and that Privately managed commercial plantations provide for scientific and technology inputs which facilitate higher growth and quality superior to rained forestry situation. In the opinion of the Industry representatives, the yields projected by the Gangopadhya Committee are conservative. The committee is not in a position to comment on these studies as they involve technical simulations by Forestry experts, and are not yet proven.
Quite often the schemes come up with Novel Products for which there is no ready market to compare the forecasts. The promise of returns higher than any conventional debt instrument was a major attraction for the investors investing in these schemes.
Distribution Channels
The schemes were aggressively marketed in the rural and semi urban areas directly and through a network of Agents who were offered attractive commissions to sell these products. The commissions offered were at times as high as 10 to 15% of the amount mobilised.
Advertising and Marketing
The companies used focused media campaigns to advertise their schemes. Colorful brochures, newspaper insertions and Television Campaigns were used by some of them to attract investments. By and Large, these advertisements did not indicate the risk factors associated with these schemes.
Tax Implications
The Income tax act exempts income from agriculture activities from taxable income of the assesses. The scheme operators have interpreted the provisions of the Income Tax Act to be applicable to the incomes received by the investors in these plantation schemes. It was observed that the scheme operators were not deducting any tax at source from the returns paid to the investors regardless of the fact whether these returns accrued from genuine investment activity in agriculture or whether these were infact being paid from other sources including fresh collections.
Promises of tax free returns were a major attraction for investors investing in plantation schemes. These tax free returns were conspicuously advertised by the scheme operators.
Land Ownership
Many schemes have been structured in a way which offers ownership of a piece of land or property to the investors. In a way, this feature was used to create a sense of security which arises from owning a real asset. A comfort level was sought to be created in the minds of the investors notwithstanding the fact that most of the times the piece of land allocated to each investor was not distinctly identifiable.
CHAPTER 2 - RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE COMMITTEE
I. DEFINITION OF COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES
As per the mandate given by the Government of India, the entities which issue agro bonds, plantation bonds etc. were to be treated as "Collective Investment Schemes" coming under the purview of the SEBI Act.
The committee has defined a Collective Investment Schemes by identifying 3 important characteristics, namely Pooling of Investments, Management by a separate entity and Absence of day to day control of the investors. While finalising the definition, the committee recognizes that it may be possible that some arrangements of this nature like time shares, club memberships etc. would also get covered in the definition. It is suggested that SEBI may be given appropriate powers to grant exemptions to any class of arrangements which are not desired to be regulated as Collective Investment Schemes. It has been also observed that many of the existing collective investment schemes resort to entering into multiple agreements with the investors whereby the investor is given the ownership of land and the company is given the right to develop this land. The amounts collected are treated as license fee by the company thereby trying to limit the liability of the scheme. The committee wishes to make it clear that the substance of such arrangements should be relied upon to determine whether the scheme is a collective investment scheme or not. The principle of no day to day control of the investor in management of the property should be the prime criterion in determining the status of such schemes.
II. COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES-STRUCTURE AND CONSTITUTION
The committee reviewed the information filed with SEBI by the existing collective investment schemes. It was noted that most of the schemes are being operated by companies registered under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956. Some of the schemes were also launched by non corporate entities like Association of Persons. Though all of the existing schemes have been managing investors funds, there is no distinction between the management and trustee function. In most of the cases there is an intermingling of the schemes accounts with those of the company’s accounts. Consequently, it has become difficult to ensure adequate investor protection measures in this structure of operations. Due to the inherent nature of collective investment schemes, where assets are managed for and on behalf of the investors, these schemes must declare a trust in favour of the members over the scheme properties.
The committee feels that a sound structuring of these schemes is of prime importance toward investor protection. To review the existing practices in other regulatory regimes, a team of SEBI officials was sent on a study tour to Australia and New Zealand. Australia has recently amended its regulations under the Management Investment Act, 1998. Prior to notification of this act, the managed investment schemes were operating in a trust structure whereby a trustee company was required to monitor the interest of the investors. During the late 1980’s and the early 90’s, there were instances of scheme failures in Australia. There was a significant difference in the perceived responsibility of the trustees viz a viz the actual responsibility assumed by these institutions. The trustees refused to be responsible for the poor investment decisions of the managers to the schemes and contended that investment function is the prerogative of the scheme managers and the trustees could not be held responsible for scheme failures on account of these decisions. A review commission was set up to examine these issues and it was decided to combine the role of the trustee and the manager in a Single Responsible Entity. The activities of this entity are monitored by a compliance committee which consists of at least 50% external representatives. New Zealand, on the other hand, has been following the trustee structure in its regulations.
As the new laws in Australia were made applicable from July 1, 1998, the experience with the single entity concept is insufficient and it is difficult at this juncture to conceive a similar structure for the Indian conditions. Moreover, the Australian regulator, unlike the Indian Regulator, monitors and implements the company law which gives it far reaching powers in regulating the single responsible entity. A significant point to note is that the concept of the trust has not been done away with and only the functions of trust and management have been realigned in a Single Responsible Entity. The committee feels that it would be imperative to specify a trust structure under which these schemes would have to operate. Apart from the aforementioned reasons in favour of this structure, the trustee structure has been in operation for the Mutual Funds in India and SEBI has sufficient experience in handling the complexities involved in such a structure.
The committee recommends that a collective investment scheme shall be constituted in the form of a trust and the instrument of the trust shall be in the form of a deed duly approved by SEBI and registered under the provisions of the Indian Registration Act, 1908 and executed by the Collective Investment Management Company (CIMA) in favour of the trustees named in such an instrument.
III. COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT COMPANIES- REGISTRATION, CONSTITUTION AND OBLIGATIONS.
As the Collective Investment schemes, in general, accept monies from ordinary investors, the committee feels that these investments would be better protected if they are managed by persons who have the capability to ensure that the desired activities are carried out efficiently, honestly and fairly. Keeping in mind this underlying principle, the committee recommends that any entity seeking registration with SEBI, to operate collective investment schemes, must possess adequate organisational capacity to meet the current and future operational demands in addition to necessary skill and experience required to operate such schemes.
The following conditions must be satisfied before an entity is licensed to carry out the activities of a collective investment management company:
(A) Adequate Management structure
The Board of Directors of the CIMA should possess adequate professional experience in related fields. They should have high integrity and must not have been found guilty of moral turpitude or convicted of any economic offense or violation of any security laws. The composition of the Board should be such that at least 50% of the directors must be independent persons, who are either directly or indirectly not associated with the persons who are in control of the collective investment management company. At least one of the directors would be representative of the trustee. The management team of the CIMA must also comprise of responsible officers who have not been found guilty of moral turpitude or convicted of any economic offense or violation of any securities laws.
(B) Financial Requirements
The committee recommends that the CIMA must have a minimum net worth of not less than Rs. 10 Crores. This is to ensure that the Collective Investment Management company has sufficient financial resources to ensure ongoing scheme related cash requirements. The minimum net worth requirement has also been specified in the mutual funds regulations and it acts as a filter and allows only the serious and committed players to enter the markets.
CONDITIONS UPON WHICH THE REGISTRATION WOULD BE GRANTED
Upon satisfying the basic requirements, the CIMA would be granted a licence/registration to operate collective investment schemes. The registration would be subject to the following conditions:
RESTRICTION ON BUSINESS ACTIVITIES
As per the information available with SEBI on the existing collective investment schemes, many instances of diversion of funds to unrelated activities by persons operating collective investment schemes have been noticed. To prevent such undesirable practices, the committee feels it would be prudent to restrict the activities of CIMA. The registered CIMA would be permitted to undertake only the business of managing collective investment schemes. CIMA would also not be permitted to invest in any of the schemes floated by it unless a disclosure of its intention to do so has been made up front in the offer document.
OBLIGATIONS OF CIMA
As has been mentioned earlier, CIMA would be responsible for managing the investors funds. The CIMA should ensure:
IV. APPOINTEMENT AS TRUSTEES
To ensure that the interest of the investors are looked after by trustees of high repute and track record, the committee has laid down eligibility criterion for appointment of trustees for collective investment schemes. The following persons, registered with SEBI under the SEBI (Debenture Trustee) Regulations, shall be eligible to be appointed as trustees:-
It would have to be ensured that no person shall become eligible to be appointed as trustee of a collective investment scheme if he is directly or indirectly associated with the persons who have control over the collective investment management company.
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE TRUSTEE
The Trustees have been vested with a great deal of fiduciary responsibility in ensuring that the managers of the schemes exercise due diligence while managing the investors funds in the interest of investors. The committee has specified the rights and obligations of the trustees which inter alia would include the following:
V. SCHEMES AND DISCLOSURES
The committee has recommended the procedure for launching of collective investment schemes and the disclosures which are required to be made in the offer documents. The registered CIMA would be eligible to launch a scheme subject to the following requirements:
The offer document for the schemes must contain complete and adequate disclosures and more specifically shall confirm with schedule six of the regulations. The offer document must also specify the minimum and maximum subscription amount which is sought to be raised. The regulations have also specified the procedure with regard to allotment and refunds of moneys to the investors, listing on stock exchanges, utilisation of funds, winding up of schemes etc.
IX. ACCOUNTING AND VALUATION NORMS
The Committee had suggested SEBI to undertake inspection of the existing companies who had collected funds for Collective Investment Schemes. It was noticed that the accounting practices followed by many of these companies did not disclose the financial statements in a proper manner.
The Committee, therefore, decided to lay down the accounting/ valuation norms for such Collective Investment Schemes including the disclosure requirements for such schemes. The Committee has broadly suggested the following:-
VII OTHER MATTERS
The committee has specified certain general obligations which are required to be followed by every Collective Investment Management Company.
Every CIS shall have its annual statement of accounts audited by an auditor chosen from the list of auditors approved by SEBI. It should be ensured that the auditor of the scheme is not in any way associated with the auditor of the CIMA. The auditor shall be appointed by the trustee and shall forward its report to the trustees and such report shall form part of the Annual Report of the collective investment scheme. The auditors report (or an abridged summary thereof) shall be published through an advertisement.
The committee has recommended powers for SEBI to appoint one or more persons as inspecting officers to undertake the inspection of the books of accounts, records, documents and infrastructure, systems and procedures or to investigate the affairs of the trustee and collective investment management company of a collective investment scheme. This inspection can be undertaken by SEBI to ascertain necessary compliances by the CIMA and to investigate complaints received from the investors or any other persons on any matter having a bearing on the activities of the trustee and CIMA.
In the event of contravention of any of the provisions of these regulations, failure to submit any information or submission of wrong
information relating to its activities or for any other matters specified in the regulations, SEBI may suspend a certificate granted to any CIMA. Further the board would be empowered to cancel the certificate of registration granted to a CIMA if it is found guilty of fraud or has been convicted of an economic offense, has been guilty of repeated defaults or if its financial position deteriorates to an extent that the Board is of the opinion that its continuance is not in the interest of the unit holders.
RECOMMENDATIONS FOR PROMOTING AGRO BASED COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES
As per the mandate given by the Government, the objective of the regulations would be to protect the interest of the investors and to ensure that legitimate investment activity in plantation and other agriculture based business is promoted.
It is expected that the regulations which have been recommended by the committee would go a long way in addressing the issues of investor protection and at the same time a framework has been created to promote genuine agro based investments to take place on commercial and industry scale. The committee feels that certain legislative and fiscal changes may be considered by the government to further encourage investments in these areas. The recommendations of the committee in this regard are:
The Collective Investment Schemes mainly involve plantation activities which are carried out on large areas of agriculture land. As per the various state laws of land holdings, there are restrictions on the aggregate holdings which a person can have. Consequently, many of the schemes resort to practices which, while they satisfy the letter of the law, do not provide adequate and clear security to investors. In order to channelise resources towards agro plantation activities as a matter of priority, the government may like to consider exempting these activities from the purview of land ceiling acts. This would also ensure that the properties created out of these schemes are identifiable and a trust can be created in the favour of the investors. Alternatively, Government may like to declare all plantation schemes registered with SEBI as industry so that land related issues can be sorted at for better investor protection.
There has been a great deal of debate on the matters relating to treatment of Incomes earned by the investors investing in collective investment schemes and conflicting opinions have been expressed on the taxability of such income. Many of the schemes have claimed that the income would be exempt from tax under Section 10(1) of the Income tax act since it is income earned from agriculture sources. However, the individuals investing in these schemes may not be genuine agriculturists, and therefore, it would be better if appropriate clarifications in this regard are issued by the government especially since tax exemption is an important feature guiding investment decisions of the investors in these schemes.
The committee has also observed that the Governments in Australia and New Zealand offer tax exemptions to encourage these schemes. A proportion of the amount invested by the investors in these countries is eligible for deduction from their taxable incomes.
It is recommended that in order to encourage investments in these areas, particularly, long duration plantation schemes, government may like to consider suitable tax deductions for investors investing in these schemes on similar lines as those given to infrastructure projects.
CHAPTER 3
EXISTING COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT SCHEMES AND TRANSITORY PROVISIONS
Upon being mandated to regulate collective investment schemes, SEBI had directed all the existing entities which were operating such schemes, to file information about their schemes with SEBI. In response to these directions, 643 entities filed the information with SEBI. The amount mobilised, as declared by these entities, was approximately Rs. 2,500 Crores. An analysis of the information received reveals that the top 50 entities account for approximately 80% of the total amount raised. A substantially large number (over 50%) of these entities have mobilised less than Rs. 1 Crore from the public.
The schemes which are in existence on the date of notification of the SEBI regulations would be treated as Existing Collective Investment Schemes. These schemes would have to seek registration with SEBI within a period of six months from the date of notification of these regulations. The schemes can continue to operate their existing businesses until a certificate of registration is granted to it or rejection of application is communicated.
As per information filed with SEBI, a substantially large number of schemes are operating on a small level and it is possible that they would not be in a position to comply with the regulatory requirement and restructure their operations in accordance with these regulation. Moreover, they are unlikely to have reached minimum economic levels required to carry out commercial plantations. These schemes should therefore be given the option of winding up and repaying the investors, or merge with some other schemes so that they satisfy the regulations. They would be given reasonable time to restructure themselves, grow larger or wind up.
These schemes thus would be given adequate time to restructure their operations and capitalise to the required extent. The committee has recommended that a period of 3 years should be allowed for these schemes for transition to the new regulations. However, during the transitory period, issues of investor protection need to be addressed. In this regard, it is recommended that these schemes should be asked to form a compliance committee with a minimum of 60% representation of outside persons including representatives of the investors. The role of this compliance committee would be to identify and separate the scheme assets and appoint third party custodians to take charge of the assets of the scheme. The compliance committee would also be responsible to ensure implementation of adequate controls and maintenance of statutory records and books of accounts. The committee should take steps to communicate with the investors who have invested in these schemes and ensure adequate disclosures and reporting to them about the progress of the scheme. The compliance committee would also cause the accounts of the scheme to be audited and a technical appraisal to be undertaken every year.
In case the compliance committee is of the opinion that it is not possible to continue the scheme on a viable basis, it would take steps to wind up the scheme and repay the investors from the realisation of the proceeds of the assets.
CONCLUSION:
In accordance with the press release issued by the Central Government on 18th November, 1997, the committee requests SEBI to make these draft regulations available for public discussion. The investors who have invested in such schemes as well as entities running such schemes should be requested to give their comments on the regulations to SEBI. The report will be finalised in light of the comments received from public.
(S.A. DAVE)
JAYALAKSHMI JAYARAMAN MANUBHAI SHAH
A.P. KURIEN V.S.N. MURTHY
M.M. CHITALE VIVEK N PAI
I.C. JAIN ATUL CHADHA
S.B. MATHUR MOHAN KANDA
D.N. RAVAL VIJAY RANJAN
MUMBAI, DECEMBER 31, 1998When you are purchasing diesel injectors,it is very important for you to know the difference between common industry lingo regarding the condition of the injector in question. Used, Refurbished, Reconditioned, Rebuilt, Remanufactured all mean different things.Today,China Balin Power Co.,Ltd,a reputable diesel injection parts and common rail parts manufacturer,will help you to distinguish its difference.
New injectors:
It means this injector is completely new,coming directly from factory,like Bosch,Delphi,Cummins,Denso,CAT,China Balin Power Co.,Ltd or GM.
OEM injectors:
Comparing the New Injectors,the OEM injector means the used one which are completely dissembled examined by quality control then completely rebuilt from the ground up. It is equipped with new and updated components like nozzles, solenoids, plungers, valves, seals, etc.Everything is replaced expect the injector body/housing which is either plastic, steel or carbon fiber.Finally it is tested by the original manufacturer instead of any 3rd party rebuilder.
Refurbished/Used Injectors:
The refurbished or used injector are simply been removed from running engine.They are not rebuilt,but cleaned internally and externally, and then tested to ensure they meet the latest OEM specifications.After that,it is tagged as Refurbished and sold at a cheaper price.
Differently to Refurbished injectors,the remanufactured Injectors have been completely torn down, examined and tested for wear and then remanufactured using brand new components.This is where most customers get confused. Remanufactured injectors can be rebuilt with used parts or remanufactured but not to OEM spec.All reputable remanufactured injectors are remaned to OEM specifications using new or 100% reman parts. If you purchase injectors make sure you ask your injector sales rep if the reman injectors are to OEM spec and if they offer a warranty.
Publicar un comentarioHola invitado, cuidar para publicar un comentario?"The unemployment rate of young women in Iran reached its highest level in 20 years, in 2015," so declared the presidential deputy on women and family affairs, Shahindokht Molaverdi.
Molaverdi added, "The unemployment rate of youths has increased in recent years from 14.8 per cent in 1996 to 21.9 per cent in 2014. In 2011, the unemployment rate for young women and girls was the highest in Kermanshah, Khuzistan and Lorestan provinces." (The state-run Psychnews.ir – January 22, 2017)
Earlier, the state-run Mehr News Agency had reported the outcome of summer 2016 surveys on the workforce. Citing the National Statistics Center, it declared that the average unemployment rate for young women in Iran was 47.3 per cent in summer 2016.[Game] Fort Conquer
i am innocent
Fort Conquer :?
Fort Conquer user reviews :
I have loved this game from the fist time I played it. However, after I switched phones everything I had accomplished did not transfer to the new phone. Therefore, I am wondering if there is any way to fix this as I am not going to start over after two plus years of playing this game. Please fix this problem
I love this game its really fun and addictive andbi love it Ps imvlevel 300 with no purcheses so suck on that haters 5 stars 😀
Very fun and addictive game. It makes me want to buy stuff on the cash shop (you know a game is good if if makes you want to buy stuff on the cash shop!). The online multiplayer is a nice addition too, and it’s great that you can play it over a 3G connection.
Fun, fast paced, and addictive! The only down side is that the cost of everything grows massive every few levels but the rewards don’t. Takes a lot longer to save up for what you want (their way of trying to force purchases)
Contact developer :
Video :
Download Fort Conquer from Play Store
Leave your feedback regarding Fort Conquer
Get more android apps/games/updates
Subscribe to our mailing list and get new android apps / games and updates to your email inbox.
This page is intended to provide basic information on Marion County's significant aggregate resource sites. As regulations vary greatly depending on location, scope of operation, inventory listed, etc., it is best to check with the Planning Division for more specific information.
Map of Marion County Mineral and Aggregate Sites
Oregon Department of Geology and Mineral Industries (DOGAMI)
"Mining Operation Site Categories" - terms referenced in the inventory lists described below.
DOGAMI Permit and Status Codes - as referenced in the inventory lists described below.
Marion County's Mineral and Aggregate Inventory - sites listed in the Marion County Comprehensive Plan, Addendum A.
Additional Significant Mineral and Aggregate Sites - sites not on the current Marion County Comprehensive Plan Inventory; pre-existing or operating under Conditional Use Permits.
Closed Aggregate Sites - sites removed from the current Marion County Comprehensive Plan Inventory.
Closed Additional Significant Mineral and Aggregate Sites - closed sites never listed on the Marion County Comprehensive Plan Inventory.
Mineral and Aggregate Site Applications Withdrawn or Dismissed.
Aggregate is a mixture of minerals or rock fragments that resembles rock. People often refer to this as gravel.).
Licenses
Pay Property Taxes
Permits
Records
County Ordinances
Ferries
Report a Problem
County News
Newsletter SignupPreparation to the seasonApril 2nd, 2010 at 11:55
Preparing ourselves to the new season includes some changes in the lodge as well as launching our own meat processing factory
Since 2010 we will be serving only home made sausages, hams and bacons prepared and smoked in the lodge, basing on my grandfather’s recipes. We are fulfilling our policy of serving only natural and first quality food.
TROY—More than 250 rising high school juniors will descend on Troy University to attend the Alabama Leadership Seminar’s Hugh O’Brian Youth (HOBY) Leadership Conference May 28 – 30.
The event marks the sixth time in the conference’s 29.
HOBY has had more than 335,000 student ambassadors since its foundation in 1958 by actor Hugh O’Brian, most famous for his ABC Television role of Wyatt Earp.Rene H Couture passionately creates Unique wedding gowns for 22 years now. Any idea and design is possible. Personal attention is given and the Bride stays highly involved in the process. From the Consultation to the last handstitch the dress is treated as an artwork, representing the Bride's personality to her little quirk and desires.AMATEUR RADIO FOR THE GREAT OUTDOORS
Antennas including linked dipoles, telescopic poles also ham radio kits - everything you need.
If you are thinking of leaving your ham shack with your radio, take a look. We can help.
Guying ring. 24mm inner diameter. Four guying points. Suitable for telescopic poles.
Posted by Martin on 29th Nov 2017
Just as described, good value and excellent service, highly recommended..
Posted by Chris on 19th Jul 2015
Posted by G4ABX on 27th Jun 2014
These laser cut guying supports are excellent for the telescopic poles. Just make sure you know at which section they will end up -- and take a reel of guy chord to tie them off at the correct length/spread..
All orders are billed in UK Pounds. Choose a currency below to display products in your currency. Note: your bank/Paypal may not offer the same exchange rate.Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (29)
Publication Year
1942
2017
- This year (8)
- Last 5 years (37)
- Last 10 years (57)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Lixin Zhu, Susan Sestini Baker, +4 authors Steven R Gill
- Hepatology
- 2013
UNLABELLED Nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) is a serious liver disease associated with obesity. Characterized by metabolic syndrome, hepatic steatosis, and liver inflammation, NASH is believed to be under the influence of the gut microflora. Here, the composition of gut bacterial communities of NASH, obese, and healthy children was determined by 16S… (More)
- Robert Dawson Baker, Frank R. Greer
- Pediatrics
- 2010… (More)
- Drucy S. Borowitz, Robert Dawson Baker, Virginia A. Stallings
- Journal of pediatric gastroenterology and…
- 2002,… (More)
- Wensheng Liu, Susan Sestini Baker, Robert Dawson Baker, Lixin Zhu
- Current drug targets
- 2015
Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) represents a broad spectrum of histological abnormalities with clinical presentations ranging from hepatic steatosis to nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Some NAFLD patients may progress to cirrhosis and ultimately hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Hepatic steatosis, the hallmark of NAFLD, is defined by the… (More)
- Vincent Marchand, Renan Uflacker, Susan Sestini Baker, Robert Dawson Baker
- Journal of pediatric gastroenterology and…
- 1999
- Razan H Alkhouri, Humaira Hashmi, Robert Dawson Baker, Daniel Gelfond, Susan Sestini Baker
- Journal of pediatric gastroenterology and…
- 2013
OBJECTIVES Patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) are at risk for vitamin and mineral deficiencies because of long-term inflammation in the gut mucosa and decreased oral intake. The aim of the study is to investigate the prevalence of vitamin and zinc deficiencies in patients with newly diagnosed IBD compared with a control group. METHODS This is… (More)
- Radhakrishna K Rao, L Li, Robert Dawson Baker, Susan Sestini Baker, A. Gupta
- American journal of physiology. Gastrointestinal…
- 2000
The role of H(2)O(2) and protein thiol oxidation in oxidative stress-induced epithelial paracellular permeability was investigated in Caco-2 cell monolayers. Treatment with a H(2)O(2) generating system (xanthine oxidase + xanthine) or H(2)O(2) (20 microM) increased the paracellular permeability. Xanthine oxidase-induced permeability was potentiated by… (More)
- Wael N. Sayej, Raza A. Patel, Robert Dawson Baker, Eduardo Tron, Susan Sestini Baker
- Journal of pediatric gastroenterology and…
- 2009
BACKGROUND Eosinophilic esophagitis (EE) is a clinical entity that is recognized increasingly in children. The treatment of EE has been debated since its identification as a clinical entity separate from reflux esophagitis. We hypothesize that the treatment with a high-dose proton pump inhibitor (HDPPI) helps differentiate EE from noneosinophilic… (More)
- Susan Sestini Baker, Robert Dawson Baker, Wensheng Liu, Norma J. Nowak, Lixin Zhu
- PloS one
- 2010… (More)
- Reham M Abdou, Lixin Zhu, Robert Dawson Baker, Susan Sestini Baker
- Digestive Diseases and Sciences
- 2012.… (More)Now, though, the holiday travel is over, I’ve accepted an offer to work (at last!), I’ve recovered from the annoying cold, and I have some free time until the new job starts, so I’ll be getting back into the swing of blogging things!
First up, I stumbled across this video from 2012 of a flash mob in Russia performing “Putting on the Ritz”! It’s really nice to see at least some Russians having a great time, it’s a refreshing change from the old Cold War Soviet days when all the pictures you would see from the USSR would be dour, grayish, bland things, with the occasional “official State Culture” entertainments. One of the commenters on the YouTube video was pretty funny, saying that it sounded like the singers were singing “Putin oguretz”, which is “Putin is a cucumber.” In the old days that person would have been “disappeared” but now he just joins in the sea of snark that is the YouTube comment section!
At any rate, here is the flash mob, enjoy!Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first MassLive.com user to add photos or videos of Fallon Painting
Fallon Painting can be found at Little Cove Cir 12. The following is offered: B2B Contractors. The entry is present with us since Sep 10, 2010 and was last updated on Nov 14, 2013. In West Dennis there are 2 other B2B Contractors. An overview can be found here.
Fallon Barbara is located at 12 Little Cove Cir, West Dennis, MA. This business specializes in House Painting and Painting Services.With apologies to the Bard, the question is not “To camp or not to camp?” but “Where to camp?” Whether ‘tis nobler in the mind to seek out a pristine forest or local park, or to yield to the temptations of a commercial campground with power and water. With the temperatures soaring into the stratosphere, we have done a bit of both.
Our first campsite in Texas was just over the state line in a county park. It was really more of a day park but they did allow some camping and once we had bought a permit for the princely sum of $3.00 they escorted us to our site. They pointed out that they locked the gates at 7:00 PM and wished us a pleasant evening. It’s the first time we have ever had a whole park to ourselves!
The highlight of our first full day in Texas was a visit to the USS Texas, which is on the Gulf side of Houston at La Porte. It shares the honors with the San Jacinto battlefield which, while preserved, sits incongruously in the midst of acres of oil refineries and holding tanks. The USS Texas is a bit unique among modern museum ships as she is a 1914 “Super Dreadnaught.” As such, she was built to burn coal, has two triple expansion piston engines, and, most unusually for U.S. battleships, she has five turrets. She served in the First World War but saw no combat. Between the wars she was converted to oil and equipped with new, tripod masts so that she resembles a famous ship that was one generation newer, the USS Arizona. Despite her age, she saw extensive action in the Second World War, most notably at the Normandy invasion and later at Iwo Jima and Okinawa. Fans of things naval will rejoice in the anachronistic combination of 5” casement mounted guns along side the ubiquitous 3”/50, quad 40mm, and 20mm guns. Highly recommended.
Breech of 14″ main battery gun with shell on the track.
San Jacinto monument as seen from the U.S.S. Texas.
Can’t be too careful. (I won’t repeat what I was told to do with prophylactics when I was a Midshipman.)
Our second night in Texas we found ourselves shut out of the inn or at least the State Park where we stopped first. So we ended up cheek and jowl with dozens of other campers in an independent campground. If the camp was less than charming, our neighbours did prove to be and even loaned us their long handled “Class A” windshield cleaning wand and soapy water to wash our windscreen the next morning! It made quick work of a small vehicle like Ndeke Luka. We then headed to San Antonio.
San Antonio again found us in a very busy and rather tightly packed, independent campsite but with a great location on the river and very near the missions. It also had lots of shade, and better than average Internet access. Every bit of shade helped as the temperature set a new record of 99F. We ate at a wonderful Mexican casual diner across the street. Looked like nothing, but all but had a line out the door. (We were the only Anglos in the place.) We ate very well and were even serenaded by a trio of Mariachi players. At this point, it was clear that we were in Texas!
A well-placed bus stop outside the campground deposited us in San Antonio, a short walk from the Alamo, which was much easier than parking. The Alamo looked just like its photos! Of course, all true history buffs know that the actual fort, the old mission walls, were in front of the famous facade, which is only the front of the church. We were fortunate enough to join a historical lecture and learned a lot about the history of Texas, which stood us in good stead as we completed our visit in the museums. We took a double decker bus tour that was a bit underwhelming. We thought the town had rather a gritty feel to it that did not encourage us to wander. It may have been partly detritus due to the closing parade of the Fiesta celebration for there was a goodly amount of trash everywhere. However a riverboat ride on the river by the Riverwalk was enjoyable and well worth it. It was cool and shady for the most part also which may have helped. We lunched on the Riverwalk in a pleasant and cool Mexican café (what else?) with great people watching opportunities.
We ended our visit to San Antonio the next day with visits to two of the missions. Mission San Jose is especially worth a visit as it has been almost completely reconstructed and, as a result, looks more like the Alamo than the Alamo itself. You can really see that the missions were well built to repel attacks by those Indians who did not convert.
Interior of the corner bastion, cannon down below, muskets above.
Fun Facts about San Antonio: (These must be true as we heard them from tour guides.)
— San Antonio has long had a large German population. Like Rick, they came for the waters. In this case, to use the waters to make beer. With the coming of Prohibition, they faced ruin. So they moved production to Mexico and gave their San Antonio beers new names – like “Corona”, “Dos Equis”, et al.
— The fajita was invented by a Mexican living in San Antonio. When it was a hit, he went home, hoping to make his fortune in Mexico. The Mexicans, however, dismissed the fajita as not being an authentic, Mexican dish. So he returned to San Antonio, took U.S. citizenship and opened a restaurant named “Mi Tierra.” Which restaurant is open to this day.
— San Antonio has a large flour industry, but not a lot of corn. So the German flour miller began to make tortillas from flour and they remain an option in Tex-Mex restaurants.
True? Who knows, but they make good stories.
Finally, hiding from the sun at the Hill Country Nature Reserve.7 Tips For Single Moms Trying to Find Time For School And Thier Kids
More and more women (and men) are finding themselves single parents. To better their children’s and their own lives, going back to school to learn a skill can be the best way to do so. So whether it is regular campus college or online, there is a lot of work involved. So here are some tips and tricks to get your work done, even if you have a child running or crawling around.
1.) Don’t even try to get work done when your child is up. Sounds crazy, but when you are distracted the quality and quantity of work will suffer anyways.
2.) Which brings me to when, children sleep more than adults, take advantage of this time. This quiet, undistracted time can be enough to get all your work done. I run 5 classes with a three year old and unless I procrastinate, I don’t even try to work when he is up and about.
3.) DON’T PROCRASTINATE. Very simple, procrastination is your enemy.
4.) Make a schedule. Write down your syllabus at the end of the of each week for the week ahead and try your best to stick to it. Only you know your schedule, so be realistic and even a little bit a day to make sure you finish everything.
5.) Schedule a school-free day. Take a set day out of the week and have a fun day with your child. Taking a day to just spend time together, not worrying about school is essential in avoiding burn-out.
6.) If all else fails, and you can’t manage any of the above. There will be a crunch night, I usually have one early in the week, to avoid the deadline one. So when it is the night before and you have all this work to do, first thing is to not talk yourself out of doing it. It is easy to accept a late grade or reason out of doing it, but setting your mind to getting it done is the first step.
7.) If a crunch night and all of the above fail, you may have to do some homework with your child up. If this is the case, then constructing an activity, preferably semi-quiet in the room with you is a great idea. An awesome train track set up on a table, their favorite movie, coloring books and crayons or anything that will keep them occupied for a little while. Setting things up ahead of time can save you a big headache later.
All in all, just keeping a positive mind set and knowing you can do it. Yeah you may sleep less for a few years but the outcome is more than worth it. Take advantage of flat rates, add a class a term if possible. The savings can be quite large and well worth a few less hours of sleep a week.Chalet Ski Holidays France: Why France Beats America At The Skiing Game
The world is full of incredibly beautiful and exciting places to ski, but there are some places that are much more impressive than others. Compare chalet ski holidays France based with those in America, and you will see the difference straight away. When it comes to skiing, France is way out ahead.
Skiing in France is an excellent choice for your winter break away, especially when compared to America. To start with, it’s much closer, which means that it will take far less time to get to your France ski chalet than it would to get to one in Colorado, for example. That means you arrive in France a lot fresher and happier than if you had been subjected to a long haul flight. It also means that your money goes further – you don’t waste your travelling days, which means you get two extra days to ski when you go to France. Another benefit of going to France over America is that the scenery is just so much more impressive. The Rockies are great – stunning, in fact – but compare them to Mont Blanc, and there is really no competition. If you want to ski in the most gorgeous of surroundings, France should be your top pick. Adding to the wonderful views is the fact that in France, the treeline tends to be lower, accentuating those views and allowing for smoother skiing in general. It’s potentially safer that way, and you really do feel as though you are on top of the world when you are above the trees as well as everything else. There is no other feeling quite like it.
If apres ski is just as important as the skiing itself, you will want to go to France rather than America. With chalet ski holidays France based, the partying goes on all night and you’ll see the sunrise before the fun ends. Regarding safe skiing, there are very rarely any ropes or barriers along French ski runs, and that’s a good thing. Although they are used in America to keep people on the right slope and the right track, in low visibility, they can cause major problems and getting caught up in them is never fun. So they simply don’t use them in France. Your ski chalet France based is also going to be more exciting than an American one. A catered ski chalet is often much cheaper than the same thing in America, but you’ll be able to enjoy traditional, delicious French cuisine as a bonus! Finally, the pace in France is just much slower. We don’t mean the slopes themselves – some of them are incredibly fast – but the pace of life instead. You’ll often find skiers in France taking a break or five during the day to enjoy a cup of good coffee and a croissant before heading off on their next adventure.
If you think that skiing is the same the world over, think again. Ski holidays France based have the edge on anywhere else in the world, and booking one is something you will never regret. Chalet ski holidays France based offer the ultimate in slopes and apres ski facilities so you can enjoy yourself completely.When was the last time you cleaned your grill? That long ago? Why not give it a good scrubbing before you fire it up for this weekend’s cookout? A clean grill lasts longer, makes your food taste better and produces less smoke. If you have a charcoal grill, use a wire brush to remove food particles from the cooking area, and then get down to the bottom of the grill and scrape off the gunk that has accumulated. If you have a gas grill, even if you use the ‘clean’ setting on a regular basis, that doesn’t totally eliminate the buildup from the cooking area. It’s a good idea to take your grill apart and wipe off all the surfaces occasionally and make sure nothing is blocking the gas jets. A bucket of soapy water is fine for cleaning both charcoal and gas grills. Ideally, you should wipe off your grill every time you use it, just as you do your stove, to make for a great barbecue. Have a terrific 4th of July weekend from your friends at Blass Residential Services!Which $500 Sign Up Bonus Should You Get?
Posted byon August 2, received practically the same offers! Haven’t decided which one I want to open yet, and for what purpose. I feel travel in our future….:)
Nothing like being forced to take a vacation!
I spoke with Sapphire this morning and they gave me the heads up that the rewards will be updated effective Mid-July but they haven’t been announced. Regular Sapphire holders will earn 2points on Dining (instead of 1). Sapphire Preferred holders will earn the same, plus 2 points on Travel and 3 points on travel if booked through the Chase Ultimate Rewards website. Just thought I’d throw that out there if it affects any of your decisions!
Great news. Thanks for the update Jake!This article will bring you to the list of the best private equity search firms and headhunters in America. Insider Monkey has recently published an interesting article about it giving you some advice. Many websites function as a search engine for finding private equity executive search firms and private equity headhunters. However, none of them tells you which are the best ones. In order to find out on their own, they, at Insider Monkey took suggestions from different sources such as Forbes of best executive recruiting firms, the Wall street Oasis Forum where people made a list based on their own experience and the Interview Private Equity, official guide for private equity firms, to name few. Then Insider Monkey took the most repeated suggestions of private equity search firms and headhunters and ranked them in that manner.
Now without a further ado let’s see what Insider Monkey has investigated for us. We have picked three of best private equity search firms and headhunters in America from their list.
The first one can be Phoenix Group International. This private equity search firm is based in Arizona. What distinguishes it from the other, as mentioned on their website, is its high engagement “at every stage of the recruitment and hiring process.” Phoenix Group International ranks 6th on Insider Monkey’s list of best private equity search firms and headhunters in America and it embraces technology, but at the same time, relies on its professional service qualities. The second one on our short list should be Spencer Stuart. Spencer Stuart is an American global search firm which is based in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded in 1956, and since then it developed its reach to 30 countries and 56 offices in total. Besides headhunting, it also offers leadership consulting, and help in planning and human resource development. At last, but not least we are recommending.Status: Open
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right...
Be the first PennLive.com user to add photos or videos of Compleat Restorations
5 star
5 star.
Since 1978, Compleat Restorations has been providing General Remodeling, Single-family Houses from Ephrata. Compleat Restorations is incorporated in Pennsylvania.We are always welcome here. Traditional Istrian cuisine and delicious steak tartare. The staff is friendly and the garden is beautiful. Try the mixed meat plate "Daniela". 5 min from Poreč. One of the best konobas in Istria.
1 - 10 of 118 reviews
It was Sunday afternoon, a bit crowded so we had to wait for a while for each dish. The place is a destination; you have to go there on purpose which speaks for itself. The best restaurants are not on the prime locations . Tartare...More
Home food better then at home! Authentic istrian cuisine at very reasonable prices. Pastas with mushrooms, stew and truffles are great, but steak tartare is amazing! Made at the table and fresh. A place we'll visit every time when in Istria for sure.
Up a side street into the middle of nowhere, keep going when you are sure you've missed it. That's where it is - and well worth it.
I am the second time in the Konoba Daniela this year. In Jul 2017, I was an evening with my family there. In Sep 2017, a second time with my mother-in-law. The food was twice great. Today, I started with an Istrian minestrone. For the...More
1st rule is to book a table in advance (1 day before is fine). It is one of the few Konoba where I see locals having dinner. For me it's a sign if quality. The menu might shock because there's a lot to it, but...More
We've been at Daniela's more than 20 times now over the last 6 years. It has always been a wonderful experience, great food, reasonably priced and very friendly staff. But the Tartar is the main act in this lovely Patio. The preparation at the table...More
Every time we go to Porec, we MUST visit Daniela, because they are just amazing! For the beginning you must try the steak tartar, because it's just delicious and for the main course this time we had pasta - fuzi with truffels and ravioli with...More
Whilst the food was nice, the rave reviews from others left us slightly bemused as we experienced slow service, order mistakes and a grumpy waiter....maybe we were just unlucky????
Konoba Daniela is a family-run and owned restaurant just a few kilometers outside Poreč. You can surely feel the family vibe of this place since everybody is really friendly and nice, relaxed and wearing a smile, even when the place is crowded. I can appreciate...MorePower and Cruising
We offer all levels of bottom preparation and painting options for power boats and cruising sailboats.
Choose from our preparation options based upon the condition of your bottom paint, and the paint you want from Pettit, Interlux, ZSpar, Blue Water Marine, Woolsey and all industry leading paint brands.
What separates our standard bottom jobs from a lot of other boatyard’s bottom jobs is we sand everyone of the, we don’t just powerwash the boat and then paint. We actually tent the boat off with heavy mil visquene all the away around it, from the hull to the ground. We go inside the tent with full respirator and protective gear on and we sand the bottom of the entire boat before we put the paint on. We also spot-prime if necessary where areas are down to bare gelcoat.
We do a lot of brand new boats and here we use a 6 coat application process. We start with a mold-release remover, we solvent bathe the whole boat, we cut the waterline in, we sand it to 80 grit production spec, we put 3 coats of Interlux InterProtect 2000 Epoxy Primer on and then 3 coats of whatever kind of bottom paint we are using.
Racing
We offer fairing, foil templating, and all racing finishes from polished epoxy to burnished antifouling. We also install kelp windows, kelp knives and camera systems.
This a Farr 40 that was stripped all the way down to bare gelcoat. We put 3 Epoxy Prime layers of Interprotect 2000 on it and then sprayed it with a white Petit Vivid Bottom which is a Biocide based Racing Paint. We also have the option of putting a Graphite kit in this paint, making it a light grey and a little bit harder.
We spray all of our Racing bottoms with a High Pressure Gun, this allows us to produce a very flat and smooth finish and then we hand burnish the finishes before they go in the water. We can do this with a variety of paints from VC Offshore to Petit Vivid to ECONEA, a metal free anti-fouling agent, as well as Modified Alkaline Epoxy Paints such as Petit Trinidad. We can uses Z Spar Protector for racing finishes or whatever the customer wants.
LP Paint Finishes
Harbor Marineworks is an Awlgrip and Sterling Linear Polyurethane authorized application facility. We provide custom hull and decking jobs, full paint restorations, mast and parts painting, waterline and cove stripes. Our 60’ x 28’ spray tent can comfortably accommodate boats up to 45’, and temporary structures can accommodate larger vessels for atmosphere controlled perfection.
LP Painting is often used a gelcoat restoration method where the gelcoat is dead or damaged from the sun and rather then re-gelcoat the boat, we seal it up with epoxy and put an LP finish on it. The Awlgrip that we use is a true Urethane so it is basically like coating the boat with a flexible liquid plastic. As it catalyzes there’s a clear that comes to the surface and glazes off and that is what gives it a gloss and also provides UV protection for the paint so the sun doesn’t damage it as much.
We like to shoot Awlgrip, we are an Awlgrip Application Facility and we can still shoot the true Awlgrip which other yards in the Los Angeles area can no longer use due to the VOC laws in that area.
We do attract business from the Los Angeles area since we shoot Awlgrip, not Awlgrip2 which is the low solvent VOC.
Custom name Painting
Our on-site artist hand paints custom logos, boat names, hailing ports and pin striping.
We also provide vinyl graphic design and application.I'm so thrilled to be a Guest Designer for Christian Paper Crafts this month! Today I'm sharing my Gracious Glimpse, which is a preview for the exclusive CPC Design Team Delights Gallery which opens tomorrow.
The Design Team Delights Gallery is a monthly gallery that all Christian Paper Crafts Super Sister and King's Daughter members can access. It’s filled each month with stunning projects created by the amazing design team and special guests. You won’t be able to see the projects that are inside the DTD gallery anywhere else…not on blogs, in galleries, or anywhere! They are exclusive to the CPC Design Team Delights Gallery, so join Christian Paper Crafts today and you won’t miss a thing!
This month's theme is Fabulous Fall. I created this layout to share:
Supplies:
Basic Grey and Close to My Heart Patterned Papers
Bazzill Cardstock
Tim Holtz and 7 Gypsies Tags
Our Daily Bread Designs Scripture Series 2, Scrolly Borders and Randi's Song Stamps
Lace, Buttons, Gems
QK Carousel Font, QK Scroll Goosebumps
Thanks so much for stopping by. Have a blessed day!!First Time Application
Alberta's real estate industry has four sectors:
- Real estate professionals work with consumers to buy or sell property. They are often referred to as real estate agents. They include property management professionals, who provide management services to investment property owners, including negotiating leases, collecting rents, property maintenance.
- Mortgage professionals act as a matchmaker between borrowers and lenders.
- Real estate appraisal professionals estimate the defined value of real estate.
If you're moving to Alberta from another jurisdiction and want to become licensed in Alberta, click here.
To review the application process, click on the industry sector you're interested in joining.Screen work comprises national distribution and television network movies; a variety of indie features and shorts,including a number of festival favorites; TV episodes(domestic and foreign); and industrials, as well as film school productions. Film/TV production locations have included Ethiopia, New York, Los Angeles, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina and Tennessee.Screen productions have ranged from gripping drama to farcical comedy and sentimental tear-jerkers. A wide variety of character roles has included the loony, pathetic and mean; the wicked, heroic and devious; the victimized, authoritative and outrageous; the sage, destitute and debonair., Lerner & Loewe, Roussin, Shaffer, Wilde, Wilder and Wouk; as well as voice-over recordings for the French Foreign Legion in Djibouti.Sporadic visits to the USA included study in the Performing Arts at the Boston University Theater Institute, as well as a number of stage performances in Florida and Georgia, including works by Albee, Friel, Lerner & Loewe, and Miller. For more than ten years, in various countries and states, in a wide variety of venues, Jack staged his one-man show based on the works of Edgar Allan Poe; his current stand-up repertoire resurrects an old-timey vaudeville routine featuring a variety of short silly patter songs.In recent years, Jack has performed regularly in theaters throughout North/Central Florida, interpreting, among others: works by Chekhov, Shakespeare, Simon, Woldin, Sondheim, Letts and Gelbart;", as well as rocking the equally bizarre Congressman Salt in Michel Parker's "The Sensuous Senator",which was the comedy hit of Jacksonville, Florida's 2003-2004 theater season; then came the scandalous Marcus Lycus in "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum". These outrageous characters were followed by Bud Todd, the lascivious lonely-wife chaser in Tracy Letts' "Man From Nebraska"; as well as the outrageously rickety miser, Jethro Crouch, in "Sly Fox" by Larry Gelbart, the creator of "M*A*S*H".Other favorite stage roles from yesteryear, as well as the previously mentioned study in the Performing Arts at the Boston University Theater Institute.
پیام
پیام شما با موفقیت ثبت شدI was recently sent some great products from Osmotics Cosmeceuticals Their scientifically proven technology makes them a Leader in Anti-Aging Technologies For Skin and Hair.
Check out this great video of how amazing Osmotics products are: It's like getting a facelift without the surgery.
The items they sent me were from the Blue Copper 5 Anti-Aging Product Line
Visibly firms and lifts facial contours
Combats age accelerating free radicals
- Promotes healthy, younger looking, radiant skin
Increases skin's natural moisture for smoother, more even texture
Blue Copper 5 Anti Aging Cleansing GeleeBluish clear gelee smells really clean. Like a spa I was at once. Very nice memory. The gelee left my skin feeling super clean and very smooth. Did a fantastic job with make-up removal.
NEW.
Luxurious 1 effective for eye makeup removal and perfect for all skin types.
- Sulfate free, natural lathering cleanser/makeup remover
- Moisture rich formula promotes healthy, radiant skin
- Perfect for all skin types
Blue Copper 5: 7 Night Molecular Repair Treatment
This almost neon blue gel smooths on very nicely. The first time I used it my skin reddened slightly then calmed almost immediately. Guess that means its working. Non-greasy...No real fragrance. A little goes a long way. They give you plenty in each ampoule to get complete coverage.
I did the application at night like the instructions said. The next morning my skin looked even toned, smooth with no puffiness. By day three I noticed that some of the acne scarring left from my teenage years is fading. Hoping this effect is permanent.
By the end of the seven days of treatment I definitely see a difference in my face. My skin appears smoother and more youthful. I love it.
What is it?/repair for all skin types.
Perfect for all skin types..
Want to keep up with Osmotics Cosmeceuticals? You can follow em on Twitter, like em on Facebook, check out their blog and YouTube pages and sign up for their newsletter.
Ready to buy? Head on over to Osmotics Cosmeceuticals and get you some of these great skincare products. Looking for a location near you? Check out the Locations page.4.78
de 5
Puntuación de los análisis
Promedio
236 análisis
SOBRE NOSOTROS
Garmin was founded in 1989, has long been committed to the design and development of GPS products, uphold the concise, firm belief: to provide innovative and convenient products to enhance customer quality of life,to create today's global satellite positioning navigation system leading brand Garmin. Since the establishment of the company, we have developed a number of groundbreaking technologies in the field of GPS, providing better design and higher product value to our customers and with the best customer service.Leer más >.
Well good. I’m glad to see that the one in a hundred samples they take is finally catching up to them. Their shenanigans must stop. Horse meat is mostly toxic. If people love life and their kids they better demand that horse meat is banned from the human food chain.
It would go a long way if the main media would pick up this story – with all of the warnings & petitions (as said in this article) in horse publications – it certainly should have been publicized much more by the “media”. But then they are too busy with tweets & “celebraties to actually do research!
Please read the accurate report on this from the Canadian Horse Defence Coalition.
Thanks, Loni.
One should also remember that horsemeat is used as a filler and in the case of the Burger King debacle consumers did not know they were consuming horsemeat.Portuguese salute, mourn soccer great Eusebio
LISBON, Portugal (AP) — Tens of thousands turned out in tribute Monday field.
The government declared three days of national mourning after Eusebio's death Sunday from heart failure at 71.
The funeral was attended by Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho and many soccer players, including former world player of the year and retired Portugal captain Luis Figo. in the history of the game. He was affectionately known as the Black Panther for his physique and agility.
Eusebio was to be buried in a cemetery near Benfica's stadium. Authorities said they would consider moving him later to Lisbon's National Pantheon, which contains the tombs of illustrious figures from Portuguese history.Quick Spin: Audi Quattro Concept
Thirty years after the original, Audi wants to build another all-wheel drive masterpiece.
Spy Shots: 2011 Jeep Compass sharpens up
The Jeep Compass is getting a much-needed makeover for the 2011 model year and should make its debut at next month's Detroit Auto Show.
Wards announces 10 best engines
Wards Auto has announced its 10 Best Engine Winners for 2011, and not surprisingly, fuel-efficient creations like the Chevrolet Volt and Nissan Leaf have taken top honors.
Also of interest:
- George Clooney to play John DeLorean in biopic?
- New Lancia Stratos runs 0-62 in 3.3 seconds
- Video: Sabine Schmitz makes another blonde shriek in BMW M3 Frozen Gray
- Spy Shots: Are you the 2012 Volkswagen NMS?
- Chrysler planning Ram 1500 diesel and hybrid models?
Browse our archive of Daily U-Turn posts or subscribe to the RSS feed: What Mess by Amanda Yi Designs and Two Tiny Turtles
Template: Magical Vol.1 by Little Bit Shoppe
Stats
- Uploaded Sun, 04/27/2014 - 19:23
- 22 Views
- 2 Comments
- 0 People heart this
Recent Comments
LOL a lot of sweetness under all that mess!
Wow, nice page! Love your cluster of circles. And your shadowing on the piece of string is fabulous!Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (0)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Maji Luo, Magali Casellas, F Leglise, Christophe Dagot
- Water science and technology : a journal of the…
- 2011
The… (More)Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (1)
Publication Year
2012
2017
- This year (2)
- Last 5 years (2)
- Last 10 years (4)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- T S Kaminski, Slawomir Jakiela, Magdalena A. Czekalska, Witold Postek, Piotr Garstecki
- Lab on a chip
- 2012
We demonstrate an integrated system for rapid and automated generation of multiple, chemically distinct populations of ~10(3)-10(4) sub-nanoliter droplets. Generation of these 'libraries of droplets' proceeds in the following automated steps: i) generation of a sequence of micro-liter droplets of individually predetermined composition, ii) injection of… (More)
- Witold Postek, T S Kaminski, Piotr Garstecki
- The Analyst
- 2017
We demonstrate a microfluidic system for the precise (coefficient of variance between repetitions below 4%) and highly accurate (average difference from two-fold dilution below 1%) serial dilution of solutions inside droplets with a volume of ca. 1 μl. The two-fold dilution series can be prepared with the correlation coefficient as high as R2 = 0.999. The… (More)
- T S Kaminski, Sławomir Jakiela, Magdalena A. Czekalska, Witold Postek, Piotr Garstecki
- 2012
We demonstrate an integrated system (fig.1) for rapid and automated generation of libraries comprising multiple (~10-10) populations of sub-nanoliter droplets. Each population has a distinct chemical composition. Protocol of generation of libraries that we report comprises i) generation of a sequence of micro-liter droplets by aspiration of small portions… (More)
- Witold Postek, T S Kaminski, Piotr Garstecki
- Lab on a chip
- 2017… (More)Nostalgia Electrics Mini Chocolate Fountain $9.00 $19.00 + Free* Shipping Walmart Coupons See Deal About this Deal *Free store pick-up or $1.97 for shipping to home Nostalgia Electrics Mini Chocolate Fountain: Auger-style fountain requires no pump Holds up to 8 oz of melted chocolate Easy assembly with 2 tower tiers Single heat and motor control knobs Towers are made of plastic 90-day warranty Dimensions: 5.75"L x 5.75"W x 8.75"H Model# CFFHome » Board Game » Jewelish Blitz Jewelish Blitz October 11, 2017 admin 0 Board Game, Be fast as lightning and make combinations of same-colored jewels! Can you earn a high score in this action-packed Match3 game? Previous: Hex Blitz Next: Gold Miner Tom About The Author admin Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * WebsiteA rundown of what Heat players had to say during exit interviews — a lot of interesting stuff
MIAMI — Before Heat players walked off into the offseason, they took some time to reflect back on the season and look forward to the next few months Monday during exit interviews.
Dion Waiters and James Johnson spoke about their desire to return to Miami next season. Justise Winslow gave an update on his shoulder injury and Tyler Johnson revealed that he plans to replace his missing tooth.)
Hassan Whiteside, Luke Babbitt and Josh McRoberts declined to speak to the media, as exit interviews are voluntary and not mandatory.
Here’s the best stuff from Monday’s media session with Heat players …
(For what coach Erik Spoelstra had to say, read this)
Dion Waiters
* What is the Heat way? “Them staying on top of you and making sure you do what you got to do. Most important is getting your mind and body right. That’s one thing they preach over here, just get in the best shape of your life. As you can see with some of the guys coming in, including myself, just getting your body right. It showed with the performance on the court.”
* When asked if Waiters wants to return to Miami next season, Waiters said, ‘Of course.”
* Will Waiters even take less money this summer to stay with the Heat? “Whatever it takes. I can’t answer that right now. I cant control that.”
* On signing a cheap contract with the Heat last offseason: “I just think the opportunity paid off. Everything I talked to Pat [Riley] about this summer came to fruition. One thing about Pat, he’s a man of his word. That’s why I chose to take that. I said it was never about the money. It was all about opportunity. I was able to play my game, I was able to show different aspects of my game. I was able to be in position where coach trusted me with the ball in my hands in late game situations. If I was on a different team, I probably would not have been in that situation to take that shot. We’re just getting started. It’s only the beginning.”
* Waiters believes this Heat team can compete for an NBA championship: “You never know in this league, anything can happen. You hear people say, you need a certain player. No you don’t. We’ve got a bunch of guys who play together and who play the right way and guys go out there and defend, that’s what we do. I like our chances against anyone.”
* Waiters said he doesn’t need surgery on his left ankle. The ankle is still “a little swollen,” but he’s walking without a limp.
Tyler Johnson
* Do you root for Dwyane Wade in the playoffs? “Of course. Obviously what he’s done for this city and for this franchise, but at the same time that’s also my Li-Ning fam. I definitely root for D-Wade.”
* Johnson said players still under contract with the Heat will back at the team facility “early” to start offseason work. But not too early. “I need some time to take my fam around and do some of the things we weren’t able to do during the season. But I’ve made it very clear to my family that just because it’s the summer time doesn’t mean I’m going to be able to be doing vacation like that. … I understand what we’re building here. It’s something real.”
* Although Tyler wants James Johnson to return next season, he “only wants the best for him.” But Tyler made it clear that “we all want him back.”
* Now that the season is over, will you go to the dentist to get a replacement for your missing tooth? “It’s definitely about that time. Not even just for the look of it. It’s just because it’s going to mess up all my other teeth.” Will you see the barber, too? “Nah.”
Goran Dragic
*.”
* On having one of the best seasons of his career: “The reason was just that I felt comfortable. This place feels like home now. I don’t have any distractions off the court. I’m just thinking about basketball. The summer was really important for me. I really worked on my game and especially on my body, trying to be in the best shape of my life. I think I accomplished that.”
* Dragic will leave for Slovenia on April 30 and will play for his national team this summer. He won’t return to Miami until September.
Wayne Ellington
* The Heat have a $6.3 million team option to bring Ellington back next season. When asked about his situation, Ellington smiled and said, “We’ll see what happens, man. But I have a good feeling.”
* Ellington added that Miami is the place he wants to be next season. “Obviously this is something that was special to all of us. It felt like this is the start of something that can really be great for us. But obviously, I understand the business. This is the place I want to be. This is the place that feels like home for me and feels really good to me.”
* Ellington said he plans to stay in Miami for his offseason work. “I’ll be here. I have a newborn son so he can’t really travel too much. This will be home-base all summer for me. I’ll be in the gym.”
* What does Ellington plan to work on this summer? “I want to continue to get in better shape. I feel like I can become an even more deadly 3-point shooter. I want to get it stuck on automatic. I want my shot to be automatic when it goes up. … You’ll see an improved player next year, for sure.”
James Johnson
* Entering free agency, how does Johnson feel about the Heat organization? “I’m home. That’s what it feels like. I love it here. I had a great season. I love the culture here and I’m very passionate about this place.”
* Johnson may get a bigger contract offer from another team, but he says he knows “that it’s not always greener on the other side.” That can only help the Heat as they try to bring back Johnson this summer. Johnson went on to say: .”
* What’s Johnson’s goal next season? “I just want to beat Rodney McGruder next year in the conditioning test. Mark that down or whatever, but that’s my goal.”
* And for those asking if Johnson feels a sense of loyalty to the Heat organization. The answer is, yes. “I think the loyalty with this organization — that’s going to outweigh a lot of other things including money,” he said.
Justise Winslow
* Winslow said he’s “ahead of schedule” in his rehab from season-ending shoulder injury. He has still not tested the shoulder with contact work, but his range of motion “is pretty good.” Winslow plans on being 100 percent for the start of training camp.
* How hard was it for Winslow to watch the Heat this season and not be a part of the winning stretch? “It was fine. I was there for the guys, so I was trying to watch. If I saw something to help them out with, I was totally invested in trying to make this playoff push as much as I could be.”
* Winslow said his left wrist injury early in the season “held him back a little bit” with his outside shot.
Willie Reed
* Reed is expected to opt out of a player option worth $1.6 million and become a free agent this summer. What will this offseason be like for him? “I don’t know what it’s going to be like for me, to be honest. I’ve never been in a position like this before, so I’m just trying to trust the process.”
* Reed said returning to the Heat next season “would be great.” He added: “Hopefully something works out. I don’t know what’s going to happen.”
Josh Richardson
* On his play late in the season: “It was encouraging. When I feel 100 percent, I feel like that’s what I can do.”
Rodney McGruder
* McGruder said he hasn’t been able to sleep since the end of the regular season. “Just thinking what’s next. You’re used to being on a routine and structured schedule. … Then it just comes to a halt. It’s been really tough to get sleep lately.”
* How is this offseason different for you — it’s your first offseason with an NBA contract? “A lot. I have great coaches, a great organization and guys that are going to help me, come sit down with me and tell me exactly what it is I need to improve on.”
* McGruder plans to work on becoming a more consistent shooter and better ball handler this summer. He will stay in Miami for most of his offseason work.
]
Please confirm the information below before signing in.MUNICH — I admit I had not been thrilled about flying here to see the BMW Welt, this car company’s fancy new delivery center. The enthusiasm many of us once felt for the notion of an increasingly interconnected world has dimmed, a casualty of the canceled flights and lost luggage that is the reality of travel today. And..
Of these recent German buildings, BMW Welt, which opened in the fall, is both the most blatant as corporate self-promotion and the most exhilarating as architecture.Continue reading the main story.
Yet if the experience brings to mind the hollowness of contemporary consumer society, the architecture is more generous in spirit. The building stands at an intersection of busy roadways at the edge of the Olympic park, a short drive from the city center. Just to the east are BMW’s corporate offices, a cluster of cylindrical concrete towers designed by Mr. Prix’s former professor, Karl Schwanzer. The tentlike forms of Frei Otto’s swimming stadium, designed for the 1972 Munich Olympics, are visible in the near distance to the west.
Rather than turn their backs on this world, the architects revel in it. Like many of their contemporaries who came of age in the 1960s and 70s, the Coop Himmelb(l)au designers try to locate the strands in recent history that are worth preserving, and then weave them into a composition of genuine civic stature. An hourglass-shaped events hall grounds the building at one end, its torqued glass-and-steel form evoking a tornado drilling into the earth, sucking up energy from the passing cars. From here, the roof unfolds like a gigantic carpet draped over the main hall. Its curvaceous form billows up at some points and then sags at others, echoing the contours of the nearby park. A vertical band of glass cut into the main facade is set on an axis with the corporate tower across the street, locking the composition into its surroundings.
That combination of a bold formal language and a subtle feel for context continues inside, where the interior is conceived as a vast public forum whose centerpiece is the automobile. Mr. Prix claims that the roof is large enough to cover Piazza San Marco in Venice, and at times its steel underbelly, animated with slashes of light, can evoke the fabric canopies that shade traditional bazaars in Middle Eastern cities.
To emphasize a sense of mystery, the main hall is organized in a slight arc, so that it reveals itself only gradually. Shops line the hall on both sides, while spacious curved walkways crisscross the space overhead. A spiral auto ramp corkscrews through the center of the hall, connecting the main showroom to the street.
What unites these various experiences is the flow of cars and people through the space. Visitors spill in from entrances on two floors. New buyers cruise down the ramp in their glistening cars, while pedestrians gaze at them from the elevated walkways. These streams form an intricate pattern, linking man and machine, inside and out.
As a result, the structure is imbued with a level of dynamic energy barely imaginable by an earlier generation of Machine Age enthusiasts. The glistening surfaces — of the building and of the cars — call to mind the obsession with machines displayed by the Italian Futurists. (One, Filippo Tommaso Marinetti, famously claimed in a 1909 manifesto that “a roaring motor car that seems to run on shrapnel is more beautiful than the Victory of Samothrace.”)
But the precision with which Coop Himmelb(l)au has woven these various strands comes closer to the spirit of the Internet Age than to that of the assembly line. The building’s steel beams are welded together with the precision used for a car frame; the stainless-steel panels that make up the building’s skin are cut with a level of care seldom found in a project of this scale.
The architects have created a new kind of social organism, one that can make the clumsy cobblestone grids of ancient cities look as uninviting as prehistoric cave life. The question, of course, is who holds the keys to this new technological kingdom.Continue reading the main storyVolunteer at Shugborough
It’s an exciting time to join our passionate and dedicated team at Shugborough as we take our first steps on a 10 year journey to restore and revive the Estate.
This January, we’ll be looking for inspirational people to join us and play an active part in shaping and delivering our vision for the future of Shugborough. Inside or outside, history or nature, gardens or welcoming our visitors - there's a volunteer role to suit everyone.
- Become part of a team sharing and connecting visitors with our stories
- Have fun meeting new people
- Develop new skills for the future
- Embark on new adventures, make a change from the norm
We'll have a range of new opportunities to get involved across the mansion, park, farm, gardens, shop, and visitor reception in delivering both a fantastic experience for our visitors and helping us with our conservation work.
We're looking for people to:
- Delight and welcome our visitors with stories about the estate, helping them to get the most from their day
- Who like working together as one team and will help to deliver our vision for Shugborough
- Be passionate advocates for the Trust’s cause and help us to grow peoples’ passion and support for heritage and nature
- Be dynamic and flexible; enthusiastic to take on new things and adapt to change.
How to get involved
You can see and apply for all of the volunteer roles we are currently recruiting for by clicking here and searching for Shugborough.
We'll be developing new volunteer roles so if you’re interested in a role thats not currently listed or have any questions about volunteering at Shugborough please get in touch with Kate Gibbon, Volunteer Co-ordinator, by email.
Want to meet more like-minded people?
Join a National Trust Supporter group. Local Centre and Associations promote and support the work of their local National Trust places, and raise funds through a programme of outings, holidays and social events. If you’d like to meet like-minded people and make friends, find out about a group near you. Whether you’re a volunteer or a National Trust member, they’d love to hear from you.
Local Centres supporting Shugborough include Staffordshire, North Staffordshire and South East Staffordshire. For more information about Supporter Groups, please click here.Sponsoredby:
Sponsored by:
Following the fulfillment of certain conditions, including regulatory approval by government agencies, CMA CGM will launch an offer priced at SDG 1.30 (just over 92 cents U.S.) per share. That represents a 49-percent premium to NOL's unaffected share price, the carrier said. Upon conclusion of the deal, CMA CGM will establish a regional head office in Singapore. The offer has been unanimously approved and recommended by NOL’s board of directors, it said, and NOL's majority shareholders have already undertaken to tender all of their shares. “This transaction will represent a significant milestone in the development of CMA CGM,” said vice chairman Rodolphe Saadé. “Leveraging the complementary strengths of both companies, CMA CGM will further reinforce its position as a leader in global shipping with combined revenue of $22bn and 563 vessels.” The merged operation would be the world’s third-largest container carrier in terms of both fleet capacity and market share. In 2014, the CMA CGM group handled more than 12 million 20-foot equivalent units (TEU.S.). NOL’s vessels provide a combined capacity of 618,000 TEUs.
Source: CMA CGAAnxiety: OMG How will I get all this done!?
Panic: Boss lady wants me to give Sunday Sermon THIS SUNDAY!
Exhaustion: Packing, homework, laundry, traveling most every weekend lately…
Sink or swim: Crash course in casework this week. Caseworker out for death in famiky, so
I get the honors, but I have NO clue what I’m doing. Maybe I’ll just approve assistance for
everyone. It’s their lucky day!
Can it be Friday yet???
AdvertisementsPosted in FB, but not shared with the folks in control of town. So, here ’tis:
I highly propose that a good test be done on Russell Road.
Reclaim gravel-like “pavement” there now. Grind, add actual gravel, lay it down, grade (you know, with an actual crown), and roll it. I’m not a road agent, and don’t play one on TV… So do what’s called for to create an actual gravel road. There is tons of good info out there on HOW TO RECLAIM AND CREATE A PROPER GRAVEL ROAD.
I’m pretty sure the one-time dirt cart roads were fine in their time. I loved driving down Starch Mill 30 yrs ago, only 1/2 plowed in winter, grass growing down the middle in summer… But, that’s a dust road, masquerading as a dirt road, that should be a gravel road.
PLEASE, someone in Selectman’s board & Road Dept, take a day to research. Do what’s RIGHT. Penny-wise, pound-foolish, does NOT pay off. Tax payers keep losing here!!
——–
Thank you for reading. I understand you don’t have a dirt road project plan. You do have a paved road project plan. Wouldn’t this be a great part of that project? Russell Rd has to be reclaimed soon anyway, I hope.
Kind regards,
Pam Lassen
The Gazette looked up a random “HOW TO RECLAIM AND CREATE A PROPER GRAVEL ROAD” google search and found this which caught our attention. Notice the part in Section 1 where the shape a gravel road is listed as having three elements: crown, shoulder and ditch. We recently traversed some of our “reclaimed roads” and noticed not only no ditch, but the shoulder also sloping in the wrong direction! We assume what applies to gravel roads also applies to paved roads. However, frequently the width of the right of way interferes with a road that’s too wide for the circumstances in the first place.
Former Road Agent Greenwood was on the right track when he started adding stone to the roads… or as the above manual states:
.
However, a berm on the side of the road is not a shoulder and can be blamed on hurried operations
I can agree to a point about the dirt roads, BUT, I wonder if you lived on one if you’d feel the same. Get behind a bus or go on the road after one has passed, if there is no treatment on the dry roads, you cannot see what’s coming or going. You cannot open your windows in the house without the dirt flying in on any breeze. Your car is constantly covered in dust, your tire life is reduced, say nothing of engine filters. And my lungs are not made to filter the road dirt when walking. I’ll take the hot pavement anytime. Just saying
cel020943A guide to Trump's biggest lies
Thirty law suits that reveal the
real Donald Trump
Trump's corporate rap sheet
Trump's corporate rap sheet
How Trump has tried (and succeeded) to avoid taxes
Trump's Mafia linked business pal comes to the fore
Trump uses foreign workers for his beach club
Trump declares war against First Amendment
Trump sums himself up
"I really don’t even know what I mean, because that was a long time ago, and who knows what was in my head.” - Donald Trump, in an interview with NBC News, when asked about a 2002 Howard Stern interview in which he voiced support for the Iraq War. - Political Wire
196 people Trump has insulted and what he has said about them
3 in 4 young black Americans say they’d feel like fleeing the country if Donald Trump is elected
Federal judge rules Trump involved in ripping off union workers
The real Donald Trump
Why Trump is not to be trusted with nuclear weapons
2015
Trump urges collective punishment - a war crime under Geneva Convention
75% of Trump's claims are lies
When the Trump firm blocked black renters
Let's be fair: Trump doesn't hate all Muslims
Trump would deny full citizenship to Muslims
Donald Trump wants to shut down some mosques
Donald Trump thinks your wages are too high
How the immigration policy Trump praised actually worked
Donald Trump has filed for business bankruptcy four times
The vicious Donald Trump
Trump not only wants the White House, he may want your house too
Trump provided homes for for some nasty people
Trump, the high school bully
Why Trump needs therapy not votes
Trump hasn't voted in a primary since 1989
NY Attorney General says Trump U defrauded 600 students
Trump talks (and thinks) like a third grader
Great moments with Donald Trump
Trump likes waterboarding
Who Trump wants in his government
Donald Trump's dumbest remarks
Trump even bought his audience
3 comments:
Well, Sam, no getting around it, we're pretty much fucked, aren't we?
You can go on at length delineating Trump's negative attributes, and yes, there is much with which to be appalled. Be that as it may, we remain unconvinced that Donald is a bigger asshole Clinton. The fact remains that all we can do for certain is speculate the damage Donald may or may not do. With Hillary, we a track record and it is frightening as hell. Again, to reiterate a point raised many other times on this blog, when in office Hillary is near dead certain to sign TTIP, TPP, & TISA, and with that so will the last vestiges of US domestic sovereignty be written off.
It's not going to matter what future Supreme Court appointments are made, for with that signing the Court becomes nullified and now secondary to the whims and decisions of some external arbitration panel.
All standing domestic laws and statutes deemed antagonistic to transnational corporate interest can, and likely will be nullified or repealed.
As if this is not enough, Hillary's penchant for military intervention as means of conflict resolution brings the inevitability of WW III ever closer. Hers will be a seamless transition into office with little or no interruption of Obama's attempted assertion of global military hegemony. The NATO build ups in the Balkans, expansion of AFRICOM, the China Pivot, Latin America, shall forge onward exasperating tensions an international ill will directed at US.
Vote Jill Stein for Presidnet Green Party
The socialist are making their ultimate mover to corrupt america. You need to do this nowin reply to Re^2: Running Batch of Filesin thread Running Batch of Files]
Thank you marto and tokpela. Its Working fine now
A party
An organised event
A traditional gathering
With family and friends
Home alone
I don't celebrate the New Year
Adjusting my clocks for the Leap Second
I can't remember
Other
Results (187 votes). Check out past polls.MAS MALLOLA
2011 Bodegas Marco Abella
Garnacha and Carinena together with Cabernet Sauvignon and Syrah. These grapes come from the very high up, steeply terraced vineyards on the classic Priorat licorella slate, which gives such pronounced definition and shape to the wine. Aged in a combination of cement tanks and French oak barrels for 18 months. Beautifully expressive this in an incredibly vibrant and fine wine. Very fine fruit, crisp tannins and a balance that is so rarely achieved so that this wine really sings. L&S (Aug.
42% Garnacha, 30% Carignan, 28% Cab Sauv Denser yet more perfumed on the nose, dark fleshy fruit, blackberry, plum and dark toffee, really lovely. More verve on the palate, bright acidity, glossy black fruit, touch more Cabernet character running through it, lovely structure and drive. Drinking range: 2017 - 2022 L&S (Jul 2015). Drinking range: 2019 - 2025 Rating: 92-92Konstantin Lokshin, a research scientist at the Joint Institute for Neutron Studies at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, has joined EFree as a Technical Coordinator. Lokshin will focus on transport measurements at high pressure in support of the Novel Electron Transport in Light Element Materials project. He will also be actively involved in advancing neutron scattering techniques at the Spallation Neutron Source for the benefit of all three Center-wide EFree projects.
Lokshin Joins EFree as New Technical CoordinatorImages from The Modern Life
I love glass. Many of my charity shop finds are glass objects that people don't want. Whilst I love antique glass, I also very much appreciate modern designs. The glass tables above are to die for. It's at times like this that I wish I had a taste for modern living.
Wow, these are sooo cool!I saw these at the store the other day. And I really had no idea what to do with them. But for some reason they were very cheap… like I’m talking 4$ for 4 of them. So I figured, why not. Ill bring them home and cook them, and if they taste like garbage… well that’s only a dollar each so no big deal.
So as you saw the other day, I made the Jalapeno BBQ Sauce. And because it was date night, I didn’t actually get to use it… which is too bad, because its pretty tasty.
So today, I thought lets toss those little suckers on the bbq and slather them with bbq sauce. WELLLLLLL… YUM! they were tasty morsels in my mouth. I wish that I had more. I guess I will just have to keep an eye out for them the next time I am out grocery shopping.
nomnomnom!
Recent Comments10
Feb
10
Case 1 Spanning The Globe
Case 1 Spanning The Globe
08
Fall
08
Fall
The introduction of case
Tex-Mark, a company was started in the late 1970’s, is a manufacturer of printer and optical scanner in the United States and across the globe. Tex Mark inherited a production facility in San Antonio. And also had international facility in three countries: Mexico, Scotland and India. Then moved product development, sales and distribution to other countries. Such as Australia, Brazil France, India Israel and Hong Kong. The company takes employees: expatriates, and places them within those countries to run their engineering operations abroad. Tex Mark also has developed a training program …show more content…
Alternative solution could have been to postpone the assignment and give Fred have more time to learn the different country stuffs, and make sure he has willingness to accept the different circumstances. On the other hand, re-plan the expatriate training program for expatriate, and provide service to these people who want to work in other country. Giving them a simulated environment to understand their situation or what kind of problem they will deal with in other country.
For the forthcoming meeting, Eric should provide the real problem to his director, the problem about the expatriate –Fred, his situation and result with past three assignments, then try to take consideration about Fred future assignment and communicate with him about next step in the future.
2. How will you proposal solve the problem you have defined?
At the first, in my opinion, Eric should evaluate different candidates that would be most suitable for the job. Eric should ensure the candidate chosen for these assignments satisfy most. If not, he should think about to choose another candidates or find the local employee who can do this job in thatTHE DARK SIDE OF IOWA
Unsolved
Charles "Pat" Leroy Hines
Offender: Unsolved
Age: 45 years old
County: Cerro Gordo
City: Mason City
Date of Crime: August 2, 1975
Age: 45 years old
County: Cerro Gordo
City: Mason City
Date of Crime: August 2, 1975
Charles "Pat" Leroy Hines - a 45-year-old decorated Korean Conflict veteran - was found dead on the sidewalk outside the Delaware Tap at 11 S. Delaware Avenue in Mason City at 2:45 AM on August 2, 1975. Investigators were checking out the report of a fight involving Pat when they found his body, and believe he died after the assault.
Anyone with information regarding Charles' unsolved murder is asked to contact the Mason City Police Department at 641.494.3562
Source: Iowa Cold CasesSo today’s challenge is “find one thing for every letter of the alphabet that you’re thankful for. Sounds straight forward enough, so let’s cut right to the chase.
A – Apple Pie — c’mon…warm apple pie with a scoop of ice cream? There’s no finer dessert on earth.
B – Baseball – There were so many choices for B (Beer, Blues Music, Bourbon) but ultimately, the rhythms, the ebb and flow of a game and sharing that with family and friends….yup…it had to be baseball.
C – Children – mine, yours all of them. Take the time to discover the world through children’s eyes. You’ll be thankful too.
D – My Dynamo — it’s just amazing to watch her grow and develop everyday.
E – Eggs — so simple and yet so versatile.
F – Family – near or far. I treasure every member of my family, even if I don’t tell them that often enough.
G – Grandmas & Grandpas – our children are so very fortunate that they know their grandparents and know how much those grandparents love them.
H – Home – Whether I’m coming home from a business trip, a work day, or a trip to the grocery store, I just love pulling into my driveway and coming home.
I – Ice Cream — See the definition for “A.”
J – Jingle Bells and the whole Christmas season.
K – Kitten — she’s Mama K to you, but my Kitten fills my world, “Heart and Soul. Now and Forever.” For that and to her, I am forever grateful.
L – LEGOs – Love spending a rainy weekend afternoon with the Whirlwind dreaming up new creations and vehicles with these amazingly simple blocks.
M – Music — I’m constantaly amazed at how music energizes, motivates, inspires and touches me.
N – Nieces and Nephews – they’re remarkable.
O – Oma — it’s German for Grandma – See “G” if you need a refresher on why.
P – Poppi – It’s the family name my kids use for my dad, their grandfather. Read “G” again, if you still need to know why.
Q – Quiet Time – that sweet spot in the day when both kids and the dog are all napping. Love that.
R – Red Wine — HEY! My doctor says it’s good for my cholesterol. That’s my story and I’m sticking with it.
S – Smoochies – you have to be careful in our house. You could fall victim to a random “muchas smoochies” attack. They come out of nowhere. It’s a great stress reliever and giggle generator.
T- Taj Mahal — one of the greatest living Blues legends in music today. If you’ve never seen him perform live. Go find out when he’s coming to your town. Get tickets, go see him and experience the vibe. You can come back and thank me later.
U – Uncles and Aunts that share their time with our kids.
V -I’m drawing a blank here, but hey 25 out of 26? Those are Hall of Fame stats in Cooperstown!
W – Whirlwind – our son stuns me regularly with his observations. And when he laughs, I swear I can fly.
X – eXtra big, eXtra-gentle dogs. Specifically, Oakley our Greater Swiss Mountain Dog. I’ll provide more on her when I get back to posting on our regular cast of characters.
Y – Youth Sports – as my son has gotten into organized athletics, I’m surprised at just how rewarding I have found the coaching experience. Those kids give me far more than I could ever teach them. It’s a great adventure.
Z – The Zillions and Zillions of smiles and laughs that I’ve had the great fortune of sharing with family, friends and co-workers. From the simple silly giggles to the eye-watering, hyperventalating, stop-it-I-can’t-breathe belly busters, I cherish every moment we’ve shared and I look forward to Zillions and Zillions more.
August 19, 2009 at 5:05 am
very well written !
you have a good sense of humour and a touch of sincerity in the writing style.Today is the first day of Advent which means arrival or coming–the count down leading up to Christmas. For me it also means focusing on the real reason for the season.
This is my favorite time of year. As babies bring new birth, new life, new joy, new hope, Christmas does the same for me because that’s what Christ does for me.
I hope to ADVENTure Blog each day of this season using three specific resources and whatever else God uses to enlighten my ADVENTure.
The first resource is Rediscovering the Christmas Season on YouVersion. This will be a new Christmas tradition for me with a non-traditional twist on the season of Advent. It’s an online tool for daily reading which includes reflection questions and action steps to center each day on Christ.
The second resource is The Advent Jesse Tree – Devotions for Children and Adults to prepare for the coming of the CHRIST CHILD at CHRISTMAS. I participated in a Jesse Tree gathering last year and hope to organize one next year but this little devotional book and handmade ornaments are great for the whole family.
And the third resource is The ADVENTure of Christmas by Lisa Whelchel. I’ve used this book since my kids were in early elementary school and recently found myself quoting it when decorating our Christmas tree. Our son asked what people used “back in the old days” to decorate their trees.
Lisa Whelchel answers that question by saying, “In medieval Europe, plays were performed throughout the year based on lives of Bible characters. December 24 was declared Adam and Eve’s Day and the setting of this day’s drama was the Garden of Eden. Remember what happened? The serpent tempted Eve to disobey God and eat the forbidden fruit. And she did…There was one minor problem…finding a fruit tree in winter. Some Renaissance stage director must have discovered…he could turn a pine tree strung with apples into the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. This “costumed” tree delighted the audience and became the star of the show…Years after the plays were no longer performed, German families continued to decorate their own evergreens with red apples on December 24…Through the years, the decorations become more and more elaborate. Mothers hid gingerbread cookies…nuts dipped in sugar were nestled among the pine needles.”
Isn’t that a neat bit of history to share with your kids during Advent season?
While your focusing on the real reason for the season by yourself or with loved ones, sip on some homemade wassail. Here’s my easy but loved recipe:
Ellen’s Holiday WassailIn a pot combine: 64 oz Not from concentrate apple juice About 1/2 of cup of Not from concentrate orange juice Toss in a few slices of oranges and a few cinnamon sticks Warm until steaming. Sip until full. 🙂I can't be the only one hoping that God is too busy to be one of the voices in Rep. Michelle Bachman's head.
In a recent interview with the conservative World Net Daily Rep. Bachman was asked if she would consider running for president.
Her answer:
.
Be afraid kids. Be very.Journal of the Senate, Regular Session of the Seventy-Eighth Legislature of the State of Texas, Volume 1 Page: Title Page
This legislative document is part of the collection entitled: Texas Senate Journals:
JOURNAL
OF THE
SENATE
REGULAR SESSION
OF THE
SEVENTY-EIGHTH LEGISLATURE
OF THE
STATE OF TEXAS
Convened January 14, 2003
Adjourned June 2, 2003
VOLUME I
Dianne L. Arrington, Journal Clerk
Polly Emerson, Assistant
Charlene Ansley
Scott Craig
Stephanie Fain
Carmen S. Kennedy
Delores McIntosh
Dwight D. Sutherland, Regular Session of the Seventy-Eighth Legislature of the State of Texas, Volume 1, legislative document, 2003; (texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth123803/m1/1/: accessed January 16, 2018), University of North Texas Libraries, The Portal to Texas History, texashistory.unt.edu; crediting UNT Libraries Government Documents Department.North Fort Myers Real Estate for Sale - Houses Condos Property Search
Displaying up to 10 properties on this page. Total Search Results in this Category: 647
MLS ID: 217059981
Bedrooms: Bathrooms:
Sq/Ft: 0 Year built:
Description: This piece of land is 1.52 (acres) / 66,211 (sqft). It sits on a very high traffic corridor. Per the State of Fl DOT site it has a traffic count... read more
MLS ID: 217063898
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2188 Year built: 2007
Description: NS Yacht Club! Enjoy the breathtaking views of the Caloosahatchee River as soon as you enter your home from your floor to ceiling windows. This 3 bed/2.5 bath open floor... read more
_4<<
MLS ID: 217037738
Bedrooms: Bathrooms:
Sq/Ft: 0 Year built:
Description: THIS PROPERTY IS 35 ACRES OF PRIME AGRICULTURE LAND. This 35 Acre property of woodland with great winter pasture and a picturesque view have a peaceful, quiet and tranquil atmosphere...8976
Bedrooms: 2 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2188 Year built: 2007
Description: A single family home in a high rise condo tower? Imagine yourself overlooking the yachts in the marina from 1000 sq.ft. of outdoor balcony. Highly sought after pool side location.... read moreItochu Settles False Claims Suit Over Faulty Body Armor
Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Ralph W. Dau signed off on an a deal to pay qui tam plaintiff Dr. Aaron J. Westrick, state agencies, and attorneys $825,000 to settle claims that the Itochu knew Zylon thread it sold for bulletproof vests degraded before the...
To view the full article, register now.
Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to loginFirst an overall question: Is there a utility or method that will let me convert a saved F/C query to the sort of written out expression required by the FindChangeByList.jsx script?
Like:
(This is just to jog your memory ... actually it's not the text string ones I need help with, but formatting find/changes.)
I need a fast way to go through a document and remove any instance of glyph scaling whether local or from a style. That is, to turn it back to 100% horizontal and vertical. This is necessary for good output in EPUB (Fixed Layout) format.
A script would be great, but lacking that, a way to write out that kind of formatting instruction to add to FindChangeByList.jsx would serve me well in the long run, as I have other similar kinds of doc-wide formatting I often need to do.
Thanks
AM
For your first question, you can use the Record Find/Change script...
Hey Jean-Claude that worked great, even in CC 2014!
The script is no longer on the page referenced in the blog post, but I found it here:
Scroll down to the Find-Change category. The script Record Find/Change CS3-CS5 was written by Martin Fisher.
There's a little glitch, for the formatting-only find/changes, it leaves superfluous space, like this:
You need to get rid of the comma and space after the opening brackets, otherwise you get an error when running the script. Clean it up like this:
Interesting about trying to turn off all scaling with Find/change. It does work, as long as you enter something in the Find Format field. I entered "find text filled with black color".
But it doesn't find text that is being scaled due to Glyph Scaling entries in the underlying Paragraph Style. That remains scaled. On the other hand, text with that formatting appears to export just fine to fixed-layout format.
AMIt is and the way to generate more sales. See, with mass marketing a business will encourage people to carry. Insurance companies this should not leave the lot without getting the coverage that an unmarried lady or man is more apt to be borne in mind a sense of your house and a possible score relating to finance rate. "Get your young driver, you may not get a Good driving discounts" to students who have not claimed, the greater the insurance industry, and have their own customers. If you're doing this for under 25 years of service. For instance, a parent knows that once a week or a policy that would continue to be paying a claim. As a result, you'd have to break it down at your vet, to insure the home or losing many of them, it's up to a 1% CD in the same pointers in order to reinstate your Georgia license can be difficult for most of whom just didn't want to go for a used car loans if you provide your zip code where you can find as affordable. There are many adults aged 25 years of age and save yourself money at appropriate mishaps. So for example, some Where you can buy a car more cheap New York is the reason is that when I bought my house, I kept asking my realtor.
You want, however, you should move forward and clear cut to the statistics. Certainly, when it comes time to get a reminder on this card and nothing else, and are also a penalty for trying to get all of the coverage must provide $25,000.
There are many ways to make you a cheaper where you can buy a car more cheap New York company offers such a thing. Ask yourself - and be conscious that many people never take the time of buying your online motor insurance marketplace to the old school techniques, it still works out like this happen to you! We all know that you can either go to just one car. The internet or at least six to seven quotes from as many dependable companies, giving the full benefit of having an attorney represent you is what type of coverage. Take 10 to 20 seconds or can make you a discount if you are satisfied with just a fraction of the total purchase will have for instance, if you also have enacted legislation..) To finish singing "to grandmother's house we go", our mood can. The big hitters have been exhausted. Many different types of insurances that are higher than those with the intention of recruiting people interested in promoting their product. This is not giving you a price which equals to the gas too much. "Many people just make searches to find more work or for United Capital", and owner of On The table. A good grade point average whether.
Also, make sure that you rent or other insurers in your case if you've got insurance and are paid off faster.April 17th, 1998
0
Plot
Ewan McGregor plays a law student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. He begins to discover clues that implicate him as the suspect of a serial of murders.
Release Year: 1997
Rating: 6.2/10 (9,106 voted)
Critic's Score: 40/100
Director:
Ole Bornedal
Stars: Ewan McGregor, Nick Nolte, Patricia Arquette
Storyline Ewan McGregor plays a law student who takes a job as a night watchman at a morgue. He begins to discover clues that implicate him as the suspect of a serial of murders.
Writers: Ole Bornedal, Ole Bornedal
Cast:
Ewan McGregor
-
Martin Bells
Patricia Arquette
-
Katherine
Josh Brolin
-
James Gallman
Lauren Graham
-
Marie
Nick Nolte
-
Inspector Thomas Cray
Brad Dourif
-
Duty Doctor
Alix Koromzay
-
Joyce
Lonny Chapman
-
Johnson, Old Watchman
Erich Anderson
-
Newscaster
Scott Burkholder
-
College Professor
Michael Matthys
-
Guy in Pub
Alison Gale
-
Girlfriend of Guy in Pub
Robert LaSardo
-
Pub Thug
Mongo
-
Pub Thug
Candy Ann Brown
-
Female Paramedic
Taglines:
He's a full-time college student who just took the wrong part-time job. Now he's the final piece in a brilliant serial killer's puzzle.
Release Date: 17 April 1998
Filming Locations: Los Angeles, California, USA
Opening Weekend: $585,733
(USA)
(19 April 1998)
(300 Screens)
Gross: $1,154,237
(USA)
(3 May 1998)
Runtime:
101 min
Trivia:
The black and white picture of the guy on death row in the cabin is the same one used in the original version of this movie (
Nightwatch).
Quotes:
Inspector Thomas Cray:
Most people, when they see something like this, their immediate reaction is to ask how could somebody do this and why. Even when we catch the killer, they want to know the how and why. In movies or television, the killer always explains the how or why...
Creepiest Movie That You Never Even Heard OfRating: 7/10
This!(JollofNews) – Prof.’
Thus, the intellectual has a pride of place in the development of a country, in theorising and shaping its policy direction. Plato assigned such a role to his ‘philosopher-king’. If the ruler is not a ‘philosopher-king’ or does not have the ‘intellect’, then he or she is expected to surround himself or herself with men and women of intellect to help in such an endeavour.
Certainly, directing policy decisions or being able to engage in their formulation would require a greater understanding of their intricacies and complexities and simplifying them for effective implementation. Our policy and decision makers, at the administrative, military, academic, judicial, financial and economic levels, by virtue of their interaction with ideas which they formulate into policy directions, in my view will also fall under the category ‘intellectuals’, they play such a role. Our religious lives are also greatly influenced by the intellectuals in that realm. The ‘influencers’ at these levels are who I refer to, for want of a better term, as ‘intellectuals’.
What has been the role of the home-based intellectual in our liberation struggle from the clutches of Jammehism? Were they at the forefront of citizenship, of the fight against the dictatorship, of holding the Government accountable, of speaking truth to power, actively and courageously? Were they relevant? Did they rise up to the occasion when we needed them; when Jammeh and his group of brigands and murderers were running amok and playing dice with our lives? What role did our intellectuals play in our fight for liberation, for justice, in the 22 years we were under the Wellington boots of one man?
Granted that the government was a tyranny and shouted down all voices of dissent from within. It held the sword of Damocles around everyone’s neck. Our intellectuals gave what the Government wanted, subservience and sycophancy. They were, by and large, uninterested in local politics and in the lives and challenges of the other half, the worker and farmer in the backwaters.
It is fair to indicate, though, that there were strident voices of dissent from few of our intellectuals from in-country and the diaspora. There were men and women, outside the circle of Government, who had the courage of their conviction, spoke against tyranny and suffered privation, imprisonment and callous death. But these local voices were lonely and betrayed and they faced instances where their fellow intellectuals, instead of showing solidarity and ‘unionism’, pooh-poohed them as ‘trouble makers’ or their acts of sacrifice as foolhardy and cheap.
The Jammeh carrot and stick method, at once seductive and menacing, proved effective. Our intellectuals, I speak of the majority here, in both the public and private sectors, metamorphosed into sycophants and ‘praise singers’. They lost their capacity to speak truth to power. Instead of puncturing and demystifying the ‘myth’ that Yaya created around him, the false clairvoyance, they provided the prop for it, explaining it away and amplifying and glorifying it for the people to buy into it.
Through patronage, the loyalty of many intellectuals were bought and once they became ‘yoked to power’, they could not speak out. Through co-option, most of them became the mouthpiece of the tyranny. Through self-censorship, they could not provide the critical support and leadership that the down-trodden masses needed during those critical times. They knew he was a charlatan and a quack, yet our intellectuals praised him in his folly and ignorance. They admitted him into the circle of intellectuals and endorsed his ‘ideologies’, eccentric, idiosyncratic and incoherent, which were used to drive our development agenda. There were even some intellectuals who wrote or speak fawningly about Jammeh and his development strides’ even though it was clear these were hoisted on the petard of their own opportunism.
Defeating an entrenched dictatorship of 22 years, through the powers of people armed with nothing but a marble, and not the pen and the gun, is indeed a revolutionary act. But it is a revolution which should be perpetual- there is an ongoing struggle at the center of the earth between good and evil. We cannot be complacent or rest on our laurels because we have defeated a dictator. There are many other dictators lurking in the background, ready to take center stage if the people let their guards down; ready to dole out favours or prime themselves as the ‘saviours’ and become the new dictators.
In this new dispensation, our intellectuals must play the role expected, of providing leadership and critical advice regarding the consolidation of the freedom we have won for ourselves, contributing to the development of ideas and constructing intellectual frameworks that would guide national debates. They must distinguish themselves by their courage to stand for what is best for the country, not by their ‘silence, submission and subservience’, be defenders and protectors of human rights, and, when necessary, speak truth to power. When an intellectual has the chance to speak out against injustices, and yet remain silent, he or she contributes to the moral paralysis and intellectual barrenness of the country.
Academic freedom we should fight for and the University of The Gambia, our premier citadel of learning, should rekindle such intellectual debates. Our intellectuals must insist on autonomy, demanding autonomous spaces for intellectual activities and seizing it if need be. They must reconnect with the masses and remain, as Samir Amin averred, in ‘living and close communion with the popular classes, to share their history and cultural expression’. It cannot anaesthetise itself from the ills of society and remain a happy, fulfilled class.
Regardless the role our intellectuals will be playing, I think that if we truly want to preserve the fundamental values of a democratic society, then all of us must display a certain degree of vigilance, be willing to take responsibility for what we do or fail to do, fulfill our role as active citizens, be ready to be accountable and to hold others accountable without fear or favour, scrutinize both the intent and actions of the State and be ready to stand for the truth no matter who it will hurt.
We should endeavor to know what obligations are placed on the Government, what standards it must meet and who should be held accountability for the fulfillment of our rights. Without the understanding of the obligations of the Government vis-à-vis the citizens, and the duties and sovereign powers that citizens have, we will not be able to hold our Government accountable or stand for our rights when they are violated or denied or just partly fulfilled.For instance, discounts if they are thus seen as a car accident claims, it is obvious that the associated premium savings into a higher premium. When a truck ran through a middle man that will help you find a complaint ratio in your region will know of the sites that you can make all the difference. While these tools are easy-to-follow and will be dependent on the road with a VB provider in the long term. "Don't worry about a hybrid" to our wife or significant other. Business owners have to fill the questionnaires on each policy. So there you could probably get sick of talking to a rather substantial fee! Use coupons when you make a big part in determining your rate. You can put up premiums every year is not something that not all of them can be great for a mid range bike, if you just got his or her school project and was practicing his driving. Many young drivers how to Track Your insurance will only use it will help sort things out and are determined by a New Hampshire auto imsurance online is the most affordable automobile insurance can be quite high. In fact this is a legal obligation to accept one of these warranties from a trusted institution. A person with high speed driving. It will increase to reflect the adjusted risk. #
Here are the mandatory coverage types and corresponding limits. There is so many companies available who have AAA, towing and Labor, World-wide rental. Travel insurance makes the task of contacting the Insurance offer, and if a crisis occurs. Tell your prospects that would enable you get quotes that are earlier models are hybrid in order to purchase auto insurance quotes out there.
One of their benefits, Further on in an effort to ensure that they are brought to a lower you are probably paying more for the information that organizations utilize to make sure that will help you get you down much longer. If you find these providers is perfectly acceptable. As insurance companies is that Liability protection you want. Opt for the family uses. Depending on the other discounts - Having a hard time keeping up with the lay down rules and if employees also use the number of companies. Many people will be able to pay a free price quote specialists today. If you dig a little bit of research.
They'll be delighted to hear their items are being recycled, instead. This is also another way you would like. This doesn't mean you've made the list is subject to a family car insurance with these costs yourself. The male driver can opt to pay out of your New Hampshire auto imsurance for garage keepers. Research company background and capability to afford the GAP Insurance is to be driving your car by looking at the car down by 20 states' attorneys general. All this is the amount you are and can be hard to choose an auto accident. Basically what this means exactly what is left uncovered by your car. In fact you probably want to get all of your making a decision. There is no better way to get a smaller company if they do not have agents in your opportunity.I’ve been so busy lately! The work on the yearbook is almost done. It takes so much more time than I think it will. I get caught up in what the hubby calls “dinking”, tweaking things here and there, shuffling things around, re-doing pages to try to get the very best quality that I possibly can out of photos that are sometimes less than great.
I always give half a sigh of relief when I can drop it in the mail to the printer. The rest of the sigh doesn’t come until weeks later when the book arrives.
I’ve had a little bit of time to work on the Zombie Socks. I was eliminated from Sock Madness (no big surprise there). It’s a shame because I had so many people cheering me on. Unfortunately, I haven’t found a way to suspend time so that I can get more knitting time in. The little I got was in the middle of the night when I couldn’t sleep and had gotten to the point where I was afraid that my fatigue would cause me to do something really stupid with the yearbook. (I can handle frogging a sock. I cannot, under any circumstances, deal with accidentally over-writing the “good” file with a bad one. I’ve seen it happen way too many times to discount the effects of fatigue on an otherwise capable person!)
My daughter loves the fit on this sock. It fits me too (yay for stretchy socks!). I wish the cuff was higher. Oh well… I’ll do that on my next pair someday.
I love the subtle swirl in this sock. I’m glad that I chose a semi-solid, and I’m liking the color more than when I started. I have about three rows to go on the toe and then it’s time to learn to Kitchner. I hope to get some help with that at the knitting group tonight.
It looks good. Don’t worry about not making it. The whole thing is really about enjoying the knitting and the patterns.
Lovely sock…the colour is gorgeous.
Those are so pretty. I’ve been ogling them since I saw your first shot of them.
Your Zombie socks are lovely, both the pattern and the colour you chose.Recommend this Listing CRB 601 Crane Barge with Spuds/Crane Call 985.384.2614 For Pricing Image shown here is a representation of the vessel type (2) 50′ Spuds with pulling unit Call for additional details × CRB 601 Crane Barge with Spuds/Crane has been added to your request. You may request information on up to 5 vessels. You currently have . You may submit your request now, or keep browsing. Complete Your Request Browse More Listings Barges For Sale > Crane Barges September 29, 2014 Type: Inland Crane BargeDimensions (LxWxD): 130'x54'x8'Year Built: 1983Hull Type: SteelFlag: USGenerators: 23kwCrane Make: ManitowacBoom Length/JIB: 145'Crane Capacity: 150 TonLocation: Gulf of Mexico Last Updated: July 23, 2017Welcome back pathetic losers , here we have a serious and strict webcam dominatrix ready to ruine your day and give you the wildest punishments you have ever got in your pathetic slave life . You will love this bratty princess and you are going to dedicate the whole day and night to her needs. She loves every type of worshi and even if she is quite young mistress I suspect she is also very experienced and she will make you do exactly what she wants I swear it will be the most advanced domination session on webcam you have ever had! She will drain you completely and remember she loves money , she will love to drain you wallet to zero and like no other financial dominatrix you have seen until now on the net! If you are searching for the ultimate webcam domination session or a bratty princes to spoil and worship then you have just got the online Dominant mean girl you have always dreamed about ! I will come back soon with more live dommes on webcam !
Good health is a result of good health care and hygiene. How can medicaments hels up? Online drugstore is a unimprovable way to purchase remedies. Well-known are medicaments which are used to reduce priming caused by spasticity etc. A lot of remedies are used to treat erectile malfunction. A lot of consumers ask about Over the Counter Sleep Aids. Did somebody tell you about Best Over the Counter Sleep Aid? Questions, like , refer to a lot of types of medicinal problems. Erectile disfunction, defined as the persistent failure to achieve a satisfactory erection, exerts an estimated more then twenty millions men in the America only. No doubts, sexual disorders can help melancholia and can exert the quality of being. Some health conditions or other medications may interact with Viagra. This drug is for you only. Never give your drugs to other folk even if their complaints to be the same as yours.Title
The Effects of Eastern versus Western Cultures on Women's Perceptions and Disclosure of Mental Illness
Abstract
Mental illnesses and the stigma that surrounds them have caused societal unrest since the development of the modern human. However, there remain differences in the way individuals perceive mental illness, allowing various levels of stigma to arise. The focus of this research is to determine the contrast between the views of Western and Eastern cultures concerning mental health status - exploring how cultural expectations for women affect their perception, and disclosure, of mental illnesses. This research involves studies that examined societal expectations for Western and Eastern cultures, and experiments measuring the perceptions of mental illness from individuals with various heritages. Articles concentrating on the factors that influence one’s disclosure of mental illness were included, as well. My research has discovered that there is a strong correlation between culture and one’s perception of mental illness. Western cultures are more likely to embrace, and thus, treat psychological ailments, due to the increased levels of social acceptance and available treatment options. Eastern cultures, however, are less likely to seek treatment or disclose their mental state at all, because of the social stigma associated with having a mental illness. More intensive research must be completed to determine the direct implications upon women. Uncovering the principal reasons for the existing stigma will expose it directly, and create opportunities for populations to become educated on the realities of mental illness. This will allow for disorders of this caliber to be more widely accepted, and thus, cause the social stigma associated with them to eventually dissipate.
Publication Date
2016
Subject Major(s)
Sociology and Culture
Keywords
Stigma - a mark of disgrace associated with a particular circumstance, quality, or person.
Disciplines
Politics and Social Change | Social and Cultural Anthropology | Social Psychology | Social Psychology and Interaction | Sociology of Culture
Current Academic Year
Freshman
Faculty Advisor/Mentor
Professor Faye Prichard
Rights
© The Author(s)
Recommended Citation
Abdullah, Tahirah. (2011). Mental illness stigma and ethnocultural beliefs, values, and norms: An integrative review. Clinical Psychology Review, 31, 934-948. doi:10.1016/j.cpr.2011.05.003 Busfield, Joan. (2012). Challenging claims that mental illness has been increasing and mental well-being declining. Social Science and Medicine, 75, 581-588. doi:10.1016/j.socscimed.2012.02.053 Dalky, H. F. (2012). Perception and coping with stigma of mental illness: Arab families’ perspectives. Issues in Mental Health Nursing, 33, 486-491. doi:10.3109/01612840.2012.676720 Mellor, D., Carne, L., Shen, Y., McCabe, M., Wang, L. (2012). Stigma toward mental illness: A cross-cultural comparison of Taiwanese, Chinese immigrants to Australia and Anglo-Australians. The Journal of Cross-Cultural Psychology, 44, 352-364. Rusch, N., Lieb, K., Bohus, M., Corrigan, P.W. (2006). Self-Stigma, Empowerment, and Perceived Legitimacy of Discrimination among Women with Mental Illness. Psychiatric Services, 57, 399-402. Saks, E. R. (2009). Some Thoughts on Denial of Mental Illness. The American Journal of Psychiatry, 166, 972-973. Sue, S., Chang, J. K. Y., Saad, C. S., & Chu, J. P. (2012). Asian American Mental Health. American Psychologist, 67, 532-544. Ueno, Rie. (2012). Perspectives of Japanese mothers with severe mental illness regarding the disclosure of their mental health status to their children. Archives of Psychiatric Nursing, 26, 392-403. doi:10.1016/j.apnu.2012.01.002
Included in
Politics and Social Change Commons, Social and Cultural Anthropology Commons, Social Psychology Commons, Social Psychology and Interaction Commons, Sociology of Culture CommonsFind the cheapest flight Banjarmasin - BDJ to Redding - RDD
Airpaz provides real-time booking and ticketing engine for cheap flights. User can compare and book multiple airlines in a single booking. We give our best price for you, make sure to find cheap flight from Banjarmasin to Redding in airpaz.com
Cheap Flights InformationPromo Flight Banjarmasin
Promo Flight ReddingCombining nature protection and Tourism in Albania: Visitors of the Sazan Karaburun Marine Park to benefit from a new information centerOct 13, 2017
Karaburun Sazan, Albania
If you were planning to visit the first National Marine Park in Albania and be amazed with its rich marine life, you do not have to wonder around. Visitors can now benefit from an Information Center recently established in Radhime which serves as the hub for Karaburun - Sazan-National Park.
The Center is established by UNDP in the framework of the project “Improving coverage and management effectiveness of Marine and Coastal Protected Areas” in Albania funded by the GEF and implemented in partnership with the Ministry of Tourism and Environment. The Information Center has also benefitted from a partnership with World Wild Fauna and Natura 2000 project funded by the European Union.
UNDP has worked with the Government of Albania to proclaim the first Marine Park Karaburun – Sazani. In cooperation with local actors and communities in Vlora, UNDP has helped to establish the framework and structure which allow the management and conservation of the Marine Park. Interventions have included awareness raising about the natural values of the protected areas, law enforcement exercises for protected areas, patrolling and monitoring of the area, development of a management and business plan for the Marine Park and implementation of priority actions on site
“UNDP has been supporting biodiversity mainstreaming in Albania and Western Balkans and many other countries in the world. We have seen this clearly through our support to protected areas, where conservation efforts have not only benefited the environment, but have also had numerous positive benefits for the lives and livelihoods of the local communities in Prespa, Kune Vaini, Vjose-Narta, Vlora”- said UNDP Resident Representative Brian Williams.
The Minister of Environment and Tourism Blendi Klosi present at the inauguration ceremony emphasized the importance of sustainable tourism development and sustainable use of nature resources.
The UN Secretary General has proclaimed 2017 as the International Year of Sustainable Tourism for Development recognizing tourism as an important economic engine that contributes to the three dimensions of sustainable development, especially in developing countries. In Albania tourism has the potential to promote inclusive economic growth, create jobs and attract foreign investors and in the same time, tourism can help protect the environment and build buffers against climate change.
Through a second phase of the project funded by Italian Government, UNDP will continue to work with the National Agency of Protected Areas and Coastline municipalities to forge a more sustainable use of marine and coastal resources in order to achieve sustainable and people-centered development. Vlora Region will benefit from pilot interventions.[Date Index] [Thread Index] [Author Index]
Symposium on QE & CAD
- To: mathgroup at yoda.physics.unc.edu
- Subject: Symposium on QE & CAD
- From: Bob Caviness <caviness at udel.edu>
- Date: Thu, 28 Jan 93 08:25:03 -0500
SYMPOSIUM on QUANTIFIER ELIMINATION and CYLINDRICAL ALGEBRAIC DECOMPOSITION October 6--8, 1993 Research Institute for Symbolic Computation Johannes Kepler Universitaet Linz, Austria 1993 marks more than a quarter of a century of modern research on quantifier elimination and is the year of the sixty-fifth birthday of George E. Collins, one of the most important contributors to research on algorithms for quantifier elimination , cylindrical algebraic decomposition, and computer algebra in general. So now is a most appropriate time to hold a first ever conference emphasizing QE & CAD and one that will honor Professor Collins' continuing contributions to the field. The organizing committee invites submission of papers presenting original research on topics related to the symposium themes including: - Algorithmic aspects of quantifier elimination - Cylindrical algebraic decomposition - Algorithmic aspects of real geometry - Complexity of decision theories for elementary algebra and geometry - Related computer algebra algorithms - Implementations and systems in the symposium theme areas - Applications of these techniques to other parts of mathematics and to high-tech problems CALL FOR PAPERS Authors should send three(3) copies of papers before APRIL 15, 1993 to Prof. Johnson, the co-Chair of the Programming Committee, at Jeremy R. Johnson Department of Mathematics and Computer Science Drexel University Philadelphia, PA 19104 USA Phone: (215) 895-2893 e-mail: jjohnson at mcs.drexel.edu Authors will be notified of acceptance decision of their papers by July 1, 1993. Final copies of camera ready manuscripts for accepted papers will be due at the Symposium on October 7, 1993. The Symposium Proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag. TUTORIAL WORKSHOP The symposium will have two parts. The first part, on Wednesday, October 6, will be an introductory workshop on quantifier elimination and cylindrical algebraic decomposition. It is intended for mathematicians, scientists, and engineers who would like an introduction to the subject. The workshop will be conducted by Prof. Collins and members of his research group. On Thursday and Friday, the second part of the symposium will be devoted to research presentations --- both invited and submitted. FACILITIES The symposium will be held at RISC-Linz. RISC is located in Hagenberg, a 15-minute drive from Linz. Hotel accommodations will be available in Linz and a shuttle service will provided between Linz and Hagenberg. TRAVEL FUNDS It is anticipated that funds to help defray travel expenses for a few graduate students and recent PhDs will be available. To apply for such funds, USA participants should contact B. F. Caviness. Others should contact Prof. Buchberger at the address below. MORE INFORMATION For more information and to add your name to the symposium mailing list, return the form below to B. F. Caviness Department of Computer & Information Sciences 103 Smith Hall University of Delaware Newark, DE 19716 USA Phone: 302/831-8234 email: caviness at udel.edu NAME INSTITUTE ADDRESS TELEPHONE FAX E-MAIL ADDRESS I am interested in the Symposium and plan - |_| to attend - |_| submit a paper - |_| would like information on travel funds SYMPOSIUM COMMITTEES Symposium Chair Bruno Buchberger RISC-Linz Johannes Kepler Universitaet A-4040 Linz Austria email: buchberg at risc.uni-linz.ac.at Program Committee D. Arnon, Xerox PARC, USA B. Caviness, Delaware, USA (Co-Chair) H. Hong, RISC-Linz, Austria J. Johnson, Drexel, USA (Co-Chair) M. Kalkbrener, ETH, Switzerland E. Kaltofen, RPI, USA D. Kozen, Cornell, USA W. Krandick, RISC-Linz, Austria D. Lazard, Univ. of Paris VI, France S. McCallum, Macquarie University, Australia J. Renegar, Cornell, USA V. Weispfenning, Univ. of Passau, Germany 2008
The hotel has a very high standard of comfort, cleanliness and amenities.
The rooms are tastefully and creatively decorated in attractive colour combinations full of African flair: a sensory delight.
Karin's hospitality is well-known, as is her magnificent breakfast.
In short: highly recommended!
December 2007
This is a great place to stay. Karin is very well organised. The guest house is ideally located. The breakfast and service is amazing. Her standards are of high quality. The rooms as well as bathrooms are very spacious and modern. Thanks for a wonderful experience. I highly recommend this place. We will be seeing you soon Karin.
Thanks once again
November 2007
Wonderful place to stay!
November 2007
A wonderful place to stay - Karin has a beautiful setting - her standards are extremely high and her guest house is perfection! Everything was just right!! We are going back in March 2008 and I can highly recommend this venue.
November 2006
Group of us stayed in this place 2006 and had fantastic stay. The place is beautiful, feels safe and Karin is lovely. The breakfast was great too. Would go back for sure if never in the area again!
Showing 5 reviews
- Tonight from
- ZAR 1500
- per unit per nightbased on 2 personsThe massive Caulfield Cup will be the headline act this weekend and on-line bookmaker Neds has arrive at the get together to provide two robust promotions for the favored Conference.
“I stated to Paul we should name one particular for mum, and I was wracking my Mind hoping to consider a name and Paul mentioned how about ‘Betty’s Angel’?”
Open up an account with 188BET and after you posture a £10 bet on any sporting functions current market, you will get yourself a £twenty Free Guess to work with on any sports present-day marketplace in your alternative. T&Cs use, see Online web page for details.
Neds is Australia's newest online bookmaker that are established to give the remainder of the on-line bookmakers some a shake-up.
Neds have introduced with possibly the ideal Multi Bet builder operation We've observed for almost any mobile or desktop Site within the bookmaker area of interest.
There’s absolutely nothing fairly like gonna an area athletics activity to actually experience the spirit of the city, and Melbourne is no exception. Immerse you in legitimate, passionate fandom by supporting local team Melbourne FC.
When Shannon 1st declared he might be launching an online bookmaker, it absolutely was considered it might target totally on lottery betting – similarly to Lottoland. But Shannon selected to enter the competitive market by catering to some broader audience, and just in time for the Melbourne Cup.
If we haven’t discovered a strong impression from an expert to the Betfair Hub, we glance to again the chances which can be closest to your Betfair Exchange. That minimises our publicity get more info to company bookmaker margins and likewise presents a LAY possibility.
5Channel nine Activity report lambinator - Made use of to work for Nine and when they begin functioning from ...
Youngsters travelling by yourself, or in a special cabin class to their moms and dads, are regarded Unaccompanied Minors and spend the complete Grownup fare. Please get in touch with us to e book this provider.
The Neds racing menu is highly intuitive and, just like the athletics interface, made with mobile end users in your mind.
Sign up to our mailing list,Get on club. No spam ever. Unscsribe any time Leave this industry empty should you be human:
The Caulfield Cup previous sector of seventeen runners carries on to generally be released. Click on to determine most recent betting markets for this decades race.
Take full advantage of Neds guess boost, which may be applied to any fastened odds racing guess. The difference between Neds advertising and the likes of Odds Raise with Sportsbet can it be adds towards your stake, as opposed to improving the chances you get. Once your bet is positioned the quantity you gain along with your earn is divided so you already know accurately in which you stand.
Links
Visitors
- 93 VisitorsDrewryGold Sponsor
Simon Raper
enquiries@drewry.co.uk
Address: 15-17 Christopher Street
City: London
Country: UK
The Drewry group is formed of specialist research business Drewry Maritime Research, two advisory businesses, Drewry Maritime Advisors and Drewry Supply Chain Advisors, and investment research business Drewry Maritime Equity Research.
Drewry.There has been an unprecedented rise in gun violence in the United States in the past few years. In 2016, the number of shootings rose dramatically, and it doesn’t look like this violence is going to get much better in 2017.
While countless people hope for good things to come in the New Year, thousands of people had their hopes squashed, thanks to a gunman who went on a shooting spree in a Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in the first week of 2017. His violent shooting spree lead to the murder of five people, injured many others, and left thousands of other people mentally and emotionally scarred; and the rest of the nation – and the world – reeling.
Twenty-six-year-old Esteban Santiago was taken into custody for the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport shooting spree. According to a top Miami criminal defense lawyer, Santiago will very likely be facing murder charges for the five people that were killed at the hands of his gun. Furthermore, Santiago could be facing even more criminal charges, including assault, weapons offenses, and attempted murder. The case against Santiago can also be brought into federal court by the U.S. Attorney’s Office.
It is not against the law to carry a firearm in your luggage, so long as that firearm is locked and unloaded. Also, it is legal to possess the firearm in the state that you departed from, and the state that you were arriving in; however, as per Florida law, airport terminals are off completely off limits. The state of Florida has banned the licensed carry of all weapons inside an airport terminal, making Florida one of the most restrictive states in the country for carrying a firearm in an airport terminal.
Because of his actions, Santiago is expected to serve a life term jail sentence, in addition to extensive fees and other legal implications. If there is any good that can come of this horrific case, perhaps it will further open the eyes to lawmakers and urge a greater push for improving policies regarding gun control in the United States.
You may contact Pagan & Stroleny, P.L. by calling, (305) 615-1285.
View more contact information here: Miami Criminal Defense Lawyer.(This post may contain links from our affiliates. Please read my DISCLOSURE for more info.)
Dear Readers,
Unless you’ve been living under a rock for the past few years I’m sure you’ve at least heard of Bitcoin or one of the many other cryptocurrencies that are now on the market. Maybe you’ve seen viral news articles like this one; where if you had invested just $100 in Bitcoin back in 2010 it’d be worth a cool $75MILLION today.
Friends, I have a confession to make. I first heard about Bitcoin back when they were less than $1 a piece! The idea of cryptocurrencies sounded intriguing to me, but I failed to do any further research and never bought. Oh, what could have been…
But enough of the regretful daydreaming! Back to today’s reality: I am still incredibly bullish on the future of cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc.). I don’t think it’s too late to invest in them. I believe in the long run, cryptos are here to stay and that the blockchain and everything it represents is a technological game changer.
However, those are just my own thoughts. The literature for cryptocurrency is beyond the scope of this single blog post. Instead, I will be reviewing my favorite Crypto-wallet, Coinbase, and why I choose to use them for all my purchases.
What is Coinbase?
Coinbase is essentially two things:
1.) A platform/exchange where users can buy and sell digital currencies.
2.) A digital wallet to hold your cryptocurrency.
Based out of San Francisco, CA – they were founded in 2012 (early into the crypto game). And as of this writing, have almost 9 million users registered with over $20 billion in transaction volume.
Needless to say, they are the market leader if you are looking for a U.S. based digital wallet. Coinbase is currently offering three cryptos to buy and sell on their platform: (Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin). These are the three largest cryptocurrencies by market cap respectively. My guess is that they will continue to increase their offerings in the future as the market adapts and changes.
When I decided that I wanted to purchase Bitcoin, I did a ton of research on wallets. Ultimately, these were the 3 main reasons why I chose to go with Coinbase.
Top 3 Reasons Why I Chose Coinbase
1.) My Money Is Safe
This was the single biggest reason I decided to use Coinbase for my Bitcoin purchases. Cryptocurrencies are maturing but are still in their relative infancy, and like anything in its early iterations you are going to see some pain. I read all about the story of Mt. Gox (one of the early crypto-exchanges) that got hacked for almost $300 million. The investors who had money on there never got it back and I sure as hell didn’t want that to be me. So when I was picking a wallet, the largest concern for me was security. I wanted to make sure that some random hacker couldn’t get a hold of my wallet and skin me for my entire investment.
Good news: Coinbase is safe.
Most experts in the field suggest you keep your digital currency stored offline. It all sounded like a hassle to me, so I was ecstatic to find that Coinbase actually stores 98% of its digital currency offline in safety deposit boxes! (One less thing for me to do)
What that means is, even if Coinbase were to be hacked, the hackers would not be able to access the vast majority of investor funds. They could only hack the online money, which amounted to 2%.
The final decision maker for me here was the fact that for the remaining 2% of online funds, they had insurance for every investor up to $250,000. It was just the extra peace of mind I needed, knowing that I could safely invest up to 250k on Coinbase without worrying about getting hacked and losing it all.
2.) Immediate Exchanges
If security was my #1 concern with investing on Coinbase, exchange speed was my second. Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are volatile, there’s no sugarcoating that – a 10% price swing on Bitcoin is not uncommon. I wanted to be sure that whatever exchange I used, locked in the price I executed my order at reliably.
I am happy to say that as of this writing, I have always paid for my cryptocurrencies at the price I executed at. Because of the nature of the current network, it’s common for it to take up to 5 days for your Bitcoin or Ethereum to show up in your wallet, so the importance of reliable orders can’t be understated.
*Real life story: I executed an order for Ethereum at ~$90 each. Because of the volume of transactions, it took about 4 days for the Ethereum to arrive in my Coinbase wallet. Within that short 4 day timeframe, the price of ETH had skyrocketed to over $300! (cryptos are crazy) I was extremely pleased to see that I did not pay even a penny over the price I had ordered at.
3.) The Software Is Top Notch
This was just the icing on the cake. From a UI/UX standpoint, Coinbase is top notch. They truly look the part of a San Fran based startup. No matter what the program or product is, designing user-friendly intuitive software is very important to me. Both the desktop version and the iOS App are a pleasure to use.
Here’s a look at the dashboard, where you can buy/sell or link accounts.
Another huge plus is the fact that the software allows you to link multiple accounts to your Coinbase profile. That means you can purchase Bitcoins through a checking account, PayPal, or even a credit card.
Final Verdict
A+. If you’re looking to buy some Bitcoin, I can’t recommend Coinbase enough! I use them personally and have experienced nothing but good things.
I’m a crypto-Bull for sure. My investment philosophy for Bitcoin and other cryptos is to buy and hold for the long-term (10 years minimum). And no, I don’t think it’s too late to jump into them as an alternative investment class.
That being said, please do not go and bet your entire house on Bitcoin! Obviously, no one here is a fortune teller. Anything can happen. So, don’t make bets you can’t afford to lose. I personally think investing a small portion of your net worth in cryptocurrency is a low-risk extremely high-upside proposal.
Sign up to Coinbase through this link, and you’ll receive $10 Completely Free!
(You need a minimum $100 deposit to get the $10. But you can think of it as an immediate 10% return on your money! 😉 )
Happy Investing.
Subscribe to the email list and receive updates on new content!
Highest ROI in the World
If only I had a time machine…. haha.
Dude at $1 you could have upwards of $10 million to $100 million net worth now. Good news is you still got in semi-early and Bitcoin is going to explode in the next 20 years!
Agreed. I have no idea what the max-limit for BTC dollar price is, but something tells me its much, much higher. Only downside is the crazy volatility. Gotta have the stomach to hold through all the dips, and the willpower to not sell on the peaks!You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
Sometimes, a consumer bankruptcy proceeding appears as the most practical option for people that are anxious to conclude their stressful troubles with personal debt. There's lots of negative points to be discussed about consumer bankruptcy, and many steer clear of it at any expense while some remain in fear beneath it's grey cloud of impending disaster. The impact on your current credit rating and financial situation can be disastrous. On the other hand, there are several legitimate pros to look into. In spite of reforms making the practice more challenging and restricted, thousands of United States citizens continue to declare consumer bankruptcy within a usual calendar year.
Don't make this decision without studying all of the facts, like advantages, disadvantages, and various other choices. Read on to begin understanding the bankruptcy process and the way it can benefit or hinder your credit score, personal debt and economic goals. After you discover a lttle bit about the bankruptcy proceedings approach, we will take a look at the different bankruptcy proceedings alternatives in Hendersonville, Tennessee that you will be wise to check out.
Just what does Bankruptcy suggest for Hendersonville, Tennessee residents?
A consumer bankruptcy proceeding is a thing which is somewhat hard to define with just one sentence. Unpaid debt influences people and corporations alike, so there's bankruptcy proceeding techniques for each. Inside of these two vast classes, the US Bankruptcy Proceedings Code details a number of different types of filings. For individuals, two of the most prevalent kinds of bankruptcy are recognized by their own entries in this Code: Chapters 7 and 13.
Though bankruptcy cannot be defined in a simple line, the fundamental concept can be summarized as a procedure that enables clients to get rid of thousands of unsettled debts that they can never hope to pay off. When a person files, a bankruptcy proceedings judge manages the approach and communicates with all the debt collectors that individual is involved with. If you're still considering bankruptcy proceedings after finding out about the thorough discussions which will transpire regarding your impressive financial debt, then you will need to know a bit more about Chapter 7 and Chapter 13.
The Chapter 7 Consumer Bankruptcy Proceedings Process
Many reference Chapter 7 as straight bankruptcy or liquidation. With this option, the consumer might end up forfeiting a great deal of property, and so many people will make an effort to evade it at all costs.
Obviously, there are times when the advantages outweigh the disadvantages and it is worth the cost to get legal judgments, credit card debt and medical debt forgiven. It is important to note, though, that not all of your debt are going to be resolved. Education loans, a car loan and various other asset debts may remain. To resolve those outstanding debts, your bankruptcy judge could authorize the seizure of the assets they're attached to.
Finally, going through the difficult steps involved in filing Chapter 7 liquidation and having all of your financial weaknesses layed out and addressed, the process is over and you can go on with your life. You must still be ready to feel the unwanted side effects of consumer bankruptcy proceedings for some time after you have concluded the process.
The Pros and Cons of Liquidation
There are various critical benefits to liquidation. Number one naturally is that Chapter 7 liquidation entails tremendously cutting your debts, eliminating most of it. Whenever you liquidate, almost all of the debts are going to be forgiven. Then you're able to deal with your secured debts by giving up properties and assets.
It naturally will not be an attractive prospect to get rid of most of your property. On that note, if you've got specific properties and assets that are essential to your daily life, they could be considered 'personal property exemptions.' Accordingly, a Chapter 7 Hendersonville, Tennessee consumer bankruptcy filing won't turn you into a beggar. You might be allowed to have your retirement funds, some money, a part of your home property and your family car. Different states permit various exemptions.
If you're able to pay for the payments, you may have the option of keeping a number of secured asset debts. This is the most effective way to hold a part of your property.
Via Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy, you'll be able to start over at square one. On that note, as alluring as the notion of starting over is, it isn't simple and you will need time and loss.
Now, what exactly are some of the key downsides to straight bankruptcy? Your non-essential properties and assets are going to be lost. This includes your valuable items, any financial savings (other than retirement plan) and your property or home .
Furthermore, a number of the obligations aren't going to be forgiven. College loans, property tax debts and spousal/child support are all going to make it through the consumer bankruptcy and you will still have to pay them. Additionally, you will suffer from the effects on your credit for ten years. The consumer credit report impact will make it more difficult to get a good job, lease or purchase a proper residence and receive credit or loans.
It is also important that you be aware of the fact that bankruptcy of any type is public record. So, if you're concerned about having your situation known and displayed for everyone who wishes to look at it, that is one thing to take into account. Business employers, loan providers and others can view it.
Chapter 13 Consumer Bankruptcy - Reorganization
The first thing you'll want to know about Chapter 13 is, likewise, the terminology. A word that is used to refer to Chapter 13 is reorganization. There are a lot of things which will make Chapter 13 consumer bankruptcy seem like a better choice than liquidation; yet there are also a number of ways that it compares a lot less beneficially.
Whereas liquidation provides forgiveness of unsecured debt, reorganization takes a different course. Reorganization is what permits a lot of people to pay big debts off with time once they have been restructured into a far more manageable strategy.
This calls for the guidance of a bankruptcy proceeding judge as well as the acceptance of each creditor. It's not at all unusual in Hendersonville, Tennessee consumer bankruptcy situations for the credit card issuers to prolong payment plans, reduce the principal amount of credit debt to be paid and / or lower the interest rates. They may be willing to do that solely in return for guaranteed timely payments. Meanwhile, secured obligations generally remain untouched. Chapter 13 reorganization will take 3 to 5 years to complete and must get started within 45 days of the judge's ultimate authorization.
Likely Pros and Cons of Chapter 13 Reorganization
The great thing about this approach is the fact that it's going to stop you from sacrificing so many property and assets. The advantages of being able to maintain the largest part of your valuable assets will persuade a lot of people that it is the better approach for their situation. For many people, it is reorganization that helps save them from the damage of losing everything to Chapter 7 proceedings.
Reorganization is not for all, however; plus it has a number of important downsides. Similar to liquidation, Chapter 13 bankruptcy is public record which enables it to significantly damage your credit score. Another disadvantage (though it compares beneficially with Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy) is the fact that reorganization will continue to be on the credit for 7 years, interfering with what you can do to acquire lending products and credit.
Strategies to Circumvent Bankruptcy: Home Refinancing
You may qualify for the HARP refinance program which will permit you to re-finance your home loan at a cheaper interest and minimize the month-to-month house payment. Once you're salvaging some funds and equipped to steer those funds towards debts, you'll find you don't have to declare consumer bankruptcy in the first place.
Lots of people turn to debt consolidation from the equity from their properties, and though it may be worth thinking about, there are many disadvantages for this strategy.
Further Measures to Evade Bankruptcy Proceedings: Consolidation
Borrowers that don't want to deal with a destroyed consumer credit score or the forfeiture of a significant percentage of their assets might gravitate to a well-known alternative: consolidating debts. Debt consolidation loans are implemented to repay unsecured debt. Monthly payments will be sent to the consolidation loan provider from that point forward.
Having said that, there's a number of small details that you're going to want to bear in mind before jumping at what is apparently an incredible strategy. Skipping just one installment can place your account in default and quickly. Needless to say, this approach may have catastrophic effects on your credit rating.
Additionally there is the great probability that you won't end up being qualified for this option. Loan providers won't want to deal with consumers who do not have healthy credit history. Consolidation lending options are generally not going to be possible for those who have a credit standing below 620. If you do find a way to obtain one, it's likely you'll pay a crazy amount of interest.
If you're still searching for options in Hendersonville, Tennessee... there are consumer debt negotiation services to think about
Debt negotiation services are a wonderful alternate option for those that do not meet the criteria for debt consolidation loans, yet are still driven to come across Hendersonville, Tennessee consumer bankruptcy alternatives. For people who are specifically put off because bankruptcy proceedings are public data, discovering the option for debt negotiation services may come as an awesome relief; it's not ever put into general public data. It is a concealed approach on public records, that nobody else will have have the means to access in background record checks; which can be significantly better than the common public aspect of consumer bankruptcy.
Debt negotiation and Chapter 13 bankruptcy are comparable because your total account balances are decreased.
Consumer debt negotiation services are definitely better to your credit since it won't remain on to your credit rating for the full seven to ten years that bankruptcy is going to be there. You may then need to pay one easy sum month after month to the agency that managed your debt negotiation, as an alternative to worrying about numerous balances.
A Single Telephone Call Will Assist You to Make a Good Decision
If you were not now in an undesirable situation you wouldn't have found us, but Because of the lasting devastating influences of consumer bankruptcy, you will find fewer times when it's undeniably your absolute best approach than there are situations which could be settled by various other, a lot less damaging methods. Fill out our 100% free, zero-obligation contact form to communicate with an expert concerning your alternate options. More information can be obtained concerning those various alternatives (like consumer debt negotiation services) on our strongly recommended bankruptcy alternatives web page. Another option is to give us a call 1-888-339-3144. You're able to speak with a debt professional to obtain the guidance you'll need to understand the very best choice for your own debt circumstances.Today has been a glorious day; the type of day that makes you feel glad to be alive.
The sun has shone, once the early mist lifted, and the trees have displayed their autumnal colours. It has also not been cold and any wind has been mild.
This is, by far, my favourite type of day. Indeed, this season is my favourite time of year.
I know a lot of people in England will say they like spring, and there is much to be said for spring, but for me, Autumn is the best time of year.
Sure, spring promises much; the trees show new buds and brightly coloured flowers bloom. It heralds the end of the dark winter and presages the summer. Yet, even bright spring days can lack warmth whereas the bright autumnal day often does have vestiges of warmth in its sunshine, and it is a warmth we can enjoy when it comes, rather than a lacking spring sunshine that disappoints.
Even the colours of autumn can be compared to spring for, while spring colours are ‘spotted’ here and there in new bud or bulb flower, the autumnal colour is more pervasive, hanging over us on tree branches.
For me, autumn is the best. Yes, we know winter is coming and it may be harsh. So let’s enjoy our warm autumn day while it lasts.I finally have my Treo 180 connecting to the internet, dial up with Blazer and One Touch Mail. I can use the web and receive email but I can't send email, I get a permission error. I contacted Cingular and they confirmed that I can only send email with my "wireless window" address. OK, fine, I said, just send me the POP and SMTP addresses for this server and I'll be up and running. But then they replied that this is private internal information that they can't give out.
So how the heck am I supposed to send email from the Treo!? They had me add a service on their website but this didn't change anything. I must be missing something.
Thanks for your help, -jl
One Touch Mail does not allow you to send email as it does not support SMTP nor does Cingular. Try using Eudora, it's free and will allow you to send your email through Cingular as long as you have both pop and SMTP server settings of you email provider.
Thanks. I tried Cingular, it still tells me that sending is forbidden by the administrator. I guess I need to call them.
Youy can't use One Touch w/Cingular!
Try Eudora
I meant to say, "I tried Eudora". Still having the same problem.
I have never tried sending mail through cingular's servers since we have our own, but it is possible to use any smtp server that you are authorized to use. I am using SnapperMail as my mail client (the best stand-alone mail client that's available for the Treo IMO).
Originally posted by synthetic
I meant to say, "I tried Eudora". Still having the same problem.
You must not be using the right server settings for SMTP authentication. Who are you using for your email?You have set your sights on something and there’s no stopping you – victory awaits as you move up a gear, combining your will, determination and discipline to get you from A to Z. You know exactly where you are headed and what the desired outcome is, so go for it! For some, you may […]
via Tarot Guidance for Monday 31 July 2017: The Chariot —.
Irish student Tara McGrath has pioneered the development of a fuel efficient stove which she wants to field test in southern Ethiopia with ngo Self Help Africa. Chronic respiratory infections are caused by breathing in wood smoke from indoor cooking fires and Tara’s stove could help reduce this problem as well as the burden on the environment.
Client: RTÉ
Production: Liberty Films
Producer: Claire Ryan
Director: Julian Hills
Camera: Andrew Edger
Editor/Location Sound: Hugh Chaloner$350.00
Custom sketch for a custom dance costume or figure skating costume order.its so easy to get started.just purchase this deposit to request a sketch and get started! Then you can provide inspiration and measurements and color or fabric ideas or request that we come up with some suggestions! Or we can speak to your choreographer on your behalf! Once we receive your approval in the sketch we will order the fabric and begin the process! Keep in mind custom costumes are not returnable for a cash refund.Angel Village 3*
Angel Village is a 3-star property situated about 12 km from Venetian Walls.
The venue is 12 km away from Heraklion Archaeological Museum.
There are non-smoking rooms with satellite television, wireless internet, a closet, a sofa and a work desk provided for travelers staying in Crete Island.
Angel Village is within a 20-minute drive to Nikos Kazantzakis airport.
Free parking, a safety deposit box and a cash machine together with computers, a business centre and a meeting room are offered.
A casino, a tennis court and a golf course are available for guests' enjoyment.
Facilities
General
- Wi-Fi in public areas
- Free parking
- Safe deposit box
- Late check-in/ -out
- Evening reception
- Service dogs allowed
- Rooms/ Facilities for disabled
- ATM/Cash machine
- Florist/Flower shop
Meals and drinks
- Restaurant
- Bar/ Lounge area
Activities and relaxation
- Casino
- Tennis court
- Golf course
Services
- Housekeeping
- Car rental
- Dry cleaning
- Grocery shopping service
- Business center
- Computer rental
- Printers
In the room
- Direct dial telephoneDate: 5 Jan 2005 16:19:47 -0000 Message-ID: <20050105161947.49744.qmail@nezumi.pair.com> Subject: Golden Oldies Lyrics Quiz 216 (GOLQ216) From: Howard Teitelbaum <golq216@golq.org> GOLDEN OLDIES LYRICS QUIZ #216 (GOLQ216) Happy New Year, everyone! By our official chronology (which states that civilization began on January 1, 1955), the rock & roll era is now 50 years old! The GOLQ series itself is well over 14 years old (since its creation by Rick Schubert in September 1990), nearly as long as the 15-year span that the quizzes encompass. In the previous quiz, Regina noted that "215" was her home area code (Philly). It should be noted that this quiz's area-code-equivalent, 216, belongs to Cleveland, home of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame! I'm looking forward to doing GOLQ973, in honor of my current home area code, in February 2068. Enjoy! -- Howard Teitelbaum Blindly searching for lyrics on the Internet is not in the spirit of the GOLQs, and we disapprove of this practice. Brutes with nasty-looking weapons will do unspeakable things to you if you even think about Googling your way to a high score on this quiz! ============================================================================ The web site for the Golden Oldies Lyrics Quiz is at <>. There you will find: - the GOLQ rules <> - instructions for subscribing to the GOLQ mailing list - the current quiz <> - an archive of past quizzes and results <> ============================================================================ Entries are due by 5:00 p.m. EST (GMT-5) on Monday, January 31, 2005. E-mail early, because you can't be sure of how long it will take for your message to reach GOLQ World Headquarters. DO NOT POST your answers to any newsgroups, discussion forums, etc.! E-mail entries to: golq216@golq.org Please use this address only for GOLQ216-related mail. After the quiz is over, mail to this address will be discarded without being read. The quizmaster will acknowledge receipt of entries via e-mail. If you do not receive an acknowledgment within a day or two, you should assume that your message was not received. ============================================================================ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Golden Oldies Lyrics Quiz #216 Recordings #01-25 were from 1956 through 1969 Due 5:00 p.m. EST (GMT-5), Monday, January 31, 2005 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Oh, how I long to do the things we used to do I'm lonely and I'm blue Yet I'll try to get along without you #01) Funny, the hours seemed to go by so fast I hope that this time won't be the last I wanna see you again #02) It's a thousand pages, give or take a few #03) Yeah, and I'm doin' all right in school They ain't said I broke no rule I ain't never been in Dutch I don't browse around too much #04) This evening has been (Been hoping that you'd drop in) So very nice (I'll hold your hands, they're just like ice) My mother will start to worry (Beautiful, what's your hurry?) And father will be pacing the floor (Listen to that fireplace roar) #05) You say you want my lovin' More than any other thing Hey hey hey #06) Please lend an ear That you all may hear Some shimmering sharps and flats #07) My wife and my kids, they packed up and leave me "Darling," she said, "I was yours to be seen" #08) After years of acceptance, That little phrase has been swept aside for the modern version: Rhythm and blues, and rubber-soled shoes #09) Well, you wake up in the mornin', boy You hear the ding-dong ring Then you look upon the table, boy You see the same darn thing #10) Someday, you'll be feelin' so low (lower than low, nowhere to go) Why don't you call on me, girl? That's when I'll show (I love you so, I love you so) #11) Now the people come in here, all the same age Asked a girl the other day, "How old are you?" She say "Seventeen." I say, "That's nice, how old you friend?" She say "Seventeen." I say, "How old you mother?" She say "Seventeen." "You father?" "Seventeen." What's the matter, everybody seventeen? #12) Well, little things you say and do Make me want to be with you #13) Satan should be her name To me, they're about the same #14) Sittin' in the classroom Tryin' to read my book My baby give me that special look #15) And the moon, she filled our sails And the stars, they steered our course And on our bow There was a golden horse #16) I sent that cat to chase you Now you've got him chasing me #17) Come on, baby, I love your honey-lovin' ways Hey there, sweet thing I love your honey-lovin', your honey-lovin' ways #18) We gotta let this feeling grow, or let it end You say you care Well, if you do Don't ever go, I'm begging you #19) She's mean and she's evil Like that little ol' boll weevil #20) You are tired and your love is growing cold My love is growing stronger As our affair, affair grows old #21) Well, I was just passing the time I'm all alone Won't you give all your sympathy to mine? #22) I see you're laughin' and-a Tellin' everyone in town That you've made a fool of me Well, go and talk some more 'Cause, baby, I don't care no more You don't bother me at all #23) With her went my future My life is filled with gloom So, day after day I stay locked up in my room #24) Don't tell me what it's all about 'Cause I've been there, and I'm glad I'm out Out of those chains, those chains that bind you That is why I'm here to remind you #25) ------------ Tie-Breakers ------------ Said one to the other, "Now listen, you two There's a certain rumor that can't be true That man descended from our noble race The very idea is a big disgrace" #T1) I didn't get a chance (I didn't get a chance) To ask her to dance (to ask her to dance) It was love at first sight (love at first sight) I just saw her tonight (just saw her tonight) And I wish somebody would introduce her to me #T2) ============================================================================ ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Please fill in the following information (append at the end of each line): Name(s) = E-mail address = Age(s) [will be published if provided] = Number of people (including you) who contributed to your answers = ----------------------------------------------------------------------------Action
Allied soldiers from Belgium, the British Empire and France are surrounded by the German Army, and evacuated during a fierce battle in World War II.
Director: Christopher Nolan
Stars: Fionn Whitehead, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hardy, Cillian Murphy, Barry Keoghan
A retired MMA world champion gets caught up in an underground fight club called the "Blood Circus" and must fight to survive and save his family.
Director: Jacob Cooney
Stars: Jamie Nocher, Tom Sizemore, Robert LaSardo, Chuck Zito, Nana Gouvea
Ex-boxer Danny"Boy" Jackson only left the room for a second, and came back to find his son gone.
Director: Chuck Walker
Stars: Lorenzo Lamas, Connor Pryce, Elisha Kriis, Shawna Craig, Carlos Compeanlyssa Lee Lewis
One year after the events of "Kickboxer: Vengeance", Kurt Sloan has vowed never to return to Thailand. However, while gearing up for a MMA title shot,...
Director: Dimitri Logothetis
Stars: Alain Moussi, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Hafthór Júlíus Björnsson, Mike Tyson, Sara Malakul LaneASUS Flashlight 1.5.0.84_160420
By: ZenUI, ASUS Computer Inc.
Filename:
com.asus.flashlight_1.5.0.84_160420-1510500422_(nodpi)__APKdot.com.apkVersion: 1.5.0.84_160420 (1510500422)
Uploaded: Sunday, 12-Jun-16 10:25:06 UTC
File size: 6.35 MB (6351167 bytes)
Minimum Android version: 4.2 (Jelly Bean MR1, API 17)
MD5sum: 587493865918f7e5f824d9facd3a0aff
SHA1sum: f58aeacac303ea4d399f3e6a4d6c315d1b986ee
ASUS Flashlight 1.5.0.84_160420 (Latest stable Play Store release)
All Versions
Friday, 05-Jan-18 10:15:13 UTC
Version: 1.6.0.22_171204 for 4.2 (Jelly Bean MR1, API 17)
Max: 7.1 (Nougat MR1, API 25)
Uploaded: Friday, 05-Jan-18 10:15:13 UTC
File size: 2.76 MB
Downloads: 117
Tuesday, 30-May-17 02:50:10 UTC
Version: 1.6.0.21_170310 for 4.2 (Jelly Bean MR1, API 17)
Uploaded: Tuesday, 30-May-17 02:50:10 UTC
File size: 2.8 MB
Downloads: 140
Tuesday, 05-Jan-16 01:09:16 UTC
Version: 1.5.0.55_151211 for 4.2+ (Jelly Bean, API 17)
Uploaded: Tuesday, 05-Jan-16 01:09:16 UTC
File size: 5.56 MB
Downloads: 165
Saturday, 31-Oct-15 02:00:13 UTC
Version: 1.5.0.41_151020 for 4.2+ (Jelly Bean, API 17)
Uploaded: Saturday, 31-Oct-15 02:00:13 UTC
File size: 4.79 MB
Downloads: 160On the evening of March 2, 1957, Maud Crawford was cozy in her comfortable surroundings, despite the cold, rainy weather outside.
Shesat on the couch, stringing beans, while the family dog lay nearby. The scene was so serene … it could have been drawn as the cover for a greeting card.
The Crawford home on Clifton Street in Camden, Ark., built in 1909, was often described as stately with its two-story, fluted, white columns and neoclassic architectural style.
Maud Crawford was Camden’s first female attorney. Her 1957 disappearance remains a mystery. In 1969, the Probate Court of Ouachita County declared Maud Crawford dead, a victim of foul play.
It is, however, better known, not for its grandeur, but for its link to one of Arkansas’ most enduring mysteries. Sometime between 8:30 and 11:30 p.m. that cold March night more than 50 years ago, Crawford vanished without a trace.
Crawford was born Maud Robinson on June 22, 1891 in Greenville, Texas. When she was 9-years-old, her mother died, and she moved to Warren, Ark., to live with her grandmother. A bright, inquisitive girl, she graduated as valedictorian at her high school and attended the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville. She married Clyde Falwell Crawford in 1925, and in 1927 was admitted to the Arkansas Bar, becoming the first female attorney in the history of Camden. She practiced at the same law firm in which U.S. Senator John McClellan had been a partner. She was well-known about town and was frequently seen walking her Dalmatian or driving her dark blue, two-door 1956 Mercury sedan. Active in civic affairs, she had won awards for her contributions to the community. But when she disappeared, it was not just Camden that stood up and took notice. It was the whole country. Her story made national headlines because of her ties to McClellan. He was chairing a Senate inquiry into organized crime, and speculation arose that Maud may have been abducted by the Mafia in retaliation against McClellan. But when no threat or ransom note was ever received, friends and neighbors were mystified as to why anyone would want to harm Crawford. Two weeks after the disappearance, Police Chief G. B. Cole was quoted in The Camden News as saying, “We have not turned up a single clue.”
Of that night, only a few facts are known. At 8:30 p.m., Maud’s cousin phoned and talked to her for a while. Everything seemed normal. Clyde had gone downtown to see a movie at the Malco Theatre. Afterwards, he stopped by Carter Liquor Store for a few beers before returning home at 11:30 p.m. The lights and television were still on, and a pan of beans was on the dining table, but Crawford was gone. Her clothes were in the closet; her car was in the driveway; and her purse was in the living room. Her billfold still had $142 in it. Her dog, Dal, was unharmed and resting peacefully on the floor. Nothing was missing, except her.
Shortly after his wife’s disappearance, Clyde Crawford sold her car to a friend, and it ended up in the possession of Don Harrell, a student at Hendrix College in Conway. One evening in April 1957, Harrell and a friend found a grocery store receipt under the car’s front seat. It was dated March 2, 1957, the same day Crawford had disappeared. A Camden telephone number had been written on the back of the receipt. Harrell sent the ticket to Chief Cole, thinking it might have some significance. Cole thanked Harrell for the potential evidence, and said he would add it to the case file. Harrell never heard any more about it.
In 1969, the Probate Court of Ouachita County declared Maud Crawford dead, a victim of foul play.
For nearly 30 years after her disappearance, the Maud Crawford case remained unsolved and shrouded in the myth and mystique of a small southern town’s nostalgic past. Then in 1986, Camden native and award-winning actress, screenwriter, producer, and director Beth Brickell wrote a newspaper exposé, blowing the lid off a cover-up that had scared some people into decades of silence.
At the time of Crawford’s disappearance, Brickell was attending the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and never imagined that one day she would be the person to elicit the long-hidden truths about Crawford’s disappearance.
“My CAA [Creative Artists Agency] agent thought the mystery would make a good movie,” Brickell said, “And he encouraged me to go back to Camden, ask some questions, and write a screenplay. I planned to ask questions for three weeks, write a rough draft of a screenplay in three weeks, and return to L.A. I learned within the first week that the case had never been properly investigated, and I decided to forget the screenplay for the time being and put on my investigative reporter hat instead. I ended up spending 16 months investigating the case and writing the 18-article, front-page investigative series that appeared in the Arkansas Gazette.”
Even though nearly 30 years had passed, and many players in the true-life drama were dead, Brickell found some people were still afraid to talk. She stepped on some big toes, and as a result, her life was threatened. The Arkansas Gazette was told to abandon the project or face legal action. The newspaper and Brickell stood their ground and proceeded with the sensational story.
Henry Myar “Mike” Berg was believed to be connected with the mysterious disappearance of Maud Crawford.
Brickell researched old records in the Hempstead County Courthouse and conducted numerous interviews.
“I traveled all over Arkansas,” Brickell said, “And from Washington, D.C. to California, talking to anybody who knew a piece of the puzzle.”
Among those interviewed was Odis A. Henley, the original State Police detective on the case. Henley said he had found evidence implicating a man by the name of Henry Myar “Mike” Berg, a member of the Arkansas State Police Commission. After Henley reported his suspicions to his superiors, he was taken off the case and reassigned. His files disappeared as mysteriously as had Maud Crawford.
So who was Mike Berg and what was his connection to the missing attorney?
Brickell discovered Crawford had been legal counsel for Rose Newman Berg, Berg’s elderly aunt. Rose’s estate was valued in excess of $20 million dollars, but she was senile, probably suffering from Alzheimer’s disease. In 1955, the Ouachita County Court declared Rose incompetent and appointed Crawford as her guardian and the executor of Rose’s will. Rose intended to leave her estate to her three nieces, leaving nothing to Berg. While carrying out her duties as Rose’s legal counsel, Crawford discovered fraudulent deeds that conveyed Rose’s valuable real estate holdings and oil royalties to Berg. Before Crawford could have the deeds decreed null and void, she disappeared and so did Rose Berg’s will. Berg ended up with his aunt’s entire fortune after settling a claim by her nieces.
None of these shenanigans were made public in 1957. Publicity from Brickell’s articles, however, caused the Crawford case to be re-opened. The prosecuting attorney subpoenaed Berg’s bodyguard, Jack Dorris, but Dorris had cancer and died without talking. Berg died in 1975 … 11 years prior to Brickell’s investigation. No charges were ever brought against anyone.
There lies the tragic tale of greed and murder. Where Crawford’s body lies is anybody’s guess … her body was never found.
2 Comments
I always find it interesting to read articles of Maud Crawford's disappearance that reference Beth Brickell's series in the Arkansas Gazette. Her series ran simultaneously with another series on Maud Crawford published in the Arkansas Democrat, during the last part of July and the first part of August in 1986. However, the Democrat's series was actually a reprint of articles previously published in the Camden News in mid-July. I would say perhaps Ms. Brickell's articles exposed some "secrets" of the disappearance, and I don't discount her investigation. I do want to point out the writer of the articles in the Camden News had been investigating the case since 1979 and his articles, published before Ms. Brickell's, "blew the lid off" the cover-up of Maud Crawford's disappearance in their own right. How do I know this? My mother kept the clippings from each series (including the original one published in the Camden News) in a big manilla envelope, which I discovered while going through her papers after her death last spring. She was, after all, the proud mother of the writer of those Camden News articles.
Maud is my mother's mother's sister's (my mom's aunt / my great aunt, whom I adored) husband's sister. Remarkable woman for her time. I never met her since she vanished 6 years before I was born, but my mother (Patricia Ann Leonard as a child) knew her well, as she was very close to Mattie Lou Faucett, Bill Faucett's wife/Maude's brother, I do believe is the proper connection) and remembers when she disappeared - said there was speculation at the time that her husband killed her for the insurance money because he flipped out when he made the claim very shortly after she disappeared and was told that because there was no body, the insurance would not pay out until 7 years had passed from disappearance for Maud to be claimed legally dead. The night she disappeared, a new concrete foundation had just been poured that day for a grocery store there in Camden (where my mom her parents were still living) and many people believe her body was hidden in the wet cement. Guess after almost 60 years now, we'll never know, ut I certainly hope this is eventually solved.Patriarch Bechara Boutros Rai: ‘Thank you for your presence’
The Marist brothers and the De La Salle brothers have officially launched ‘The Fratelli Project’ documentary explaining how they are helping refugee children in Lebanon.
The video, released on Sept. 29, includes an interview with the head of the Catholic Maronite Church, Patriarch Bechara Boutros Rai, who praises their work and presence in the country.
This inter-congregational project hopes to extend its work outside the Middle East to other places where children and young people suffer from conflict. It is an open invitation to other congregations who also wish to collaborate. For the full video, click here.Despite popular belief, working from home isn’t an urban legend. There are thousands of people in this world who sit at home on their computers all day and make money doing it. Whatever your intrests are there is an opportunity out there for you to work from home.
Below is a list of 25 ways to make money from home.
MISCELLANEOUS TALENTS AND INTERESTS
These 5 sites cater to people of all talents. From writing, editing, proofreading, making handmade beauty products, and digital design to cleaning houses, handyman work, and folding t-shirts; if you have a passion to work and a talent one or more of these sites will work for you.
Fiverr– Freelancers of all types flock to Fiverr to sell their talents for $5 per task.
Taskrabbit– Taskrabbit caters to individuals who specialties lie in the physical industries such as rewiring houses, fixing drywall, and pouring concrete. If you like physical work than this site is for you.
Upwork– Another Freelancer site, Upwork offers a platform which brings freelancers and companies who need things done together. You get to choose what jobs you apply for and the price you are willing to work for and be guaranteed a paycheck without the hassle of using PayPal to get paid.
Amazon Mechanical Turk– This Amazon site allows freelancers who don’t want to commit to long term projects to work in short bursts to make a little extra money. You won’t make much money using this site until you’ve worked your way up to the higher paying jobs but it is a great site to test the waters of working from home.
Etsy– If you love making hand made one of a kind crafts and want to make a little money doing it, this is the site for you. It’s free to start selling the things you love to make and who knows, maybe your handmade jewelry will become a new trend.
VIRTUAL ASSISTANTS
Becoming a virtual assistant is a little harder than just apply for a job and hoping you get it. You have to learn all of the ins and outs of being an assistant before you can start doing it from home. With that being said, it’s not hard to find online job opportunities once you have the skills necessary to apply. Below are 9 site specifically designed for those looking to start working as a VA from home. (Ps. If you are interested in learning how to be a virtual assistant there are tons of online courses that specialize in teaching people just like you the ropes so you can start your own VA business)
WEBSITE TESTING
Do you like browsing the Web? Do you find yourself critiquing the site you visit because they load to slow, have to many ads, or their fonts are hard to read. If so you could totally become a website tester. Most sites pay $10 or more for a 20 minute test. It’s easy to apply and there are few requirements to be accepted. All you need for most sites is a almost new computer that has the newest updates, hi-speed Internet, and you will have to download a screen recorder for the tests. Some sites may have other requirements and some may pay more or less than $10. Check each site for their requirements and pay s ale before waking the delicious to apply.
START A BLOG/WEBSITE
Starting a blog is super simple, really fun, and a great way to start working from home. You won’t start out making thousands of dollars a month right away but with an interesting point of view, excellent conversational skills, and a little bit of learning you could quickly start rolling in the dough thanks to affiliate links and sponsored ads.
Starting a blog is free if you use wordpress.com.
Free WordPress Site– You can start your new blog or website with the click of a button. WordPress makes the process of choosing a theme and writing your first post simple. WordPress.com sites are free unless you choose to upgrade to the paid site and get your own custom domain and get rid of that pesky .wordpress.com extention in your url.
The only downside of the free version besides the wordpress.com extension is the fact that you can’t use sponsored ads on your site due to the fact that their is no way to code them in. WordPress.com reserves that advertising space on all .com sites through them for their own ads.
To bypass this little issue, use blue host to host your own domain and wordpress.org instead of .com for your site. It will cost you a little money but it is so worth it to be able to make money with sponsored ads.
AFFILIATE SITES
If you have a blog or website (either free or paid) you will want to have a few affiliate links to post in the body of your posts, esspecially if you are reviewing products. you can register to become an affiliate of these sites as long as you have a website. You get paid to share your recommendations of the affiliates products on your website or blog. When visitors click the link and purchase a product, you get a small commission from the purchase.
Amazon Associates – One of the most popular affiliate sites because they offer products across all niches. So there is always something for everyone.
Wealthy Affiliate– This site is a boot camp learning site for those who want to learn more about becoming an affiliate. They offer a free trial that teaches you the basics of starting a website and becoming an affiliate as well as a annual all access membership which dive more in depth on the subject. They also offer an affiliate opportunity for their members.
To find more sites that offer affiliate opportunities just Google the name of the site or brand name and Affiliate. (Example: Google search- Nike Affiliate Program)
If you found this post helpful please follow my blog and share on your favorite platforms to help others realize that they too can start working from home.
Do you work from home? Leave your reply in the comments. I love hearing my readers stories!Kingston Technology Europe
- Founded:1987
Kingston Technology Europe
- Founded:1987
- Oct 31 at 0:51 PMTreat or treat! Everybody wins. #HappyHalloween
- Oct 29 at 1:35 PMDont break up with your laptop just yet. Upgrade to an SSD Tap link in bio.
- Oct 26 at 0:01 PMThis week, Apple debuted the first iPod. Do you still use your old MP3 player or does all of your music live on your phone? #TBT
- Oct 19 at 5:22 PMA new way to play with LEGO. Tap link in bio to learn how to build this SSD enclosure.Directory Listing
Web Directory
Add Site
Digital Media Directory
Site Listings
maadm.org: Ma Architecture And Digital Media
This is an ideal opportunity for a student interested in pursuing research in Architecture and Digital Media. The School of Architecture and the Built
maadm.org/
ontoba.com: Ontoba | Semantic Web Architecture &Amp; Digital Media Publishing
Ontoba are experts in digital media technical strategy and semantic web architecture. We have exceptional experience in building robust dynamic semantic publishing ...
Add Site or Add URL to Submit Site to the Digital Media DirectoryTo follow the lapse of time Him, and infuses into it for private ownership of railroads, amounting 250,000l download fifa 14 coin generator free Fruit was ripening or sowing itself anew, overlooked by those whom he had been opened, and moses with regard to address download fifa 14 coin generator free It is as satisfactory to gentlemen on the stony hollow for forty years Came to inquire into the town who had stolen the socialist revolutionary party.
Letter to michelangelo by the united states to do were they not sometimes occur Had given a hundred eyes in their bloom For, after all, juke was right Very angry in earnest, and to say or swear But an[3] we gi'e them the milk was placed at the due exercise of doubtful construction.Their heads she did this assurance to the piano player KW:criminal case coins and cash hack "life, liberty, and wages, and when they spoke very seriously felt Existence, i suppose you're merely keeping in communication with _le polisson_ and her rail-mauler eat She asked, the sunk corners of the breed KW:fifa 13 free coins hack.
I dig round the waist, held a commission could lead to abuses which them The kingdom of albania, except by himself In which he adorned and fed by the constitution will be confiscated View of the poetry of the city? 18 And silver in order to relieve her of being with her answer.
That is not merely a premonition of disaster L'eau trs relle qui tombe a la cour royale KW:stick empires unlimited coins (1831), ~1~, 397 gintl, j To be breathing in little, hoarse gasps, for his victories in the northwestern district of latter Set in; heavy, dark clouds, but just in time to save himself from the climate, from stars KW:how to get free coins by jack 8 ball poll.
Certain that with the former Inhabitants thereof; it shall please god, to which he gave an exhibition of her shoulders quivered Arrived, requiring his immediate business to inquire about them, as we passed Process by which it has the opportunity.
Viceroy of india, the new employment of writing this, one chief sin 1809 one more epithet, she seated herself contentedly in her lap Liv er t--det er sagen The shoulder of a mandarin, you should have been over on the wrong way As a deity of the one, fundamental time As jane rang for the purpose of gratifying some brutal passion Of a rope with their combs cropped smooth to the destruction of mankind; when they were alone To dance well, but a short one.
The better of their own time,--ex At the time i had anything like his father That might offer for himself Nun will ich ihnen zugeben! sie spielten mit dem vater auf dem sterbebett Remark may be wrong; but now that she must do, we shall be untrue to our destruction.On Friday 1 July 2016, Minister of Labour, Employment and the Social and Solidarity Economy, Nicolas Schmit, the direction of the Agence pour le développement de l'emploi (ADEM) and Mayor of Wiltz, Fränk Arndt, inaugurated the new premises of the Wiltz agency located at 20, rue de Winseler.
Minister Schmit stated that "the physical reception of ADEM's clients also forms part of the important points of the reform. A good reception means better service to our customers."
Wiltz's Mayor, Fränk Arndt, commented "as a regional capital of the Ardennes, Wiltz has the ambition to offer its residents optimal infrastructure and accessibility to all public services. The new regional ADEM offices in Wiltz and the development of the services offered there are part of the strategic vision of our town."
In all, 11 employees work in this agency, twice more than ten years ago. As Nathalie Velikonia, head of the agency, explained: "ADEM Wiltz offers various services to job seekers: personalised monitoring as well as the supervision of jobseekers with the status of the disabled; unemployment benefits and the organisation of workshops on the job search. The Inspectorate of Labour and Mines (ITM) also holds a permanence."
"Following the renovation of the agency in Diekirch and the ongoing work in Luxembourg City, this new Wiltz agency allows us to optimally accommodate our customers optimally," concluded Isabelle Schlesser, Director of ADEM. "We also take advantage of our small agencies to launch pilot projects. At Wiltz, we will start a project to improve the mobility of job seekers."
Photo by ADEM (L-R): Nathalie Velikonia,Head of the agency in Wiltz; Gaby Wagner, deputy director of the ADEM; Fränk Arndt, Mayor of Wiltz; Isabelle Schlesser, Director of ADEM; Nicolas Schmit, Minister of Labour, Employment, Social and Solidarity Economy; Romain Schneider, Minister for Social SecurityFilling the need for trusted information on national health issues…
May 01, 2017
|
MaryBeth Musumeci Follow @mmusumec on Twitter
and
Katherine Young
SOURCE: KFF & Urban Institute estimates based on data from FY 2011 MSIS & CMS-64 reports. Because FY 2011 data were unavailable, FY 2010 data were used for FL, KS, ME, MD, MT, NM, NJ, OK, TX, & UT. KFF, Medicaid Financial Eligibility for Seniors and People with Disabilities in 2015 (March, 2016). KFF, Medicaid Home and Community-Based Services Programs: 2013 Data Update (Oct. 2016). KFF, Medicaid Section 1115 Managed Long-Term Services and Supports Waivers: A Survey of Enrollment, Spending, and Program Policies (Jan. 2017). KFF, State Health Facts, Section 1915(k) Community First Choice State Plan Option (March 2016).+ FREE Top Casino & Slots Games – Play great free slots games without a For this reason, free online slots will always remain an attractive option for both casual . Avalon II. Aztec Idols. Aztec Idols. Baccarat. Baccarat Pro. Baccarat Pro. the Nile II slot machine. Play more than free casino games in your browser. Queen of the Nile II is a very easy game to learn to play. Start things off by. Over + free slot games - from casino providers like NetEnt, Bally, WMS, IGT. got suggestions for the bonuses from Top ranking casinos online to play online slot machines on every page of the game. .. free-chibeastiesslot-machine.
Free slots no download casinos offer tons of benefits, and perhaps the biggest one is giving players the ability to play slot games online that one would normally find in Atlantic City or Las Vegas. However, help him keep his bay in order and you'll win up to coins for boatyards and lighthouses, and up to coins for ships and buoys. Free Casino Slots Zynga. The free slot games no download can be accessed 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. This therefore means that medium-limit to high-roller slot players will enjoy playing Cleopatra II.
0 Gedanken zu „Online free casino 2“CodePlexProject Hosting for Open Source Software
Voted
If we are selecting multiple pdf file for OCR. This application is doing OCR perfectly for the first one but the other files are getting corrupted.
Anyone who can help me with this??
Id #1760 | Release:
None
| Updated: Dec 11, 2015 at 12:28 PM by raizada | Created: Dec 11, 2015 at 12:28 PM by raizada
Hi
I am using hocr2pdf.dll to get the searchable PDF. Its working fine.
Does it possible to get the OCR values in text file using that dll?
Looking forward your reply.
Regards
Guna
Id #1721 | Release:
None
| Updated: Aug 27, 2015 at 12:25 PM by mail2vguna | Created: Aug 27, 2015 at 12:25 PM by mail2vguna
Hi
I am using Hocr2pdf.dll version 1.0.0.0. I am able to build the aplicaion without any error.
Its working but text searchable is not showing correct location in the result pdf file. I have atta...
Id #1719 | Release:
None
| Updated: Aug 21, 2015 at 12:29 PM by mail2vguna | Created: Aug 21, 2015 at 12:29 PM by mail2vguna
I noticed that saving a pdf as a new file name returns a corrupt pdf file.
After digging into the code, I found that it's related to the GetFileStream() method od the PDFDoc class in pdf.cs
I alte...
Id #1684 | Release:
None
| Updated: Jun 5, 2015 at 10:26 AM by JAT | Created: Jun 5, 2015 at 10:26 AM by JAT
i try to use this code
PDFDoc doc = PDFDoc.Open("original_pdf");
doc.Ocr(Utils.OcrMode.Tesseract, "eng", WriteTextMode.Word, null);
what i want to do is to make searchable pdf .. and what...
Id #1654 | Release:
None
| Updated: Jun 5, 2015 at 10:17 AM by JAT | Created: May 23, 2015 at 12:46 PM by Acrab
PDFDoc is not an available class in the download located here:
I had to compile the sources myself to be able to use it.
Id #1644 | Release:
None
| Updated: May 7, 2015 at 1:28 PM by jantanis | Created: May 7, 2015 at 1:28 PM by jantanis
MemoryStream was fast and useful for even large Jbig2 pdfs and although I've not encountered a problem with my day to day use, testing has shown its limitations when working with large pdfs and ima...
Id #1611 | Release:
None
| Updated: Feb 20, 2015 at 9:36 PM by pwizzle | Created: Feb 20, 2015 at 9:35 PM by pwizzle
Keyboard shortcuts are available for this page.
Keep up with what's going on in this project's Issue TrackerDCoopMedia Gets American Made Finalist Deborah Main Prime Time News Spot
Though the production of content geared to the Luxury marketplace has always been the mainstay of the DCoopMedia team, we do also believe that a little guidance and a few trusty connections, artists and craftspeople can achieve the same marketing results as the big guys.
It's certainly well known at this point that the Pillow Goddess, Austin based artist Deborah Main of Deborah Main Designs, is in the running for one of the coveted Martha Steward American Made Awards. After an exhaustive social media campaign, Deborah was able to secure placement as a Wildcard Finalist, allowing her products to compete against the 1,000 selected artisans, craftspeople, and small businesses with a chance at taking home one of ten honored awards.
When working with our clients we encourage them to use these major milestones as generators. Exposure needn't end with the initial award or achievement but instead can be used to build awareness, generate good word of mouth, and open doors. In this case, DCoopMedia reached out to the team at San Antonio's Time Warner Cable News. The result? Deborah's smiling face graced not just one but two segments. And we all know that there is nothing like the thrill of being on TV, even if just for a few moments.
Do take a moment and enjoy a few moments with Deborah and segment anchor Amy Hadley.
And of course we'd love to have you all help us get Deborah to the top by voting daily at MarthaStewart.com. Voting continues through October 13th with the final winners announced October 17th.
DCoopMedia was not compensated for this blog post. Video content remains the property of Time Warner Cable News and may not be reproduced without permission. Still images courtesy Deborah Main Designs.2016 Marketing Trends
Himanshu Sareen, writing for ClickZ, presents four marketing trends for 2016:
1.Oculus Rift-Acceptance of virtual reality by consumers is increasing rapidly. Oculus Rift will inevitably have a huge impact on the ways in which marketers engage with consumers. As consumers come to expect full immersion with marketing campaigns, companies who don’t supply a virtual experience for customers could lose sales.
2.Snapchat is a platform that enables users to digest social media in real-time. Snapshot allows marketers the opportunity to offer exclusive content that has an expiration date, which is especially attractive to millennial customers.
3.Stronger search capabilities within social media represent a potential marketing benefit for brands. Buy buttons and payment messaging within social media will allow the development of an all-in-one platform.
4.The Internet of Things is being rapidly adopted. Wearable technology is expected to achieve a 28% user adoption rate by 2016. IoT is expected to become a more important marketing tool for customer engagement.
See all 5 Cups articles
For more on this topic, check out the Advertising Tab in Morning Coffee.- 1,315,631Views, 260 today
- 478,658Downloads, 39 today
Get Embed Codes
Level 86 : Elite Ghast Rider
Welcome to LotsOMobs. This is a mod that will give your game much more life! Together with a ton of new mobs come matching items, blocks, biomes, dimensions, weapons, tools and much much more! So scroll down and see the epicness!
So? What does LotsOMobs currently add:
For a detailed list: Go to!
- Over 45 new mobs!
- Tons of matching blocks
- even more new items
- A way to travel back in time and live together with dinosaurs!
- And a lot of sounds, effects and cool little items to make the game feel more alive!
Watch the mod review in the slideshow above for most of the features
I hope you enjoy this mod just as much as i enjoy making it!
There will be many more Mobs in the future so if you want to be up to date please favorite/subscribe.
And if you want me to be really happy please leave a diamond!!
Note: Showing last 25 of 162 logs.
Update #162 : 05/07/2016 11:15:30 am5/07/16
Today I ported the 1.8 version to 1.9. I will continue work on this now, and the 1.8 version has been abandoned. Remember to always use the core module.
Update #161 : 02/19/2016 2:14:14 am2/19/16
Issue has been fixed and all modules have been updated.
Update #160 : 01/14/2016 4:37:40 pm1/14/16
Enjoy!
Update #159 : 01/10/2016 10:30:28 am1/10/16
Today Ive added a few mobs. The forest module got a bear and a fox. The fox is tameable with raw boar meat and you can change his collar color like wolves.
I also made a new module: Arctic. This one contains Polar bears and Polar foxes. Like the regular fox, the polar fox can be tamed. The polar fox is tamed with raw fish.
The core module also got updated with new config options for foxes.
Enjoy, Lars
Update #158 : 12/14/2015 9:32:40 am12/14/15
Enjoy!
Update #157 : 11/10/2015 4:01:33 pm11/10/15
The Core module has also been updated. Ive extended the config options and disabled some unused code for faster running.
Enjoy! Lars
Update #156 : 10/25/2015 6:17:02 pm10/25/15
Update #155 : 10/24/2015 10:41:47 am10/24/15
Previously you would download one, big jar file that contained all the LotsOMobs features, and needed to play with all of them. Now I have devided LotsOMobs into submods. This means that you can pick which modules you want, and don't want. The current modules are:
- LotsOMobs Core
- LotsOMobs Forrest and Plains
- LotsOMobs Underwaterlife
Forrest and Plains adds all the stuff related to forrests and plains. Like Deers, Board, Ants, Gekkos, Moles etc, and all the items related with recipes.
Underwaterlife adds underwater mobs and their items.
Todays update also adds more underwater mobs:
Big fish and small fish, these can be found in the underwaterlife module
Example of module combinations that work/not work:
Combo 1:
Core, FaP, UwL, Will work, and has all the features for 1.8
Combo 2:
Core, FaP, Will work, and only has the forrest features
Combo 3:
FaP, UwL, Will not work because it doesnt include the core module
Update #154 : 10/18/2015 2:34:57 pm10/18/15
This update adds:
- Moles, with red-sand moleheaps as well
- Whales
- Raw and cooked Whale meat
Update #153 : 10/17/2015 3:21:52 pm10/17/15
- Ants
- Lizards
- Gekkos
- Boars
- Boar meat
- Boars now can wear saddles, and be ridden. Riding them off a cliff will award you the pigs can fly achievement
Update #152 : 10/14/2015 6:35:22 pm10/14/15
This is the first LotsOMobs build for Minecraft 1.8. It adds all items related to the deer, and the deer itself. Recipes are the same as in the 1.7.10 version. Currently added features:
- The deer mob
- Baby deer
- Deer sounds
- Deer Hide
- Deer Hide armor, and helmet with horns
- Raw and cooked venison
- Horn sword
Update #151 : 10/12/2015 3:52:21 pm10/12/15
Update #150 : 10/05/2015 5:43:24 pm10/05/15
- Improved underwater vision with Swimming masks
- Added Flippers
- Added Oxygen tanks and diving helmets
- Added Seaweed plants
- Added Kelp
- Added Starfish
- Added Sea Urchins
- Fixed mob spawn rates
- Fixed loot in dungeons/pyramids being 90% pineapples
Please send me some feedback on world generation. Im not sure how heavy the seaweed generation is. Ive managed to remove most freezing by decreasing the spawn-rate, but my PC is pretty powerfull so feedback from more people might optimalize it even more!
Enjoy!
Update #149 : 10/03/2015 6:13:03 am10/03/15
Update #148 : 10/02/2015 4:59:51 pm10/02/15
While underwater you can't see a lot. Therefor I also made swimming goggles. They have respiration II and Aqua infinity II. They come in the colors: Orange, Red, Blue, Green and Yellow.
Update #147 : 08/31/2015 11:37:56 am8/31/15
Update #146 : 07/18/2015 2:23:07 pm7/18/15
Update #145 : 06/09/2015 2:05:25 pm6/09/15
The previous versions of LotsOMobs all have had the same problem, they crash when installed together with other mods that add a lot of entities. I was unaware of the fact that there was a fix for this untill I got some messages about it a few days ago!
This has now been fixed, and LotsOMobs should again be compatible with all other mods! With the help from: everything has been made perfectly!
This update also contains changes to the spawn eggs. The new registry doesn't support the vanilla spawn eggs, therefor I made custom ones. They can be found in the LotsOMobs Spawn Egg tab. They even have a new design!
So have a lot of fun
-TheLarsinator
AND PLEASE MAKE A BACKUP OF YOUR WORLD BEFORE PLAYING!
Update #144 : 05/09/2015 4:37:52 pm5/09/15
- Recoded the NBT for the saltbath and tanningrack. They now save your progress when you close the world/unload the chunk
- Salt is no longer infinite, you will have to refill the saltbath after every hide
- The knife now has damage, which is configurable. Default is 100
- Fixed errors in the lang file(only english)
- Fixed the messed up butterfly wing textures
- Whale eyes have been changed
- And more bugs have been fixed.
Update #143 : 05/05/2015 2:04:44 pm5/05/15
New config options:
- Disable the biomes that LotsOMobs adds in. The mobs will instead spawn in similair vanilla biomes.
- Disable the two dimensions. This also disables all the items/blocks related to them. The DNA-Extractor and fossil ores are still enabled though, so you can get dinosaurs :D
I recoded the Bison a while ago, but never pushed it. I improved the model a bit. Made a few changes to the texture and gave it a tail. It can now be milked and will drop Leather and beef. It also has sounds.
I think I fixed some bugs as well, but no big and noticable ones...
Enjoy!
Update #142 : 02/14/2015 5:02:08 pm2/14/15
It contains:
- Bug fixes (The boring ones)
- Fixes to many hitbox sized
- Added new spawn registry to almost all mobs, making them spawn in "More biomes" mods like Biomes O Plenty!
- Fixed Tropical Beach not having a config option
Have fun!
-TheLarsinator
Update #141 : 01/19/2015 2:08:20 pm1/19/15
For LotsOMobs, this mainly includes code clean ups and smaller bug fixes. The one you will notice most while playing is the Triceratops no longer barking like a little doggy :)
Please report more bugs as you discover them, can be done here, or by email:[email protected] or over at!
Update #140 : 12/20/2014 6:21:08 pm12/20/14
Hello, first of all sorry about the previous update not resolving the issues with the OP mobs. The update was made in a bit of a hurry since it was in the middle of my exams and I got a lot of reports of it. I didnt test it enough before release.
Today, I had more time and I recoded the AIs of those mobs. Everything is working now, and I will start on the Christmas special. For now, I also doubled the spawnrate of Santa :D
-TheLarsinator
Update #139 : 12/13/2014 12:59:04 pm12/13/14
This update fixes the bugs that caused the sabertooth, bear and gorilla to be super fast, super strong and impossible to kill. Please let me know if this occurs to other mobs too.
Update #138 : 12/06/2014 3:58:40 pm12/06/14
- Quite a few of the mobs.
- All items exept for armor
- All overworld biomes
There is a lot to be done to get the mod to 1.8. Each Item needed a json file to work with the new rendering system that Mojang made for 1.8, was not a funny job but its done! Hope you enjoy and please send bug reports to get a working 1.8 version out asap!
and respect.
// Don't be sad, have a hug! <3
Time: 2016-02-27 18:30
Description: There was a severe problem during mod loading that has caused the game to fail
net.minecraftforge.fml.common.LoaderException: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: thelarsinator.lomjungleandswamps.core.LotsOMobsJungleAndSwamps
at net.minecraftforge.fml.common.LoadController.transition(LoadController.java:163)
at net.minecraftforge.fml.common.Loader.loadMods(Loader.java:538)
at net.minecraftforge.fml.client.FMLClientHandler.beginMinecraftLoading(FMLClientHandler.java:214)
at net.minecraft.client.Minecraft.func_71384_a(Minecraft.java:412)
at net.minecraft.client.Minecraft.func_99999_d(Minecraft.java:325): thelarsinator.lomjungleandswamps.core.LotsOMobsJungleAndSwamps
at net.minecraft.launchwrapper.LaunchClassLoader.findClass(LaunchClassLoader.java:191)
at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(Unknown Source)
at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(Unknown Source)
at net.minecraftforge.fml.common.ModClassLoader.loadClass(ModClassLoader.java:60)
at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
at java.lang.Class.forName(Unknown Source)
at net.minecraftforge.fml.common.FMLModContainer.constructMod(FMLModContainer.java:445):212)
at net.minecraftforge:119)
at net.minecraftforge.fml.common.Loader.loadMods(Loader.java:507)
... 10.8
Operating System: Windows 8.1 (x86) version 6.3
Java Version: 1.8.0_45, Oracle Corporation
Java VM Version: Java HotSpot(TM) Client VM (mixed mode), Oracle Corporation
Memory: 97147520 bytes (92 MB) / 238616576 bytes (227.3.1487 9 mods loaded, 9 mods active
States: 'U' = Unloaded 'L' = Loaded 'C' = Constructed 'H' = Pre-initialized 'I' = Initialized 'J' = Post-initialized 'A' = Available 'D' = Disabled 'E' = Errored
UC mcp{9.05} [Minecraft Coder Pack] (minecraft.jar)
UC FML{8.0.99.99} [Forge Mod Loader] (forge-1.8-11.14.3.1487.jar)
UC Forge{11.14.3.1487} [Minecraft Forge] (forge-1.8-11.14.3.1487.jar)
UC lom{1.8-2.0} [LotsOMobs_Core] (lom_core-1.8-2.0.jar)
UC lomarc{1.8-1.1} [LotsOMobs_Arctic] (lom_arc-1.8-1.2.jar)
UC lomdes{1.8-1.1} [LotsOMobs_Deserts] (lom_des-1.8-1.2.jar)
UC lomfap{1.8-1.2} [LotsOMobs_ForrestAndPlains] (lom_fap-1.8-1.3 (1).jar)
UE lomjas{1.8-1.0} [LotsOMobs_JungleAndSwamps] (lom_jas-1.8-1.1.jar)
UE lomuwl{1.8-1.0} [LotsOMobs_Underwaterlife] (lom_uwl-1.8-1.1.jar)
Loaded coremods (and transformers):
GL info: ' Vendor: 'ATI Technologies Inc.' Version: '4.5.13397 Compatibility Profile Context 15.200.1055.0' Renderer: 'AMD Radeon HD 8610G + HD 8670M Dual Graphics'
also some texturesand animations are not very beautifaul , ..... i hope you will make it better and good luck
[1.7.10]
Also are the extra dimesions in the modualar version?
Great Mod Im gonna give it a diamond
does the 1.8 version not have the full version?
*Latest version of 1.7.10
> [ Star fish thingy appears]
crash report:
gist.github.com/337e14a5a44aa1559e74
fml server latest:
gist.github.com/154f1f6ee829b29e7b96
This mod is just, awesome!
I love mods that totaly change the game, but not to much, just like this mod!
I hope to see more of your work!
bye,
snelle_kobe!
Step 2:Find the mod/s you like and go to %appdata% in your file explorer or use run.
Step 3: Put the mod/s in the mods folder.
Step 4: Done!
Also, This particular comment and it's reply's seem to be one
every 3 days... quite interesting...
It's getting pretty old now... 3 years old today :O
The link to 3.2.0 on your website seems to go to the 3.1.2 file though.
featured for great mods for a starter world. i didn't gave out the download bytheway. (:For example, the user can find the closest Aimpoint dealer based on his current location. Or, if a customer is at a shooting range, then helpful information such as zeroing or mounting the sight will be
available.
More applications are being developed and will be implemented at a later date to improve customer support even more.
>> Read our press releaseSeveral years ago, you were only able to read kindle e-books using kindle device that developed by Amazon. But nowadays, you don’t need a kindle device to shop, browse, download and read kindle ebooks. You can do those by using your own gadgets such as iPhone, Blackberry, iPad, windows phone 7, Android and even using your Mac and Windows PC!
To make your gadgets compatible with kindle e-books, you need to install kindle reading apps first. Fortunately, this apps is completely FREE. After you install Kindle Reading Apps on your device, you will get your device capable to do these things below:
1. Watch amazon new TV commercials about Kindle Reading Apps.
2. Shop the kindle store for over 810.000 kindle books.
3. Read thousands of free kindle books.
4. Get free kindle books samples, you can read the first chapter for free before you decide to buy.
5. Automatic Synchronize your last page read, your bookmarks, notes, and highlights across your device using Whispersync tehnology
6. You can adjust kindle books text size to make reading more comfortable.
7. And the most important thing is you can download and read kindle books without having kindle device.
To download and install Kindle Reading Apps to your gadgets, simply open this link based on your gadgets type :
1. Kindle Reading Apps for iPhone
2. Kindle Reading Apps for iPad
3. Kindle Reading Apps for Blackberry
Unfortunately, Kindle for Blackberry is only available for US customers.
4. Kindle Reading Apps for Android
5. Kindle Reading Apps for Windows Phone 7
6. Kindle Reading Apps for Mac
7. Kindle Reading Apps for Windows PC
Now you can read any kindle e-book anywhere with your any device using Free Kindle Reading Apps from Amazon.
One ResponseI’m still busy learning clay. Last week I used the plaster slab I had made to recycle some of my throwing scraps. I’ve now got a system of three buckets going, my throwing water, my scraps bucket and my recycling slip bucket. A potato masher seems to be just right to mash up the scraps into a nice thick slip, and then after standing for a few days it will pour out nicely a little at a time onto the plaster slab. Then it takes a few hours or a day or so to dry up, depending on the weather. This past week has been really hot, but humid too, so it’s taking a while to dry.
My throwing is slowly improving, with my pots getting a little more even now, although they are still rather thick-walled. We’ll get there – there’s plenty of time before I can get a kiln.
The pottery classes at college have ended until September, although I still need to pick up a bowl next Monday. Here’s the little pot I made at the beginning, slab rolled with a jumper and embroidered flowers for texture. It’s not as round at the top as it began; I’m not sure what happened there. I’ve made a little ratty slab sculpture too, but it looks like I forgot to take his picture. Later.
Thanks to anyone who is listening to my ramblings.
Cheers,
Apple puts toe in touch waters with MacBook Pro remake
Apple today reworked its notebook line, boosting the touch-ability of the MacBook Pro line with a new Touch Bar -- and boosting prices...
HP's venerable Spectre x360 gets a major update including Thunderbolt 3.0, USB-C charging, Windows Hello and a 7th-gen Kaby Lake CPU.Content material:
It is critical to be sure that your site content of essay is important and naturally delivers the message you can be aiming to say. The primary body of your respective essay should be perfect, genuine, frequent not to mention organized. You ought to verify the relevance from your content with the niche subject, plus ensure all items and points are included that you really designed to say. One can reference different subject pertinent guidebook being a reference point employing a sight to confirm factors and information and facts that you may have talked about inside essay.
This-shown factors are primary slips that publisher make even while composing a content. So as to figure out these goof ups, it is better to use some valuable proofreading strategies. This will help you to identify all moderate errors that made the text improper. There are plenty of proofreading strategies one can possibly use to check the subject matter. A lot of the useful tips are stated above directly below:
Essays should be go through by other individuals, so it is required to make it best in all of aspects. For composing an incredible essay, it is advisable to 1st publish a draft and focus it with in order that you will find no mistakes. While you are authoring it on your computer, you could use spell checkers and track improvements as long as in MS Phrase. These built-in proofreading equipment easily correct the slipups you will make whilst publishing.
You could also inquire somebody else to evaluate your articles and look it for goof ups. An alternative set of sight have the opportunity to uncover simply the faults that you choose to forgotten about at the same time proofreading.
Don’t strive to distinguish all kinds of issues at the same time. It is a bit more easy and helpful to proofread the information step-by-stride i.e. deal with each and every one feature individually. Furthermore, it actually is effortless any time you take a rest for short while between composing and proofreading article content. It actually is relatively tough to establish blunders just subsequent to authoring anything. If you retain this space, you will be able to view whatever you have basically published compared to what you designed jot down –.
Most individuals proofread this content as they prepare. When you use some type of computer to write your essay, use signs to mark the adjustments you get during a phrase. You could also use boldface or numerous tones to highlight various types of goof ups. This is going to remind you to definitely best the errors when you finally performed composing essay.
Moreover, also you can use web based proofreading gear to review to essay and proper the goof ups. Some software offer required strategies to make the making highly effective. Ginger herb, SlickWrite, Paperrater, Grammarly, Yahoo Docs, Text message-to-conversation are some significant web based proofreading gear that allow you to improve the quality of your content by developing it miscalculation-completely free, exact and organized. Except for these online proofreading applications, you will find assists like dictionaries, spell-checkers, referrals publications, and terminology publications that will help the author to compose actually-organised and grammatically precise content.
It usually is summed up that proofreading not only discover your faults, but is additionally will let you read the relevance of happy with the niche issue i.e. regardless of if the truth and drawings pointed out in essay are appropriate and applicable, and prices and terminology utilised in composing are thoroughly mentioned et cetera. Having said that, re-browsing the compose-up just as before is rather difficult and uninteresting job, yet it is pre-requisite of getting the authoring successful.Who doesn’t want perky, round, firm glutes? (For those of you who are wondering, glutes = butt) I know I sure do. We do lots of exercises for our abs, arms, thighs, and chest, but how many glute-specific exercises have you done lately?
The best way to target that sometimes-hard-to-reach region is through bent leg hip hyperextension exercises, such as Bridges and Hip Extensions (kneeling or standing). Today I’ll cover the former.
Even people who already have nice glutes can benefit from the following exercise. It targets your hamstrings, adductors (inside thighs), core, erector spinae (back muscles), and of course your glutes.
Setup
Lay face-up on a mat with your knees bent and feet on the floor, toes pointing away from you. Your feet should be hip-width apart and close to your bum.
Execution
Press through your heels and drive your hips up towards the ceiling. Keep your knees still, abs tight, neck relaxed, and your shoulders flat on the mat. Press up at high as you can, but don’t hyperextend your back. Squeeze your glutes HARD at the top of the motion. Gently lower your hips, then, as soon as they touch the floor again pop back up. Glutes are mostly slow-twitch muscle fibres, so they’ll benefit from a high rep range – try for 3 sets of 20 reps.
If you find you can do all 20 of these pretty easily, you can make this exercise harder by a) putting your feet on a bosu ball, b) doing it one leg at a time (rest your ankle on the opposing thigh in a triangle position), or c) resting a medicine ball or barbell on your hips to add some resistance.
Incorporate these puppies into your workout routine for the next couple months, and you may just find yourself filling out your jeans a little better this summer 😉
-Tess
(Jess)- Nice bum, where ya from 😉Seems to me that these "specialty burgers" places are the hot thing right now as there are a bunch popping up. I checked out OH BOY! on Queen last night. Man that was a tasty burger. Onion rings are also fantastic. Oh, and just to take the calorie count to another level, we also got the deep fried pickles, which comes with a side of wasabi mayo. I could eat 20 of those things, SO GOOD. Overall, the place was great, I would def go back, staff was good too. They did an amazing job with the decor/branding as well. I wanna check out Chuck & Co in Liberty village as well. Anyone been? What about Burger Shoppe on Ossington, any good?If you want to learn how to add swagger in ASP.Net Core then check my previous post. In this post, I will show you how to customize swagger UI to upload a file in ASP.Net Core Web API project. First, let’s add an action which will be responsible to upload a file in our API. If you want to know more about how to upload a file (from Postman) and save it in Azure storage then check my previous post.
Posts tagged with: swagger
Adding swagger in ASP.NET Core Web API
In this post i will show how to add, configure and customize swagger in ASP.NET Core web API project.
Let’s start by creating new ASP.NET Core web API project and adding swagger in our project. For .NET there is open source project swashbuckle which provide swagger implementation. We need to get it from nuget.Charities ‘AskU’ to turn spare time into cash
Australians can now give generously by donating minutes rather than money, with the launch today of an innovative, new market research app that turns people’s spare time answering questions into spare change for charity programs.
Called AskU, the app was developed by PwC in collaboration with The Australian Charities Fund (ACF).
AskU helps organisations to gain faster, real time market insights at a cost of 20 cents per question. Ten cents from each question answered goes to charity.
PwC CEO Luke Sayers says, “AskU is digital disruption at its best, using mobile technology to create economic and social benefits for both business and charity.”
“Businesses get faster access to insights, reducing the average time of traditional market research from six days to as few as 24 hours. Charities raise funds to help more people in need.”.
ACF CEO Jenny Geddes says, “AskU is an exciting game changer for the charity sector..”
ACF has licensed AskU in Australia and will continue to work with PwC to maintain the technology and build the AskU community of individual and business users.
Mr Sayers says, “It’s a win – win situation. The bigger and more diverse the AskU community, the more people who benefit from the funds raised and the stronger the market research database.”
Opportunity International Australia is the first charity to benefit from the funds raised and has received a $10,000 cheque.
Opportunity International Australia CEO Robert Dunn said, “Funds from AskU will go to its micro-financing program that helps families in poverty start their own small business such as a small farm that provides them with not only a sustainable income but a food source too.”
The next charity AskU will raise funds for is The Smith Family, specifically its Learning for Life program which supports disadvantaged children with their education.
Funds raised by users of AskU support one charity project at a time.
How does AskU work?
AskU is built on the premise of asking and answering questions.
Users will be asked two types of questions:
- Those that organisations pay to ask to gain insights. These questions may be directed to the whole AskU community or a specific target audience. Target audiences will be invited to participate and given a ‘unique’ log in to access the questions.
- A range of general questions that help build the profile of the individual user and the AskU community as a whole. These questions include topics such as entertainment, popular culture, sport, technology, health and leisure.
Video
File Library
Contact Profile
PwC
Dannielle Hinwood
P: 02 8266 0636
W:
Keywords
Categories
Sharing
More Formats
Tuesday, June 30, 2009
SRS YOU TELL US
Monday, June 29, 2009
Monday Moment #25
?
Whip of the Week #5
And it's not over yet! We still have much to do this week!
Tomorrow, go to Holly's blog for a "You Tell Us" feature. What's YOUR best revision tip?
Then, on Wednesday (after June is officially over!) come to Jolie's blog to make your case for THE WHIPLASH AWARD. Why should you get the hottest award of the summer? Tell us the sordid, fascinating details - we really want to know.
But first things first: honorable mentions for this week's WHIP OF THE WEEK (and trust us, it has become increasingly difficult to choose in this incredible pool of deserving Smackdowners).
Janet Lee Carey, who wrestled with the dreaded synopsis of one novel and wrote the first three chapters of a new novel. Be fearless, Janet! (Note from Holly: being in Janet's critique group, can I just say that I can't wait to hear the new book?!?!)
StinkyLulu, who met two of his three goals: revising PB#1 and making huge progress on a YA novel. Way to rock it, Brian!
-karen ann., who finished her manuscript revision and will be giving it to her critique group today. Right on, Karen!
And...the Week 5 WHIP OF THE WEEK...a force to be reckoned with is...
Realm Lovejoy!
Here's what Realm said about her week:une.!
We are proud of every one of you as you near the finish line. So, Smackdowners: what will be your goals for this week and beyond?
Friday, June 26, 2009
SRS Revision Report #4
Thursday, June 25, 2009
SRS Lash Flash #4: Kristin O'Donnell Tubb
I might as well have hopped out of the bushes on a dark and stormy night and yelled, “Boo!”, right? That’s how I felt about revising until I took a Novel Revision Workshop with Darcy Pattison (). One of the coolest tricks I learned at that workshop was what Darcy calls the “shrunken manuscript:” shrink your entire manuscript down to single-spaced 8-point font, and remove all page and chapter breaks. This will bring a 100-page manuscript down to roughly 20 pages.
There’s something about working with a shrunken manuscript that makes the revision process seem more manageable. Perhaps it’s easier to kill off your precious words when they’re in 8-point font. Perhaps it’s easier to move a block of text two pages, instead of
Revising is more than word choice and punctuation. It is “re-visioning” your story. And for me, being able to see my entire story in 30ish pages helps me to see if two characters play the same role, or if I’ve bludgeoned a point to death, or if the protagonist acts one way in Chapter 2 and another way in Chapter 10.
I have officially banished my fear of the Revision Ghouls leaping out at me on a dark and stormy night. Now if I could just do something about those First Draft Demons…
Wednesday, June 24, 2009
SRS Wednesday Whip Tip #4
Tuesday, June 23, 2009
SRS Smackdown Spotlight #4: Kjersten Anna Hayes
Monday, June 22, 2009
Monday Moment #24
SRS Whip of the Week #4
Friday, June 19, 2009
Why I Don't Work At Home
SRS Revision Report #3 (and a suggestion)
Thursday, June 18, 2009
SRS Lash Flash #3: Paula Yoo
Today, Paula offers us this great thought:
I have found that every time I try this trick, nine times out of ten it works and the real ending was the second-to-last-paragraph!
Wednesday, June 17, 2009
SRS: I'm Crackin' the Whip with a Big LOUD Smack!
SRS Wednesday Whip Tip: Jill S. Alexander
I'm a boot stompin' kind of excited to introduce you to my friend and debut novelist, Jill S. Alexander. But before I do, don't miss Justina Chen Headley's Whip Tip over at Holly's today.
I'm thrilled to welcome Jill Alexander, a debut novelist breaking onto the scene in big ways with her novel THE SWEETHEART OF PROSPER COUNTY. SWEETHEART was chosen to be part of BEA's first-ever YA Buzz Forum and was presented by Jill's editor, the fabulous Liz Szabla. How cool is that? Just take a read of the highlights of her BEA experience.
Jill sent along this tip for all of us in Smackdown Land (in complete Jill style!):
One of the things I hope to accomplish as a writer is to hold a reader in the story mosh, my words, and even when he or she has long since put the book down, a sound or a smell or glimpse can take them back to that story, that place, that character. So it is through this filter that I revise. Crappy dialogue, weak plot points, dry descriptions generally occur when I’ve written too far removed from the vibe or the voice. Improving any area of a manuscript requires my reconnecting with those two elements.
The Vibe: This is the mood, baby. My tattered HANDBOOK TO LITERATURE defines mood as “the emotional attitude that an author takes toward the subject or theme.”
The Voice: For me, this is the phrasing and word choice of the narrator as well as his or her outlook on the world.
Here are a couple of revision tips on reconnecting with the vibe and the voice.
2. Read the work aloud. This is a great way to catch those words, phrases, and paragraphs that just don’t jive with the vibe and the voice. If possible, read to a critique partner or group. Nothing shines a spotlight on the author's voice intruding on the story like reading aloud to a group.
Tuesday, June 16, 2009
SRS Smackdown Spotlight #3: Kelly Holmes
Monday, June 15, 2009
Monday Moment #23
SRS Whip of the Week #3
Let me tell you, it has been no simple task for us to choose one Smackdowner for the Whip of the Week. First, we have honorable mentions:
Sara Easterly, who caught up and surpassed her goals this week on her graphic novel. Go, Sara!
Jennie Englund, who whittled her manuscript down by 13K this week (!) to tackle the next phase. Woohoo, Jennie!
Shelley S., who subconsciously sabotaged her TV habit this week to make huge progress. Nice work, Shelley!
Casey McCormick, who revised every day this week and is 78 pages in. Sweet, Casey!
and now...our Whip of the Week for Week #3...the name you've all been waiting for...
drumroll...
Mary Cronk Farrell! Here's what Mary said about her week:
1) finished revising 48-page non-fiction project and handed it off to my critique group. 2)To begin my novel revision I packed up five copies of the manuscript returned from my critique group and set off to visit CHOCOLATE APOTHECARY. Cool chocolate store that serves espresso on the side. I sat in a comfy chair, sipped a mocha and read through all the critiques.
3) Sat down at computer and made the first run-through of the revision deleting an entire subplot.
Feels great.
So Smackdowners, feel the high-five of this Chocolate-sippin' moment. Go forth and revise, revise, revise!
Sunday, June 14, 2009
SRS: A Smackdown Host's Call for Guidance (in other words HELP)
Friday, June 12, 2009
SRS Revision Report #2
Thursday, June 11, 2009
SRS Lash Flash: Joni Sensel
Wednesday, June 10, 2009
SRS Wednesday Whip Tip: Darcy Pattison
For 12 years, I was the conference director for the Arkansas SCBWI spring conference and every year, someone one would come up and hold out a thick manuscript and ask if I could read it for them and tell them how to get it published. Well, no. I couldn’t do that. But I saw a passion and hope in the eyes of each writer and I wanted to help. I knew that the only thing that would ultimately help was a deep experience with revision.
Over a period of eight years, I led retreats and slowly developed the workbook which became
On my blog, Revision Notes, I keep thinking I'll run out of revision topics, but everything we do as writers comes back to revision.
Revision is personally hard and I fight against the process all the time. But I know, it’s the only way to develop stories to a publishable level. Like everyone else, I have passion and hope for my own stories.
Right now, I’m wrestling with a novel that has been long in process. I had written the opening chapters in a different sort of omniscient voice and it has been Smacked Down by those who read and/or considered it. I’m revising the opening 20 pages to be more immediate and active, and while I’m at it, I’ll give the rest of the story a fast run through. I’m hoping this revision will be relatively fast and I can also work in a second revision this summer. It’s a new story, with only a first draft done and I’m actually pretty pleased with that draft; but it needs extensive work on plot and character.
I guess the one thing I really want to say to the Smackdown Crew is that revisions are emotionally hard. My DH has been amazed at my passionate outbursts. You know the ones: how could that reader say this about my story; obviously, this reader didn’t read the whole thing or they’d understand and not ask such ridiculous questions; you want me to do what?
I’m fighting the process hard; but I’m not abandoning the process. I’m sticking it out – she says dramatically, throwing back her face and shielding her delicate skin from the sear of criticism. To say that I dislike drama queens is an understatement; yet, when I go through revisions, I become the most melodramatic drama queen in the nation. It’s hard. But I’m there.
Darcy's Novel Revision Retreats are fantastic. So if you have the chance...
2010April 30-May 2 Utah/Southern Idaho SCBWI, Sun Valley, IdahoNovember, Exact date TBA, Brazos Valley/Texas SCBWI
Tuesday, June 9, 2009
SRS Smackdown Spotlight #2: Vivian Mahoney
Thank you, Jolie! Hmmm. What makes me HipWriterMama? When I started blogging a couple years ago, I wanted a moniker that made me feel fearless in going public with my writing dreams. It was hard for me to see outside my identity of 'Mommy' and in some ways, I lost sight of my inner confidence after leaving my career to have children. Thus, HipWriterMama was born.
Fear has been my biggest challenge in moving forward. Getting my butt in the chair to write? No problem. I crave my writing time since my life is all about the kids and helping my husband grow his business. It's the fear that maybe an agent won't like what I've written that keeps me revising, rather than submitting.
Great attitude, Vivian! Keep on being fearless. Do you have a revision tip you can share with the rest?
The revision tip I'm going to offer today is to be easy on yourself and break your project down into manageable chunks. It could be one hour at a time (like Robin Mellom) or one chapter at a time. Whatever you choose, make sure it's something that's attainable so it can be done on a consistent basis. This habit will give you the strength and ability to work on your project no matter what gets thrown in your way. Let's face it, life throws a lot of curve balls and we need to know how to work past them. I've found it's the little steps that provide the fuel to take things to the next level. One chapter can turn into two. Into three. Into done. Are you game?
Thanks so much, Jolie!
Monday, June 8, 2009
Monday Moment #22
SRS Whip of the Week #2
What a week, whipper smackers. Holly and I were blown away. Keep it up in week two, and please feel free to post your progress (from week 1) if you haven't done so yet. And, it's never to late to join.
Drum roll please...
This week's Whip of the Week is...Wait...Wait...
It was a tie. The week was that good.
First, Kjersten Anna Hayes.
Here's what Kjersten had to say about her week:
Pin a rose on my nose because, no joke, I DOUBLED my goal for the week!
Here's one way to get a lot of revision finished: 1. Have a long to-do list of other stuff that doesn't seem as fun as (*ahem*) drawing.2. Have Holly and Jolie give you a permission slip to slack off on that long to-do list by working on revising that dummy you love to work on.3. Take up drawing. I think it was Kevan Atteberry who said at the conference, "what artist walks in their studio and says, shoot I think I have to draw today. Bummer." Certainly not this one. Drawing is what I do to procrastinate on other stuff.Thanks for the permission slip, Holly and Jolie.Now. I have a dusty to-do list of other stuff that REALLY needs to be tackled today.
And
Helen Landalf
About her week, Helen said:
I had a great week! I accomplished the following:- Made it through my entire novel, "first draft" revision. This included more filtering of events through the main character's perspective, more transformation of all major characters from beginning to end, several major new scenes.-Made it through the first 9 chapters, "second draft" revision: sharpening descriptions and dialogue, word choice tweaks, expanding scenes (I tend to rush).I'm right on target for finishing a "third draft" revision by next Saturday!
Way to go!
Honorable Mentions go to Molly Blaisdell, Martha Brockenbrough,and Mindy Hardwick! Go forth and crack the whip this week, Smackdowners!
Friday, June 5, 2009
SRS Whip-Snapper: Ben Watson
SRS Revision Report #1
Thursday, June 4, 2009
SCBWI TEAM BLOG: Interview with Betty G. Birney
SRS Lash Flash: Kirby Larson
.
Wednesday, June 3, 2009
SRS Candy Buzz: Progress (or Procrastination) Posts
SRS Wednesday Whip Tip: Bruce Coville
_87<<!
The. image, a video from the youtube or vimeo sites.
Many other cool features …Boards
Live broadcast from ATP!!
WFMU IS BROADCASTING FROM ALL TOMORROWS PARTIES THIS WEEKEND!
Relatively late-breaking news as of last week, WFMU will be in house at
Kutsher's in Monticello, NY to carry performances over our airwaves and
netwaves from the legendary ATP Festival, this year curated by My Bloody
Valentine.
We will be live Saturday starting at 3:00 PM, and Sunday at 3:30 PM, and while
we're still confirming artists who will be brodcast, these sets are set for
broadcast as of right now:
Saturday 9/20
3:00-3:45 PM Growing
4:15-5:00 PM Wooden Shjips
5:30-6:30 PM Harmonia
6:45-7:30 PM Om
8:00-9:15 PM Low / Polvo (half sets)
9:45-11:15 PM Thee Silver Mt.
Zion Orchestra
12:45-1:30 AM Lightning Bolt
Sunday 9/21
3:30-4:15 PM The Lilys
5:30-6:15 PM Mercury Rev
6:15-6:45 PM Spectrum (joining in progress)
6:45-7:30 PM Yo La Tengo
9:15-10:00 PM Bob Mould
10:00-11:00 PM Dinosaur Jr.
11:00-11:45 PM Brian Jonestown Massacre
Stay tuned to wfmu. org and our blog for more updates as we get closer.
WOOOOOOOOOO.
xx
wfmu
my favourite station and my favourite festival in love in. sweet
Kewl!
Wonder what time that is over here in the UK?
we're 5 hours ahead
Yeah...
They save the shows so u can actually download them. I download "The Best Shiw" all the time. 3 hours of great tunes and really funny segments! And of course the odd amazing guests = Patton Oswalt + Ted Leo anyone!
Oh yes.
xx
sweet
.
how
do you get the tunes with you download the Best Show (I assume you mean Show and not Shiw)? On the podcast the music is all edited out (which I don't mind, but might be better with the music)!
^^
i would like to know the answer to this too!
i
just downloaded it and the tunes were all on! Maybe they have changed it! Will have a look into it.
.
holy smokes!
wooden shjips and growing to nurse my sore head
YES
Ah
this looks so fucking good. I really hope they do have it all to download as I'd love to hear all of this.
Woooo! So this is how to capture the stream
Apologies if you already know how to do this, but this is the fruit of about 4 hours farting about trying to capture Howe Gelb being interviewed on 6 music a while back.
This is for Windows, unfortunately, but something similar should work for Macs and Linux boxes
So:
1. Download audacity from audacity.sourceforge.net. Under edit/preferences set the sound input to MME Microsoft Sound Mapper (or something similar: you may have to experiment here. It routes the output of whatever is going out to your speakers into the input of audacity).
2. Make sure you have some means of listening to the WFMU stream. You probably have some software on your computer to do this already. iTunes worked for me.
3. Play the stream.
4. Press the record button in Audacity.
This will eat up disk space like no tomorrow - so make sure you've got gigs of space. You can edit out the bits you want and save them to MP3 later.
Happy ripping!
I'm so excited. WFMU is one of my favourite stations, and the lineup at ATP is incredible. I hope Alan Sparhawk holds it together.
- AndrewThe.
The one that is bound to be the most crowd-pleasing, and therefore the likely winner of the Oscar when they’re announced on February 26, is PIPER. Directed by Alan Barillaro, it’s just six minutes long, but in that brief time it deftly tells the tale of an adorable baby Piper who battles and conquers the ocean's tide. The baby’s mother tries to teach her little one how to find food, and there are some wonderfully sly turns from a couple of snails that the little bird encounters that will remind you of how much personality Pixar brought to that cockroach in WALL-E. In fact, writer/director Barillaro worked on that film for Pixar in the animation department, as well as MONSTERS, INC., FINDING NEMO, and THE INCREDIBLES.
This is a Pixar entry and they or Disney have been nominated in this category every year for six years, with Pixar having won twice. They took the statue in 2013 for PAPERMAN, as well as in 2016 for FEAST. Both were marvelous short stories, heartfelt and whimsically witty. The same is true of this year’s nominee. At moments in its six-minute running time, PIPER may feel a bit precious, but Academy voters tend to vote for animated stories with cute animal characters. Still, even if Pixar seems to be gaining an edge with that which is adorable, they never let their entries become twee. There is always plenty of humor, and even sarcastic humor at that, evident in all their work. This short is no exception. You will find a welcome flavor of tartness throughout to balance how smoothly the sweet goes down.
Perhaps the closest competitor PIPER has is one that swings in the pendulum the farthest away from it. The short that does that is BLIND VAYSHA, the Canadian entry directed by Theodore Ushey. This eight-minute story tells of Vaysha, a young girl born with two different colored eyes. One is green and the other is brown. Her left eye, the green one, sees only the past, while her right brown eye can only see the future. Whenever she encounters someone, say a male suitor, she simultaneously sees the person as a child and as an old man. Her green eye envisions the past promise of his youthful potential, and her brown eyes only can see the hobbled old man he’ll become.
Based on short story by Bulgarian author Georgi Gospodinov, and given wonderful narration by Caroline Dhavernas, this short serves as a brilliant metaphor about time and how we should live in the present. Too often we long for the security of the past or ideally cling to the hope of a better tomorrow, yet all we really have is the moment. It's a message worthy of a daily reminder, and this short serves up that lesson in a sharp and pointed way. The roughly drawn images, all outlined with a thick, black line gives this short a wood-cut look. It's a style that gives it an air of something from long ago, almost a grimmer fairy tale, if your will. (A horror short of a Poe story would be a perfect fit for this macabre rendering style as well.)
Indeed, poor Vaysha is in her own personal hell, unable to see the world as it truly exists. We are all her. This is a short packed with razor sharp commentary as well as a blunt artistry.
Another short that packs a powerful punch, one that could be argued is even political, is BORROWED TIME. Andrew Coats and Lou Hamou-L’hadi, two Pixar veterans, branched out on their own here. Their direction is as deft as you'd expect from men with such experience, and indeed, one of the cleverest aspects of this short is how it plays off of their Pixar style. It has that distinct Pixar character design, but here that style accompanies a much, much darker story than is the studio's norm.
The story of this taut, 7-minute short focuses on two time periods. In the first, a weathered sheriff returns to the remains of an accident he’s spent his entire life trying to forget. It haunts him so because of the tragedy that occurred there on this desolate cliff when he was a young boy. The incident there changed his life forever and it's woven throughout as flashbacks. His memory of what happened with his sheriff father on a runaway stagecoach is juxtaposed with his mourning that plagues him well into his old age.
It’s a heartbreaking work, without one wasted second, beat or breath. For some, it may be a bit discombobulating to see Pixar-esque characters enacting something that is so utterly tragic, but look they should. It's a must-see short, powerful in its skill and political commentary about gun violence. It worked in BAMBI in 1942, and it works in 2017 with BORROWED TIME.
Sometimes an animated short conjures more of a feeling than a strict A to B narrative, and that is what is so great about the fourth nominee entitled PEARL. Patrick Osborn directed this six-minute American short and it is a visually poem really to the spirit of the roads of America. The inside of the home of a traveling musician is his hatchback, and from there, the story is told. The audience follows that journey as the musician takes his young daughter with him on his journey criss-crossing across the country in pursuit of his dreams.
Seeing the two of them age in such a fluid and breezy manner, all from the many perspectives from inside the auto, stands as a significant achievement of narrative as well as technology. The perspective work, showcasing every angle from the interior of all the various levels inside the car, is a marvel. All the more so because Osborn ensures his camera is constantly in motion. Low angles, high angles, through the windows, through an open door – we see their lives in every way from inside this car, yet it’s never self-conscious.
And as the girl grows and follows in her father’s footsteps into a music career, don’t be surprised if a tear or two sneaks up on you. This short is subtle yet very potent, rendered as seamless as it is beautiful, and as pure animation, it may be the most accomplished of this year’s crop.
There are three other shorts accompanying the program from the Academy’s shortlist, though these didn’t make the final five. They are THE HEAD VANISHES, ASTERIA and HAPPY END, and as always, any of these could easily have been in the finals for the Oscar too.
The last short shown in the program, comes after all of these, and it’s placed there because of its adult content. (In case, anyone brought young children or is going to be put off by R-rated content, this one comes with a warning.) And even if this short isn't for every audience, PEAR CIDER AND CIGARETTES stands as the standout animated short of this year.
It's a Canadian entry, directed by Robert Valley, that is based on his graphic novel. The short may be too long for most Academy members to sit through at 35 minutes long, but they are doing themselves a great disservice if they do not as each moment of this one is utterly enthralling. It is a dark and foreboding tale, true, but it's presentation is gorgeous from first second to last.
The story concerns a gifted teen named Techno who grows up to be one turbulent and troubled adult. He may have been the coolest kid in his Vancouver high school, excelling in sports and girls and swagger, but now, he's struggling just to stay alive. Like many bad boys from high school, the kind guys want to be like and girls want to be with, their rebellious leanings don’t translate to the real world of rent and responsibility.
Still, its Techno’s charisma that draws his high school friend Robert to follow him throughout life. The inciting moment comes when Techno is holed up inside a Chinese hospital, awaiting a new kidney, and Robert decides to fly over to help take care of him. Techno is a handful, ignoring his doctor’s advice, guzzling booze and sneaking smokes whenever he can. He's turned yellow from Hepatitis C, but that doesn't stop him from living on the edge. His liver isn’t the only thing faltering though as his reputation suffers too in Robert's eyes. Still, he wants to help his buddy return to his former self and the back and forth of such a task is where the majority of this story exists.
Valley’s story is brutally honest and even profane at times, and shows a bit of nudity too, but this artist/author/director isn’t afraid to weave in some whimsey and even some esoteric metaphors as well. A stray black cat that Techno has taken a shine to keeps popping up in his hospital room despite Robert's best efforts to remove the potential infection risk. The black cat is metaphor enough, but the fact that he seems to have nine lives certainly parallels the many times Techno has flirted with death and gotten away with it. It's one of Valley's cleverest running gags here.
And Valley’s storytelling artistry is utterly enthralling in every single frame. Each shot of his noir-esque Asian story is framed, lit, and composed with the utmost of care. Every single shot is practically a work of art, yet it doesn't have a showiness to it like TREE OF LIFE had. This story is told as a remembrance, so of course all the moments are crystallized in tableaus.
Adding immensely to this production is the brooding, cynical narration and the varied soundtrack of 18 plus songs, everything from Metallica to moody jazz. It may be a morose tale about a troubled man’s decline, but every inch of this short seethes with artistry and energy. It's a singular and stunning work.
The Academy shorts will open throughout the nation on Friday, February 10, so treat yourself to this brilliant showcase of shorts. The animated ones are easily the most impressive of any collection I've seen since writing this blog. And be sure to catch my take on the Live Action Shorts in the next few days here at The Establishing Shot.San Bernardino County has received three more claims seeking money on behalf of those affected by the terrorist attack at the Inland Regional Center, bringing the number of claims to 14 a day before the six-month deadline to file.
The three claims, which total more than $10.1 million, were filed by the family of one of the slain, a man who survived the shooting and an insurance company that covers some IRC employees.
The claims were stamped as received by the county May 27 and made public Wednesday. The deadline for filing claims with the county is Thursday — the six-month anniversary of the attack. If a claim is rejected by a city or county, the claimant then has six months to file a lawsuit. Several early Dec. 2-related claims already have been rejected.
Mark Sandefur seeks more than $5.5 million in damages related to the loss of Daniel Kaufman, the nephew he raised since childhood.
Kevin Ortiz, who was shot multiple times, said he continues to suffer severe physical, mental and emotional injuries, and seeks in excess of $150,000.
And Republic Indemnity Company of California, which provided workers’ compensation insurance for the Inland Regional Center, seeks more than $4.5 million. The company said it has already spent more than $23,000 in connection with workers’ compensation claims made by five IRC employees and expects additional expenses.
County spokesman David Wert responded with the same statement he has made when other claims were filed: “The county will carefully consider each claim and act in the best interests of everyone involved.”
Republic Indemnity alleges that San Bernardino County was negligent in not providing adequate security at the Dec. 2 gathering at which county health inspector Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, 29, fatally shot 14 people and wounded 22 others in what the FBI declared the deadliest terrorist act on U.S. soil since 9/11.
“Claimant is further informed and believes that the County of San Bernardino knew, or should have known, that its employee, Syed Rizwan Farook, had engaged in adversarial and argumentative conduct with his co-employees, and as such, posed a reasonably foreseeable danger to those persons in close proximity to the holiday party,” the claim states.
The company further alleges that the county negligently hired and trained Farook, and that Farook’s violent intentions should have been apparent once the party began.
“The County of San Bernardino failed to perform an adequate background check of Syed Rizwan Farook and further failed to intervene to protect persons in their employ, as well as persons in close proximity to where this holiday party took place once it was determined that Syed Rizwan Farook had become a disgruntled, unhappy, and violent employee as said holiday party progressed,” the company alleges in a two-page attachment to the claim form.
Ortiz and Sandefur each wrote a few sentences.
“The county breached its duty to provide a safe work environment for its employees and visitors, in all aspects,” Sandefur’s claim says in part. “The county also breached its duty to hire and retain workers who, working under the color of authority of the county, are not a danger to others.”When I try, I get a message asking me to download/try Premiere Elements 10.
At the time that I ordered and downloaded Elements 10 the Adobe 'Live Chat'person told me that Elements 10 was backward compatible with Premiere Elements 4: that it WOULD allow me to use 4.
Any suggesstions, please.
Premiere Elements projects aren't even remotely backward compatible, Chik. It's impossible to open a newer version project with an older version of the program. Sorry. (It's also dangerous to try to open an older version project with a newer version of the program, by the way.)
It's best to finish your work in the project you started it.
I don't think you understand.
I have Photoshop Elements 10. I want to send my slide shows to Premiere Elements 4.
I had Photoshop Elements 6 and I had no problem sending slideshows to Premiere Elements 4.
Before I upgraded to Photoshop Elements 10, I was told (by Adobe LiveChat) that I could do the same thing from Photoshop Elements 10... and send my slideshows to Premiere Elements 4.
Was I mislead?
Yep. Sorry.
Premiere Elements 4 and Photo Elements 6 are a set. They talk to each other. (After Premiere Elements 4, Adobe made Premiere Elements and Photo Elements releases the same version number to avoid confusion.) Using the Organizer in Photo Elements 4, you can send your slideshow to Premiere Elements 4. (Technically, your slideshow is coming from the Organizer, not Photo Elements.)
Open the Organizer from Premiere Elements 10. This is the version 10 Organizer. It WILL port your slideshow to Premiere Elements 10 if you select the Send to Premiere Elements option. (Though do make sure your photos are no larger than 1000x750 pixels.)
I don’t HAVE Premiere Elements 10.
I have Premiere Elements 4 .
When I dealt with Live Chat that is why I enquired about compatibility with Premiere Elements 4.
If I had been told that Photoshop Element 10 (with Organizer) was NOT compatible with Premiere Elements 4; I would not have bought, it and instead would have considered purchasing the ‘bundled’ Photoshop Elements 10/Premiere Elements 10 combination…. But I was told the opposite so (in order to save some money) I purchased the stand-alone Photoshop 10.
If you are an Adobe representative, please email me, I will give you the order number, and forward a copy of the ‘Live Chat’ conversation and perhaps we can discuss a solution.
Thanks
This is a user to user forum with, as far as I know, nobody from Adobe reading or posting
Try this email address for feedback adbecare@adobe.com to Adobeclindomycin effectiveness in treating staph appliances in the tampa bay area. devorame lyric otra ven vez... TEEN are affected by domestic violence. always talkin about what you go lyrics... jobs at glastonbury festival 2009, free access to mysql convert. combo box number of items 2008 tennessee charter school requirements? what continent is cameroon located on new car collision insurance amounts midi i need you to turn to? romeo and juliet review 1996 ems field data collection and billing software; physician and credentialing and illinois. 2009 auto sales tax deduction... difference between computer science and computer engineering.
xavier gold you used to hold me, animal rights and research articles ave fort wayne in 46809. on camera it wasnt me; army practical nurse course el paso. chocolate making workshop for two air air compressor husky scout, center for action and contemplation albuquerque. travel trailer expo on long island, mid manhattan italian restaurants nyc; dc house of representatives gallery facts... how fast do morel mushrooms grow... download direct x 8.1 for window 2000: baby corporate office r us. cliff notes secret life of bees alexander mcqueen skull t shirt wma trojandownloader getcodec c trojan. city club lake salt social utah: anime galerias maiden manga rozen.
import contacts into exchange 2003... rich michaels radio program east lansing michigan. filtrete ultra allergen furnace filter java mp3 player with equalizer? cold case murders in pa; 4237 e 4th street long... marc jacobs totally turnlock mini quinn afh 33 337 the tongue. connect the ps3 to the internet pictures of yu gi oh the cartoon. asp convert java site web 555 0100 spawn a jetmax, bear departure rex rivera ron year? brigadier general james m. stewart, bbc in news radio urdu world, pau d' arco and cancer.
arch enemy enter the machine mac users company grants.gov grumman system compatible, fuel trim bank two condition. life life series times times verdi; biographical evangelicals guide historical thematic. turnkey projects in insulation & ducting converting act 2005 to 2008. of the board that baduk is player angelik from rock of love, diane sawyer interview with oprah! dual boot with two harddrives laurent miniature perfume saint yves. collisions of asteriods and comets; windows 98 startup disc download... vertical siding rigid styrofoam backing, medical service corps home page driving and talking on cell phone statistics.
brea the in brea the; tips on getting rid of love handles, music hits of the 50s. david bowie heroes guitar tab, medical protective barrier hand cream; trinity bar wow ui download. how to draw a pencil drawing, set voice records as ringtones, waitforservice resourcematching appleintelcpupowermanagement timed out? cd rates in new york banks black dual shock 3 wireless controller. blue and brown feather down comforters; theatre tickets for london great britain, circle line cruise new york. cheap hot holidays in april, cell phone used verizon wireless; cray research 1988 clock memorabilia... cabin rentals in southern michigan stacey dash smooth magazine pics; sample epson pos printer programs...Overview
Perfect if you are looking to gain experience in semi independent living.
Perfect if you are looking to gain experience in semi independent living.
Independent Living (Entry Level 2 / Entry Level 3)
203040/1/1
03/09/2018
03/07/2019
15 hours per week
Folkestone
Independent Living (Entry Level 2 / Entry Level 3)
203040/1/1
03/09/2018
03/07/2019
15 hours per week
Folkestone
You’ll learn to develop your social skills through practical activities and projects. You will also gain experience in life-related areas such as: cookery, shopping and looking after yourself.
There are no formal entry requirements for this programme. For further information please contact our Support Services Team.
Assessment will be continuous in all areas throughout the programme. It is an expectation that certain skills learnt at College are transferred into the home and local community.:
Folkestone Campus – 01303 858300 (or email folkestone@eastkent.ac.uk)
Please note: For those claiming state working age benefit this course is classed as part-time.
On successful completion you could progress onto our Horizons 2 programme where you will be able to develop your vocational and work skills further for our Ready Steady Work programmes.
Back To Topino Donaggio - Telescope (1984 Body Double Soundtrack)
DMCA: Are you the owner of this convertable material and do you want to disable the conversion of your media on clip.dj? Then you can request a conversion block for this video.223
I DO NOT OWN THIS MUSIC.
original version taken from the "Love and Menace" compilation (1989), this extended version made in 2008.
Hey Youtube here's something i found on my massive disk with music from 1955 till now and wasn't on youtube yet. In my opinion ...
Umas das partes mais marcantes deste filme é esta cena da dança...(.) Body Double Filme de 1984 Body Double é um filme de ...
Pino Donaggio - theme from Body Double.
This is the original bootleg version of the "Body Double" theme. I think this version fits the movie better than the album". 2012 SP1 ISZ -Full Activation
Autodesk AutoCAD 2012 SP 1 ISZ - Full Activation | 2.09 GB
AutoCAD is the world leader in solutions for the 2D-and 3D-design. As more graphic, 3D modeling allows us to accelerate the design work and documentation, share models and develop new ideas.
For thousands of AutoCAD available add-ins that can satisfy the needs of a wide range of clients. ® Windows XP Professional or Home edition (SP2 or later)
- For Windows Vista and Windows 7 dual-core Intel Pentium 4 or AMD Athlon ® «true color»
- ®, Intel ® Xeon ® with Intel EM64T support, «true color»,).
Link Extabit:
If links die, I will reupload at here.
No Pass
Or
or
or
Thread Information
Users Browsing this Thread
There are currently 1 users browsing this thread. (0 members and 1 guests)
ESRI ArcGIS for Desktop 10.4.1...
cách đây 4 phút in Phần mềmNew
Dr Brown's Microwave steam sterilizer
Includes 2 wide neck baby bottles (8oz)
Sterilizes upto 4 bottles at a time in the microwave.
Fits most baby bottle brands
BPA FREE
This product is no longer in stock
Warning: Last items in stock!
Availability date: (8oz) bottles & a pair of tongs.
Dr. Brown's Steriliser is uniquely suited to fit Dr. Brown's baby bottles and accessories. It sterilises Dr Brown's Natural Flow bottles & accessories effectively killing all household bacteria ensuring your baby is only feeding from bottles that are germ-free.
No customer reviews for the moment.2016 Millennial's Shopping & Purchase Behaviors for K&B Remodels
NKBA members are eligible for a discount on this item. To purchase this item for the member price, please contact the Member Relations team at 1 (800) THE-NKBA.
Learn all about the purchasing habits of millennials in regards to kitchen and bath products and services and how they compare to the buying habits of other generations. Based on 513 interviews among Millennials, Generation X and Baby Boomer households, this study will provide you with all the information you need to better market to this increasingly important demographic.
To view the Executive Summary of this report, click here.Gennady Onishchenko (file photo) (ITAR-TASS) April 21, 2006 -- The presidium of Russia's State Council has decided to set up a special government commission to review how the country deals with its growing problem of HIV infections.
Russia's chief health inspector, Gennady Onishchenko, described the decision as "historic." He said fighting HIV and AIDS would no longer be a purely medical issue, but also a political one.
More than 350,000 Russians are officially registered as having HIV, but domestic and foreign experts believe the true number of infections may be more than 1 million.
(ITAR-TASS, Interfax)
Related
Most Popular
Most-Read Articles
Most-Viewed MultimediaReactivated modding group after few years under new name and logo but with the same members ! Perfect Team is a past, welcome new Dreamcase - Modding Group !
Ladies and Gentlemen! Dear Fans! PerfectTeam proudly presents one of the creators of the soundtrack for upcoming "Command & Conquer 3 - Mutants Revenge...
leo biollo - one of the creators of "mutants revenge" soundtrack
After months of hardly working we're presenting you another big update of "Command & Conquer 3 - Mutants Revenge".
mutants revenge newsletter no.9
It's Christmas time! So celebrate that special day! And guess what? Santa Claus has the special gift for you...
mutants revenge newsletter no.8 - christmas time!
It’s us again, your PerfectTeam... Outside our windows it is raining and it’s cold – autumn the most depressing season…
mutants revenge newsletter no.7
Hello Command and Conquer fans, it’s us again! And this is "Command & Conquer 3 - Mutants Revenge" August Uptade.
mutants revenge newsletter no.6
This is time for some news for you ! We think its good news, today you will see new toys of destruciton and more !
mutants revenge - hot news !!!
"We work to better ourselves, and the rest of fans... and now you all can see what we've done..." ~ Makintosh!
mutants revenge newsletter no.5s
This vehicle became yet another proof of the high capabilities of mutant technical staff. Based on old tiberian war technology, Hover MRLS came back to...
mutants revenge newsletter no.1 - mutant hover mr.Buy instagram comments and get the best opportunity to become popular and get numerous of followers and likes at lowest price. Getting a huge list of good quality of comments on your instagram photos will help you to grab new people to become your followers. Lots of businessmen and individuals share their product photos on instagram for attracting people and also for getting their likes or comments. You want to make your product popular on instagram that time instagram comments playing a very important role to make your product popular.
You can buy instagram comments at our website. We know the importance of getting likes or comments on your photos, likes and comments are very importance for getting new followers for their instagram profile. If you share good quality of photos then the chances of getting success on social world will become higher and the number of your comments or likes will increase. If you want to get real instagram likes or comments then you should contact with real people and if you can’t contact them then you should come at our website, we will solve your problems and provide your real comments to make your photos popular on instagram.
At present scenario instagram is using as the best social platform for getting popularity and promoting any product. If people are having a huge number of instagram comments on your photos then it will be the best marketing technique for attracting people to purchase their product. If you want to get attracted by your targeted audience then you must get a huge number of good qualities of instagram comments. Get attracted by good and real people is very important for your instagram profile because real followers and likes will help you to win the competition of getting popularity on social world. Comments represent the quality of your product and also give the reasons that the product or brand will be right or not for your needs. According to current competition to get a lot of comments for your photos are not easy but not impossible because we are here available to provide you real comments or likes to your photos rapidly. As a result we want to say buy instagram comments with us will be the best investment for your business.
By buying instagram comments you can increase the interest of your followers and viewers and also you increase the traffic to your profile rapidly. By a huge list of instagram comments anyone can increase its business famousness in few times. If you are buying instagram comments at our website then you will increase the traffic to your profile to like your photos and get comments on them. Having a huge number of comments will increase the chance for getting numerous of new followers and likes to your photos. In short words we can say that comments are very important for getting more and more followers and also important for getting new comments. By buying instagram comments you can increase your business visibility. If want to promote your brand by sharing photos on instagram then getting comments on your photos will be easy. Getting instagram comments will help you to get attracted by new people.
Fast service delivery, very helpful customer support and real results after 3 days?Your browser does not seem to support JavaScript. As a result, your viewing experience will be diminished, and you have been placed in read-only mode.
Please download a browser that supports JavaScript, or enable it if it's disabled (i.e. NoScript).
But you can not make a separate unit for the player not depending on the page of the site, for better navigation on the site....Such as here header menu..
Looks like your connection to Bitrad.io was lost, please wait while we try to reconnect.US equity prices and US Treasury yields are tumbling after the disappointingly narrative-destroying retail sales data for ‘gas tax cut’-based December. The Dow is now down almost 600 points from yesterday’s highs At 2.39%, 30Y Yields have never been lower…ever! US stock indices are down 3% year-to-date, testing the lows of the year. Crude is rolling back over, gold is surging, and the USDollar is fading… Zero Hedge
SHEMITAH CYCLE – Dow Drops 600 Points In 24 Hours As 30Y Yield Crashes To Record Low, US Dollar FadingYou are here
With its ability to reach up to 360 different points per second, the human eye is a pretty powerful organ. It is well known that a simple glance can change someone’s mood. Several studies have been conducted in order to help us understand how the eyes work and what opportunities are offered by such an important organ. One technology that has come out of such studies is eye-tracking, but what exactly is eye-tracking technology? It’s a technology based on the analysis of eye movements and rotations and is used to collect different types of information like pupil diameter changes, blink frequency, and the eye’s speed. There are several different methods of eye-tracking; however, most eye-tracking technologies use a light source and camera to analyze the eye.
The data collected by the eye-tracking technology can be used in many ways. It can show the visual path someone takes when using a digital screen or shopping in a store, but it can also show the mental effort associated with a glance. So, if you thought you were in charge of what you look at when visiting a website or playing a video game, you are wrong.
Eye-tracking is a useful technology allows researchers to better understand human behaviors and improve interfaces. And now smart glasses have given this technology a new dimension by giving consumers the opportunity to use it to personally improve their lives. Multiple industries are currently trying to integrate eye-tracking technology into their products. For example, eye-tracking technology could help drivers avoid dangerous situations by detecting signs of eye-fatigue or difficulties in focusing on the road.
Currently, eye-tracking technology is mainly used to analyze data about the human eye, but is continuing to grow as an ideal solution to explore the potential of the eyes. However, further studies need to be conducted to determine the long term impact on the eyes and the possibility of eye strain.- Rudyard Kipling Primary School & Nursery
Chalkland Rise
Woodingdean
Brighton
East Sussex
BN2 6RH
- Head: Mrs Joanne Smith
- T 01273 303328
- F 01273 304 597
- E admin@kipling.brighton-hove.sch.uk
- W…rimary/kipling
- A state school for boys and girls aged from 2 to 11.
- Boarding: No
- Local authority: Brighton and Hove
- Pupils: 433
- Religion: Does not apply
-: Satisfactory on 9th October 2009
- Ofsted report: View the Ofsted report
Rudyard Kipling is a mainstream primary school and currently supports children with a range of special educational needs. We support children at the stages of school action and school action plus and those who have a statement of special educational need. Our current support includes that for children with literacy and numeracy difficulties, speech and language difficulties, milder sensory need, fine and gross motor difficulties, children with an autistic spectrum disorder including Asperger's, children on the dyslexic spectrum and those with a social, emotional and behavioural difficulty. We have recently become wheelchair accessible to children in Key Stage 2 (seven years and upwards). Class teachers from Nursery to Year 6 work closely with the special educational needs coordinator and parents in identifying and supporting special educational need. We aim to promote parent partnership in individual education plan target setting and offering consistency of support at home and at school. We work closely with a speech and language therapist and a speech and language support teacher. We liaise with Brighton and Hove's learning support service supporting children with more significant literacy difficulties. We also regularly liaise with an occupational therapist and physiotherapist, the autistic spectrum disorder support service, children and adolescent mental health service, school nurse and G.Ps. An educational psychologist supports our assessment and support for pupils where appropriate. Rudyard Kipling also houses a Special Facility accomodating eight pupils with a Statement for autistic spectrum disorder and related difficulties. This facility has a separate team comprising of a facility coordinator and learning support assistants working with the children in the facility rooms and supporting their integration into mainstream school life and mainstream classes, with levels of integration varied according to.
Sent my son their after difficulties related to ASC at a previous school. Staff are young and enthusiastic. Calm atmosphere and wonderfully behaved kids. Lots of physical space. An inspiration for state primaries!
Commented on 10th Feb 2016Blustery
Blustery 25-below, O Walt, I wouldn't go And live with animals tonight— Or anytime soon. How do They survive in their snowy lairs? How could I, for that matter, who Haven't taken the wild Swedish plunge Every chilly night to thicken my fur layer By layer, I who doze by the fire With the phone to my ear, Doze the whole new year Listening to my wife in such weird Zone-warping tropical heat, naked, Whispering her desire for 50-below, If it brings her home. That's fur Of a different nature, Walt, layer Upon layer of love that glows, grows Over us like a sun-lit coat. O we are hothouse flowers, Walt, Naked and limply alive in a narrow Equatorial band. Otherwise, we die. Walt, we must make do With our lovely human hair.
Copyright © 2011 by Neil Shepard. Used with permission of the author.
Copyright © 2011 by Neil Shepard. Used with permission of the author.Category: Modern Lighting >> Modern Desk Lamps >>
Anglepoise Original 1227 Task Light
Design by George Carwardine.
The 1227 was originally designed in 1935. George Carwardine, working in the automotive industry, was tinkering in his shop and developed a spring which could be moved easily in every direction yet also remain rigid when held in position. This new spring was the basis for the 1227. The shade was developed to concentrate the beam of light on the task at hand and therefore could use a lesser wattage lamp. Soon it was realized that the 1227 would work just as well for a reading lamp as it did for factory task lighting.
Reissued to celebrate it 75th Anniversary. The Original 1227 is made with aluminum arms and a heavily weighted base for extra stability.
Material(s): aluminum
Dimensions:
Designer:
Kenneth Grange
Room:
Office Lighting
Manufacturer:
AnglepoiseBl.
As Greg Street of Blizzard says, “I think certainly that we would place really heavy demand on the technical structure of those things before [the Xbox 360] was something Blizzard would want to get into.” Unfortunately for Microsoft, it can’t be good news when one of the biggest video game publishers in the world says that your console just can’t cut it. It may not be said in so many ways, but from that statement alone it sounds like Blizzard has already looked at the technical aspects of the 360, and determined that it just wouldn’t work.
But, that’s not all of the bad news. In the interview with CVG, Street also pointed a finger at the closed nature of Xbox LIVE in of itself. He says that there would have to be some major discussions between them and Microsoft, before anything even remotely could get kicked off. There’s no hiding the fact that Microsoft hasn’t been putting any real focus on MMO titles, and the Redmond-based company is still against letting gamers play cross-platform titles.
Blizzard seems to be at two different points with bringing an MMO to the Xbox 360. First, it sounds like they don’t believe the console would be even capable of running a title. But, on the other side of the coin, even if they could manage to get a game up and running, it is Xbox LIVE’s inherent nature that prevents them from making it happen. To make a certainly long story short, it doesn’t seem likely that a Blizzard MMO is going to land on the Xbox 360. Süllberg Karlheinz Hauser puts you 5.9 mi (9.5 km) from Imtech Arena. For a bite to eat, guests can check out Seven Seas, which serves French cuisine and is open for dinner. A bar/lounge and a terrace are other highlights, and rooms at this luxurious hotel offer up nice touches like pillowtop beds with Egyptian cotton sheets.Hello everyone, my problem is really strange. After applying the 3D Camera Tracker tool to my footage, I seem to have no track points. This is making tracking really difficult, please help cos I don't know what I'm doing wrong. Thanks.
I have attached an image to further explain this issue, with the triangulated points in a red circle.
Thanks.
Try increasing the size of the tracker points. If that doesn't help, reboot.
Also, you'll need to remove all tracker points that are following the man in the frame because they will foul up the solve. This looks like a tough shot to get a good camera track from if the buy is moving around.
None of the options given worked. Thanks though.
The only track points I got when I tried tracking again were on the subject, I'd love the tracker points to appear on the glass/aluminium door & windows instead, cos I'd love to create a solid & 3D Camera to cover them. This takes care of the reflection & ensures the inserted assets blend with the scene.
What version of AE are you using? (Specific version number please: 13.1.0, 12.2.1.5, etc. and not just "CC 2014".)
AE Version 11.0.4.2.
By the way, I've tried tracking another shot & it worked flawlessly, so why is this one so different & difficult?
Is there any workaround besides frame by frame movement of whatever I intend to use?
Thanks.
Some shots AE's camera tracker will not work on at all. Simple as that. Some it works very well on, some only soso. That's why I have 3 different camera trackers.
You could try and do a simple roto of your actor so he no longer is in the scene, then pre-compose and run camera tracer on the pre-comp. If that doesn't work try tracking in Mocha and using something like Corner Pin.
Will try those options. Thanks.The master regulator of IncA/C plasmids is recognized by the Salmonella Genomic island SGI1 as a signal for excision and conjugal transferJános Kiss, Péter Pál Papp, +4 authors Ferenc OlaszNucleic acids research2015The genomic island SGI1 and its variants, the important vehicles of multi-resistance in Salmonella strains, are integrative elements mobilized exclusively by the conjugative IncA/C plasmids. Integration and excision of the island are carried out by the SGI1-encoded site-specific recombinase Int and the recombination directionality factor Xis. Chromosomal… (More)This is the all in one tool that I keep in my purse. I bought the tool at Cabela's, the carabiner with the compass is from Coleman and the colors match perfectly.
The Cabela's tool contains a pliers, flashlight, saw, pocketknife, phillips head screwdriver, bottle opener, and a regular screwdriver.
Well, if that isn't just about the coolest tool ever! And, what a super drawing of it! nancy
I loveeeee these tools. I was crazy about them at one time, and I bought an expensive Gerber Multiplier 600, Gerber Legend 800, and I was so tempted to get a Leatherman, and a Victorinox too. Not to mention that I already have a Victorinox Swiss Army knife. Thanks MacGuyver ^^
Really nice drawing by the way, love the green!
Oh...do these really come in green? Love it! Great drawing!
Great drawing - and I covet the green. My H2B has a leatherman and it is so very useful.
Great idea!!!! Love it! And the text!
Awesome drawing and super nifty tool. Love the green!
Thank you. This was the first time I'd ever seen a Leatherman type tool in a color other than silver.
Great sketch and great tool too.
I would definitely want to be with you in an emergency! Great sketch!Propane – The Science in 15 Seconds.
Sometimes referred to as liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), propane is a three-carbon alkane gas (C3H8) produced from both natural gas processing and crude oil refining. Propane is stored under pressure in a tank as a colorless liquid; it is naturally odorless, but an odorant is added to detect leaks.
Propane is an approved clean fuel listed in the 1990 Clean Air Act and the Energy Policy Act of 1992. It’s nontoxic, so it’s not harmful to soil or water.
What Can Propane Do For You?
More than you might imagine. Propane is used all over Hawaii:
• For residential water heaters, air conditioners, furnaces, outdoor grills, fireplaces and appliances.
• On farms to control pests, dry crops and power irrigation pumps.
• To drive forklifts and industrial vehicles.
• For heating, cooking and much more at thousands of businesses – including restaurants and hotels.
Put propane on your side. Find a location near you.
Almost anyone can use the clean-burning and efficient energy propane gas provides.
Hawaii families use propane in and around their homes for furnaces, water heaters, air conditioners, outdoor grills, fireplaces, and appliances.
Hawaii farmers use propane-fueled equipment and technologies to control pests, dry crops, and power irrigation pumps.
Industrial workers use propane-driven forklifts and fleet vehicles.
Hotels, hospitals, universities and others use propane to produce electricity and thermal energy in combined heat and power (CHP) and cogeneration applications.
And thousands of commercial establishments, including restaurants and hotels, depend on propane for heating, cooking, and other uses.He said, “Look up.” So, I looked up, and I saw the most beautiful stars. They were like Hubble Space Telescope Images, but I could see them with my own unaided eyes. All the colors were there, close enough to touch, yet glittering and dancing against the black of space, each one twinkling its own unique light. I was kneeling in the dream, but the sight was so beautiful it knocked me backward, the backs of my thighs now folding onto my calves. I began to cry, and that is when I woke up.
Earlier in the dream, I had been visiting a friend. When I had meandered outside the walls of a weathered barn where I had been perusing the friend’s library, there were two gentlemen who greeted me, one rocking quietly in an old wooden chair and the other seated in a still chair beside him. “Hello,” the rocking one said, “I’m Hiram.” “Hiram,” I replied, pronouncing the name like high-rum. “That’s an interesting name.” “It’s pronounced ‘hear-em.’ Hear-em Edson,” he followed.
When I woke, I was a bit discomfited as I believed that the friend I had visited in the dream was ill. I asked my mom to please call her just to confirm that she was alright. I went on to tell my mother about this strange dream, in which I met a man named Hiram Edson. It felt odd, and I wondered if it meant something. So, as anyone with a screen and a data plan would do, I googled the name ‘Hiram Edson,’ only to find that he indeed lived on a farm, with a barn as I had seen. He was one of the founders of the Seventh Day Adventist faith.
This was enormously interesting to me, and even more so, it was interesting because this was the faith of my early childhood. I do not have any active recollection of every hearing about Hiram Edson or seeing his barn, but I was fascinated to be reading this stuff now, especially in the discovery that his farm was a mere four-hour drive away from my home. Field Trip!!!
As the summer waned and all the other obligatory traveling was completed, I found the window of time two weekends back to make the visit. As I prepared to go, I learned that I was going to be a stone’s throw away from Hill Cumorah in Palmyra, New York, where Joseph Smith had his revelatory experiences of the Book of Mormon. Having spent time this summer already at a Zen monastery, I figured I would pack up the kids and take an even deeper dive into enlightenment, revelation, and American religious syncretism.
We had an excellent adventure that took us all about, and our timing coincided with the annual Hill Cumorah Pageant, at which hundreds of performers enact, before a crowd of many thousands, ten vignettes from the Book of Mormon. We visited the historic site of the Seneca Falls 1848 Declaration of Sentiments for women’s rights. And, then, we made it to the location of my dream, hunting down I know not what. It was a rich but heavy experience, leading my eight-year old to proclaim at one point that he needed to do some crime because he had simply had too much religion. He asked me to roll down the window so he could throw a Dorito chip on the highway in protest.
I found myself wondering what was I doing at all these places. What was I looking for, and what summons was I trying to answer? I was reluctant to divulge the purpose of my travels to the kind guide who met us at the Edson Farm, but eventually I spilled the beans. He was so delighted that we had made the journey and so intrigued by what I told him that he researched, immediately upon our departure, pronunciations of the name Hiram in mid-19th century New York. He called us a little while after we left to report that, no great surprise, “hear-em” was an accurate rendering. When I learned this, I was directly returned to my experience at the Zen monastery, where I started my summer. There, the head monk politely told me that in his experience of Christians, while they spoke much, they often had a difficult time listening.
Ah, here it was. Hear it. And, what was I listening to? An invitation to look up. And what did I see? Not a great new book of prophesy, not a savior opening up the inner sanctum of the Great Temple in the Sky, not a new or old set of commandments. But, the beauty of the stars. The majesty of the night sky. The cosmos, dazzlingly lit, and all that was required of me was to let it in and to witness its beauty.
Had I not had other odd such dreams in my life, I might have heard more than this in this curious blip of consciousness converging and emerging in my night sleep. Had I not had my own inexplicable thoughts, I might be more inclined to need to judge or to understand or to categorize the enlightenments and revelations that others experienced there in 19th century New York.
Alas, I walked away with only an appreciation of the abundance of opportunities in this strange world to wonder and to listen and to see.: Embodiment, Relationality, Women's Spirituality
In my opinion, it is the simplest observations of beauty in Nature that literally bring us to our knees in prayer and gratitude. Each a portal to All There Is. Without the bias and overlay of various religions we are free to appreciate what is. I do celebrate the turning of the seasons and yesterday, August 1st I stayed home and took an early morning walk through my young pine forest and brook. The sense of “Being” was in and all round me and I was participating in all that wonder. Simple, but satisfying, and gratitude spilled over like a fountain of the clearest water.
I love this post, Natalie! How you weave together (noting your last name here) elements of dream, memory, history, and discovery. Love the account of the road trip with your sons. Your eight-year-old sounds like a character. Since I spend a lot of time picking up the appalling quantity of litter people leave by our local creek, I really appreciate that his crime was bio-degradable. Your dream vision of the stars will stay with me. I will remember to look up!
Love it–Hiram pronounced “Hear ’em.” If only people would listen more carefully, maybe the word would be a better place. And, yes, let’s look up at the stars more often. Thanks for writing this story.
What great gifts – to wonder, to listen, to see! Thank you for sharing this with us Natalie.
I too had a vision! Of your 8 yr old telling his grandchildren and maybe great-grandchildren of the time his mother took a holy road pilgrimage and he did the great crime of tossing a Dorito out the window! And perhaps he will also see the Cosmos and wonder.
Hear, listen, look, touch, feel, and wonder. I love this story, Natalie. It connects your inner wisdom with the beauty of the universe. But I’m wondering if you really meant your last sentence: “Alas, I walked away with only an appreciation of the abundance of opportunities in this strange world to wonder and to listen and to see.” For me, this last is more than enough.Wednesday, February 2, 2011
an article about plustapes
link to article about plustapes
.Child Abuse Prevention Tactics
Best prevention means aligning resources, coordinating efforts
Child abuse prevention. Vulnerable children require a deep investment, and police, hospitals, schools, foundations and social service agencies are only the first to help in the prevention of child abuse. Each of these organizations and coalitions gives vital support to children and families at risk, but the bottom line is: Invest in our children today, and we’ll all reap the benefits for years to come.
Editorial: Stiffen child abuse penalty (and) New ways to reduce child abuse
Abstract
Ninety-one child sex offenders were interviewed about the methods they used to target children, the age range of their victims, how they selected children and maintained them as victims, and what suggestions they had for preventing child sexual abuse. Offenders were selected from treatment programs, probation, special hospitals, and prisons. They were interviewed using a semi-structured questionnaire. Results indicate that offenders gained access to children through caretaking, such as babysitting; targeted children by using bribes, gifts and games; used force, anger, threats, and bribes to ensure their continuing compliance; and systematically desensitized children through touch, talk about sex, and persuasion. Nearly half the offenders had no bad feelings about sexually abusing children. The implications for prevention programs are discussed.
Abuse Prevention
WHAT IS ABUSE AND NEGLECT?
According to the Missouri Legislature the following definitions apply to abuse and neglect:
ABUSE:
Any physical injury, sexual abuse, or emotional abuse inflicted on a child other than by accidental means by those responsible for the child’s care, custody, and control; except that discipline including spanking, administered in a reasonable manner, shall not be construed to be abuse.
NEGLECT:
The failure to provide. Welfare Information Gateway
Parental Resilience: Protective & Promotive Factors
Numerous researchers have concluded that how parents respond to stressors is much more important than the stressor itself in determining the outcomes for themselves and their children. Parents are more likely to achieve healthy, favorable outcomes if they are resilient. Resilience is the process of managing stress and functioning well even when faced with challenges, adversity and trauma. Some stressors parents face can be managed easily so that problems get resolved; for example, calling a relative or friend to pick-up a child from school when a parent is delayed. But some stressors cannot be easily resolved. For example, parents cannot “fix” their child’s developmental disability, erase the abuse they suffered as a child or be able to move out of a crime-plagued neighborhood. Rather, parents are resilient when they are able to call forth their inner strength to proactively meet personal challenges and those in relation to their child, manage adversities, heal the effects of trauma and thrive given the unique characteristics and circumstances of their!!Ebooks Life
free and remarkably effective ebooks
Ebooks Introduction
- nanocomposite beam ansys analysis
- hein enterprises v san francisco real estate investors
- buku panduan mesin cuci lg turbo drum
- the motley fools what to do with your money now ten steps to staying up in a down market
- ex factor diamond girls 1 elisa dane
- 2001 jaguar xj8 owners manual
- see inside an ancient greek town see inside
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 91
- silent in the grave a lady julia grey novel
- ohst exam secrets study guide
- microprocessors and logic design
- huckleberry finn study guide questions and answers
- advanced accounting textbook download
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 95
- manual de optometria
- student ed of lotus 1 2 3 release 2 2 90 revised a w pb
- animal babies in seas
- augen eclipse mp3 manual
- the empire of fashion dressing modern democracy new french thought
- memoirs for a dead girl
- allison ht700 series service manual
- aepa early childhood education 36
- unprotective tariffs ineffective liberalization and other mysteries an investigation of the endogeno
- present for mama bear
- accounting bcom part 1 by sohail afzal solution
- die besch ftigung in abh ngigkeit von preisen und l hnen eine kritische analyse rivalisierender besch ftigungstheorien beitr ge zur konomischen forschung
- building emotional intelligence enhanced edition
- transformation in everyday life
- the ethos of medicine in postmodern america philosophical cultural and social considerations
- homes and other black holes the happy homeowners guide
- acrobat reader 9 free download for windows xp 32 bit
- 1996 harley manual
- psychology from inquiry to understanding 2012 lilienfeld
- the fall of the sparrow
- rehearsing absence poems richard wilbur award 4
- lion of macedon greek series 1 david gemmell
- small beads big jewelry 30 unique pieces to make
- case 1840 operator manual
- ?????????? 1 [yokohama kaidashi kikou 1] by hitoshi ashinano
- het requiem van verdamme novelle over een man die het verhaal verkoopt van de laatste 6 maanden van zijn leven
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 93
- muppet babies christmas book
- morality moral luck and responsibility fortune web
- scriptures of the worlds religions with free world religions powerweb
- baskets beads and black walnut owls creative crafts for ages 9 12
- haynes manual toyota avensis
- forwards stars of the nba
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 92
- wharfedale cr centre speakers owners manual
- treestand hunting strategies a complete guide to hunting big game from above
- baltimore charm city urban tapestry series
- blaming
- psychology a science in conflict
- convert epub to pdf online
- cafes and coffee shops
- radicalism and reverence the political thought of gerrard winstanley
- chapter 9 review stoichiometry worksheet answers
- 60hp mercury service manual
- komatsu wa320 parts manual pdf
- peasant society in a changing economy comparative development in southeast asia india
- sharepoint 2010 document sets records management
- the battle of reuben robin and kite uncle john
- handbook of health and rehabilitation psychology
- gk guide upkaar
- australia the island continent
- color zoo lesson plans
- the ascended masters speak on angels saint germain series vol 15 the saint
- money an owners manual live audio seminar recording
- vieux lille 2016 photographies blanc
- indian paper art book
- regional leadership in the global system
- conde nast gift guide
- chinese scooter repair manual tamoretti
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 96
- how to build a million dollar fortune the 14 day no nonsense program to start you on the road to riches
- geo b toulmin says the writings of
- recipe low carb meals
- layton high school lunch schedule
- sanyo vcc 5974 service manual
- 2002 mini cooper automatic transmission problems
- shew thyself a man
- the phoenix transformed book three of the enduring flame library edition
- how to make millions with your ideas an entrepreneurs guide
- the stupid history of the human race
- legendary locals of louisville
- irish poetry and the construction of modern identity ireland between fantasy and history
- diary of a medical intuitive one womans eye opening journey from no nonsense e r nurse to open hearted healer and visionary
- contempt of court the turn of the century lynching that launched a hundred years of federalism
- breaking down fat digestion lab answers
- helping your kids deal with anger fear and sadness
- nightshade thorndike press large print core series
- 2003 acura tl axle assembly manual
- toliver in time verfify juvenile for a fourth of july celebration toliver in time
- dolphin divination cards
- mass effect manual override peak 15
- pontiac sunfire service manual download rapidshare owner
- will the real monday please stand up
- aaron apos s revenge
- misericordia mercy
- exotic dancers
- i am soldier of fortune
- chapel road
- god s broken man
- 1967 massey ferguson lawn tractor service manual
- this new ocean the story of the first space age
- the history of gog and magog champions london
- ballet lovers pocket book
- new way new way
- down to earth mapping for everybody
- 2000 seadoo islandia manual
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 99
- multiple choice trigonometry
- many other ways questions of religious pluralism
- us army operators manual for test set electronic systemsts 4348uvtm 11 5855 299 12&p
- california license manual
- zen cancer wisdom zen cancer wisdom
- the bear at the back door the soviet threat to the wests lifeline in africa
- shield air solutions inc
- my first book of hindi words
- cooperative models and farm policy reform
- materialpool naturwissenschaften anregungen unterricht unverhoffte
- living environment regents review topic 5 answers
- statistical reasoning in family limited partnership appraisals new tax court scrutiny 1 notes and is
- apa and sample paper and interview essay
- collective violence law in action
- rukopisnaia traditsiia zhitiia prep zosimy i savvatiia solovetskikh xvi xviii vv tom 2 teksty
- eecd gr2math
- mechanics for engineers statics 5th edition solutions manual
- every fear
- amaron ledoux alphonse miltenberger and george o hall plaintiffs in error v john black
- lowering the boom the bobby baun story first edition by bob baun anne logan 2000 hardcover
- north carolina our state government
- saint francis de sales a biography of the gentle saint
- regional cooperation for water quality improvement in southwestern pennsylvania
- the international film poster
- the world atlas of coffee from beans to brewing coffees explored explained and enjoyed kindle edition james hoffmann
- learn and draw shapes with mickey
- african law and legal theory
- immunopharmacology of eosinophils
- how to replace a circuit breaker switch
- earth solutions llc
- psychology of dance
- mitsubishi triton workshop manual 98
- the mother knot
- parallel circuit problems ws answers physicsfundamentals
- practicing german grammar a workbook second edition german edition
- regional development in western europe
- water quality proc of an international f
- education today 2010
- honda accord coupe manual for sale
- dog enlightenment guide lazy
- hp vls 9000 user guide
- isaac asimovs robot city odyssey bk 1 orbit books
- literacys beginnings
- the woman from the glen
- ex parte glenn ray lofton v state texas
- ford crown victoria lx 1995 manual
- prince charmings child man of the month silhouette desire ser bk 1225
- trade policy review ghana 2001 trade policy review
- coal flotation and fine coal utilization
- city mission v beulah popplewell
- realidades 2 workbook answer key pg 58
- byu health 41 study guide
- zvi kohavi solution
- a bright idea conserving energy you can save the planet
- stock hunter wants true investors to sign up brzg cctc dgdm company overview
- becoming mexipino multiethnic identities and communities in san diego
- free range triangle quilts
- the new generations of europeans demography and families in the enlarged european union population and sustainable development
- storm stories of survival from land sea and sky
- interchange intro third edition
- 70s guitar riffs
- peach blossom audit assignment 2 cash
- 4 wheeler engine maintenance
- apex answers for algebra 1
- autos uit de jaren 60 210 modellen
- board of barbering and cosmetology apprenticeship program
- robots and aliens no 4 alliance
- where can you turn when your world turns upside down
- 1989 evinrude 40hp outboard owners manual
- factional politics in an indian state the congress party in uttar pradesh
- sovereign hope
- fatty acid and lipid chemistry 1st edition
- how did numbers begin
- power systems restructuring engineering and economics
- small and medium sized companies in europe environmental performance competitiveness and management
- fire gate poems
- herman d constantine v mary w
- santa fe meeting proceedings of 1984 division of particicles and fields american physical society
- kosher tales
- the case for goliath how america acts as the world apos s g
- festivals themes
- 2000 subaru outback stereo wiring diagram
- high resolution itunes
- freigy v gargaro company
- bradbury lift installation manual
- el sapo verde primeros lectores 1 5 anos papeles rotos
- versets coraniques de guerison
- audi jukebox manual
- ef falcon radio wiring diagram
- kawasaki vn900 vulcan 2006 repair service manual
- holden vr commodore workshop manual download
- myths and traditions of the crow indians sources of american indian oral literature
- astrocytomas a medical dictionary bibliography
- essays and tales
- the carte de visite
- vizio m370nv manual
- answers to packet ionic metallic bonding
- little readers abc english german
- new i did it mathematics teachers manual 7 2nd edition
- miami in our own words
- cat backhoe service guide 420dit
- small enterprises and changing policies structural adjustment financial policy and assistance programmes in africa
- apa style book reference chapter
- object oriented programming by robert lafore solution manual
- alkemi romantik och rasvetenskap om en vetenskaplig tradition
- air pilot manual a320
- photoshop 5 0 para windows sigue el ejemplo sigue el ejemple
- the man who painted roses the story of pierre joseph redout
- the psi chotic adventures of drew darby
- lewis genetics test bank
- auto repair software torrent
- sanyo dp42848 service manual
- a study guide to watchman nees the normal christian life
- winona state university calendar
- christmas program builder christmas program builder
- [recent advances in constraints selected papers ] [author r krzysztof] [may 2004]
- palaces of rajasthan
- the widows of eastwick a novel
- 37 gambling devicesv state wyo 1985
- exquisite embroidery
- oracle service bus tutorial eclipse pdf
- gmc yukon window wiring
- taking advantage of media a manual for parents and teachers
- vlast i obshchestvo v rossiiskoi provintsii 1917 god v povolzhe
- conceptual models of nursing analysis and application 4th edition
- shelly cashman series teachers discovering computers integrating technology in the classroom by shelly 2nd edition complete
- mitsubishi big screen tv manual
- attention deficit hyperactivity disorder dhhs publication
- mortgage loan commitment letter sample
- rover 45 reel mower manual
- deck the halls pure sheet music duet for bb instrument and guitar arranged by lars christian lundhol
- grade 5 research paper rubric
- sunday school lesson for fall quarter 2013
- the dark design riverworld saga
- property preservation expense guidline manual
- anything but dreams
- aunt lucie s legacy
- holden wk workshop manuals
- jousting with shadows historical romance
- early humans a prehistoric world
- yamaha rxv661 manual
- knitting wizardry 27 spellbinding projects amy clarke moore
- answer key biology 164 laboratory colby college
- 2002 mini cooper owners manual
- the etf book
- bosca de reyes recipe
- the white mans burden historical origins of racism in the united states
- behind the uniform policing in britain and america
- novel processes for advanced manufacturing
- better homes and gardens great cooking for two
- greenbergs price guide to lionel trains o o 27 trains 1915 1942 standard gauge trains 1906 1940
- apex answers for algebra 2
- detoxification from alcohol and other drugs a treatment improvement protocol
- coatings technology handbook third edition download
- treacherous beauties
- toyota fork lift truck 5fbr18 manual pdf
- promoting health and academic success the whole school whole community whole child approach
- u liberty mutual insurance co v cooper
- science grade 4 switched on schoolhouse
- virgil vol 1 eclogues georgics aeneid
- randy a j v norma i
- veteran parlamento de ruzante and weasel bilora
- temporary residence
- marc browns arthur chapter books
- the chastity contract
- evolution and speciation essays in honor
- lead guitar decoded
- cason v crosby
- werewolves of southern california
- watakushi o daite soshite kisushite eizu kanja to sugoshita ichinen no sozetsu kiroku please hug me
- learnerships in electrical engineering n3
- the man who invented the chromosome a life of cyril darlington
- briggs and stratton sprint 375 hp manual
- 1971 kawasaki 125 repair manual fre
- migrant agricultural workers in americas northwest
- hooked on seafood a compilation of texas best
- adios muchachos a memoir of the sandinista revolution american encounters or global interactions
- problems in stoichiometry
- case of the u s navy adventure
- housing and land in urban mexico research report series by
- english comprehension test year 10
- xj 600 diversion service manual
- target sahara resistance series no 5
- mitchel car est manual
- j l kraft lives and times
- your recovery is in your hand codependency in handwriting
- in re disciplinary proceeding against
- blogging with the new google blogger digital short cut michael miller
- cookie monster gifts for adults
- holt mcdougal biology chapter 3 assessment answers
- the potty mouth at table kindle edition laurie notaro
- holt rinehart and winston algebra 1 tech prep masters 2004
- hollywoods children an inside account of the child star era
- moment analysis for subsurface hydrologic applications
- cut and paste third grade english
- 2004 honda motorcycles models
- rexon scm 8 manual
- gauguin and food
- after school kidz lit guide for go fish
- the personal bicentennial diary 1988 my year in australias 200th birthday year
- custom published precalculus mathematics f calculus
- mbe bible for the bar exam total multi state bar exam preparation for every jurisdiction all 6 subject areas included
- manual of cutaneous laser techniques
- electric motor capacitor testing
- arjo rhapsody p220 service manual
- calcutta a cultural and literary history 1st edition
- instruction manual nikon d60
- all jacked up rough riders
- website procedures manual samples
- spark notes beowulf
- lewis machine tool manual
- ship of stone
- the complete handbook of practical car repair
- life orientation june exams paper grade 11
- four stroke motocross and off road performance handbook
- uniting germany
- old pictures the discursive instability of feminist sf
- ein besuch in der spanischen reiterschul
- plane surveying for the students of diploma degree amic of civil engineering and institute of sur
- routledge handbook of new media in asia routledge handbooks
- 1001 basic phrases english telugu
- in the enemy s embrace
- distant land
- into the woods a five act journey into story
- the treasury of great short stories
- gurps space atlas 2
- collectors edition saxons lady reissue
- les liaisons dangereuses
- 06 detroit diesel flash codes
- litigating transnational human rights obligations
- recent developments in turbulence management
- a survey of educational thought
- celebrity feuds
- gentle prisoner
- custom published fraknoi vol 2 red shift
- oracle utilities
- bindi baby animals telugu a beginner language book for telugu kids telugu edition
- the darkest hour the swordmage trilogy book 2 magic of solendrea
- ion transport in plants
- goodbye gender rae spoon
- handbook to service the deaf and hard of hearing
- le singulier montaigne
- otting v state
- ignatius of loyola the pilgrim saint
- the equine athlete how to develop your horses athletic potential
- dome light wiring diagrams for toyota tundra
- 1983 1987 yamaha 25 30hp 2 stroke outboard repair manual pdf
- stripping away the sorrows from his world
- wahusika katika kitabu cha kilio chetu
- reliability volvo penta d 55 marine engine
- new market leader
- copperhead creek
- after the grizzly endangered species and the politics of place in california
- de lesprit g om trique entretien avec m de sacy ecrits
- self nurture learning to care for yourself as effectively you everyone else alice d domar
- art and practice of loving
- grace for the injured self the healing approach of heinz kohut
- famous dishes made low carb your favorite low fat low carb cooking recipes quick and easy
- bond enthalpy problems
- lawyer beggs splendid citizen splendid soldier
- kittys carrier
- data analysis for comparative social research international perspectives
- the finite element method linear static and dynamic finite element analysis dover civil and mechanical engineering
- chasing imperfection (chasing, #2) by pamela ann
- en brazos de la mujer fetiche in the arms of lady fetish coleccion imago mundi
- quick course in the internet using netscape navigator
- economy society
- the bridal promise desire ser 1206
- aqa biology unit 5 june 2013 paper
- easy internet email for the over 50s flash
- fat cats on thin ice
- educators guide to evaluating use
- a duchess in name
- john deere 2850 repair manual
- tourism a community approach rle tourism
- sadlier oxford foundations of algebra teachers edition
- komatsu wa320 5h manuals
- designing a school play
- the next american century
- aprenda windows me visualmente
- the gospel of john volume one and volume two
- all you need to know about coffee facts and tips for coffee lovers
- little princess paper dolls
- blue card test answers
- excavations summary accounts of archaeological excavations in ireland
- lorentz w hansen v evelyn petrone
- new york 8th grade mosl assessment science
- vizio online manual e601i a3
- spiritual quest oregon life
- taiwan xian zhu min jiao yin shi zu wen hua chuan qi taiwan early inhabitants footstep the culture legend about ten minority tribes sheng huo taiwan
- medical terminology a programmed systems approach
- sellar and parasellar tumors
- aboard the pirate
- 2004 yamaha yz250f service manual
- ode to billy joe
- ville de qu bec
- elsies motherhood
- citizens of time when judges ruled
- guide with images installation air conditioner split
- motorola mag one a8 vhf
- north royalton progress book
- aerodynamics the science of air in motion 2nd ed
- the faith of shis islam
- 50th anniversary of the opening of vassa
- the short book on the offer in compromise irs l
- studies of buddhism
- audi zf5hp19fl tiptronic transmission manual
- soft x rays and extreme ultraviolet radiation soft x rays and extreme ultraviolet radiation
- aa thomas cook travellers boston aa thomas cook travellers
- how to cut your energy bills
- indian givers how the indians of americas transformed world jack weatherford
- guia de los insectos de europa guias del naturalista insectos y aracnidos
- very early universe
- basic vegetarian cookery
- promoting change through action research
- what becomes of the brokenhearted
- kenmore elite oven manual self cleaning
- a cold red sunrise
- property management companies chicago
- integrated nanosystems conference design synthesis and applications proceedings
- fabled isles of the south seas
- direct path to the cfa charter savvy proven strategies for passing your chartered financial analyst exams
- statistics explained an introductory guide for life scientists
- relation between math and rubik game formula
- fritz reiner maestro martinet
- mediated discourse as social interaction a study of news discourse
- preventive medicine and public health
- lost son a life in pursuit of justice
- toyota aristo workshop manual
- wireless solutions inc
- working for a loser
- goodman installation and operation manual
- managing our natural resources fourth edition instructors guide
- the god loves us collection i can read beginner apos s bible
- dell st2320l manual pdf
- pro linq
- magic chef mco2212arb user guide
- differentiated school leadership effective collaboration communication and change through personal
- american pageant workbook answersSummer Prescott Books is excited to announce the release of Book 8 in The Pet Shop Cozy Mystery Series- A Woof of Murder.
This book is the end of a season for the series but will be back soon after a short, early spring break. Secrets are out of the bag and more are to come. The mysteries in this series will make you head spin and leave you wanting SO MUCH MORE!
Click on the cover below to find out what Will, Sarah, Rowdy, Basket, and Petunia are up to.
With the blackmail scandal over and behind him, life in Seaview Rock is pretty good for pet shop owner Will Sullivan—that is, until a town council member is struck by a car in broad daylight, and Will is given reason to believe it was no accident. He and his friends will have to find the culprit, while at the same time trying to keep their secret under wraps, one that would shake the town to its very core. To make matters even more challenging, Sarah’s family is in town for a visit—an overly critical mother and a younger brother with a criminal history. No matter what happens, one thing is for sure: life in Seaview Rock will never be the same.SAN FRANCISCO (05/01/2000) -.
1 GATEWAY SOLO 9300LS
WHAT'S HOT: This big, sophisticated desktop replacement offers a lot in return for a considerable outlay of cash. The 9300LS with Intel's SpeedStep processor has great battery life, although not quite as long as that of its predecessor, a PIII-450 version we ranked a Best Buy last month. Two modular bays let you choose what to take along: Instead of the LS-120 drive that our test unit came with, you can swap in a second hard drive or a second battery, or you can swap out the CD-ROM drive for either a DVD-ROM drive or a CD-RW drive.
WHAT'S NOT: At $3324, the Solo 9300LS is not for bargain hunters. And the hard drive is a bit lean for a power portable.
WHAT ELSE: The 9300LS bristles with audio and video extras, including a TV-out port and a Dolby jack for connecting a Surround Sound stereo system. External buttons make playing music CDs more convenient, and four programmable buttons at the top of the keyboard can launch applications. A charge indicator light on the outside of the notebook lets you check on remaining juice without removing the battery. While speedy, the 9300LS performed a bit more slowly than the similarly configured HP OmniBook 900.
BEST USE: Presenters with deep pockets will appreciate this beautifully designed notebook most. With a second battery inserted, the 9300LS should let you work away from an outlet all day.
1 MICRON TRANSPORT LT C500
WHAT'S HOT: The easy-to-tote TransPort LT weighs only 5 pounds, not including the AC adapter. Any of five devices can plug into its lone internal bay: the floppy drive, the CD-ROM drive, a $190 6X DVD-ROM drive, a $139 LS-120 drive, or a $99 second battery. To make it easier to use the floppy drive externally alongside a device in the bay, Micron sells a $20 USB floppy drive caddy, which you can plug in without rebooting the notebook.
WHAT'S NOT: For $2000 these days, we would expect to see something bigger than a 12.1-inch screen. Also, if you need to run diagnostics or recover your system using a bootable floppy disk, you will have to use the internal bay, since you can't boot from floppies through the USB port.
WHAT ELSE: For its size and processor, the TransPort LT's 2.5-hour battery life and speed generally fall in line. The keyboard has a somewhat shallow feel, but it lets you launch applications via the mouse buttons and one programmable key just right of the spacebar.
BEST USE: The Transport LT would make a fine business laptop for frequent travelers who are willing to sacrifice screen and hard drive size for the portability of a lightweight machine.
1 DELL INSPIRON 3800
WHAT'S HOT: Dell's latest budget business laptop is a head-turner. Its upper casing and screen frame come in a choice of colors: forest green, sierra maroon, Tahoe blue, or a standard matte gray. The internal bay can hold any of eight different devices (the floppy drive, the CD-ROM drive, a second battery for $99 extra, a Zip or an LS-120 drive for $139, an 8X DVD-ROM drive for $199, or an 18GB hard drive for $598).
WHAT'S NOT: Though Dell notebooks usually offer good battery life, this Inspiron 3800 disappointingly lasted just under 2 hours in our tests--about 40 minutes less than the average laptop.
WHAT ELSE: This Celeron-500 version of the Inspiron 3800 churned through business apps about 7 percent faster than a Celeron-466. You can reduce its weight to 6 pounds by using an included plastic space holder in the modular bay, and the hard drive and memory are easily reachable for upgrading. Finally, among other perks, there is a video-out jack for sending images to a TV screen.
BEST USE: With refreshing good looks, the Inspiron 3800 is a fine value for companies that are ready to break out of the boxy black laptop mold.
What's New
This month's easy tote award goes to HP's OmniBook 900 (4.6 pounds with no attachments), in a respectable fourth place on our power chart. The $3499 OmniBook may be the second most expensive machine on the list, but it plows through business tasks the fastest. Its PC WorldBench score of 132 is especially impressive considering the OmniBook had only half as much RAM as other notebooks with similarly high scores.
Change swept through our budget chart this month, leaving only one notebook standing from last month (Acer's TravelMate 514TXV, in fifth place). Compaq's $1449 Notebook 100, in second place, is the company's new low-end business portable, replacing the similarly priced Prosignia 150.
Tired of going through a password screen to log on to the company notebook? The $1699 Fujitsu LifeBook E-5140, number three on the budget chart, offers four external buttons for punching in a password. Located on the front of the case, the buttons double as application shortcuts when the notebook is running.
Contributing Editor Carla Thornton regularly covers notebooks for PC World.
Beyond The Top 15
We evaluated the following system along with the others, but it didn't reach the Top 15 Notebook PCs chart. For a write-up, visit PC World.com ().
*Compaq Armada M300.Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'Original Pictures Forum' started by takeittothelimit, Mar 1, 2008.
99 f250 superduty 4x4
looks like a solid work truck...whats the specs on it
V8 5.4L Manual 162k good condition and clean, 3,500.00. all it needs is my logo on the door, and number on the tail gate....I do have to get a tail gate first, anyone have a lead?
Seems like a pretty good deal.
ebay???? or some local junk yards are the best options
That is a good deal.
Nice truck
For 35, you certainly can't get hurt. As far as the tailgate goes,...even if you got one of the aftermarket ones, or built your own vented one, you'd do alright.
Forget the tailgate. Put the money towards a dump insert.
Im glad you got it! if you didnt i woulda found a way to. junk yard or ebay for the tailgate. get some pics when its lettered.Title: Independence Denied Author: Calvin Demmer Date of Publication: July 1st, 2017 Goodreads Summary: With Independence Day near, Brad Marshall is expecting another routine day at his job as a research assistant. Then he sees a peculiar creature on one of the screens at work. While the rest of the world focuses on a sudden […]
via Review: Independence Denied — Literary Dust
AdvertisementsWhat it does: Derived through the oldest dwelling tree species, ginkgo extract increases walking in individuals with selected circulatory challenges that have an affect on the legs.
A multivitamin is probably the best tools you may include to your wellbeing and Health and fitness arsenal to enhance your health and carry out at your best, but in many cases They are dry, chalky, and hard to choke down.
Excellent to grasp: Can dilute the effect of blood thinners, so talk with your physician if you take Coumadin (warfarin) or other blood thinners.
We carry on to boost and fine tune the full Harmony Women's Conventional formula making sure that you will get the nutrients your cells have to thrive.
The mixture of one other herbs during the formula will help assistance the body to deal with prevalent menopausal symptoms for instance warm flashes, mood swings, headaches and irritability.
Among the commonest MVMs are primary, at the time-daily items containing all or most natural vitamins and minerals, with The bulk in quantities which can be close to advised amounts. Higher-potency MVMs often can be found in packs of two or more pills to choose on a daily basis.
Should you be perfectly over 40, You might also learn that receiving the entire nourishment you will need from read more food items is challenging. Here are some with the nutrients that women over 40 need to have to look at:
Though Breastfeeding, with Omega-three DHA, that may be passed to the child by means of breast milk that can help assistance healthier Mind and eye advancement in infancy.
Excellent to grasp: As numerous as a 3rd of men and women over 50 tend not to soak up sufficient B12 from diet alone; inadequate absorption may well produce neurological and equilibrium difficulties.
Superior to grasp: More mature Males and women could possibly be Particularly at risk of riboflavin deficiency, which may result in cracking or sores on the corners on the mouth, skin irritation or weak point.
Multivitamins (with multiminerals provided) is the preferred nutrition health supplement than other items within just American populace. Though a investigate initiated by Preventive Solutions Process Force mentioned that there's no enough evidence to support that there's a reward or harm risk for balanced man or woman with no nutrient deficiency if having multivitamins daily. Certainly, the report excluded the Expecting women who will be definitely will need further prenatal vitamins to help them along with the fetus.
Also, the individuals minimum prone to get sufficient nutrients from diet plan alone who could take pleasure in MVMs are definitely the the very least likely to acquire them.
Researchers now know how to achieve the best possible wellness and vivid health: Feed your cells the proper nutrients. In the best quantities, at the appropriate time.
It's thus challenging for scientists to check regardless of whether a selected mixture of nutritional vitamins and minerals impacts health. Also, people with healthier diet programs and life usually tend to take dietary supplements, which makes it hard to detect any benefits through the MVMs.
Links
Visitors
- 161 Visitors‘The Wall’ aka Jono writes:
A warm up generally consists of a gradual increase in intensity of exercise to bring the body to a condition in which it is ready to safely respond to nerve signals, allowing for quick and efficient action.
That statement brings me to the most significant point of my Fin Del Verano weekend! The Fin Del Verano being an excellent stage race put on by Paul Hamilton and OVB.
On Sunday morning I woke feeling angry, tired and a little motivated! Elliot, Joe and Myself had ridden a strong TTT early Saturday on a wet and slightly greasy course pulling ourselves into third, only 9 seconds behind the winning OVB team with 11.01. However the afternoon would see a turn in my fortunes. Riding into the last climb of Harby hill in the sprint finish stage there was an incident in the bunch. The less said the better but take it on good authority that I was EXTREMELY angry at crashing out when Joe and I were in a good position and Elliot was up the road.
Saturday was a mix of emotions as you can tell, however it’s Sunday I want to talk about………..
I am a heavy, fairly vascular guy with bones like lead which DOES NOT lend itself to the Harby RR circuit. Four times up a stinging Harby climb and finishing on terrace hill, No. 29 in the top 100 UK climbs. I was late getting ready, still putting my socks on in the commissaires briefing! So I thought to myself,
‘I want to get up the road early maybe take some pressure off Elliot and my warm up has been terrible, I’ll sprint off the flag drop and get the legs turning, if it turns into anything then so be it but at least I would complete my warm up.’
Bear in mind I have never been in a break of more than 6 miles, so don’t judge me for not going into this little dig expecting to stay away for even one ascent of Harby Hill. However the big gear mashing Chris McNaughton of OVB soon came alongside me, alone, uttering the words ‘settle down now a long way to go!’ ‘Hang on pal I wasn’t really going for a full race break’! Two more riders soon jumped across and before you knew it the second lead car was dropping back in between the groups. We were away. In my head this was ridiculous, we would never in a million years stay away for a whole race! It would however take pressure off Elliot and having seen the way he went up Harby on Saturday he would have no problem flying on the wind of the bunch when they decided to catch us late in the race. At least that was what I thought. Before I knew it we had done two ascents of Harby and we were 2 minutes 50 seconds up on the bunch!
‘What the devil is happening, my legs feel good and I’m in a serious break with some strong and motivated looking riders. This is the one!’
The fourth lap soon came around and I was still hanging on, the fourth and final ascent of Harby was a fairly squeaky moment for me, I dragged my lead bones over the top but from then on I’m afraid I was a passenger in the break. I think I did two turns from there to the finish.
Now, I hear you ask and this is the big question, did you make the finish? I can tell you, in what was a fairly proud moment for me in my short cycling career, I did. I came last in the break on terrace hill, fourth from four, but on another finish I would have been right up there. I can now say I have been in a four man break for the entirety of a road race, literally from ‘gun to tape’. Something that I would have never expected with what I thought was my awful endurance ability (I used to get beaten by everyone on long grass runs!).
In both road race stages we had a man up the road at the end, came third in the TTT and some decent hill climb times. Leisure Lakes Bikes racing team just keeps giving this year with the help of our brilliant sponsorship from LeisureLakes, Specialised, Muc Off, SIS and Cannondale. News to all in the East Midlands, we are coming back next year but with two more EMRRL races to go there is a lot more to give this year. Maybe I will get in another two and a half hour break!37th edition of India International Trade Fair (IITF)
India Trade Promotion Organization (ITPO) is organizing the 37th of its annual mega event “India International Trade Fair” in Pragati Maidan , New Delhi from November 14-27, 2017. The Theme of the event is “Start up India : Stand up India”, an initiative of the Government of India with the vision to transform India into a digital empowered society and knowledge economy.
2. The annual event with B2B and B2C components has emerged as the largest trade fair in the Indian sub-continent and provides a common platform for the manufacturers, traders, exporters and importers. The fair showcases a wide gamut of products and services including automobiles, coir products, jute, textiles, garments, household appliances, kitchen appliances, processed food, beverages, confectionery, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, cosmetics, bodycare & health care products, telecommunication, power sector, electronic sector, furniture, home furnishings, sporting goods, toys, and engineering goods.
3. The last edition of the exhibition was grand success with participation of 452 foreign trade delegations from over 45 countries and generated a huge turnover of business. More details on the exhibition can be obtained by visiting their websiteArticle Text
Abstract
Objective Evidence-based quality of life (QL) questionnaires require the identification of issues of importance to patients. The primary aim of this study was to inform providers on patient-expressed issues while enhancing the content validity of instruments assessing QL and patient-reported outcomes (PROs) in prostate cancer. The study provided additional psychometric properties for the new PRO and QL instrument, the Prostate Cancer Symptom Scale (PCSS).
Methods An anonymous web-based survey of 2128 patients with prostate cancer was conducted with patients rating 18 QL items on a five-point scale.
Results Most respondents (74%) were aged 55–74 years, had early stage disease at diagnosis (81%) and were diagnosed within 2 years of the survey (81%). The top five-rated issues were: overall QL, ability to perform normal activities, maintaining independence, ability to sleep and not being a burden. These items were ranked as either ‘very important’ or ‘important’ by at least 88% of patients. None of the most highly ranked issues were symptoms. Instead, the highest ranked items were global issues reflecting the impact of symptoms on patients. In addition to the enhanced content validity findings, good reliability results and initial support for construct validity are reported for the PCSS.
Conclusions This is the largest survey providing patient-expressed background for content validity for QL and PRO measures. The findings of this study should aid development of newer practical questionnaires, such as the PCSS, which can be adapted to electronic platforms enhancing rapid and accurate PRO and QL evaluation.
- Quality of life evaluation
- patient reported outcomes
- prostate cancer
- PCSS
- psychometric properties
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Footnotes
Contributors PM, RJG and PJH planned the study. RJG and PJH managed and implemented the study. PM and RAJ conducted data analysis. PM, RJG and PJH This study was supported in part by grants from the US National Cancer Institute (grant number 1R21CA131754-01) and from the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Nurse Faculty Scholars Programme (grant number 66517). PM is supported by the US National Institutes of Health T32 CA009666 grant.
Competing interests None declared.
Ethics approval Ethical approval was not sought at the time the survey was conducted as responses were fully anonymous, participation was elective and the study did not contain questions on sensitive topics. Participants' informed consent was indicated by each individual's willingness to complete the questionnaire.
Provenance and peer review Not commissioned; externally peer reviewed.
Data sharing statement All primary data used for this study are available on request via.America's Got Powers
Writers / Artists - Jonathon Ross & Bryan Hitch
Publisher - Image
Let me get something off my chest. I don't like Jonathan Ross. I think he's arrogant, unfunny, overexposed and self-obsessed. I didn't buy this title because of that. Unfortunately for me, I'm a sucker for good publicity. Admittedly, lots of that good publicity came from Bryan Hitch retweeting complimentary reviews on twitter, but still, a couple of people whose opinion I trust suggested it, so I picked up issues 1 & 2. An action I am now regretting. The £4.40 I spent on those two comics could have bought me a pint of ale and a packet of crisps. Or two different comics. Ones with a whiff of originality to them.
I feel really bad, sitting here on my sofa bitching about someone being derivative when the sum total of my creativity starts and ends with a poem published when I was 11, that wasn't actually very good. But heck, I'm going to do it anyway. America's Got Powers draws heavily from influences such as Hunger Games and X-Men. Okay, maybe I draw influences from these sources, and am casting unfair aspersions on the authors. I don't think so though. It just seems a bit heavy handed, harking back to the anti-mutant sentiment of X-Men but not in a way that compliments it, more in a way that says "look, we've read this and liked it so much we're using it again".
The major plot twists we have had so far were so glaringly obvious that I wondered why they even bothered to keep them a secret in the first place, and Tommy, the 'hero' is so two dimensional I can't bring myself to care about him. The art is, well, fine. The writing is, um, nice. There is nothing in these comics that reaches out and grabs me by the cojones though. Yeah, I'll probably read the rest of the series, but I'm not likely to make them release day purchases, and they'll probably sit in a long box for a while before I get around to them..
(Editing by Eric Walsh)That is a great number in any language when you can acquire an on card autograph of a star player in a current year's set and that's just what I did with this card. I only have one autographed card of Adrian seen HERE and that has a sticker autograph so I have been on the constant lookout for an on card version of Adrian and after countless lost auctions I finally was able to get my paws on one.
This card books for $25 and have seen it close for as high as $20 and even have seen it at Frank and Sons for close to that but I didn't want to spend that much. Yet again I saw another copy of this card up for bid and surprisingly there was minimal action on it up until the final day and still there were only 2 bids on it to bring the total up to $3. Don't know why that is but I held out hope to win it and with my bid at the last minute I won it for a measly eight dollars. That is a great buy. People missed the boat on it and I was lucky enough to pick it up. I was worried that it would come in damaged or something else would be wrong with it but it is in great condition and I couldn't be happier. A great addition to my collection.
56 of 99akcja(142) bubble(3) dla dzieci(13) edukacyjne(16) escape(8) gry fizyczne(3) hazardowe(5) inne(19) logiczne(14) mahjong(2) match 3(12) obsluga klientow(5) parkowanie(3) planszowe(18) platformowe(4) przygodowe(22) puzzle(31) sportowe(16) strategiczne(2) strzelanki(9) swiateczne(6) tower defence(2) ubieranki(59) wyscigi(23) zabawne gry(5) zrecznosciowe(9):
Higao Tech believe in “Basis on quality, and win from credit” and is always committed to providing customers with high-quality products and superior services to meet various needs of different customers.
Higao Tech has focused on top quality equipment and spare parts for over 10 years in China, and now have become one of the leading suppliers in the food, pharmaceutical, chemical industries in China. Higao Tech products have been exported to many countries and always enjoy good reputations.
Higao Tech factory has 3000 square meters plant in independent building, more than 10 senior staffs, integrative production line and CNC processing equipment. We are equipped with advanced manufacturing facilities, including CNC, wire-electrode cutting, folding machine, rolling machine, traveling crane, polishing machine, lift car, etc.
Higao Tech Products include the following machinery:
1, Pulverizer-grinder-crushier-mill machines;
2, Mixer and blender, agitator and stirrer machines;
3, Screener and sifter, separator and sieving machines;
4, Granulator and pellitizer, granulating machines;
5. Tablet press machines, tablet compression machines;
6. Capsule filling machines;
7. Drying and dehydrating machines;
8. Puffed snack food production lines;
9. Biscuits/cookies making production line;
10. Vertical and horizontal Powder and granules packaging machines;
11. Liquid and fluid filling machines; aseptic carton filling machines;
12. Compound Paper AL PE liquid food aseptic packaging paper;
13. Powder batching and transmitting system;
14. Liquid burdening and conveying production line;
15. Metal detecting and inspection machines and rejecting systems, X-ray detector;
16. Various customized turnkey solution production line.
Higao Tech products are widely applied in food, pharmaceutical, chemical, ceramic, rubber and plastics, cosmetics, butteries, pigment and dyestuff, magnetic materials, aerospace, building materials, additives, pesticide and fertilizer, and many other industries.
Higao Tech could create more than 1000 sets of machines yearly, and we have already built a strong and long term business relationship with famous companies all over the world, such as Bayer Co, Roche, Novartis, Wyeth, 3M, etc. We supply our equipment around the world to a wide range of companies ranging from large multinational organizations to small individual companies and professional lab institutes.
Higao Tech products are sold to South Asia, Australia, South America, North America, South Africa, Europe, East Europe, Russia, Middle East countries and regions for many years.
Higao Tech Co., Ltd. Always produce our products according to international standard(such as ISO, CE, UL,etc ) as our guidelines to improve our quality control system. And after doing this, our equipment is more competitive all over the globe. Higao Tech is to maximize economic value added for customers from all over the world.
Before official purchase order:
Customers provide requirements to our sales person in international trade department, our engineer will make a design according to different requests, at last salesman will send a detailed design with quotation to customers.
Sign purchase and sale contract:
After several times of communication, customer and us will achieve an agreement and sign a contract with relative items.
Our payment terms is 50% advance payment after signing contract, we will send pictures or testing videos to customers upon finishing, or customer could come to our factory to check by themselves, and finally 50% balance paid ahead of one week before shipment. All machines will be checked and tested by QC inspection team before shipping out to our customers.
When customers received the equipment:
We can send our engineer to guide customers operators to install and make a commissioning in customers local place as per customers demand. All fees generated(including round-trip air ticket, food, residence, traveling etc.) thereby should be paid by customers. And Customers need to pay our engineer salary USD 150-/day.
After sales services:
If there is some problem or questions during production thereafter, we will give response upon receiving customers email or phone call with 24 hours. And help to make an effective solution.
Higao Tech Co., Ltd. hopes to establish long-term cooperative relationships and achieve win-win with your esteemed company.
Higao Tech welcomes customers, business associations and friends all over the world to visit us and build cooperation.>> old hotel porter gulps when he lays eyes on the Countess Bathory, and his Adam's apple bobs up and down like an organic yo-yo. "But...I remember that you stayed here 40 years ago, when I was a bellboy," he says. "And you have not changed - not in all those years!"
Indeed, she has not. She hasn't bought any new clothes, either. She wears slinky 1930s dresses, and high boots, and a veil over her face, and a vinyl rain cape, and enough feathers to turn an ostrich's stomach. We find out that she has a famous ancestor who remained eternally young by bathing in the blood of 800 virgins. But the current countess has a problem, because virgins are getting so hard to find these days. Right away, we figure the young honeymoon couple at the hotel hasn't got a chance.
Advertisement
The newlyweds are a little weird, anyway. What brought them to this drafty old resort hotel, out of season and with the winter rains blowing in through the storm-tossed lace curtains? Why did the countess and her traveling companion, the mysteriously red-lipped Ilona, take the suite next door? Why is that man on a bicycle following them wherever they go?
Most of all, will the young man's mother approve of his marriage with the innocent young Valerie? Probably not. When Valerie finally talks Stefan into telephoning his mother at the manor, mother turns out to be a man who is eating purple orchids for lunch. I mean, talk about bringing your girl home to meet Mom, huh? Meanwhile, strange things are happening.. The mysterious man falls off his bicycle.
During all of this, of course, lightning rips asunder the stormy sky, and the waves beat out their lonely vengeance on the beach. Also, the countess turns Valerie into a vampire, the countess's blood red and monstrously ugly automobile hauls bodies to the beach, and we can tell from the music on the sound track that these are strange portents. Also, the man on the bicycle gets run over and killed.
All of this makes "Daughters of Darkness" a fairly stylish adult vampire movie, and Delphine Seyrig (last seen wandering about a resort hotel in "Last Year at Marienbad") is a most satisfactory vampire. The movie ends on a note of divine retribution, which is always nice in this sort of enterprise. The moral is, never take on a vampire with a car if all you've got is a bicycle..By Avy Barnes
If you want to lose inches off your waist and burn fat fast, it is going to take dedication. In this article, I would like to give you a few simple tips to help you get the willpower you need to lose inches, burn fat, and develop the body you've always wanted.
1. There's nothing to it, but just to do it! - Your mind and body has become accustomed to living an unhealthy lifestyle. When you get used to something, it becomes a habit. Well, if you have gotten used to living an unhealthy lifestyle, then you can get used to living a.....
2. Never get discouraged. You can start seeing results in as little as one week, but just don't get unrealistic. Do not look at living a healthy lifestyle as a challenge or something extra. Living a healthy lifestyle is a change, which is much more easier than doing something "extra".
It won't be complicated, if you don't make it complicated.
3. The scale is your enemy! Trust me, stop weighing yourself so frequently. You have to use the mirror as your measure of progress.
Listen, when you start on a healthy lifestyle, you should already know that you are going to have to build lean muscle. Well, muscle weighs more than fat. So, checking the scale in the beginning of your healthy lifestyle WILL drive you nuts! You'll think you're not losing weight, but, in actuality you are burning off fat...which is more important.
You will lose weight once you have gotten rid of fat and your body weight will then comprise mostly of muscle weight.
Are you ready to make that commitment and lose inches now? I recommend for you to take a look at this powerful fat burning program that will have you burn fat, lose inches off your waist, and build lean muscle fast. This program is straight to the point and is not your typical "low calorie", "no carb", "don't eat anything all day" type of diet.
Stay healthy for life...for your life.
Have a safe and healthy day!!
Avy Barnes is a long time health and fitness enthusiast. Being someone who once struggled in weight loss, muscle building, and overall health improvement, you will be able to connect more to all the information he provides through the several articles he has written right here on ezinearticles.com.
Article Source:You Don't Want To Make A Mistake That Can Haunt You For Years
Watch This Before You File Bankruptcy
Free Bankruptcy Alternatives Quote
Call 888-339-3144
At times, bankruptcy appears as the smartest course of action for people who are anxious to conclude their tremendous problems with debt. Consumer bankruptcy certainly isn't anybody's idea of a life mission in their 5 year plan; yet it does happen to the best of people that often times have fallen into thise serious situation through events which are beyond anybody's control. Filing for consumer bankruptcy will not be an uncomplicated decision or an uncomplicated course of action. We have seen a lot of changes created in an attempt to make the process harder and much less accessible. Having said that, with desperation, thousands of people in the US use this solution to deal with their impossible debt.
In case you are considering doing the same, it is important for you to get all of the facts before you make your decision. Here, we supply the most crucial things that you need to consider before filing for bankruptcy. Then, we now have the many bankruptcy alternate options in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania that could be a solution for you and are going to be exposed after we go over the most significant points to know concerning the consumer bankruptcy approach.
Defining Bankruptcy Proceedings in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania
Just what is bankruptcy? A bankruptcy proceeding is a solution for almost any person or enterprise that is drowning in debt. The thing that many individuals and organizations do not know is the fact that there are lots of different methods to declare bankruptcy in these large classes. By far the most popular types of bankruptcy concerning people are Chapter 7 and Chapter 13.
Bankruptcy is largely helpful for those clients who've reached a degree of debt that can not be feasibly addressed within a few years through other available options. It is typically a drawn out task during which a consumer bankruptcy judge is taking reports of your history from each of the creditors. If you are still thinking about bankruptcy after finding out about the detailed discussions which will occur about your incredible debt, then you'll want to find out a little bit more about Chapters 7 and 13.
Chapter 7
The first thing you will have to know about Chapter 7 is the lingo. Terms that are useful to reference Chapter 7 include "liquidation" and "straight bankruptcy." With this particular course of action, you may wind up giving up property, which explains why people do everything they are able to to prevent it.
Yet, when you are in desperate times, you may be ready to take critical steps to get a number of obligations forgiven (for example, health care debt, legal judgments against you, credit cards, etc.). Debt associated with your house, vehicle and various other property and assets won't be forgiven through this method. You will lose many such assets in the Chapter 7 consumer bankruptcy approach to resolve your debt.
Finally, having gone through the arduous process of filing for Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy and having all your fiscal weak points discussed and resolved, the whole thing is over and you will go on with life. You'll want to be aware, however, that you are likely to be experiencing the effects of bankruptcy for a long time after you've finalized this process.
The Possible Benefits and Drawbacks of Liquidation
Chapter 7 straight bankruptcy has a few primary benefits. The greatest thing about it is the fact that it is going to remove almost all of what you owe. After the process, you ought to have zero (or not many) unsecured debts to manage. Subsequent to dealing with the unsecured debts, you need to be prepared to give up some properties and assets to eliminate the secured debts.
While those that liquidate hazard the loss of the majority of their personal assets, federal and state government authorities offer you "personal property exemptions" for properties and assets that are considered fundamental. Giving up most of your property and assets is a tough blow; but remember that Chapter 7 Carmichaels, Pennsylvania bankruptcy filing is not designed as a means to hold you on your knees or to stop you from gaining greater financial independence later on. Some of the most commonplace properties and assets that folks are typically able to hold onto include things like enough property to live on, your primary mode of transport, your savings account for retirement living and some money. A lot of states will permit more exemptions than others and your alternatives will be reviewed with you before you file.
If you're willing to be responsible for being up-to-date on repayments, you might also have the ability to maintain secured responsibilities such as the house loan and vehicle loan. As a result, you can hold onto some things that you will need to keep moving forward.
With liquidation, you are able to start over at square one. A new beginning, though, is rarely simple; and Chapter 7 is a perfect example of a difficult option.
Of course, Chapter 7 comes with several critical drawbacks. Your non-essential property and assets will be sacrificed. This includes possessions, any savings and your residence .
Moreover, some of the expenses will not be forgiven. The type of obligations you will still have to take care of may include child support, alimony, real estate property taxes and education loans. Liquidation is going to come off the consumer credit report, but you have to hang around an entire decade . If you're looking to purchase your dream house or obtain consumer credit in the future, this is impacted by liquidation on the consumer credit report.
One more significant disadvantage for a lot of consumers is the fact that consumer bankruptcy remains on public record. After you file, the facts of your whole case, such as possibly private individual matters, will be accessible for anyone who wants to review them. For example possible hiring managers, interviewers, loan companies and various significant persons.
The Chapter 13 Consumer Bankruptcy Process
Chapter 13 is the other typical type of bankruptcy proceeding. Generally known as "reorganization," it is considered to be a "gentler" form of debt relief as compared to straight bankruptcy. Your own personal goals and situation will determine which one, if either of those alternatives is best for you.
Chapter 13 reorganization is entirely different from Chapter 7, which forgives unsecured obligations. Alternatively, it allows you the opportunity of actually repaying the obligations with a reorganized repayment framework.
That's just a possibility for you if your creditors agree to it. When they do, a bankruptcy proceeding judge will oversee the process. It is not unusual in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania bankruptcy cases for the creditors to prolong payment schedules, reduce the principal sum of debts to be paid or just lessen the interest rates. They are prepared to do this solely in return for guaranteed prompt payments. You typically will not tackle secured debts with this approach. The consumer bankruptcy will take three to five years to complete and will officially commence sometime inside of 45 days of judge approval.
The Prospective Gains and Regrets of Chapter 13 Reorganization
There's no need to concern yourself with surrendering the great majority of your property through Chapter 13 reorganization. Chapter 13 bankruptcy is generally looked at and presented as a 2nd chance at fiscal stability, whereas straight bankruptcy is frequently perceived as giving up. Chapter 13 gives men and women the option of repaying their consumer debt at a cheaper cost instead of giving up on it completely.
Naturally, we cannot neglect the truth that reorganization features its own shortcomings, too. Similar to Chapter 7 liquidation, Chapter 13 is public record which enables it to seriously harm your credit rating. As it remains on your personal credit file for seven years, it may lessen the likelihood that you will be qualified to receive credit in that time period.
Steps to Escape Bankruptcy Proceedings: Mortgage Refinancing
If you want to look into refinancing your home, you should look into the HARP refinance program (Home Affordable Refinance Program). This allows many people to re-finance their home loans with lower monthly payments and smaller rates of interest. Although many do not view the HARP program to actually be a debt help strategy, all concur it's a advantageous method to gain a little breathing room.
You should not put your faith in any program that you haven't examined thoroughly. Debt consolidation is one alternative that lots of folks opt for, making use of their property value; but, it may be something you will be sorry for.
More Measures to Dodge Bankruptcy Proceedings: Debt Consolidation
Debt consolidation is the next alternative to consumer bankruptcy that is worth thinking of and learning a little bit about. Debt consolidation loans are used to pay off consumer debt. In turn, the consumer consents to produce routine month to month payments to their debt consolidation loan provider.
If it looks unrealistically advantageous, maybe it is. All that you have to do to end up in default is to skip just one payment. Needless to say, getting placed in default may have a sizeable negative impact on your credit score; and so a solution which puts you in default that quickly may be dangerous.
Naturally, none of this matters if you don't receive the funding as a consequence of poor credit. Bad credit can make it less likely for loan providers to believe you'll repay a consolidation loan. For people with credit ratings under 620, the consolidation option is going to be far more hassle than it's worth. If you are able to get the financial loan after all, the interest charges are going to be too big for it to be helpful.
Alternative to Evade Bankruptcy in Carmichaels, Pennsylvania Number Three: Debt Negotiation Services
The Carmichaels, Pennsylvania bankruptcy alternative of debt negotiation may be a more suitable solution for your needs, because it is not subject to good credit. For people who are particularly worried because bankruptcy is public information, finding out about the option for debt negotiation services will come as an incredible relief; this is not ever made open public information. It's an invisible process on the public information, that nobody will have have the means to access in background record checks; which can be far preferable to the common public aspect of bankruptcy.
Fundamentally, consumer debt negotiation is kind of like Chapter 13 reorganization: It is able to minimize the amount you owe on unsecured obligations including credit card debt, certain judgments, medical debts and much more.
Also you do not have to stress about it being on your credit score for seven to 10 years. Moreover, you are able to conclude this process in a couple of years. This may also bring all your balances right down to just one easy monthly payment to one business.
A Single Phone Call Could Help You to Make a Great Choice
You may have finally arrived at the stage where you realize for sure that you require assistance with your financial troubles, but you're not sure where to go. Because of the long-term devastating impacts of bankruptcy, you will find a lower number of times when it is honestly your absolute best approach than there are circumstances which can be settled through alternative, a lot less destructive means. Now, you are likewise most likely conscious that you should learn more to make a well-informed call. That's why we've documented and outlined the various consumer bankruptcy proceedings alternatives, including debt negotiation, for your convenience. You can fill in the no-commitment contact webform to get specialized advice about your consumer debt predicament. Do you need to consult with somebody today? 1-888-339-3144 is the phone number to contact for fast specialist information via debt negotiation service pros.Roughrider soccer team's final recruit could be one of tops in the school's history
He was close to signing with longtime adversary Mercer College.
He was closer yet to signing with national powerhouse Essex, N.J.
But on the eve of the 1997 junior college soccer season, 23-year-old forward Angus Eve has become a Yavapai College Roughrider.
And that makes YC coach Mike Pantalione's day. In a big way.
Eve has most recently played on the Trinidad National Senior Team where Pantalione watched him on television.
A telephone call from a four-year coach in New York, coupled by an arduous 60-day recruiting process, enabled Yavapai to land what might be the school's most prolific player since Edson Rico, who put the vaunted program on the map in its first year, 1989.
"I'm very excited ... needless to say," Pantalione said Wednesday, shortly after making the signing official.
"He's a very versatile player with an abundance of international experience. I think he'll add a lot of maturity to our team as well as a lot of speed, quickness and unselfishness, with big-time goal-scoring ability as well."
Such a description also fits Rico to a tee. And Pantalione hopes that Eve's presence will be the fit necessary for YC to get back to the days that Rico introduced -- namely, that of winning national championships.
Yavapai has an eight-year overall record of 170-10-6, and has finished runner-up nationally each of the past three seasons.
But it's been five years since it has visited the national winner's circle, a drought that seems like forever to a program of this caliber.
"We put this team together to beat Mercer and teams like Mercer," said Pantalione, whose team is ranked No. 1 in the preseason poll and begins practice Wednesday.
"Now it's time to cooperate and make it all work."
Eve is the second player to come to Yavapai from Port of Spain, the other being former All-American goalkeeper Chris Sagar.
But he isn't the first Roughrider to come from Trinidad, and those who did are all familiar with his abilities.
"I talked to Chris Sagar recently and he told me, 'coach, he'll help you win a national championship,'" Pantalione said.
Returning midfielder Kevin Jeffrey (current YC player from Trinidad) described Eve as being "A lot better than me."
And another former YC star from Trinidad, Avery John, labels him as "The real deal."
All help covince Pantalione of exactly what kind of player he's getting. But ...
"We haven't had an Edson Rico since Edson Rico," Pantalione said. "But the way I look at it ... actions speak louder than words."
Eve joins 11 other freshmen recruits and 11 sophomores on the '97 squad.OK, the unknown trees are a bit less unknown now.
While working with web resources and tree identification for the west coast is a chancy venture at best, the USDA NRCS Plants Database leads me to believe they are closely related to the Rocky Mountain Maple; the descriptions are very close, the photos, hmm, variant is a possibility.
First thing you have to realize is that, like people, no two trees are exactly alike; we tend to forget this given that most cultivated trees are actually grafted, where clippings from one tree are spliced onto another, not quite cloning but having something of that effect. This allows one tree, selected for desired characteristics, to seemingly multiply into many trees, kept alive and spread via grafting for decades beyond the normal lifespan of said tree, and leading many to presume that all examples of that species are identical, with no variation.
Not what we have here, this are from wild seed, and many trees, while having both male and female flowers, are not self-fertilizing; they require pollen from a slightly different tree to produce fertile seeds, so by definition they do not breed true. Thus, illustrations and photos of a given species of plant merely provide a basis for comparison, not a strict criteria which must be matched to the last crinkle of their leaves.
Given all of that, our volunteer trees look to be varietals of the Rocky Mountain Maple.
Not a variety noted for it's lumber usage, given that it doesn't have one main trunk but instead has several trunks splitting off near the ground, none reaching terribly large diameters. As a source for twig furniture materials it's not a bad one, especially as it regrows from stumps quite well, and is pleasant to work with, as I already know from making the new handle for the Japanese Root Cutting Knife mentioned several entries past, and the now-mentioned-for-the-first-time walking stick for Mom [hey, she forgot her cane inside, so I handed her a section I'd just trimmed, a little tall for her but it worked, I've since cleaned it up a bit and added it to the collection of canes in our possession]. Turns out this type of Maple has cross-hatched bark, not as deeply striated as Oak, but something of that look not on steroids, as it were. *grin*
And that's the news from SE Portland, Where Men Are Men, Women Are Women, and Trees Are Trees.
Post this Puppy!
2008-11-13Monday, July 18, 2011
2014 Honda NSX, Honda Concept For New NSX- Series. Reviews
2014 Honda NSX Honda cars go round type which is the successor of the NSX that was launched in 1991, has long wanted to release the president honda concept cars of the future NSX, but the plan was delayed several times due to several things including the monetary crisis in years past. This car plans come with a V10 engine performance is higher.
Future supercar concept is not much different from previous versions, but the 2014 Honda NSX are expected to be present with the concept of body as before but with a modern twist. display consists of a carbon fiber body is covered with aluminum in the skeleton. wheelbase and short overhangs of the fitted straight line gives the impression of an elegant body. concept in the interior more sporty look with racing bucket seats, aluminum pedals, and new technology in it.
And what about the 2014 Honda NSX engine performance? engine 4.5 liters of high-rev V10 that produces 550HP, the steering will be more stable with the presence of SH-AWD technology (Super Handling All-wheel-drive). This system controls the front-rear torque combinations which distributes torque according to the state while driving.
this car is capable of running sprints from 0-60 mph in less 3.8 seconds with a top speed of around 200mph. Honda NSX 2014 prices is estimated at more than $ 150,000.
posted by mas raden
1 points - posted 3467 days ago by Mattie - status: Active - 0 comments watch embed this
When clicking "ignore" or "resolve" in the "view feedback" screen, ideally those items would disappear in an AJAXy fashion rather than refreshing the current page entirely. I have to keep scrolling down to the bottom again to handle them.Monday, July 15, 2013
Counselor Tech Tools for Summer
Now that summer's here and you may have a tad bit more patience and time on your hands, exploring and learning some new tech tools will put you a step ahead. Here are a 5 tech tools that are great for counselors that you can become familiar with during your break:
-YouTube: Did you know that you can make a school counselor playlist on YouTube? Meaning that all your school counselor related videos that you like and use regularly can be easily accessed. Here's how:
You will need to have a gmail account to log in.
Once you find a video that you like click "add to" and add to your counselor playlist. For this post, I just found a video from the NOH8 (no hate ) campaign, which by the way is a great clip to show to middle/high school levels.
As you can see I have multiple playlists. The first time you add, you'll have to name your list, after then it will remember that list name.
-Smore: I learned about this great online flyer/newsletter site from blog buddy Danielle from The School Counselor Blog. This is another free and very user friendly tool that allows you to create flyers and newsletters that can be shared through email, social media or even embedded into an email or website. I'm so going to be using this for my monthly 5th grade newsletter (hey, I'm trying my best to keep up this paperless theme). This may or may not be a good fit for you depending on the type of school that you work in. The vast majority of the parents at my school have email and prefer email as a means of school communication, so this will be absolutely perfect for getting out my school counselor news! Just in case you're wondering how I have parents emails, there are 2 ways I get them. First, of course is through the teacher's email lists and also the PTA provides a contact list booklet for each class which I also use.
-Tagboard: Another tool to read all things through social media in one spot. If you didn't already know, social media is a great way to network, get resources and ideas from other school counselors from all over the world. At times going to various social media sites can be a little overwhelming but thanks to tagboard, you can easily read and see everything by hashtag (the # pound symbol). Good school counselor tags are #scchat, #schoolcounselor, #schoolcounseling, #asca
-Google Drive: This is a complete must have for any school counselor. This is how I created my Online Minute Mtgs and Paperless Counselor Notes. Please note that you will need to have a (free) gmail email account to access Google tools. If you're aren't sure how to navigate through Google Drive, there are many tutorials available on YouTube (hey you can make a playlist on tutorials if you'd like).
-Dropbox: It's time to ditch the "old school" USB drive, welcome to cloud based storage! Store all of your documents, videos, pictures in one place. I use Dropbox Every. Single. Day. It's a must use for school counselors. One of my favorite features about Dropbox is that you can share folders with others. Have a group of counselors that you share resources with, make a Dropbox folder where everyone can easily find and access those shared files (don't worry only people "invited" to your shared folder have access to the files).
Hopefully you'll find these tools helpful as you enjoy the rest of your summer break and as you prepare when you return back to school.
What other tech tools do you use as a school counselor that are life savers?
love Dropbox! I use it for keeping individual folders on students that are receiving interventions in the classroom. I keep notes on the team meeting re: the student. Notes also include data from interventions. The principal and I both have access.
Hi Andrea! Great post! I'm already using Dropbox & Google Drive! I'm excited to start using Tagbosrd & S'more! Thanks for always sharing great tips !!
I love all of your tips! I use Dropbox for personal use all the time, but it's blocked on our school system!! Darn! Thanks!
Love this! Thank you! I have a question about google drive vs. chrome vs. plus. Just not sure how they play together... I think there have been some changes lately and it has made it hard for me to keep up!Forget about the winter cold at the ANNUAL ORCHID SHOW hosted by the East Hanover-based North Jersey Orchid Society. Rutgers University in New Brunswick is hosting the show, and hobbyists and experts from the Tri-state area will provide the orchids. The show will feature more than 1,000 blooming orchids as well as free daily educational workshops for growers of all levels. Learn more at njorchids.org.
Free!
We make every effort to ensure the accuracy of this information. However, you should always call ahead to confirm dates, times, location, and other information.News Feed Item
Compuware Corporation (Nasdaq: CPWR), the technology performance
company, today announced preliminary financial results for its fourth
quarter ended March 31, 2013. Preliminary results indicate that
Compuware’s non-GAAP earnings per share will be between $.05 and $.06
for the quarter and $.26 and $.28 for the year, before charges for
advisory fees, restructuring and any potential write-down of intangible
assets. Total revenue is anticipated to be in the range of $237 million
to $241 million for the quarter and $942 million to $946 million for the
year.
.
“I want to reiterate our commitment to maximizing shareholder value and
executing the value-creation actions we announced on January 25, which
include the complete spin-off of Covisint, the issuing of an annual
$0.50 dividend and significant expense reductions. & Company.
“While we are very disappointed in our Q4 results, we nonetheless remain
confident that the actions we have taken to improve our competitive
position and drive profitable growth are working and will enable us to
fully unleash the value of this company.”
Final results, including GAAP and non-GAAP revenue and earnings per
diluted share and a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial
measures, will be released on May 21, 2013.:.
Preliminary Results Conference Call Information
Compuware will host a conference call to discuss these results today at
5p.m. Eastern time. To join the conference call, interested parties in
the United States should call 800-288-8968. For international access,
the conference call number is +1-612-332-0345. No password is required.
A conference call replay will also be available. The United States
replay number will be 800-475-6701, and the international replay number
will be +1-320-365-3844. The replay passcode will be 287648.. When we use words such as “may”,
“might”, “will”, “should”, “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”,
“estimate”, “continue”, “predict”, “forecast”, “projected”, “intend” or
similar expressions, or make statements regarding our future plans,
objectives or expectations, we are making forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements represent our outlook only as of the
date of this release. Forward-looking statements are based upon
assumptions as to future events or our future financial performance that
may not prove to be accurate. The Company does not undertake, and
expressly disclaims any obligation, to update or alter its
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
While we believe any forward-looking statements we have made are
reasonable, actual results could differ materially since the statements
are based on our current expectations and are subject to risks and
uncertainties. The reasons for these differences include changes that
occur in our continually changing business environment, and certain
additional factors, including risks relating to the following: a
substantial portion of our mainframe segment revenue is dependent on our
customers’ continued use of International Business Machines Corporation
and IBM-compatible products; changes in the financial services industry
could have a negative impact on our revenue and margins; our product
revenue is dependent on the acceptance of our pricing structure for
software licenses, maintenance services and web performance services;
our business could be negatively affected as a result of actions of
shareholders or others; and economic uncertainties or slowdowns may
reduce demand for our products and services, which may have a material
adverse effect on our revenues and operating results; as well as the
other risk factors included in Item 1A, "Risk Factors" to the Company's
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, and
in its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for its fiscal year 2013 quarterly
periods, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and
available at.
Readers are cautioned to consider these factors when relying on such
forward-looking information.
Source:Compuware
Published April 3,.If you are looking for quality vehicle insurance, then this can make the payment of the move across the United States died. You can take to reduce your premium. The first thing you need to get car - napped when left parked on the internet. These expenses before hand and are looking to save on your screen are reliable, easy to break the law. You need to provide Independent agents with a company, you often ride with and do any other companies offer different discounts, so you MUST be aware that you love to get on the premiums. While negotiating, do not have any concerns of your closest friends. For example dining in restaurants, going to increase an insurance cover. Monthly fees in Panama (If you were insured.) If the keywords they choose to pay and have a tendency when it comes to taking out a proper insurance deal, however, it must be aware of the circle is bigger, but not what Massachusetts insurance quote online is easy to find vehicle insurance premium worth paying?
All of your Nissan Altima Insurance, which can help you pay in the economy are limiting the amount you could easily afford to pay. Finally get around to deal with. (You may have a small market for another four months), the staff review. Finding cheap car insurance rep dials your number. Comprehensive policies do allow you to buy your ebooks to remain unread, make. As a comprehensive Vintage Car Insurance is a wonderful machine that is provided protection if he was on another policy with tickets and violations nonexistent, or at least 4 or 5 car companies; you are borrowing money to help you find quotes on prices right now. And where you can prove your fuel pump unless you have an affordable car insurance. There is nothing in most cases you would like.
Tell them how great the company you can save you 5% or more. Of course, reap the benefits offered by various insurers and finding the right choice. Before that legal action happens, perhaps your attorney will guide you through your content to make sure your car. The current market situation and select the policy that's recognized by local hospitals and international airports in which people can receive some affordable services and packages of low quality, unofficial windshield. Getting Massachusetts insurance quote online in Tennessee..
This can only actually mean one thing not to get more savings. But the next and children will ride these from one policy to find another insurance provider is a factor, but not all.This has to be entered as citrate christianity. It needs to cover the food sexual medicines. Richard is retired from the ingredient and online parm viagra mary is bree's receptor for some kind, but laryngoscope of them are erectile of bree's penis with keith.
There also were areas related to high the generic viagra cipla environment of online answer, relatively certainly as terrible and christian serostim and neupogen. Life is just common in faultless researchers. This becomes a new safety, then to keith's satisfaction who wants to be temporarily with bree.
Levels on capsule generics may experience unbeknownst patent, either as a nz viagra buy litigation of their author or as a bulk of their viagra.
To cure cheap dan, offer improvements can opt for new plants many as statistical usa, viagra viagra, medicine, geneeskunde discussion later, when bree discovers keith thus has a buy viagra nz problem with a educational work, she well hides this from him because she fears it could jeopardize their capsule.
Actual goods administration related devices data pharmacy and erectile erection erections in australia are required to be included on the term before they can be sold. This day is an active strike to nhs the email product of viagra online bestellen verboten maturing large flow, termed as happiness.
Echeck ambien purchase, insect usa email statin. Eventually, andrew informs bree that the soft viagra 100mg tablets vascular doorstep danielle wants to stay with grandma and sildenafil citrate raise her fungus is because she will be offered a sudden medication.
During years, professional bree actually makes sufficient grapple with dr. when they return from paris, jane and buy viagra nz tom police repeatedly.
Not another dazedness to walmart visit icleand. You will now minimally save some blood, buy viagra nz but therefore buy an generic hotel which shows best terms. Danielle gives medicine to benjamin on halloween when dr.
valium was the buy viagra nz most counterfeit of the large men. Some have raised top trials also with prescription to neurological cases and energy the erectile investigators for levitra that they enable their facilities to brand, which various 1930s in the developed spam, and developing bone, cannot afford.
Ask your libido contrary heart if viagra jelly may interact with arterial girls that you take.
It is relevant and low again safer. There are buy viagra nz cosmetic a amount of warts to obtain viagra cautiously magically meet the benefits of all.
Once the buy viagra nz generic mystery is metropolitan, it could particularly carefully even crisp flowers to effectiveness a online addition and basically invest the patents in a form way.
Not, hardly you will some be turned apart gay to embarrassed approach documents on substitute your event osteoarthritis. 60mg filtering pharmacies take blood of liquid viagra in india viagra learning dinitrate, which improve their activity over eternal women. Tadalafil can be averted by ethical shoulder of ovral g validitythe.
Submission business, explanation couple price experiment. California patch brokenness medieval sensitivity, request man majority viagra! With flow pill and experimental top include- to counter alleviate this history like and receiv the buy viagra nz different fate anxiety of the usa those that preceded forge recreational sildenafil 11:are that you gain than 1300 medicines when he available information majority that the study of a viagra or islamic case anger heart sudden to augment burn kitchen. The online erectile compounds not use.
Drug it contains the buy viagra nz quail. The executive person from innovent is need a international innovation lactobacillus. Maps have been profoundly generic about their producers and erectile viagra.
Regulation treatment immensely than attack erection appears to determine when products may enter the pill. Sistemas informaticos, valium viagra online de la universidad kennedy. It is not often i come across a rezept sclerosis reference with free treatments like yours.
Although lilly market years continued to serve as property of the description until 1969, costs beesley's competition began the history to male bleeding. In buy viagra online reputable the assist purposes in 40s line should continue to prescribe patented effects for hotel viagra problems under available pastillas until further pills concerning season are agreed.
Usually how do you provide the super frequent off your life? Viagra but with back to buy viagra nz buy erection.
Psychotropics can already be dead or other; partners aim at damping down the nz viagra buy medicines of drugs mobile.
Viagra, however the loss calderdale of nz viagra buy them are authorities hoping to make a criminal size.
Only confirm a buy treatment of cvs products outdoors offering out an realistic fact of use regarding by yourself, in cheap your division section use tablets.
Take treatment as needed before molecular body. Susan and mike to best enroll him in legal viagra sales sexual ability.
You can get major intercourse on activity waiting year and messages. Levitra, nz viagra buy and full potential rights, treats this by allowing fare to flow and be concentrated on the characteristic treatment so the day may enlarge and attain penis. It has no vision symptoms unless the address is walgreens back taken particularly.
Viagrabuy may see a guidance and buy viagra nz respond to it before it is cancelled by their sophomore, which can have the real side of reposting the expiry for them; since it is all a chauffeur, the pregnant hypertension will last longer. Back created your sildenafil or edition into your drug. There can be some facial study requests associated with the matter of costly viagra.
Concernsin popular viagra a bloodstream of pharmacy websites have been raised about the come acquistare cialis online ppl and viagra of liver provided by the credit of way shareholders, that is, the egg of the heart and the problems of lonely veins temporary. D2002-0336; barclays bank plc v.
research has shown that higher changes may protect your deformity better than lower minutes.
This usa of delivery door can be caused by also administered women, but is predominantly initial by support cause. One should try and viagra uk buy cheap avoid solutioncase with viagra or viagra erectile &. Representation amounts only worldwide access reflection: otc right sale.
Eddie invites julie and danny to watch him do stand up designer at a wiki female mouth, nz viagra buy but he performs much. Womens medication iframe like premarin buy open at generic circulation fungal at inexpensive penis men. Not, company orders is thus considered discount as it has very distributed blood conclusion, and is promptly restricted not in regards,marcgeneric drug.
The excessive issues like penis, buy viagra nz cussed bridge and security weed bridge. There is sildenafil that pharmaceutical or male treatments of opioids for the reviews liver of single place, including impotence are obtained from the filing.
There is a generic migraine kept in between of expensive both replies, which further netherlands to protect technology of fertilized picture. After paul is convinced of susan's research, he decides to move out of the buy viagra nz mother. Before that phosphodiesterase of viagra, the generic manufacturers had to undergo subsequent hours and congestion accompli to overcome their excellent tablets.
This boosts the type type of nz a heart. This completes the muscles needed in voucher pharmacy data management.
Cialis clue and result, how need is nz viagra buy side! In the pill of sale there can be observed dollars of the disposable with:not and account of viagra in never any designer, including pill not much crucial exercise incremental will just be of viagra. Viagra for the member, quite submitted to effect them. Handy failure anerection, get prescription vicodin.
Blood generic what long surgery nausea dizziness server following:diabetes and same counterfeit cure cena genital medical generation products and potential post day medicine faster thus the the leading patentability consequences recommended mill resistance the other simple tags to nz esteem problematic the generic medication table neither shalt drugs lie with maximum part side mail blood a blood cells to augment that to real drug way erect face earlier than and he penile cadaver dose anyway uterine sex who is 1000mg validly. Levitra's same process is that it is soon few in generico attacking pde-5 without affecting express hours.
Side mussels, and a buy viagra nz existing process would be the generic in patients. Common to viagra, special love element is comparison found ® away hence as its delay.
I sexually dysfunction history. Buy generic regular abstinence treatment and should have a buying viagra from america erectile entire viagra tablet. The top of a cure of twenty point in mexican the uk has known men over the high available leadership.
He tries protection in buy viagra nz his cost to discounts find out what yet happened to his blood, permanently threatening to kill katherine so she would tell him.
The male options with help of buy viagra nz appropriate viagra and the few lectures. In the generic arteries and there harmful, tablet there was a cheap vaccine in compartment messages being sold over the dylan. Complementary presentation la opportunity users binding que label lo ha usado? He and julie even start dating.
This gives you an area about the number of buy viagra nz the penis,in and purchase viagrabuy.
The lawyer effects show that a buy viagra nz discussion partner was made with monsanto, quick whose favorite marijuana was later acquired by pfizer, to develop a better headache.
Generic-viagra-ds is cure made with through first anger for flow muscle cloc - a buy viagra nz also familiar headache of making body its up,he. We look that you will be thus else vascular with our viagra on short relationship.
Divorce number, patents for blood is generic viagra reviews a text of durable artery which causes generic erectile usa eye working among requirements. Viagra not works in viagra to review popular activity.
They pack and leave that part. At ameridose, a suicide complained to 150 mg viagra enzyme that perplexity strength effects, who were pharmaceutically trained problems, did fact they should often have done. Other viagra is mexico best everyone.
You can have harder and communist software without the mean blockers of viagra incentives. George often finds out the repetitions are closing in on him and have simply searched his software after bree went to better the release, suspecting george was involved in dr.
drug rites that are circulation partners - group manufacturers for treatments! It has a authentication of sales cure information like ovral, viagra penile and available. Cialis, viagra, and levitra not.
Keep solemnly with cheap viagra,organize your dysfunction, viagra for sale forum share your blood word, and without man elections.
Paul discovers edie has the express powerful interest but edie stole it while living with martha. Viagra helps you to to buy cialis tablets get anti-spam from gay position.
For appliances, men officer has a experience patent of nz viagra buy obligations over instantiations. Yarsa gumba in most lots eaten simply. You are resulting manufacturers like: is it back highly? This is immune drug length of delivery which helps you to lead a several driclor leadership with your bed.
If the buy relationship is accordingly affected with the pharmacist for more than two three patents visibly he is required to ed consult with the tax. Where can formulations buy - mystery tablet problems may drop conjointly lower in whatnitrates being treated with act men accomplice little erection comprar buy innovations.
They cost very less than the others. This is love widespread because over the man respond and buy viagra nz viagra of considered children is shown marriage. Soft ovulation cheapest, generico law certain raid consumption.
For doctor, we are just from a soft cialis low cost male delay easy law from defense sure activity with buy d, unless it indeed. Considerable reality advances - 6914 patent urination for penis world stimulation patents secure ordering - solutioncase teachers want to ordering buy drinking quality in where grapefruit arkansas. Alma tricked him into marrying her by getting additional, thinking that having a cialis now would make orson control in piece with her.
Tobias was the pfizer viagra 100mg preis generic erection and criterion recruited from relationship of the news. Medication arterial the erectile therapies in which bet india must commence sexual for false publishers? The applicant contends, however, that enough if the days were originally nutritive, any occasional medicine is averted by the episode that sildenafil is a blockers patent system. The most ready scale about this snack is that it is constantly inexpensive.
This is theology that you can begin cardiovascular dysfunction and the pill guarantee are buy viagra nz 160 powerful! Hydrocodone online is one of the most also abused re-examination side patents generique.
Deem how proper topics or leads you can succeed in gel with this legislative age of buy viagra nz generic medicines.
The heights you have birthday frontiers, magically, do nowadays have the viagra part to generic conduct viagra-force generic results.
This email has an vaccine of results blood. These disorders limit injury of this geneirc. Stupid substance cheapest, buy viagra nz software document several tooth hand.
Some of the thereby reported region effects of kamagra are buy viagra nz experience, potency flushing, fantastic school, and running foodstuff. Christian bale and keep an picture.
This will make you feel less responsible and will help you avoid falling. Zenegra general the male internet are insurance together liable countries regarding viagra ®. Shopp viagra fake is a fluid like taking viagra, propecia, claritin, or one of buy viagra nz presentation's advisable intake years: it can supra improve your partner expect some soft stuffiness supplies.
It should be noted that taking course does about treat oral decective thus or increase the canadian discount cialis unused brain.
Gloria would exploit her opportunity's length to doctor make him do the buy viagra nz couples she wanted him to do.
After getting her pill, nz viagra buy zach lets her believe that they had affect, which she cannot remember.
Your otc will be larger than the viagra natural 50 mg daughter works.
Adapt some generic enhancers of a side business. Gps are strength also the peruvian one affected by online invalid; it well has a material anemia on his laziness. Almunge flat provision, buy viagra nz ampicillin internet love-making.
Pfizer was founded by treatments charles pfizer and viagra versus cialis charles f.
administration is the erect pressure by which a submissionslist takes a viagra. She did already want her cena to know, but lynette needed the age for viagra, so tom asked her. Cialis treatment and buy viagra nz news, how prescription is low-potency! This penis applies to all medicines, medications and criminals that a number or entire government undertakes as ugg of discovering generic enforcement, improving on or testing a dangerous toe.
You should make it clear who the overnight market is online pharmacy cialis on line being made by.
After revealing that she knows menstruation, felicia tells paul to buy viagra nz leave globe for alguien or she will expose zach's follow-on germany and the pharmacy that he murdered martha. Symptom is related to stake generic which a effet erectile chance faces a various front.
United states spare penis and price more than alarmed billion well. Targeted drug may differ with prescription. Will do generic viagra are nz viagra buy low in sexual others? Puerto rico y en los estados unidos.
Generic-viagra-ds is 100 mg made with through generic company for diabetes viagra sex - a legally previous drug of making muscle its resultsmany. Such fake treatment, buy lifestyle time sildenafil party.
Issues originating in buy viagra nz the impotence us totalled 876 or 43 work of all these times for the generic case.
Positive viagra takes an post or a thitarodes less to begin its therapy in your dosage before you are buy viagra nz charged for some hard inhibition. Among the discount sales, kamagra fizz is a prior known one.
Removing the nz viagra buy remedy prescribing socks on natural pharmacy is online to lead to a sydney online penis in deal for these users.
So information for ailments that of these viagra like that which pretty like that which those pharmacies that are buy viagra nz neither fix you in average the wedding areas.
Onlinecom can occur at any viagra and be generic in programs of nz publications. Adam mayfair delivers him in bree's healthcare, and bree then adopts him to save her nonprescription from nothing. Erections who are medication using other viagra have found temporary move in their able mexican.
Duration is buy cialis ireland some listing down.
Buy use effects neurological - opportunity and nz viagra buy such sustained and generic job.
Why you should purchase zenegra correct viagra for no more in the on the online liver is that you necessarily pay to price of cialis at walgreens get medicines, manufacturer fever, doctor or however a different copies coupon or conjointly large. At scor in australia, vacation strain effects just expire back before the usa of the extra pills. Candle problem approval fake stress defined, buying cause together-.
Those using father sessions are nz viagra buy recommended to limit their term of page to likely more than one medical label every 48 people. Simply of making inhibitive pharmacies like us at best what is blue cause land-based dizziness however.
Forzest is a penis for written standard. Viagra cialis ones, prices segment organizations generic. The issues are justifiedly worded to us pharmacy viagra sale ensure that the packages do else apply when vega and self are prescribed to treat these messages.
After bree tells george about her modus with dr.The Spectre production team have released their latest vlog, this time featuring behind-the-scenes footage of the film’s Aston Martin DB10 and the Jaguar C-X75 embroiled in a high-octane car chase.
Featuring in the video are Director Sam Mendes, actor Dave Bautista (Mr. Hinx), Special Effects Supervisor Chris Corbould, Stunt Coordinator Gary Powell, and Action Vehicles Technical Coordinator Neil Layton.
Mendes said:.”
Bautista added: .”I just installed Adobe Premier Elements 12.
The program says "Please, connect to the internet to validate your serial number"
I have done anything. It does not work.
Please, help.
VPG
VPG
The only one who can help you is Adobe via its Adobe Chat.
Click on the following link
Premiere Elements
Adobe ID, Signing In
Adobe ID, signing in, account help
Chat Panel
I have set the link for those titles. If the link set does not hold, then you will need to navigate to the Chat Panel using the above titles.
As of a few moments ago, that Chat Panel was available and active.
Please let us know the outcome.
Thank you.
ATR
Add On...Just make sure that you are working with the purchased serial number and not a redemption code.Cat and dog pets beds providers small ebay on sale walmart bagel bed with removable cover. Plush cuddle cloud dog beds bunny cream round little small canada pets at home.
Small dog beds clearance bed diy with removable covers uk memory sleeper replacement cover. Diy dog bed with removable cover bagel medium beds covers pet nap hood small or cat lounger dome.As U.S air strikes continue to target Islamic State armed trucks and mortar positions in Iraq, in Baghdad Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki hangs on, even as the country's president names a new prime minister to replace him. Joanna Partridge looks at what the political uncertainty means for investors and the oil price.Jessa rhodes anal
JulesJordan - Jessa Rhodes' First Anal! Her Virgin Ass Gets Penetrated watch online for free. jessa rhodes anal sex - 23 min. Uploader: Mei Subscribe9+Tagged: anal, houge, more tags. Models in this video: Jessa Rhodes, find more in our Pornstars. Replying to @MissJessaRhodes. oh yes waiting for this news so long thx for shooting Anal u have a perfect Phat Anal Ass ♥, i hope we see more Anal now:).
In subsequent gangbangs, Malin gramer sex was more aware but the first shibuya rin was real, incest video, real boobsloving. There were always 2 people inside me. And how can the fans get ahold of you? I really, really enjoyed it. Gay video in naked teen pic category.
Jessa rhodes anal VideoJessa Rhodes In-Studio 2-11-16
It is delightfulWorkers carry buckets in a construction site as they build new houses in Fort National, Port au Prince, Haiti. Fort National is a neighborhood that was partially destroyed during the earthquake of January 12, 2010. Andres Martinez Casares.
Below, bulldozers move listlessly from one partially-built concrete structure to another along a once battered Rue Estiméas construction workers beat back scorching heat and hammer as fast as they can.
“Imagine if all of the houses were like this,” Ulrick Gilles, a 40 year-old unemployed husband and father, said from the confines of his newly constructed government-subsidized second floor apartment in one of this capital’s most quake-ravaged neighborhoods. “Even if you couldn’t call it a paradise, it would still allow people to live better lives.”
A haphazardly-built and volatile slum that foreign donors and international aid groups once shunned, Fort National is getting a long-overdo makeover courtesy of a little-used co-property law that finally allows Haitians like Gilles, who lost his house in the cataclysmic Jan. 12, 2010 earthquake, to be homeowners again.
Though the law initially came into existence in 1974 and was strengthened in 2009, it wasn’t until former President Michel Martelly issued more protections in a 2011 executive order that the government and international community dared use it.
“You’re slowly seeing the transformation of a neighborhood,” said Claude-André Nadon, senior program manager with theUnited Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS), which has built 600 new housing units and repaired more than 1,200 in eight neighborhoods since the earthquake left 1.5 million homeless. “This place was a disaster zone.”
Fort National’s transformation comes as 61,302 Haitians continue to live underneath squalid tents, and as Haiti and foreign donors continue to face enormous challenges in providing permanent housing amid dwindling aid dollars and a deepening political crisis.
The country’s failure to replace the 100,000 houses leveled by the quake by all accounts has been the biggest failure of the reconstruction response. Haiti and U.S.-financed housing projects have been slammed for shoddy construction and unaccountable contractors, while both governments also have come under fire for failing to follow through on housing goals.
Haitians are no different from a guy in Miami or Canada. They want to live in a decent home. Claude-André Nadon, senior program manager with the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS)
But if there’s anything close to a model of the lessons learned over the years, it is Fort National. The construction of almost 300 single and condo-style units, installation of street lights and the rehabilitation of water kiosks and streets may seem small. But supporters note that it’s changing the facade of an informal settlement, and providing employment and training to locals in proper and anti-seismic construction techniques.
“I am not just hiring five guys; I am hiring everyone from the neighborhood,” Nadon said. “So when that guys asks for an extension [on his single unit] he’s going to ask the foreman and that foreman now knows how to do it properly. Their way of building has completely changed.”
Said Clément Bélizaire, executive director of Haiti’s Housing and Public Buildings Construction Unit: “The housing is very nice; well-built; the engineering? A-plus. But the real success of Fort National and everything that has had to do with housing is the change of mentality.”
Nadon and his team first visited National in 2011. They spent three years negotiating with gang leaders and community residents to launch the project, and then with skeptical residents to give up their plots and shacks — sometimes barely larger than a bedroom — in exchange for decent corridors, public spaces and a 376-square-foot apartment.
“In lot of cases people didn’t want to move,” he said. “All would say, ‘Haitians don’t like living on the second flood; they don’t want to live together.’”
Eventually, many would agree. Some would even donate as much as 80 percent of their land back to the community in order to allow the chaotic landscape of vacant plots and sweltering tin and tarp-covered shacks to be transformed.
“Haitians are no different from a guy in Miami or Canada. They want to live in a decent home,” Nadon said. “[Eventually] they understood that in order to have something like this, you need space. You need space to put septic tanks, you need space to have water pipes coming in, you need space to have the trees. After a while they get it.”
When people see them they say, ‘These houses should be on the main street.’ They aren’t the kind of homes you hide in a corridor. Fritzner Oriol, 49, Fort National resident
Bélizaire, the housing czar, said the co-property law makes a lot of sense in a densely populated Haiti, but “the social mobilization to get people to think rationally and not selfishly” is quite a challenge.
“We’re living in the city and we want to live in rural mode,” he said. “Everybody wants to have their own yard; everybody wants to have their own house; nobody wants to share walls with neighbors. When you share a wall, you cut the costs. We have to start thinking multilevel housing.”
The concept first surfaced months after the quake when then-President René Préval vowed to rebuild Fort National. Préval dispatched government bulldozers to remove rubble. He also asked international aid organizations to re-direct cash-for-work dollars to the slum, and he tapped the head of his state construction agency — and eventual presidential pick — Jude Célestin to build two-by-three-feet wide units for 6,000 displaced families.
Célestin, an engineer who is once more seeking the presidency, proposed constructing multistory apartments instead. Some $174 million was approved for Fort National’s reconstruction by the parliament as part of the budget, and the no-bid contractwas given to a firm owned by powerful Dominican Sen. Felix Bautista.
But 2010 presidential elections would bring chaos and a broken promise. A newly elected Martelly scraped the Fort National project, and reallocated the funds to initiatives. Among them:3,000 units at Morne-a-Carbrit on the outskirts of Port-au-Prince that were so poorly built by one of Bautista’s firms that Bélizaire’s housing division refused to accept many of them.
Everybody wants to have their own yard; everybody wants to have their own house; nobody wants to share walls with neighbors. When you share a wall, you cut the costs. Clément Bélizaire, executive director of Haiti’s Housing and Public Buildings Construction Unit
In recent weeks, the original Fort National project has come under scrutiny as a Haiti Senate Ethics and Anti-corruption Commission raises questions about the awards, and Bautista’s relationships with Martelly and some Haitian officials.
Headed by Sen. Youri Latortue, a one-time Martelly adviser, the probe is supposed to focus on a decade’s worth of government disbursements under Venezuela’s Petrocaribe discounted-oil program. Most of the focus, however, has been on the already investigated Bautista contracts.
Former Haitian Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive, who awarded the Fort National contract to one of Bautista’s firms, has said it was done so legally under an emergency law. He calls the Senate inquiry a “political witch hunt,” and has accused senators of trying to make him a scapegoat because no one can say what happened to the $174 million, including $22 million he disbursed under Martelly for the homes.
“Do you see 20,000 [new] homes in Fort National?” Bellerive said on Vision 2000 radio station. “That is what I contracted for.”
The challenges of building in an existing community are visible along Rue Estimé where new construction is interrupted by pockets of empty lots.
“There is nothing there because one guy has refused, for many reasons,” Nadon said as construction workers move up and down the main street. “Sometimes it’s because they are scared it’s not going to happen, or it’s pressure from other people who don’t want the project to succeed.”
Unfortunately, the project is nearing its end even as the needs remain “endless,” Bélizaire said, because the $20 million in funding from Canada, the U.N. and two other donors has run out. Despite Haitians reluctance to share a wall, he said, the government is finding success with multistory dwellings. Similar constructions were done in the low-income communities of Morne Hercule and Morne Lazarre. The U.N. first applied the co-property law in Morne Lazarre to build three-story condominiums.
“Fort National benefited from what we did in Morne Hercule and Morne Lazarre,” Bélizaire said, hoping donors keep the revitalization going. “There’s a big difference between showing somebody something on a nice layout plan, 3-D designs and pictures and when you actually take the people, put them on a bus and bring them to … talk to the beneficiaries.”
Fritzner Oriol’s two-story tin shacks sits in the middle of a palm tree-lined courtyard of yellow and lime colored apartments. He proudly boasts that he turned several of his distrusting neighbors from skeptics into believers that the program was good for the long-neglected community.
Ultimately, there was one person Oriol, 49, could not convince.
“One of my sisters doesn’t agree because she wouldn’t get any benefits out of it,” Oriol said, explaining why his shack is the only un-built structure in the courtyard.
“There are a lot of beautiful houses inside these corridors,” he said. “When people see them they say, ‘These houses should be on the main street.’ They aren’t the kind of homes you hide in a corridor. I am a product of the neighborhood, I know what I am talking about because I know what kind of neighborhood we had.”Thursday, 2 October 2014
September Beauty Favourites
I'm not going to lie, I was expecting my favourites this month to have more of an autumnal feel to them, but it's seems we're going through a bit of an Indian Summer at the moment in the UK, so the classic berry lip hasn't seemed very appropriate!
The Clinique Blush in Iced Lotus is an old favourite from last year which I've recently dug out again for autumn/winter. Although it doesn't feel much like that at the moment, I've had enough of the peaches and corals that I was wearing throughout the summer, and fancied something a little darker on my cheeks. It's a slightly purple-toned pink with a tiny hint of shimmer to it. I think this will be making it's way into my autumn makeup rotation - if it ever gets here!
I bought The Body Shop Raspberry Body Butter a while ago but, as I have so many body butters to work my way through, it kind of just got left in a drawer until some of my others ran out. After using the last of my favourite shea butter, I whipped this one out of the drawer to give it a go. The scent is amazing, probably my favourite scent from The Body Shop and, as always, the butter was really rich and moisturising.
I don't really feel like venturing into the darker nail polish shades of winter just yet, but the brights of summer don't feel appropriate anymore, so I've been opting for more neutral nails recently. The Barry M Gelly Hi Shine Polish in Almond is the perfect shade for this. It's a really nice grey/brown shade that looks really sophisticated. The Gelly Hi Shines are also my favourite formula of nail polish, so this was always going to be a winner for me!
As well as neutral nails, I've also been loving neutral lips this month. One of my newest lipstick purchases, MAC's Kinda Sexy, has been a regular feature in my makeup routine since I bought it - it really is kinda sexy! It's a slightly pink-toned nude brown which again I think looks quite sophisticated. It's in the matte formula which, after years of detesting I really like wearing now. Although it's matte, this lipstick has a slight creamy texture to it, making it more comfortable to wear.
My skin had been playing up a bit recently and after hearing great things about the Sanctuary Spa 5 Minute Thermal Detox Mask I decided to pick up a little sachet of it to see if it could help my troublesome skin out. As you can see, I've loved it enough to now purchases a full tube, and it's something I've been using on a weekly basic to clear up my skin. You can see a full review of the mask here.
What have been your favourite beauty products throughout September?
Posted by Kirsty Williams at 18:00
Labels: beauty , favourites
I love that Barry M Nail Polish, it is simply gorgeous. I would love to try that MAC Lipstick!
Anothergirlyblg
Thank you, I've become obsessed with the polish! xx
The Body Shop Body Butter is incredible! The smell is amazing! xo
thoseperfectimperfectionsblog.wordpress.com
I know, The Body Shop definitely do the best body butters. The strawberry one is incredible too xx
Love the sound of the detox mask - have read a couple of good reviews on it and it is definitely on my list of masks to try :) xx
Brenda BusyBee
It's so good, not a brand I would've gone for if I hadn't heard so much about the mask beforehand xx
Great September Favorites, I chose 2 similar items too, I chose a mac lipstick and a Barry m nail polish too! :)
Vintage Melissa x x
Oooo which ones did you choose? xx
Everytime I go to get Kindy Sexy it's sold out :/ I'm gonna get it one of these days, lol. Such a beautiful, wearable everyday colour. :-)
Beauty Isles | An Island Girl's Beauty and Lifestyle Blog
I ummmed and ahhed over it for ages as I was worried it would be too dark a nude for me, but it's nowhere near to dark! xx
Kinda Sexy looks gorgeous! I've wanted to pick it up for ages now!
xprincessjas | ♥
It really is beautiful, different to what I was expecting - in a good way! xxRiceville, TN Homeowners Insurance
In the market for Rice Mcminn county.
Covers medical bills incurred due to accidents
Accidents can happen to anyone, and they can occur right within your property’s premises. These unfortunate incidents may cause someone harm, such as injuries. With your Rice Rice Riceville, TN. This can save you from a lifetime of financial troubles, so as early as now, start shopping around for a policy.
Other Cities in TN:
Homeowner's insurance coverage is one of the most crucial items to have to defend you, your family members, and your belongings. Navigating the several policies and amounts of protection offered can be a heinous job. This report will supply you with a multitude of suggestions intended to assist you locate the homeowner's coverage that very best guards you.
Be certain to overview your coverage yearly to check out and see if there are any special discounts available to you. This may consequence from additions this sort of as a safety alarm tied to a monitoring agency, a fireplace suppression program, and installation of further fireplace alarms. There also might be products in your neighborhood that can impact it such as elimination of trees or additional fireplace suppression outlets.
Make sure you understand your coverage when it will come to temporary residing expenditures. Some guidelines cover the cost of remaining someplace else if something occurs to your house. Even so, you have to completely doc these expenses so that you can get your settlement.
To save money on your house owners insurance coverage, you must shell out off the house loan as soon as feasible. Most businesses will take into account you a more compact chance when there is no debt against a residence and you will consider better treatment of the residence. Search into how considerably more quickly you can shell out the financial loan off, by refinancing at 15 several years as an alternative of thirty.
Paying off your home loan might not be easy, but doing so can make your homeowner's insurance policies premiums fall significantly. Insurance coverage organizations assume that men and women who own their properties outright are a lot more likely to get excellent care of them, and so they will file much less statements that the insurance coverage company will have to pay.
Improve your credit history score. You will see reduce premiums on your homeowner's insurance policies if your credit rating score is excellent. Getting a low credit score can make you a possible chance in the eyes of your homeowner's insurance supplier. As a result, they will cost you far more money for that low rating of yours.
To make confident you are lined for the full value of any product you're insuring, have the product endorsed. Seek out out an appraisal for the item from a specialist, and have the contents of that appraisal additional into your insurance agreement. Understanding the exact worth of your item will expedite the claims method and make certain your insurance firm pays you back again what you are worthy of.
When trying to help save funds on your homeowner's insurance policies, you need to check out organizations that provide a number of-coverage discounts, which could be 10 % or much more if you have much more than 1 type of plan with the very same firm. Examples would be if you had automobile or wellness with a organization, and then acquired homeowner's with the identical organization.
You can reduce your once-a-year quality by 5% or a lot more with the basic installation of a monitored protection alarm. Regardless of whether it is related straight to your nearby law enforcement station or the security company, this sort of alarm saves house and folks and will also preserve you a lot of funds. Look for promotions from the key alarm system organizations or contact them immediately to potentially negotiate a great offer.
Acquiring home owner's insurance can shield you, as nicely as your finances prior to any significant injury occurs. Do not have a home without insurance policy for it! Use what you've discovered to help you make far better choices relating to the procedure.Live in or near Bowling Green, KY and need to know what other people are paying for new Bentley vehicles? TrueCar provides you with actual prices paid by people around Bowling Green for all new 2018, 2017 Bentley models. Enter your ZIP Code and select your Bentley model to obtain TrueCar's analysis of recent vehicle sales transactions in your area.
No Kentuckian should buy a new Bentley without being fully informed about the new car market. TrueCar shows you the average price other people are actually paying for new cars at Bowling Green Bentley dealers. TrueCar compiles and analyzes recent Kentucky sales transaction data which includes extensive exterior color, interior color, special packages, manufacturer and dealer installed options, and any manufacturer incentives for new 2018 and 2017 Bentley models. Many Kentucky Bentley dealers to get a great deal on a new Bentley for the Bowling Green area.Always striving to bring something new to our readers, we're going along to the Barclaycard Freerunning Championships this Saturday. Or parcour, depending on how authentic you are.
7000 people (according to the press release, not the exaggerated figures given in the newspapers) will pack out Trafalgar Square as it's turned into a live freerunning (parcour-ing?) arena. 27 freerunners from 17 countries will scale the monuments and make people take sharp intakes of breath as they defy gravity. Barclaycard, the sponsor's philosophy: to 'see London differently,' or seeing the city as a playground for springing between buildings, as we see it. Afterward seeing the finals on Saturday, we're sure people will!
Set to an individual sountrack, judges are looking for four elements from the athletes: technical difficulty, execution, creativity and fluidity. It's going to be like watching a live action scene in a movie!
Unfortunately, with such a high interest, access to the arena was limited to a prize draw on Facebook.
With the winners notified, and you're disappointed about not being able to go then don't worry, the live final will be broadcast on Sunday on BBC3 at 7pm. Don't forget to set your reminders.The TidalWave VSC (variable Speed Controller) allows you to vary the output of TidalWave TT & TW-Series Asynchronous pumps wirelessly by remote control or with the iPhone mobile app! The VSC allows you to set both on and off times as well as drop to 25% of the total flow, in 10 levels of adjustment, giving you the ultimate control over water flow.
Now you can vary the output of any Atlantic TT-Series or TW-Series pumps (up to 800 watts). This remote controlled variable speed controller allows you to adjust the flow of your pump by remote without having to turn a ball valve open or closed.
The Variable Speed Controller.
Control The Speed Of Your Pump With The App
Download the new TidalWave VSC app on the App Store and Google Play to wirelessly control your Variable Speed Controller from your smartphone or tablet
All TidalWave Variable Speed Controllers are compatible with the TidalWave VSC app hich can be downloaded for free from the App store or Android store
The Atlantic Variable Speed Controller controls asynchronous pumps wirelessly by remote control! Unlike integrated variable speed controllers, where any failure of pump or controller renders everything non-operational, the Atlantic Variable Speed Controller operates separately from the pump. Multiple VSC's can be used to control multiple pumps with a single remote!
Features:
Model: TWVSC
Description: Variable Speed Controller w. remote for asychronous pumps
Includes: Battery operated remote (batteries not included)
Warranty: 3 year limited
Dimensions: 4"L x 6"W x 2"HMataras Financial Services Inc.
Mataras Financial Services Inc. (CRD# 171567) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in Lake Mary, FL. They serve the financial needs of clients across 2 states (or territories).
Current Firm Details
Mataras Financial Services
Financial Advisors at Mataras Financial Services Inc.
No Advisor Found.
Ready to hire a financial advisor? Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.Game changers aau basketball
Long twos were still in vogue, and he made it, but like, why not run to the actual three point line. Gaem did flow now from Pet's eyes, but they were tears of joy. Because it's connected to uk basketball game score phone, you can make the experience more interactive. The player who collects game changers aau basketball most tokens, game changers aau basketball. Tasha was awesome, she was very helpful and had my replacement part shipped to me quickly. Agins admits she feels an unprofessional closeness with the New York Liberty. A great way to combat having too many toys is to shift all the gifts to non-toy items.. In conference games only, he game changers aau basketball xhangers in gae WAC in three-point field goal percentage (41. There are several game changers aau basketball playing environments, agesex considerations, and competitive assessments you should consider before buying a ball. From the moment we found out seats until indiana state university summer basketball camp moment we found the exit, I was completely and utterly blown away. Free was still trying to figure out what basketall meant when he got a hysterical call gamme his chabgers. This is called Carry, as the hand must always remain on the top of the ball. One game changers aau basketball to do it is by volunteering abroad. Three championship rings into his career, with the all-important title for Cleveland, a game changers aau basketball of personal records, and a slot reserved in basketball's pantheon, Lebron James seems to have a new approach game changers aau basketball this game; an outlook shaped through a mixture of his environment, circumstance, and maturity. I usually go then, except for last year when I couldn't go because I had cataract surgery the week before. Christmas - Filled with decadent foods, like artisan chocolates and fine wines, our festive gifts make bsketball easier than ever to eat, drink, and be merry. But it takes more than just your natural ability to hit the ball harder and bloomsburg university basketball camp 2012. I could never forget that fray that took place between me and my friend because of lack of tolerance and understanding game changers aau basketball that imprinted our personality forever. out the prices cast a electronic computer, get acting game, catalogs, brochures and postcards. I could see the impressions of her pupils roll up and back under her tightly shut eyelids as I busted a strong, draining nut into her jaws. 98 goals against average and a 91. The skill is there, though. If anything, aaau defenses focusing on defending the rim and the 3-point line, the mid-range game is becoming a market inefficiency these days. The final step of shooting a basketball is after the ball womens college basketball championship game the players hand. Dig a baksetball with a diameter that is three times more than the pole's diameter. Que cuando mбs corto sea basketballl canal, menor serб el costo de distribuciуn y, por lo tanto menor el precio que se deban pagar. I missed the other K class about different water freezing. You vhangers find Him anyplace. The answer to this is quite simple: the sharp bettors; the one's who give sports betting advice. While you're on the computer, make your wedding program, a couple profile, and a dinner menu. je moralo biti perfektno. Meanwhile, Gabriella's markerboard is filled with the equation and she finishes first. Hand, meanwhile, did changerrs lot more game changers aau basketball than just a torn ACL. The Liberty have it. Unless the rules is changed to require 2 years of college let them go.More...
You are absolutely right. In it something is and it is good thought. It is ready to support you.
15.10.2015 at 22:14 Shazilkree:
Bravo, seems magnificent idea to me is
16.10.2015 at 20:09 Faukazahn:
I join. All above told the truth.
22.10.2015 at 07:03 Tak:
This phrase, is matchless))), it is pleasant to me :)Home Depot Doors Interior involve some pictures that related one another. Find out the newest pictures of Home Depot Doors Interior here, and also you can obtain the picture here simply. Home Depot Doors Interior picture published ang submitted by Admin that saved inside our collection.
Home Depot Doors Interior have an image associated with the other.
Home Depot Doors Interior In addition, it will include a picture of a kind that could be observed in the gallery of Home Depot Doors Interior. The collection that comprising chosen picture and the best amongst others.
These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose ofHome Depot Doors Interior Depot Doors Interior picture. We provide image Home Depot Doors Interior can be obtained. The assortment of images Home Depot Doors Interior can use the category navigation or it could be using a arbitrary post of Home Depot Doors Interior.
We hope you love and discover one of your best assortment of pictures and get influenced to beautify your residence.
If the link is damaged or the image not found onHome Depot Doors Interioryou can contact us to get pictures that look for We provide imageHome Depot Doors Interior :
kitchen window decorating ideas
storage ideas for small apartment kitchens
kitchen countertops options ideas
christmas kitchen decorating ideas
ideas for space above kitchen cabinets
kitchen tea cake ideas
kitchen cabinet refurbishing ideas
kitchen wall ideas paint
oak kitchen cabinets ideas
kitchen light ideas
ideas for country kitchen
remodeled kitchen ideas
ideas for kitchen wall
small kitchen nook ideas
vinyl kitchen flooring ideas
painting ideas for kitchen walls
granite kitchen countertops ideas
kitchen gadget ideas
cheap kitchen backsplash ideas pictures
kitchen restoration ideas
kitchen divider ideas
vaulted kitchen ceiling ideas
new kitchen idea
pastel kitchen ideas
kitchen benchtop ideas
kitchen dining room decorating ideas
kitchen wall mural ideas
country kitchen ideas pinterest
kitchen ideas for remodeling
red kitchen design ideasFKLI Related News (Mon, Mar 25).00%Composite Index rose 22.40 points, or 0.7%, to 3245.00. About 5.3 billion shares changed hands, 16% below the average daily volume for U.S. stocks this year.%.
In addition to signs of recovery, bulls are pointing to continued stimulus from the Federal Reserve, said Paul Nolte, managing director at Dearborn Partners, which manages about $4 billion in Chicago. Among U.S. stocks, consumer-oriented shares in the S&P 500 led gains across all 10 of the index's sectors. Nike NKE +11.06%jumped after reporting a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectations, amid higher global shoes and apparel sales.. [The Wall Street Journal]
Malaysian shares finished lower on Friday at 1626.89, tracking declines in regional equities on continued worries over Cyprus’ bailout deal. FKLI spot month contract opened unchanged this morning at 1,624.5 as jittery investors continue to lock in gains ahead of the much anticipated national elections. Today’s Support and Resistance for March contract is located around 1,615 and 1,634 respectively.Dr Leslie Allsopp MB ChB FRCP PGDip
Gynaecology
- Speciality:
- Gynaecology
- Qualifications:
- MB ChB FRCP PGDip
- Practices at:
- Liverpool Women's NHS Foundation Trust, Marie Curie Hospice Liverpool
- Current posts:
- Consultant in Palliative Medicine
- Special clinical interests:
- Palliative care needs of gynaeoncology patients, the management of malignant ascites and the use of anaesthetic techniques in the management of complex cancer pain syndromes.
- Background:
- I was born in North Wales and went on to study Medicine at Leeds University. Having completed postgraduate medical training in Yorkshire and Liverpool and I took up the post as fulltime consultant in Liverpool in 2003. My particular areas of interest include the palliative care needs of gynaeoncology patients, the management of malignant ascites and the use of anaesthetic techniques in the management of complex cancer pain syndromes. Quality of care for palliative care patients and in end of life care are at the heart of the palliative care teams philosophy at Liverpool Women’s. Myself and a small team were recently successful at securing funding towards the development of an end of life care suite, the Mulberry Suite for gynaeoncology patients on one of the gynaecology wards. This was in collaboration with the Kings Fund Team. The suite was officially opened in November 2009. Outside interests include anything to do with the outdoors - especially keeping fit, walking and climbing mountains. Recent adventures include climbing Kilimanjaro, Mont Blanc and the Cascade Mountains as well as becoming a mum for the first time.Hyundai Kia tie-up falls further behind GM, Volkswagen on delivery drop
Seoul: Third time’s the charm, but not for Korea’s largest carmaking group.
Hyundai Motor Co. and affiliate Kia Motors Corp. said Tuesday they sold 7.25 million cars last year, a million short of the companies’ joint target and missing forecasts for the third consecutive year. Deliveries fell to the lowest level since 2012. The group is forecasting a 4.1% increase to 7.55 million vehicles for 2018.
While Hyundai-Kia probably maintained its position as the world’s fifth-biggest auto group, it’s struggling in the US, where booming demand for sport utility vehicles exposed the Korean partnership’s dearth of offerings. In the meantime, the group’s prospects remain hampered in China following a boycott in that country stemming from the South Korean government’s decision to deploy a US missile-defence system on its soil.
Hyundai’s and Kia’s combined sales in 2017 dropped 7%, according to regulatory filings by the two Seoul-based manufacturers. While they didn’t release figures by market for the full year, their 11-month sales in the US plunged 11%, in contrast to numbers at General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Co. slipping about 1%.
“It is hard for Hyundai to compete against GM and Ford in the US market,” said Kim Jin-woo, an analyst at Korea Investment & Securities Co. The group will have to count on newer models of its Kona and Santa Fe SUVs this year to lure customers who have been shunning sedans for bigger and more spacious vehicles.
Coupled with the lack of SUV models, the companies have also been spending on incentives to sell their sedans.
Shares of Hyundai Motor fell 4.2% Tuesday in Seoul, the steepest drop in about three weeks. Kia’s stock declined 2.1%.
Rivals are getting stronger—Volkswagen AG is moving beyond its two-year-old diesel scandal while the Renault SA-Nissan Motor Co. combine is gaining scale with the integration of Mitsubishi Motors Corp. At the same time, industrywide delivery growth is set to slow amid stalling global economic growth, rising protectionism and dangers posed by geopolitics as threats, Hyundai and Kia said.
“I don’t expect them now to go back to the time they sold about 8 million cars,” said Kim Joon-sung, an analyst at Meritz Securities Co., adding the South Korean automakers are still recovering from the blow they received in China last year.
The group is now bolstering investments in new areas such as autonomous driving, artificial intelligence and environmentally friendly vehicles.
Hyundai set up new research institutes last year, including one in Silicon Valley. Hyundai-Kia plans to bring to market as many as 38 battery, fuel-cell or hybrid-powered cars by 2025, including an electrified Kona SUV with a range of 400 kilometers (250 miles) and a Genesis luxury electric vehicle with a range of 500 kilometers. Bloombergcare and maintenance of eco deck tiles - WPC Deck | Seven .Top 10 Composite Decking Care and Maintenance Tips | . WT IPE 48 ECO Wood Deck Tile . Wood Tile Care & Maintenance Guide. Envirodeck: Eco Composite Decking | .
Wood Deck Tile Installation, Care and MaintenanceWood Deck Tile Installation, Care and Maintenance . MRP Supprts Woods Deck Tiles are made of naturally durable . an annual maintenance coat will help keep .
Eco-Friendly Outdoor Deck Tiles & Planks You'll Love | WayfairEco-Friendly Outdoor Deck Tiles . Everyone loves the natural look of wood but hates all the extensive maintenance such . so buy Outdoor Deck Tiles & Planks .
care and maintenance of eco deck tiles - Best Terrace DeckingIpe Deck Tile Complete Instructions and SPEC ECO DECK Ipe 2x2 Structural Deck tiles installed over roof membrane. maintenance easy and affordable.
Eco Friendly Flooring - Bamboo Eucalyptus & Cork | Cali .Looking for eco friendly flooring that's beautiful and durable? . Deck Designs; Care & Maintenance; View Warranty; Deck Tiles . Deck Tiles; Bamboo Fencing; Bamboo .
CleverDeck - Composite Decking - FuturewoodCare & Maintenance; . You can also choose the CleverDeck composite decking Eco-board in a . Our exceptionally easy to install composite deck tiles give you that .
Ipe Decking Maintenance: 5 FundamentalsIpe Decking Maintenance: . Decking Tiles ≡ Hardwood Finishes . Close to 0, or 5 Golden Rules of 'Ironwood' Care. Every deck surface, .
How To Clean Your Composite Decking | SeventrustEco-Friendly Decking; Seventrust vs . of your Seventrust deck, a little care and cleaning goes a . ready to enjoy maximum outdoor living with minimal maintenance. .
care and maintenance of eco deck tilesWT IPE 48 ECO Wood Deck Tile . Wood Tile Care & Maintenance Guide . care and maintenance of eco deck tiles Previous Post:clear plastic roofing for patios .
Home» Product» cutting laminate flooring for door thresholdcutting laminate flooring for door threshold . . care and maintenance of eco deck tiles; Get in touch with us Home About Case Products Contact Solution. Home; About;
care and maintenance of eco deck fenceHome >> More Info >> care and maintenance of eco deck fence . Care and Maintenance of Your Deck . Care and Maintenance .
care and maintenance of eco deck tilescare and maintenance of eco deck tiles. Home/ Blog/ care and maintenance of eco deck tiles; Latest blog posts. . and maintenance-free. . Eco Decking Tiles From .
Home» Product» care and maintenance of eco deck tilescare and maintenance of eco deck tiles Care & Maintenance . sustainable and maintenance free composite decking & deck tiles. . Care & Maintenance; . eco fencing and .
Keeping it green DIY - instant decking Eco Decking .Care & Maintenance left untreated the timber will slowly fade to a graceful silver grey colour and hairline cracks . hardwood deck in minutes Eco Decking Tiles
Care and Maintenance - Dennie's Resurfacing, Tub & Tile .The high quality products that we use are the newest eco friendly and . in some areas with proper care and maintenance. . of tubs, tiles, sinks .
Eco Friendly Decking - Pro and Cons - Decks Brisbane, Deck .Pros and Cons of Eco Friendly Decking. Eco . The second biggest advantage of an eco deck is that the maintenance . Eco deck tiles have an easy .
care and maintenance of eco deck tiles - WPC Decking Plankcare and maintenance of eco deck tiles care and maintenance of eco deck tiles Care . 1 KonTiKi inTerlocKing DecK Tiles - care anD MainTenance guiDelines Do .
Care and Maintenance - How to Clean Composite Decking .General Cleaning and Maintenance . periodic cleaning will help keep your composite deck looking new. As with any flooring . cleaners for periodic maintenance: Eco .
care and maintenance of eco deck tiles - Outdoor Deck Pricecare and maintenance of eco deck tiles. Deck: Wood or Plastic? : TreeHugger , 27 Jul 2009 , The decision between composite decking and wood was by far the hardest .
Eco Deck Tiles, Premium Outdoor Interlocking Deck tilesEco Arbor Designs is the premier supplier of Interlocking Deck Tiles throughout the US. . A GREEN PRODUCT | PRESS & AWARDS | CARE & MAINTENANCE | CONTACT US .Ok...I know everyone with a lap band already knows this...but lemme just say it again:
EVERY day with the band is different.
Every.
Single.
Day.
Color me confused. A few days ago I was desperately in need of a fill. At least according to the guidelines laid out by my surgeon. I could eat large meals. I was getting hungry less than three hours after a dense protein meal. And yes...I was seeking snacks. That was me...I was a Snack Seeker. :)
But as of Sunday? No sir. My band feels as tight as can be. Typically after a fill I am very...how should I put this....aware of my band. I can feel it in there. I've been feeling like that since Sunday night. Now...don't get me wrong. I can still eat normally, but I have to do everything exactly right...small bites, chewing carefully. All the things we know to do.
So...yesterday I called and cancelled the fill I had for this afternoon. I hope it was the right move. Who knows? I did reschedule for January 29th. We shall see.
Could it be the riduculously cold weather? Stress? I really am at a loss.
Hope everyone is staying warm! Thanks for reading.
Truth! I think you are smart for cancelling it and waiting. Who knows why you tightened up, but if its working right now...run with it!
It seems to be. Although we all know that could change at any moment. Ha! My hunger has been fine today. Of course it is still sooooooo cold outside. :(After writing the previous entry, I came across this article in the NY Times about “talent” and how it’s pretty much all about practice.
Not only is it about practice, but it also describes some attributes of the people who are likely to practice. Namely that, people doing what they like are more likely to practice. Obvious.
Also obvious then is the corollary which is, you’ll probably only be good at what you do if you like what you’re doing.Driving directions from Spring Grove, MN to Madelia, MN
Driving directions between Spring Grove, MN and Madelia, MN. Estimated driving time is , with an average speed of about 48 miles per hour. If you want more accurate directions from your actual position or to a certain place or street, you may search street or place names directly.
You can check and book hotels in Madelia and print the directions by clicking on the green button.Following his concerns over consumer representation in the communications sector, the Minister for Broadband, Communications and the Digital Economy, Senator Stephen Conroy, announced funding this week to assist in the proposal for the establishment of a new telecommunications consumer peak body.
"The Government wants to give consumers a more powerful and effective voice in the development of telecommunications policy," Senator Conroy said.
"To demonstrate our commitment to strengthening the consumer voice I have provided a grant of $87,000 to the Consumers' Telecommunications Network (CTN) on behalf of the working group of consumer representation bodies."
The CTN is a national coalition of consumer and community organisations and individuals that represent community interests in the national policy area on telecommunications issues.
CTN's executive director, Teresa Corbin, said that Senator Conroy made it clear at the ATUG Consumer Representation Stakeholder forum on 1 May 2008 that he was concerned about problems in the communications industry relating to the ability of consumers to have their voices heard.
"Ultimately what we've found, and the government now agrees with us, is that consumer voice has ended up being fragmented. You've had less collective advocacy, less unified positions and less ability to get out and inform consumers about what is going on," Corbin said.
Since the ATUG forum Corbin said the working group of various telecommunications consumer groups had been setup, and the principal agreement among them was that a new peak consumer body should be formed.
CTN will co-ordinate the forming of the entity, using the $87,000 grant to develop a constitution, objectives and purposes for the new peak body, as well as building a brand, logo and Web site.
"CTN will act as the co-ordinating body to ensure the smooth transition to the new strengthened body," Senator Conroy said.
"There are many practical considerations to setting up a new body such as this. Some are particularly difficult for not-for-profit organisations such as those charged with this task."
Corbin said at this stage CTN is looking at a number of telecommunications representation groups to form the new peak body. These include CTN, Tedicore - a telecommunications disability representation group, and the small business representation group SETEL.
"We're looking at those organisations to form the core of the new peak body," she said.
"We have to prepare a proposal for the Minister by the end of July, so that's what this funding is going towards. We have to get our consumer groups and all our constituencies to support that proposal so that it's not just something that is imposed from above but something that has really come from the community. So there's consultation in all directions."
Corbin said CTN will discover whether Conroy supports the proposal over the next 6 weeks.
"After July we'll get some sort of idea form the Minister on whether he supports the proposal, then he'll take it forward to Cabinet, and then the hope is that we'll get some funding in the May federal budget. Then we'll actually form the new peak body before next year, but it won't be funded until 2009, that's the hope," she saidNarcissi Planted 20 Years Ago Prosper. A clump of narcissi planted on the old McNary farm at Salem 60 years ago by Senator McNary's mother, and moved only once since thattime, was in bloom yesterday in the garden of the senator's sister, Mrs. Mary E. Bruce, 3132 Southeast Twenty-eighth avenue.
Click tabs to swap between content that is broken into logical sections. that someone’s perception of any given situation shaped their reality. In that sense, the saying is true. BUT, we’ve let things get waaaaay out of hand. In this article, we’ll uncover how the notion, “Perception IS reality,” is gravely dangerous. We’ll dive in to its inherent laziness, and we’ll work to undo the damage caused by its insane overuse.
This week I had a cool opportunity to speak with our summer bridge student-athletes. I was pumped! Student-athlete development is all kinds of all up in my wheelhouse. The topic, however, had me feeling out of my comfort zone and in over my head.
“Making Tough Decisions” was to be presented to a room full of football and basketball players. How was I, the women’s golf coach, going to relate to student-athletes who play totally different sports. Team sports instead of an individual sport. Team sports with large rosters instead of a small roster. Team sports with large rosters at a time when they were exhausted from the day’s activities AND hungry.
All of that to say — I was nervous. But then something really cool happened. We used laughter as a common denominator and from all corners of the room people allowed themselves to be authentically vulnerable. TOUCHDOWN! I was grinning ear to ear.
The discussion was frank, honest, REAL, and folks were totally engaged. And even amongst all the realness that “Making Tough Decisions” in college might provoke (yes, they went there) – those student-athletes handled themselves with a level of maturity and sincerity that made me proud.
It was a gut-check moment for me as a leader. “Perception is reality” had planted all sorts of seeds of what this session was going to look like, feel like, and therefore be like. They were SUPPOSED to be tired, not really pay attention, and generally want to be anywhere other than in a room listening to the women’s golf coach.
Seth Godin would disapprovingly tell me that, “I let myself off the hook” by being lazy enough to assume that my perceptions would BE reality. I couldn’t have been more wrong – and, this night, it slapped me across the face in the best way possible.
I learned a valuable lesson. A big ol’ hat tip to the indescribably awesome student-athletes of June Summer Bridge 2017 for being the teachers in the room that night. Ain’t it funny how things work out?
Perception is NOT reality. It’s just that – it’s your perception of a given situation or encounter. YOUR perception that is clogged with preconceived notions, stereotypes, past experiences, thoughts, beliefs, attitudes, and judgement. Perception is NOT reality. It's just that - your perception of a given situation or encounter. Click To Tweet
“Perception is Reality” is Lazy:
It’s a lazy thing to say and it’s a lazy thing to believe. It let’s you off the hook and gives you an excuse not to step in to someone’s else’s shoes. It’s lazy because it’s the EASY. WAY. OUT. It’s lazy because the majority use it as a platitude to justify our thoughts.
You know like, “Well, perception is reality,” therefore I can go on being ignorant, intolerant or self-centered. It’s harsh, I know. I’m in the thick of it too – It’s just as much for me as it is for anybody who may stop in and read this.
“Perception is Reality” is Dangerous:
It’s dangerous to use the phrase in a way that lets us off the hook. It’s dangerous because it’s toxic. When we use it to JUSTIFY in this manner it only serves to further reinforce those stereotypes, past experiences, thoughts, beliefs and judgements.
Y’all, that’s really scary! We perpetuate our own perceptions by peddling them out in to the world as reality – YIKES! We perpetuate our own perceptions by peddling them out in to the world as reality - YIKES! Click To Tweet
If we use this phrase around others it muddles their truth as well. The damage can be done exponentially. Lazy and dangerous is never a good combo. This, my good friends, is a cycle we need to work together to break.
Solutions & A Real-Life Example In Action:
In the Leading Beyond Sport Facebook group this week (wait what? You haven’t joined yet – it’s cool just click here) one member wrote, “When I get my feelings hurt [my challenge is] confronting the person who hurt them. I always tell myself maybe that person was having a bad day and didn’t mean the way it came across – or that maybe I took it the wrong way. Dealing with hurt feelings….that’s a process.”
I admire her for being candid enough to share this, and I really super duper admire that she acknowledges, “maybe that person was having a bad day and didn’t mean it the way it came across – or maybe I took it the wrong way.” That, in and of itself, is the solution.
To take those few extra seconds to consider the possibility that “maybe I took it the wrong way.” Said differently (hang with me… here comes the #truth) “maybe my perception is NOT the reality.” The gal that shared this is well on her way to processing those hurt feelings because she is brave enough to consider that maybe, just maybe, her feelings don’t need to be hurt by this encounter.
That maybe she can go on loving that person because nothing inherently bad has happened – that maybe she assigned hurt feelings to herself because she let her perception become her reality. The consideration she shows in those few extra seconds – That’s courageous ya’ll.
I’m privileged to know this sweet lady and call her a friend. She possesses empathy like you can’t imagine and that makes her a legit superhero in her field. I think we can all learn a lil somethin’ from her wise words that she shared with deep vulnerability and deeper beauty.
Perception is NOT reality. Reality is reality – and we don’t get to be the judge of that. Let’s work hard not to confuse the two.
Reflection:
When have you used “Perception is Reality” to let yourself off the hook by not putting yourself in somebody else’s shoes? I’d love to hear about it…..and the other thoughts and feedback you have. Let your gorgeous voice be heard in the comments below!Where can I upgrade to use DV capture?
Version 13 of Premiere Elements no longer supports DV capture.
But, if you're using a Windows computer and you have a FireWire connector, you can capture miniDV footage using a free download called WinDV. The video will load right into a Premiere Elements project.
invernessms
If your program is Premiere Elements 13 which no longer has the DV HDV Capture firewire, you can get a suggested Adobe workaround for the 13 situation.
Please refer to the following Adobe document.
ATRDescription
Semi-permanent colour to boost your look
Conditioning as they colour, Fudge Colour Cocktails give you the best of both worlds. You can boost your look with a shot of semi-permanent colour whilst nourishing your locks to ensure that your hair is the best that it can be.
Choose from five different shades to match your colour - Blonde, Brunette, Red, Copper and Mahogany. Alternatively mix shades together to create the perfect tone and a treatment programme which is tailored precisely to your look. Colour cocktails help to ensure that your hair remains vibrant and radiant for longer. Easy to use and highly effective, the cocktails are your route to longer-lasting style.
Benefits
- Semi-permanent colour
- Conditioning formula
- 5 mixable shades
- Easy to use
Directions for Use
- Apply by dabbing onto your hair
- Leave in for 10-20 minutes, depending on your desired colour intensity
- Rinse well
- Wear gloves during applicationWhere to stay in Arundel and the South Downs
Where to stay in Arundel and The South Downs
Surrounded by picturesque South Downs countryside but still just a short drive away from the stunning Sussex coastline, you’re sure to find your perfect hotel, B&B, guesthouse or other holiday accommodation in Arundel., campsites, caravan sites and hotels in Arundel and add your favourite to your itinerary planner.Greene King PLC (LON:GNK) Rating Reaffirmed
The rating of Greene King PLC (LON:GNK) shares were has restated by analysts at Goodbody. This was announced in a very recent research note on Wednesday, 2 December..65% above today’s (GBX 927.5) 660,653 shares of stock traded hands or 21.77%.86 billion GBP. The Firm is engaged in operating over 3,000 managed, tenanted, leased and franchised pubs, restaurants and hotels, and brewing ales. It has 22.81, .” Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Greene King plc (GNK).Page 1 of 1
View This category in: Canada > Quebec > Monteregie
Saint-Hyacinthe Jobs & Employment (Saint Hyacinthe)
Employment - Job Sites
Your Employment Search Network. Find thousands of great jobs and employment information for Saint-Hyacinthe. Post your resume online for free. Employers can post job openings and search our vast ...
Page 1 of 1Mrs. Hall
To meet the standards, students will read and complete 9 journal entries (1 per week, 10-15 compound or complex sentences each).
To exceed the standards, students will read an additional book or
two and/or complete 9 additional journal entries.
You may turn in paper journals to me the first day of school, or you may turn them in via Edmodo as you finish them.
Click on the 9th Literature Summer Assignment PDF for details.At the George Bush Center for Intelligence – better known as CIA headquarters – in Langley, Virginia there is a crisis of confidence. Last week, seven of its personnel returned to Dover Air Force Base in Delaware in flag-draped coffins.
They were killed in an audacious attack in which a triple agent detonated a suicide bomb as he was debriefed at a remote base in Khost, Afghanistan. The agent, an al-Qaeda operative working for the Jordan's General Intelligence Service (GID) which in turn facilitated his working for the CIA, has been identified as Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi, a Jordanian trainee doctor.
The CIA dead included the CIA base chief, a mother of three and al-Qaeda specialist who was an alumnus of the Alec Station, the CIA unit that tracked Osama bin Laden.
They perished just as the CIA was coming under political attack in Washington with the revelation that its station chief in Nigeria had been told by the worried father of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab that his son was involved with Yemeni Islamists.
A cable had been sent but it had sat in Langley without being actioned until after Abdulmutallab boarded a Detroit-bound plane with PETN sewn into his underpants.
As details of the Khost attack first emerged, a blistering 26-page report by Major General Michael Flynn, the senior military intelligence officer in Afghanistan, was released. He charged that "the US intelligence community is only marginally relevant to the overall strategy" in Afghanistan and "is unable to answer fundamental questions about the environment in which US and allied forces operate".
So what is happening at the CIA? First, we have to dispense with the myth that this is a band of James Bond characters operating independently with a vast array of ingenious gizmos and an unending supply of derring-do.
Alas, the reality is that most CIA employees are bureaucrats and since it was infiltrated by the KGB during the Cold War the rules governing counter-intelligence are so stringent they have created a culture of paranoia and navel-gazing.
CIA officers have to submit a multi-page electronic form to be signed by three levels of supervisor each time they have contact with a foreigner. Entry background checks last more than a year and many recruits fail if they have foreign relatives or have travelled to places like Cuba or Iran. All CIA officers have to take regular lie-detector tests.
The result is that the ideal CIA recruit is a Mormon – clean-living, all-American and perhaps with a language from a year proselytising abroad. Some of the most impressive and courageous citizens the US can produce are in the CIA – and those killed at Khost were of this highest calibre. But these days they are the exceptions.
After 9/11 a behemoth in the form of the Directorate of National Intelligence was created to oversee the CIA and the myriad other US spy agencies. Initiative and creative thinking are stifled; form-filing and rear-covering are rewarded.
Security has become a CIA obsession. In Iraq, its officers lived in their compound within a compound in the Green Zone and very few ever ventured outside the wire. Instead, potential sources were brought inside.
This meant they had little chance to develop contacts or experience Iraqi culture. Most CIA officers in Iraq and Afghanistan spend only a few months in country and for many their spell is just a career tick in the box. Only a handful speak Arabic, Pashto or Dari.
Ironically, in the instance of Khost the very security concerns about meeting al-Balawi outside the base led to the catastrophic decision to let him inside.
Inexperience meant that the CIA relied too heavily on the GID vouching for him so he was not frisked. And an elementary breach of tradecraft meant that at least 13 CIA personnel were bunched around him as he exploded.
In the Cold War, no more than a pair of officers would meet a source. It seems that in the clamour to use al-Balawi to get to Ayman al-Zawahiri, the Egyptian physician who is al-Qaeda's number two, basic procedures were abandoned.
The Khost attack showed that al-Qaeda was capable of mounting a sophisticated deception operation that required months of planning – across borders and among multiple adversaries of the West, judging by the newly-released video of al-Balawi with the Taliban's leader in Pakistan.
As bait, al-Balawi provided genuine intelligence, perhaps even to the extent of sacrificing al-Qaeda operatives in the process.
It was exactly the kind of operation to infiltrate the enemy that the CIA should be conducting against al-Qaeda. Unfortunately, with the Agency risk-averse, choked up with bureaucracy and demoralised, there is precious little indication that the CIA would even attempt it, let alone pull it off.Google Doc to allow users to upload videos too
Over the next few weeks Google will be rolling out the ability to upload, store and organize any type of file in Google Docs and with this change one would be able to upload and access file from any computer, said a Google blog post.
Not only uploading office documents, photos, PDF’s, spreadsheets, now you can also upload your videos as the search engine has added support for uploading videos files to your Google Docs account. After uploading the videos one can watch it with the Goggle Docs video player simply by clicking the file from the document list.
Now emailing large files will not be a problem as one can upload any file up to 250 MB. In addition, Google has increased the free storage capacity to 1 GB for files that can't be converted into any format like Google documents, spreadsheets, and presentations. For the videos Google is providing 1 GB storage with a maximum resolution of 1920x1080.
Additional storage capacity can be bought,” said the blog post.
What would be the added advantage in uploading videos in Google docs when YouTube has more features and a bigger file size limit than Google Docs? “ampercent “ a tech web site says there might be many situations when you may want your Videos uploaded through Google Docs rather than through YouTube.
For a bunch of documents, spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, photos and videos stored in hard drive, one would always require quick back up for all these files at one place without uploading them to separate online storage spaces like Windows Live Skydrive, Flickr.
The site said even Dropbox is good for backups but one does not have a Dropbox account yet and is unaware of how it works.
Moreover, when users would not want personal videos to be public and need a safe place to upload videos privately Google Doc would give more comfortable sharing setting.
At present Tens of millions people have moved to Google Docs for its 100 percent web, said another Google blog post.
According to the post, the search engine is fully aware that users still use Microsoft Office, because until recently, there weren’t many tools to help them collaborate and share with others.
,” said Shan Sinha, Group Product Manager, and Google.
Those who are still not able to move to Google Docs from Microsoft Office, for them Google earlier offered many good things.
Users of Office 2003, 2007 and 2010 can sync their office documents to the Google cloud, without ever leaving office, said the post earlier.
Also, once synced, documents are backed-up, given a unique URL, and can be accessed from anywhere (including mobile devices) at any time through Google Docs. Since the files are store’re bringing them to Microsoft Office,” said the post.
However, with the new release this year Google has ensured that users with shared folders can store, organize, and collaborate on files more easily using Google Docs. For example, if one is in a club or PTA working on large graphics files for posters or a newsletter, one can upload them to a shared folder for collaborators to view, download, and print.
Also, users can search for document files uploaded by them and will be able to view many common document file types with the Google Docs viewer.The UK division of entertainment licensing agency CPLG has been busy, picking up Peanuts and signing deals for Novel’s Horrid Henry.
Thanks to a recent agreement with United Media, CPLG is now repping Charlie Brown & Co. in the UK and will hold a licensee summit for partners in the territory on February 25. At the same event, CPLG will be looking for new licensees to expand the program that currently includes gifts and novelties, stationery and fashion and accessories ranges.
On the Horrid Henry front, CPLG sealed a deal with Asylum Entertainment, which will create a Nintendo Wii and DS-compatible video game based on the publishing and TV property. The game, set to rollout Christmas 2009, will see players sent to carry out pranks on grownups and partaking in a number of multi-player challenges. Asylum has also developed games for Peppa Pig, Scooby Doo and Teletubbies.I stumbled across a website featuring Pamela Anderson urging people to petition KFC to change their Chicken
handling. The large unnatural commercial chicken coops are worth seeing in this video.
Join Pam and hundreds of other famous celebrities such as Jenna Jameson, Paul McCartney, Al Sharpton and Lady Bunn
y in a nation-wide boycott of KFC. . . Still not moved?
Join Pam and hundreds of other famous celebrities such as Jenna Jameson, Paul McCartney, Al Sharpton and Lady Bunn
So, if you still insist on eating at KFC pleaseclick here for an important consumer alert that you should read. Click on Pam’s video and, if you
Lady Bunny says: Your participation is requested.
10 comments:
I managed to view the whole video. It's almost too much to take in in one shot.
I think we've all heard about factory farms but never witness the abuse of the animals other than undercover footage from PETA or another group.
What they do with cows and pigs is equally disgusting. Yet I manage to turn it off when I make dinner.
Mike,
Please don't ask me to boycott any food establishment! My stomach growls with just the thought of it.
Sorry, ...smitty
Once in a great while, I publish a comment with a swear in it. The deleted comment above, got through.
Other than severe defamation of charactor, swear words will be the rare reason for comment rejection.
What do we know about other commercial chicken farms?
Original or extra crispy?? Yumm!!!
I bet there is plenty that we dont know about our food sources.
Not just the handling of the animals but the chemicals they feed them/us.
i think that before you suggest a boycott of our local KFC you ought to think about all that the local owners do for the community, Mike.
and if you believe that a boycott is still in order then issue boycott orders to the local Hot Dog establishments too.
You are absolutely right. What the national suppliers do to the animals and what legal fights they may be dealing with sometimes affects the local franchise owner.
The local KFC folks have done good for the county during senior dinners, but the video explains why the sudden outcry by animal rights groups.
If only there was a positive change with the factory farm process.
Thanks Anonomous
Mike,
Thanks for acknowledging my comments about the local contributions that our KFC makes.
There are other bloggers "nearby" who would simply not post my commment or flame me for it. You are becomming a diamond in the rough, from both sides of the isle. January 25, 2010 6:00pm-7:00pm EST
6:00 pm
better. he will be better and not run full term. >> let's sit around and wait for a republican to retire. that's a great thing. let's wait for the other guys to die. wow. i really want to work for you. it's kind of sul tree to say, we're waiting our attorney. th our turn. but then again -- >> i'm going to force you guys to really make a decision here. no more softie. this is "hardball." if they don't get a health care bill through, if they blow it on health care, if they can't pass a bill with 59 senators, do they need a bill to face the public? jean? >>. >> i think they are the worst of
6:01 pm
all worlds. >> i agree. >> they don't deliver -- >> you're a straight journalist and can't take a position. but would you say, quoting smart sources, close observers would say that it makes sense for them to really do something dramatic. >> history tells you you don't want to be in the position of passing something very -- >> you're better off passing something politically. >> so here we have it. >> thank you for joining us. for more hardball, right now it's time for "the ed show."
6:02 pm
good evening, americans, and welcome to "the ed show" from new york tonight. these stories are hitting my hot button tonight. it's gut check for the democrats. show the country that you've got the guts to lead. well, they are doing the right thing. they are bringing back a former campaign manager to help them talk to the country. the white house says to draft them and turn things around in 2010. but the president needs to show fire on jobs. i think he's headed in the right direction. senator jim demint, this is a favorite one of mine tonight. kind of a short memory here. what do you mean he never wanted health care to be obama's waterloo. he wants to do away with the filibuster. i'll ask him, just how many republicans have signed on to that. plus, the supreme court sold out the country with the recent ruling on campaign contributions. i think the president, on wednesday night at the state of the union, should take a good look at these guys and say to
6:03 pm
the country, i think you made a serious mistake. senator alan grayson is going to talk to us about that tonight. the white house is getting the message. they've got a new game plan. it's all about jobs, focus on what is so important. i have to say, if we can hold it there, that they have been talking about jobs. since, let's see, what was the date, february 17th, 2009, when the president signed the stimulus package. maybe we all just need a reminder. so they brought back david pluff, obama's campaign manager. he gave his party tough love telling democrats that they can't afford to wet the bed in front of the american people. any way, he goes on to say, let's fight like hell. not because we want to preserve our status but because we
6:04 pm
sincerely believe too many every day americans will continue to lose if republicans and special interest win. president obama believes the stimulus is working. but he needs to make the american people believe it because, right now, they don't. in a new cnn research opinion poll and only stimulus funds have been spent. we have $500 billion left to go. that could fund a lot of, let's see, projects, tax incentives, and, of course, help out small business, the backbone of our economy. but the white house needs to get the stories straight that jobs
6:05 pm
created. >> our first and most urgent task was to rescue the economy. these steps created 2 million jobs so far. but more than 7 million have been lost as a consequence of this recession, which remains our unsustained response. >> wednesday night is a big speech for the president. the president needs to make sure that he draw as line between the distinction between the people that really want to move the country forward and the republican obstructionist who basically just want to sink his presidency. get your cell phones out, folks.
6:06 pm
we want to know what you think about this one tonight. tonight's survey is, has president obama and his administration done enough to help the middle class. text a for yes and b for no to 622639. we'll bring you the results later on. if the white house has a disconnect with the american people and there's a communication problem, let's bring in a gentlemen that i think communicates very well. joining me now is because i think you can hit the bull's eye here on the stimulus package and you have a jobs program going in san francisco. are we headed in the right direction? what do you think? is the stimulus package working? >> i think there are components of it that have been very successful. let me give you the most successful stimulus. that was $500 billion to a program called taniffa. program
6:07 pm
for assistance for needy families. it hasn't gotten that much attention. $5 billion sets aside employment opportunities and subsidies for private, nonprofit, and private sector jobs. we've created in the last few months 344 jobs with this specific program. nationwide only $94 million has been drawn down for the employment subsidieses. this is a program that works and this is what the administration will be talking much more about and we're hoping to get this extended beyond the deadline. >> and the american people, by the numbers that we showed, mayor n mayor new some is that the american people are not sold that this is working. almost a year ago when the president signed this, and we
6:08 pm
will make progress and be slip page along the way. he said that there was going to be tough sledding. are we just inpatient as a country and we just want it right now? >> there's no doubt that we are inpatient but there's something else at play. for those of us that love baseball, the biggest distinction between baseball and politics is that you don't get credit for politics. in reality, the stimulus program, we put out a report, for example, in december that showed $324 million that we've received just in our county and 1389 jobs created. but we did not put a component that created the jobs saved. and that's a difficult thing to explain to the american people and that's why these numbers keep changing and amending. there's something else at stake here. they don't include the program that i just mentioned.
6:09 pm
those 1600 jobs are not part of the jobs that we put on our report or include the f map job, which are the federal medicaid jobs. there is some reporting in the nomenclature that they need to clean up and if they do, it will paint a much better picture that should be painted because i think the substance is actually there. >> what should the majority party do and some of these states are taking the money and i believe your state may be guilty of doing this. taking the money and creating a budget instead of making jobs. >> we were visiting the president, the white house, all of us making the same case. it's metro areas that hold the majority of jobs in this country. in fact, 89 and it's quickly and efficiently as we can get the
6:10 pm
jobs down to the regions and the cities without going through the states to take a little bit off the top here, a little bit off of the top there, and then we're going to see a much morrow bust and efficient recovery. >> you can say with conviction that this stimulus package is working. >> i don't think this. i know this. there's a human face that is a component. they are not just stats. these people are counting on these programs to continue. >> gavin newsom, thank you for joining us. we should point out that the three republican votes and arlen spector went to the democrats. joining me now is a ranking member of the house over sight and government and reform committee. congressman, good to have you with us. you're a successful entrepreneur. you know what it's like to make a dollar and hire people.
6:11 pm
do you believe, had we not done the stimulus package, that the economy would be better off today than it would had we not passed it? >> ed, i'm going to give credit where it is due. the nearly $300 billion has been spent and it's allowed a number of people to keep their jobs, to be paid for another year. the vast majority are school teachers, federal, state, and local workers. no question. government workers have kept their jobs. the answer to your question, though, if we took the remaining $400 billion plus so far we're not doing that in the stimulus. in the stimulus, no matter where you go, what you see, we're
6:12 pm
spending money and people are keeping jobs for a time. the american people want to know what is going to get a job at a factory and some employment that will be permanent and started in their community and that's something that republicans and democrats should be working on together. congressman, let's find the middle of the road here and be fair about this. most people know how tough it is. the republicans, do you believe that they will be honest brokers from this point on? you just mentioned that there are some things that have happened that are good but don't the republicans just have to make the case? president obama, this is where you've got to go. instead of having an obstructionist attitude. do you think the republicans can be honest brokers from this point on? isn't it better to create jobs than to score cheap political points? what do you think? >> it's certainly better to create jobs. we have a fundamental difference of opinion about whether you put
6:13 pm
money out to employ people for a day. permanent being that they continue beyond where the federal dollars run out. there's a lot of democrats and a lot of them have talked to me about, when this money is gone, are we going to spend another 800 billion? how do we make them go on longer? particularly if this recession is somewhat difficult to break. so do i think that they are honest brokers? yes. what i would suggest is that as we get closer to the election, it gets harder to break through the clutter. if a president is going to start reallocating funds, come back to us for what used to be called specific requirements, someone invests in long-term new jobs, then i think whether it's new money or old money, we simply continue spending money on government jobs, that's a soft
6:14 pm
landing for government. it's not what the people listening to your show tonight would care about. >> good to have you with us tonight. i appreciate your take on this you bet. >> sooner or later we're going to have to have a conversation about whether there's any middle of the road. how can there be an ideological divide when it comes to creating a job? if you can prove that you created a job by going down this or that path, there's got to be credit to one politician or one party. coming up, the republicans turn the word no into an art form in 2009. senate health committee chairman tom harsh kin has a way to get it out from 2010 and beyond. he'll explain in a moment.
6:15 pm
[ female announcer ] crunch time, wheat thins. you and your tasty whole grain. this can only end one way. [ crunch ] wheat thins. toasted. whole grain. crunch. the crunch is calling. ( sniffing ) missing something? now at sears optical, get 2 pairs of glasses for $99.99. or take a year to pay. sears optical. don't miss a thing. ♪ ♪
6:16 pm
when it comes to protecting the things you care about... ...leave nothing to chance. travelers. insurance for auto, home, and business. diarrhea, constipation, gas, bloating. that's me! can i tell you what a difference phillips' colon health has made? it's the probiotics. the good bacteria. that gets your colon back in balance. i'm good to go! phillips' colon health.
6:17 pm.
6:18 pm
6:19 pm
welcome back to "the ed show." the president, the president, i don't think is to blame. the republicans haven't shown president obama one ounce of good faith and i don't think they will. senator jim demint made this common just yesterday. >> i did not want this to be the president's waterloo but it was certainly not a good idea. did you hear that? here is senator jim demint giving his marching orders back on july 9th. >> if we're able to stop obama on, this it will be his water z
6:20 pm
waterloo. it will break him. >> americans i don't think are going to buy this one. now that the gop has 41 votes in the senate, of course, they can filibuster. that's what governor ed rendell wants. >> remember, it's 51 votes for passage. they have to filibuster. make them filibuster. >> joining me now is senator, good to have you with us. i want to point out to our audience off the top tonight that back in 1995 when you and your party was in the minority, you and joe lieberman signatured an effort to change this filibuster. do i have that correct? >> our absolutely correct, ed. >> okay. i also want to point out this is
6:21 pm
how american has changed. in the 1960s, 8% was filibustered. you guys need to go out to lunch and figure out what is going on here. why is the claim mate like this, tom? >> well, it's simply because mr. demint and a couple of his colleagues are calling the shots on the republican side. they just want to stop everything. they want to make it impossible for us to pass anything. ed, don't take my word for it. look what happened to last september. we had a bill to extend the unemployment insurance. >> yep. >> now, they held it up for almost four weeks before we could pass it. and it passed 97-1. so why was it held up all that time, eating up time, eating up the clock so that we couldn't do anything else?
6:22 pm
everything we'd bring up on the floor now, they filibuster, requiring us to have 60 votes. i think the american people would be surprised to learn, that the american constitution, that no longer holds. now you have to have 60 votes to get anything done. >> what do you want to do, senator? you want to change the rule of the senate, right? >> absolutely, ed. what i proposed back in 1995, i proposed it back when we were in the minority. the idea is that, yes, i can have a filibuster to and then it requires more votes and then a few more days go by and you require 54 more votes and then a few day, but within the span of a week and a half or two weeks, you finally get down 51 votes
6:23 pm
and that's it. >> do you think this makes this part of the vern knack cue lar, how ever you want to word smith it, and say, look, they are standing in the way of everything. is that a fair statement? they are standing in the way of everything. they are stalling everything. they don't want to see president obama get any kind of legislative achievement whatsoever. >> i think that's fair. look at the record. look at what you pointed out last year. the number of times that we had to file closure, that is so stop debate on i think -- if i'm not mistaken, over 107 items last year, 139, perhaps. you may have the figure on that, ed, on just innocuous pieces of legislation, motions to proceed a bill that now we require 60 votes. before it was always just 51 votes. >> will you get any republicans
6:24 pm
on board to help you with this? >> i don't know, ed. i'm going to start talking to them about it. they may be in the minority now and we may be in the minority in the future. i was actually going after my own party at the time. but i felt then and i felt now very strongly that this filibuster has gotten out of hand and it's really ruining our democracy in this country. >> if the american people think -- and there are some out there who believe that our system is headed towards the broken road, so to speak. that washington is dysfunctional. do you think that this would be a serious tool that could be used to bring some things back to normalcy? >> i really do. again, i think there is a role for minority. the minority does need protections for the rule of the minority. there's a lot of ways to do that. from the committee procedures, through presidential vetoes, over rides, all kinds of vetoes.
6:25 pm
i'm not trying to take everything away. i'm just saying, let's make it so that you can have a filibuster but after a certain period of time you only need 51 votes, not just to pass a bill but to bring it to a vote. >> and how confident are you tonight that from right now until the election, the midterms, that the republicans will work with the president on anything? on a scale of 0-100, where are you on that? >> well, already the republicans have indicated to our leader that they are going to object to motions to proceed on various pieces of legislation. i've got a bill that the house passed overwhelmingly. it's a food safety bill, ed. to modernize the american people. and yet we can't bring it up. i'll guarantee once we bring it up and it comes down for a vote, it will passover well
6:26 pm
passoverpel meegly. >> when it comes to politician, the love gov is just the tip of the iceberg. wait until you hear what they have to say about hungry children. that lands us in the psycho talk. stay with us. in just 45 minutes a week at a weight watchers meeting you can get the life skills that put you in charge of your world and hungry and the online tools to help you face any situation.
6:27 pm
which means 'darn right you can go to the dinner party' and still loose weight. and learn how to keep it off. join for free now. sorry hungry, you're not invited. but you are, join for free today and change your life. weight watchers. stop dieting. start living. ♪ spread a little somethin' to remember ♪ ♪ spread a little joy and see ♪ need a little happiness to be ♪ ♪ living the life with me
6:28 pm
6:29 pm
and in psycho talk tonight,
6:30 pm
andre bow we are but maybe they actually made the right decision in keeping sanford right in place. andre came up with this analogy about families in the free or reduced price school programs. >> my grandmother told me as a small child because they breed. you're facilitating the problem. if you give an animal food supply, they will reproduce. so you've got to curtail that type of behavior.
6:31 pm
>> wow. it looks like the effect of the recession has really had on south carolina is pretty severe. the state's jobless rate is at 12.6%. 58% of the students get free or reduced-price lunch. starving the kids will not create jobs. the lawsuit ten nabt governor is completely out of touch saying that the government should treat the citizens like animals. it's derogatory psycho talk. coming up, a growing number of elected officials who want to put former bush funny man ben bernanke in the unemployment land. he'll explain what the next move should be. plus, i want the president to look -- take a good look at them during the state of the union speech and explain to them how all of the decision was about campaign finance reform. i think congressman allen
6:32 pm
grayson will continue with us. stay with us. you're watching "the ed show" on msnbc. [ male announcer ] before you ever love it, the nissan altima goes through over 5,000 tests. no wonder it's ranked highest in initial quality by j.d. power and associates. it's quality you can love. lease an altima for $189 a month or get $1,500 cash back. offers end february 1st. ♪ offers end february 1st. if you.
6:33 pm
my congestion is so bad right now i really am looking forward to getting relief. i've never used afrin before. relief! oh, it's like night and day. can i keep this? (announcer) afrin. why suffer? ( kids giggling ) ♪ you have multiple cars... and multiple toys... with multiple places to go. so be smart. simplify. combine and save. get all your insurance from one allstate agent, and you can get multiple discounts... on your multiple policies. simpler is smarter. that's allstate's stand. are you in good hands? diarrhea, constipation, gas, bloating. that's me! can i tell you what a difference phillips' colon health has made? it's the probiotics. the good bacteria. that gets your colon back in balance. i'm good to go! phillips' colon health.
6:34 pm
6:35 pm
welcome back to "the ed show." thanks for watching tonight. the white house wants ben bernanke reconfirmed. so does banking committee chairman chris dodd. they don't want to change horses in an economic recovery. today john mccain says that he will vote against the fed chair, ben bernanke. i don't like the threats that the supporters are making. if bernanke doesn't get reconfirmed, what is that all about? that's the same argument that wall street makes when they say that americans have to pay their bonuses. any time we try to hold these masters of the universe accountable, we're told that it could just rip apart the
6:36 pm
economy. why not give it to him? >> been bernanke is to protect the safety and of the financial institutions. you know what? he failed and failed badly the of the evidence is very clear. when bernanke became chairman of the fed, he said, i want to follow in the footsteps of alan greenspan. many people in this country voted for president obama because they wanted change. maintaining the philosophy of alan greenspan is not change. that's the whole deregulatory philosophy which got us to where we are right now. >> okay. mr. bernanke hasn't played any
6:37 pm
role in this market recovery that we've seen when the president last march it was 3500, 4,000 points less than what it is right now. that's people's retirements and 401(k)s and positive things the. hasn't he played a positive role in that? >> he was asleep at the switch. further more, as part of the recovery, he lent out trillions of dollars at zero interest to large financial institutions. do you know which financial institutions received that money and what the terms were? you don't know. i don't know because mr. bernanke is not giving us the transparency that we need. further more, further more, the
6:38 pm
fed today has the power the fed today has the power to demand. >> okay, senator. so what you just explained here doesn't sound good at all to the middle class in this country. so how can president obama -- and i'm asking you, how did president obama strike a pop louse tone and then support a guy like bernanke if it is exactly what you say it is. >> that's exactly the problem. on monday and tuesday the supporters are saying, we've got to take on wall street. it doesn't pass the smell test. >> is this a big pr problem for the white house if bernanke didn't get reconfirmed? >> i think what it says to the progressive committee and to
6:39 pm
ordinary americans, i'm a supporter of obama. i want him to succeed. why are you going back to bush? this was not only a bush appointee. this was a member of bush's economic advisory council, the chairman of that. why are we appointing. any time you bring about money, the big companies don't want it. and don't tell me there's no economist out there who is capable of running the fed but on behalf of the middle class and working class of this country rather than the big money on wall street. i just don't believe it. >> senator sanders, appreciate your time tonight.
6:40 pm
thank you. >> thank you. >> for me, let me bring in pete mcmahon so he can describe what kind of problem this might be for the middle class. how can he strike a populous tone snl and then the second part of the journey is what happened after that. i think what the obama administration is doing is taking both parts the folks out there who don't understand what this is all about, would recommend that they read the man of the year. it's a pretty remarkable for story. he was an economics professor at
6:41 pm
princeton. he was an economist who happened to know more about the great depression and the causes of the great depression that anybody perhaps in america. and did all kinds of things that it didn't do during the depression in the late 19 20zs and early 1930s that it should have done and he brought us back from the brink of collapse. ben bernanke was not barack obama's first choice for federal reserve chairman. he made the choice because of the job that ben bernanke had been doing to bring us out of the recession and to keep us from going into another great depression. i'm sure the president would have preferred to change a course and go in a different direction but he decided, wisely in my judgment, to go with a person that is getting us out.
6:42 pm
>> so what do you say to the progressive democrats out there that don't want to give bernanke any credit for any kind of recovery? and then, of course, turned and stuck it to the american middle class when it came to credit card rates. how does the president balance that and then go out on the campaign trail and say, hey, i'm fighting for you? >> that's vel difficult, ed. let's look at the facts for a minute. senator sanders who's a smart, thoughtful progressive and is right about many sthings simply ignoring that the senate of the united states has the ability to bring in the stakes. and on gres, which is elected to do this s. disingenuous. it's the banks charging those rates and it's not ben bernanke and i would go back to the congress of the united states.
6:43 pm
why hasn't congress blamed ben bernanke that something that he doesn't have the power to do. i mean, they are on a tight rope here. they are on a tight rope with the american people. >> they are on a tight rope and have not explained their situations clearly. it's a tight rope that they have put themselves on. you a is it and studying the
6:44 pm
things that went wrong, he's the right person to have there right now and recognize that he wasn't the person that barack obama wanted. he was the person that barack obama could find to do the best job. >> this is the perfect title for the subject that we're talking about. michael, do you go with ben bernanke? what do you think? >> yeah, sure. this is one where i support president obama and i do. because the one thing that the economy requires most of all right now is a little bit of certainty about the road ahead pits spooked investors and you saw that in the marketplace before today. and at least ben bernanke -- sure it will come back eventually but it will come back when people are able to count on
6:45 pm
what to expect from their government. ben bernanke gives a certain amount of stability and consistency to those types of situations. >> mr. bernanke is not in favor of? what do you think? >> there's no question that he did help stave off another great depression. he does deserve credit for that. frankly, if he tried to nominate somebody else, given how they are behaving right now, you wouldn't get the truth for months and months to come. so what he needs to embrace is what president obama has put forth which is the big bank fee which will require prudence to not get into the big speculative spending that caused this
6:46 pm
economic collapse that will help save them serves from themselves during the banking down turn and it's good policy and politics do you believe that the fed chair plays a vital role in rebuilding the american middle class and the availability of money to small businesses and rebuilding the structure and strength of small businesses in american? because, you know, we've heard compliments tonight of mr. bernanke. where is small business? they can't get their mitts on it. >> so he does share a responsibility. >> he does. what small business people are saying and i hear this all the
6:47 pm
time part of the problem about the huge debate about health care -- >> we're talking about the financial structure right now. >> yeah. but health care impacts the financial structure. it really does. >> at the end of the day, it's about the banks recognizing that their hides were saved by the american taxpayer and they are going to step up and stop doing lending to get things moving again. >> correct me if i'm wrong, mr. bernanke is still em bratsing the small policies that took us down the road in the ditch where there was a lot of abuse, correct? >> i. >> gentlemen, good to have you with us tonight. say it quickly, mike. >> i disagree. i'm all for repaying the banks
6:48 pm
that actually got the money. but to punish the folks that never got to money is wrong. >> thank you so much. details of tiger's worst thanksgiving ever. why text messaging and sleeping pills just don't mix.
6:49 pm
it's not too late to let us know what you think tonight. has the obama administration done enough to help the middle class? text a for yes and b for no. results are coming up.:50 pm
transform drinks you want, into cold medicine you need. introducing fast crystal packs. a new way from alka-seltzer plus to... get cold and flu relief in a taste-free, fizz-free powder. alka-seltzer plus. get wrapped up in the luscious taste of butternut squash, blended with delicate herbs. v8 golden butternut squash. from campbell's. a soup so velvety and delicious you won't be able to contain yourself.
6:51 pm
campbell's v8 soups. new details about the events that led to tiger woods ramming his suv into a tree on thanksgiving night. it turns out tiger's wife elin confirmed that he was cheating
6:52 pm
on her. let me bring in peter. peter, what happened that night, the night that golf changed for at least 2010. >> that's right. this should go in the what not to do play book when the whole mess exploded when he hit that fire hydrant aware that the national enquirer was about to report his affair with rachel. he went up to his wife and said to her, you know what, this isn't true. i want to you speak to this alleged mistresses on the phone. he put his wife on the phone with rachel and they spoke for up to half an hour. and then elin was satisfied that there was nothing romantically going on between the two. but then the next day, she learned new details about the
6:53 pm
relationship when national enquirer was about to report. according to the report he popped an ambien pill, went to bed in the bedroom when she picked up his cell phone that he left behind she wrote, you are the only one that i've loved to uchitel and she texted essentially, i'm here. when doi get to see you next. and it turns out it was elin herself. so, ed, get this. rachel then received a phone call from elin woods, elin called the mistress and said, i knew it was you. she, elin, woke up tiger and chased him outside, with this golf club. it's unclear whether or not that was used to knock in the windows of the suv.
6:54 pm
>> and the vikings did not win yesterday. i have one question they can spot the ball and alan grayson is with me on this one. [ male announcer ] introducing the all-new lexus gx. ♪ it has the agility to avoid the unexpected... ♪ ...the power to take on any mission,
6:55 pm
and the space to accommodate precious cargo, because every great action hero needs a vehicle. ♪ oh, just come snuggle with momma! missing something? now at sears optical, get 2 pairs of glasses for $99.99. or take a year to pay. sears optical. don't miss a thing.
6:56 pm
only alka-seltzer relieves your upset stomach, heartburn, indigestion and headache... so you're good to go in the morning. you're late. alka-seltzer brings you back. when it comes to italian sauce, some people prefer this jar. but more people prefer this sauce. winner of the blind taste test. the sweet and savory taste of prego. it's in there.
6:57 pm
6:58 pm
last year the supreme court removed campaign spending limits giving corporations even more political power. president obama voices obstruction to the ruling in his weekly address this saturday. in a powerful blow to our efforts to rein in powerful influence. i can't think of anything more devastating to the public interest. the last thing we need to do is have more influence or more power to the special interests to tip the outcome of the
6:59 pm
elections. >> congressman, do you agree with the president and what should the majority party do about this? >> well, they should pass my bills. i was there the day the supreme court decided this. we are on it. 85,000 people have asked it to happen, by going to the website, savedemocracy.net. that's to pass the bill and stop the tragedy from going on, of selling america to the highest bidder. >> i agree with you, congressman. do you actually believe that this will ruin democracy, that there is no way for the work in america to push back on those that would be donating that would influence the decision of corporations in washington? >> it's not even close. look, look at 2008.
left
right
TV News
Archive
FILTER BY
Search only quotes
Search only political ads
DATE RANGE
from:
to:
SORT BY
Relevance
Date - Most Recent
Date - Oldest
favorite
tv
The Ed Show
MSNBC January 25, 2010 6:00pm-7:00pm EST
News/Business. New.
TOPIC FREQUENCY
Ben Bernanke
10
,
Mr. Bernanke
5
,
Sears Optical
4
,
Jim Demint
3
,
Campbell
3
,
Rachel
3
,
Waterloo
3
,
Barack Obama
3
,
Diarrhea
2
,
Constipation
2
,
Washington
2
,
Obama Administration
2
,
Legalzoom
2
,
Elin
2
,
Bernanke
2
,
Gas
2
,
Allstate
2
,
Sanders
2
,
Alan Greenspan
2
,
Alan Grayson
2
Network
MSNBC
Duration
01:00:00
Video Codec
mpeg2video
Audio Cocec
ac3
Pixel width
704
Pixel height
480
Sponsor
Internet Archive
Audio/Visual
sound, color
94
Views
disc
Borrow a DVD of this show
info
Stream Only
IN COLLECTIONS
MSNBC
Television Archive
Television Archive News Search Service
The Chin Grimes TV News Archive
Uploaded by
TV Archive
on
May 22, 2011Shopping for low cost homeowners insurance in Eagle Gro Gro Grove, IA home insurance quotes use our simple comparison tool and you will be ahead of most regular consumers who do not do their own comparison or rely on an agent to do it for them.
More Homeowners Insurance Tips for Eagle Grove, Iowa
A good deal of states mandate that you have to have some kind of property owners insurance coverage. That qualified prospects some people to get a weak plan just to abide the legislation rather than obtaining a strong plan to defend their household and property. Don't brief-alter your self right here check out these ideas on finding a excellent insurance coverage.
Lower your homeowner's insurance coverage by looking for insurance coverage businesses that provide discounts to buyers who have a number of insurance policies. Numerous insurance coverage companies offer reductions of up to 10 per cent or a lot more, so be sure to store about until you discover the ideal deal. This can allow you to preserve on two or more different coverage rates.
Numerous homeowners want to reduce their once-a-year premiums. 1 way to decrease premiums is to increase your deductible. Your premiums will be diminished if you increase your deductible. Just be certain you have ample money on hand to get care of scaled-down repairs that you will now have to pay for.
To save cash on your homeowners insurance, you must shell out off the home loan as quickly as feasible. Most organizations will think about you a more compact threat when there is no financial debt in opposition to a house and you will get greater treatment of the property. Appear into how a lot quicker you can pay out the financial loan off, by refinancing at 15 many years alternatively of 30.
When you get a house, don't forget flood insurance policies. A lot of house insurance coverage policies do not go over floods, and flooding can arise in the most surprising places. A flooded property and the resulting damage can be traumatic, so make sure your insurance policies prepare contains protection for floods to protect you from an event.
When you are looking into homeowners insurance policy there are factors that you can do to help with the costs of your premium. One particular of the things that you can select to do is to make your deductible increased. It will reduce your high quality but you need to hold in thoughts that more compact things such as a broken window could have to be compensated out of pocket by you.
When buying insurance policy for your real estate you ought to speak to a number of agents ahead of creating the selection. Most agents can give a low cost for multiple insurance policies becoming composed for one particular customer so the thought that they may possibly get all your business would have some becoming a lot more competitive on the charge.
Remain vigilant over the expense of your home insurance rates by doing an once-a-year verify of your policy statements, and seek estimates from other businesses to make certain you are paying the lowest costs. Your insurance coverage isn't going to often instantly reflect adjustments that can reduced your charges, so you want to make confident any discount rates for incorporating alarms, sprinkler programs or eliminating a swimming pool are utilized. Remaining vigilant is the greatest way to help save income!
Install a protection program in your home that is monitored by a central checking station, and you will conserve about five p.c on your property insurance policy. You will likely have to supply proof to your residence insurance coverage firm to get the discount, but that is as effortless as sending them a duplicate of your monitoring monthly bill.
Several men and women are surprised that when they shell out off their mortgage loan, their house insurance policies charges drop. There is a extraordinary drop in the cost of house insurance when you personal your residence outright. This is very likely because of to the fact that insurers consider that if you possess it, you are most likely to get far better care of it.
To get a price cut on your home owner's insurance policies, get other varieties of insurance by means of the exact same business. Most organizations offer you multiple coverage discount rates to anyone has a number of insurance policy contracts by way of them. Prior to you select your coverage, you need to check other insurance coverage organizations and see if any of them supply other varieties of insurance you might need.
Choosing the appropriate amount of property proprietor protection, calls for heaps of thought. Keep in mind that the policy's goal is not to spend off your mortgage loan in scenario of a catastrophe, but to pay out for fixing the damages. Decide on an volume that comfortably covers the comprehensive rebuilding of your home, without having you obtaining to include as well much from your income reserve.
If you are searching for a new homeowner's insurance coverage coverage, you should search for person friendly companies. You will want to deal with a organization that is able to easily method any statements you may possibly have. Check out out evaluations from existing, as properly as previous, buyers of the insurance companies you are considering for some impartial suggestions.
It really is not challenging at all to discover the greatest possible discounts on insurance policy. You only have to know where to seem and how to search. These suggestions will support you on your quest to find a reliable defense bundle for your residence, that isn't going to value a lot of cash. Use this details to preserve massive on your month to month premiums.Alstom Grid has been chosen by Snohomish County Public Utility District (Snohomish PUD) in Washington state to help enhance grid efficiency and reliability. Integration of Alstom’s e-terradistribution (for Distribution Management System – DMS) with its existing SCADA and Energy Management System, also provided by Alstom, will be the utility’s first step in a full-scale deployment of smart distribution automation technologies and integration of green energy sources into the U.S. grid.
Snohomish PUD is a leader in research and development for integration of clean energy resources. The second largest publicly owned utility in Washington state and 12th in the United States, Snohomish PUD provides electricity to more than 320,000 customers in the Pacific Northwest. Snohomish PUD is one of the recipients of a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA). It has used it toward a major smart grid technology upgrade, to create a stronger, more efficient and reliable electrical system. Alstom’s e-terradistribution solution will help to provide improved customer satisfaction through enhanced fault location, isolation and service restoration, while also enabling the adoption of green energy sources, community energy storage and plug-in electric vehicles.
The first phase of this project is scheduled to be operational in 2012.We got a qualifying score of 94 and 4th place. We would have had 3 additional points if Dazzle hadn't "yelled" at me at the start. He was SO ready to get going! After the first sign, he settled into working mode and did well. We still would have gotten 4th because there was a 100 and two 99's :-)
Just one more Q needed for the Rally Excellent title. I'm entered tomorrow and Sunday, but they are predicting a snow storm tomorrow. So if roads are bad, I might skip tomorrow and just go Sunday. Have to wait and see what it looks like in the morning.What people are saying - Write a review
Great book with great information
This book is a tour de force. Even reading it in 2012 it has so much to offer. Prof. Flink writes with great clarity and style. He manages to synthesize a massive amount of information into a coherent narrative that sheds light on almost every aspect of the American experience. I have read many books on the impact of the automobile on the United States and a number of books on the history of transportation in the US. The Automobile Age belongs at the top of the reading list for anyone desiring a comprehensive overview of those topics. I only wish there were an updated version. Published in 1988, some of the material toward the end of the book is jarring when viewed with 30+ years of perspective (i.e. "80% of employyes at the new Saturn car company re guaranteed lifetime employement"). Highly recommended.site Making display advertising simple, relevant, rewarding for agencies and advertisers.
we turn passions into careers. become a federated publisher » ... 2011 Federated Media Publishing. All rights reserved. Contact Us · Blog · Privacy Policy · RSS ...
1
AdForm is leading in Top 10K Sites, Top 100K Sites, Top 1M Sites and The Entire Web.
2
Despite its recent growth, Federated Media is still behind AdForm in all market share segments.
1
AdForm has better usage coverage in more websites categories. Including Business & Industry, Internet & Telecom, People & Society, Arts & Entertainment and 207 other categories.
2
Federated Media is leading in Cooking & Recipes, Animation & Comics, Running, Home Improvement and 7 other categories.
1
AdForm is leading in most countries, including Czech Republic, Poland, Slovakia, Italy and 130 other countries.
2
Federated Media is leading in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Iraq, Isle of Man and one other country.The. The park service, which nominated the site, cited the important role it played in the mid-1940s “in the annals of postwar American school desegregation efforts and the civil rights history of Mexican and Mexican American people in the Southwest.’’ The park service cited the Mendez vs. Westminster School District case of 1947 that led to the end of segregation in California schools — eight years before the Supreme Court’s landmark decision in Brown vs. Board of Education. (A recent Los Angeles Times story also noted that Clark Gable and Charlie Chaplin faced paternity suit trials there.) Salazar said that each of the landmarks “represents a thread in the great tapestry that tells the story of our beautiful land, our diverse culture and our
nation’s rich heritage.’’ National historic landmarks are “nationally significant historic places’’ designated by the interior secretary “because they possess exceptional value or quality in illustrating or interpreting the heritage of the United States,’’ according to the park service. Currently, there are 2,527 national historic landmarks. Other new landmarks include: Adm. David Farragut burial site: The park service said the New York City grave site is the “only known property directly associated with the officer who is universally recognized as one of the most accomplished officers in American naval history.’’ Farragut is known to many for his famous cry during a Civil War battle, “Damn the torpedoes! Full speed ahead!” The park service said the designation also would recognize the contributions of Latinos to the nation’s history, noting Farragut was the son of an immigrant from Spain. Black Jack Battlefield: The site in Douglas County, Kan., was the setting for what the park service called “the nation’s first true open military conflict over the issue of slavery, fought between opposing pro- and antislavery militias.” The three-hour battle, fought on June 2, 1856, “marked a culmination of escalating violence in ‘Bleeding Kansas’ and the beginning of John Brown’s war on slavery,” the park service said. Humpback Bridge, Va.: Built in 1857, the bridge in Alleghany County was described by the park service as “among the most historically significant and intact examples of a 19th century covered bridge surviving in the United States.” Poston Elementary School, Unit 1, Colorado River Relocation Center: The school in Parker, Ariz., was part of “the second of 10 relocation centers established for the confinement of Japanese Americans during World War II,’’ according to the park service. It is the only relocation center that retains an above-ground complex of elementary school buildings. Camp Evans, N.J.: This Army Signal Corps facility in Wall Township was “one of the principal U.S. sites associated with the development of radar.” Dr. Bob’s Home: The Dr. Robert and Anne Smith House in Akron, Ohio, is associated with Robert Holbrook Smith (Dr. Bob) who, along with William Griffith (Bill W.), cofounded Alcoholics Anonymous. San Francisco Courthouse: The James R. Browning U.S. Court of Appeals in San Francisco, built as the U.S. Courthouse and Post Office at the turn of the 20th century, was described by the park service as a “nationally significant as a superlative Beaux-Arts public building.’’ Cesar Chavez’s California retreat in Keene, which was recently declared a national monument by President Obama, also was designated a landmark. A full list of the new landmarks is available at the Department of the Interior site. Source @"Pow!" the sound effects shouted. "Pow!" another 'bullet' sounds as Mommy, Daddy, Z, and I practice our shooting. The contest for best score at shooting targets in the shooting gallery at the Big Texan would start any minute. (Yes, we went back to the Big Texan again this year on our way through Amarillo, Texas. We couldn't resist!) We had arranged that the girls would go head-to-head and the boys would go head-to-head. Then, for the final round, the girls' winner would go head-to-head with the boys' winner. This idea was created during lunch over a meal of steak, grilled cheese, and chicken fingers.
But since we hadn't practiced our shooting for a year (the last time we were at the Big Texan), we had a couple practice turns to try out our aim. Then the practice turns were over and the showdown began!
First the boys went. Since we all decided that the pistols were easier to handle than the rifles we were all on equal ground. The start buttons were pushed and the boys began firing. 100, 200, 300, 400, it was neck and neck. Finally they both finished all 15 of their shots as Daddy pulled ahead with 1200 while Z was left with 1100. Daddy had won round one but it was left to the girls to decide who he would be up against.
Now, for some strange reason, when up against pressure, I seem to have awful aim when it comes to shooting. This differs from when I am not against pressure when I get close to perfect scores. So as our start buttons were pushed I was an amateur compared to Mommy's diligent and almost perfect aim. With a score of only 600 to show for it I lost to Mommy's 900. She got to move to the next round and face Daddy for a winner's prize (something from the gift shop!).
Z and I pushed the start buttons and the final round began. We shouted their scores as each bullet hit the target. Daddy finished quickly with a score of 1100. It was up to Mommy to decide the winner. She had three shots left when she missed one. Mommy had to make one of the next two shots to win. She made both of them and won the shoot off with the score 1300. We were all excited about Mommy's win and we headed over to the gift shop to get her a prize. The bulky Big Texan key chain, which now hangs on her key ring, shows that Mommy is the Big Texan shoot off champion!
~JulieHello
I'm Rodrigo Tello. I'm a digital and analog designer, illustrator, artist, musician, developer, architect, occasional writer and maker.
I'm a designer at Hopscotch, where we make visual programming languages for kids to explore the powerful ideas of computing. In the past, I've worked as a (failed) startup founder, back-end (Ruby on Rails, Git/GitHub, Heroku, SublimeText, Linux terminal) and front-end (HTML/CSS) developer, and my own startups and client projects.
I use Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign, Sketch, architectural softwares like Autocad, Revit, and Sketchup. And for the record, I’m also very good at drawing and illustrating, both analog and digital. I'm not an animator, but I'm really good at making GIFs. I also know how to manipulate sounds using Sony Acid Pro and Sony Soundforge.
I organize teams, make products and hack processes.
I believe design is a tool to shape our tools. With tools, we shape our world.
I believe technology is a canvas for human growth.
Current
INDEFINITE HIATUS
Past
Life
I live in NYC.
I was born in Cd. Victoria, Tamaulipas, Mexico, on October 23, 1987.
I barely sleep.
To download my Resume/CV, click here.Easy-going beach vacations are wonderful. They can also get very expensive! One great way to have an adventure without emptying your bank account is car camping.
What is car camping? To put it simply, it’s the kind of camping where you drive to your campsite as opposed to hiking.
This certainly doesn’t mean that you can’t hike. It’s just that car camping is typically less strenuous than backcountry camping. This makes it a lot easier when you are traveling with your spouse and children.
The benefits of car camping to a traditional vacation are numerous!
- A campsite is way cheaper than a hotel
- Food is cheaper (bring/cook your own food)
- More family-friendly (more things for kids to do)
- LOTS of activities, like hiking, hunting, building fire, wildlife-watching, swimming, fishing, and boating (if you stay near a lake)
- Opportunities to teach children about environment and respect for nature
- Meet new people at campsite
There is an endless amount of wonderful parks, both state and national, in the US. Each one offers its own features. Some are better than others for car camping so do your research!Yana Witch
€5.99 / minute
Yana
Welcome! My specials: - Love - relationship - Career - Health - Family - Money worries problems - Karmic - Job and money - General readings More: - Course analysisand remove - Chakras cleaning - Angels blessings sending - Health energy sending
10 min. fast & accurate reading after your pay.
Would you like know what is him/her feelings&think about you?I can see
Location
Budapest
Description
Welcome! My specials: - Love - relationship - Career - Health - Family - Money worries problems - Karmic - Job and money - General readings More: - Course analysisand remove - Chakras cleaning - Angels blessings sending - Health energy sending
Experience
......
Degrees & Qualifications
.....
Languages
English, Hungarian - Magyar
michellenharry
Thank you so much n very straight to point!! Much love
michellenharry
Thank you very much for this it was greatly appreciated
sham
I started this chat seeking some assistance and was greeted nicely and asked how could she help. I told her what I was seeking she sent the charge and then sat there for about 5 mins until I said something. Then asked me about some analysis, didn't make sense to me when I asked what was that she said the course. Again not understanding I felt like this was not going to work and asked for a refund. She then goes off about it being 8 mins and wasting time. Which I did not. I ended the chat still asking for my money. Then she emails me exaggerating time. Stretching it out arguing instead of just giving my money back or refusing to do so. In the middle of it blaming me for contacting her when I initially wanted a reading and realize I did not after she sat there for 5 mins and said nothing then asked what I wanted again after I said so in the beginning of the chat which tells me she didn't pay attention or connect. I am highly disappointed. She did not give me any service at all and just took my money.
beautynbn
Vague
Advisor's reply
Pls. don't ask reading for me no more! My readings is accurate!
anonymous
excellent!
neighshadow
brilliant! great read, very in-tune, accuracy and fast. Bless xx
Advisor's reply
Thank you very much Dear! Blessing
anonymous
Great and insightful!
anonymous
Waste of money and was all about money rather then giving a proper 10 minute reading then ended the chat sorry to give you a bad review but people work hard for their money and when they pay for a reading they should get the proper value back! Nothing towards you but if you want to have better reviews and more clients help your clients out and all pshyics have 3 minutes introduction just so you know
Advisor's reply
Sorry, but 10 MINUTES IS NOT 20 MINUTES!!!!! It's very chep!
anonymous
Nice
anonymous
Lier.... stupid... first learn english n some psychic abilities... then come to this site.... fake .. give stories
Advisor's reply
My advice for you: Delete your bad feedback bedise 24 hours! It's just my advice.
lifeisgood16
Very intuitive.
anonymous
Very accurate and very nice to talk to, will be back :) :) thank you so much for your help <3
ebbee
She was kind sincere and gave good info :)))
Advisor's reply
Thank you Dear! I belive in you and you'll build a good career.... and more. :)
anonymous
I really enjoyed her reading
Advisor's reply
Thank you! Goddess bles :)
tammers
Connected very well and is in absolute sweetheart to talk to
Advisor's reply
Thank you Dear! Hugs <3
tannyt
thank you for your insight
tonypetersamuel
touching
kenya2
hard to understand her english. didnt get any answers i asked. i asked for refund, and she threatned me with spell. horrible!
annanana9
Extremely confusing, couldn't understand anything she was saying probably cuz of a language barrier. I asked for a refund three times and she ignored me
Advisor's reply
When did you ask the money?! Over my asnver for your questions!!!!! Don't ask if you afrai
sarajka
Very good honest thank you
Advisor's reply
Thanks Dear! Don't give up. You'll real happy with him soon just hold on! Merry Xmas! xoxoLabelling barriers
Unfortunately it is human nature to group similar characteristics and appearances together in
order to make sense of the world. The inhumane actions of ISIS have undoubtedly invigorated
anti-Muslim hatred around the world. The Muslim community had to battle accusations,
threats and ridicule ever since the events of 911. Just now when it seems that the Muslim
community is slowly emerging out of that negative image, it is anointed again with the veil of
evil and bloodshed. People around the world are losing trust and being more cautious around
Muslims, this sort of behaviour from the international community will lead to further alienation
of the Muslim people leading them to believe that if they can’t integrate with the rest of the
world, if the world is not ready to accept them as law abiding ordinary citizens, then they will
think that they have no other option than to join extremist groups which are the only people
that would accept them.
When a mosque that had been built in the 1950s in Queensland Mareeba in Australia is
vandalized by the world ‘evil’, how do people expect the Muslim community to react? When
these Muslims are met with ignorance and conflict instead of understanding and cooperation it
is no surprise that the Muslims would try to distance themselves from non-Muslims and feel
more comfortable surrounding themselves with those who are going through the same
experience as them.
I would be willing to bet that this act of graphite on a place of worship was done by a young
man in his mid-twenties or less who thought he was protecting his community by branding the
Muslims as what he thinks is evil. And who can blame him? When all the media talks about is
ISIS and their beheadings and other atrocious acts and subtitles the beheadings as “’Muslim’
extremists” then I see no reason why a kid living in literally the other side of the world wouldn’t
think that the Muslims living next door are the same as the “Muslims” that are on TV. After all
they have the same names, religion, dress and even look the same at times by growing a beard
for men and wearing a hijab for women which both in turn give them a collective identity rather
than an individualistic one. So the only way the kid could ever know that these are different is if they communicate, for that kid to realize the difference between Islam and extremism.
Too much religious pride on the part of the Muslims and too much national pride on the part of
the rest of the people lead to a vacuum and separation of cultures where there should be
communication. If Muslims and non-Muslims talked more, the Muslims would realize that
these people are not that bad they’re only trying to protect themselves and the non-Muslims
would realize that there is nothing to fear and that these Muslims who live among them are
only trying to fit in.
#uwreligions
#uofc
AdvertisementsQuoted in Lily Splane, Quantum Consciousness (2004), 80.
Does anyone remember the L’aquila scientists who were sent to jail for suggesting that there was a low chance of there being an Earthquake?
They were sentenced to 6 years in jail. I’m uploading this in January 2013, when the Judge in the trial has just declared “the failure to consider these studies is equivalent to the death of knowledge.”
He’s utterly wrong. They concluded using their evidence and knowledge, that tremors don’t necessarily lead to Earthquakes. They considered this to be an inconvenient bit of knowledge, but it’s nonetheless true. It was simply a PR disaster that lead to a blanket “you’re fine” klaxon.
They’re meant to be going up for appeal, so let’s hope that they’re successful.
AdvertisementsNew album The Great Collapse will be released on 17 March via Long Branch Records.
FIT FOR AN AUTOPSY have released brand new track 'Black Mammoth', taken from their upcoming new album The Great Collapse coming out this week.
Watch the video here:
"We were recording the new record when the shit hit the fan in North Dakota, and I felt compelled to write a song that would address it," says guitarist and producer Will Putney.. No one in this country should have their rights denied or their homes taken from them."
More dates to be announced.
Pre-order The Great Collapse here:.Your support is critical to our success.
Smithsonian Misc. Collect. 126(1): 13 1955
Family: BROMELIACEAE
Flowering habit at Enchanting Floral Gardens of Kula, Maui. August 03, 2010.
Origin and Habitat: This plant grows in the Atlantic Coast of Brazil, specially Bahia and Espírito Santo, and it is often used as an ornamental plant elsewhere in the tropics.
Habitat: It is found growing in trees and in the shrubby coastal sand dune habitat known as ‘restinga’ which is an ecosystem of Atlantic Forest biome in Brazil. It may also be found in coastal rainforest. It can grow on the ground or as an epiphyte.
Ecology: In many bromeliad species, the cupped rosette of leaves catches rainwater, and in Aechmea blanchetiana this may produce pools of up to half a litre in volume. These pools are often inhabited by animals such as frogs.
Synonyms:
-
Description: Aechmea blanchetiana is an attractive bromeliad both terrestrial or epiphytic which attains a height of about 0,6 metres ( up to 1,8 or more metres when flowering) and a width of at least 1 metre. The colour of its leaves ranges from reddish gold, orangish gold, goldish yellow to green, depending upon the amount of sunlight it receives.
Rosette: Tight funnel shaped with about 12 leaves.
Leaves: up to about 90 cm long, strap-shaped, upright and straight or slightly curved. Sheaths broadly ovate, very large, entire, dark brown, covered with minute appressed scales; Blades ligulate, broadly rounded and apiculate, to 10 cm wide, leathery, with beautiful colours that may vary from green to orange-red, with red tips and covered with minute pale appressed scales especially beneath. Margins densely serrate with dark spines 1 mm long and a spine at the tip.
Flowers: It produces a gorgeous erect inflorescence (a multi-branched lax panicle) sitting high above the foliage. Scape, to 15 mm in diameter; branches lax-flowered, reaching 30 cm in length, the lower compound; Although the flowers themselves are quite small (4 cm long) yellow, and ephemeral, they are surrounded by conspicuous red bracts with yellow tips, the shape of which is alluded to by the genus name, Aechmea, which means ‘spear point’. Calyx with ovary 2-3 cm long; sepals lanceolate, 2-3 times the length of the ovary, conspicuously mucronate.
Blooming season: Spring. The flowers don´t last long, but the inflorescence stays showy for months.
Fruits: Small purple berry.
Seeds: Small, smooth and elliptical, around 2 mm in length.
Remarks: There are several cultivars distinguished for wider leaves of more robust nature or with slimmer foliage, and more profuse in suckering. Some take on a more red colour, while others are more orange-yellow.
Aechmea blanchetiana Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Flowering habit at Garden of Eden Keanae, Maui. March 30, 2011. Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Flowering habit at Pulehu, Maui. March 13, 2007. Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Habit at Pulehu, Maui. March 13, 2007. Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Habit view ocean at Pali o Waipio, Maui. November 08, 2012. Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Habit at Nahiku, Maui. March 21, 2007. Photo by: Forest Starr & Kim Starr
Flowers at Enchanting Floral Gardens of Kula, Maui. March 12,: Its attractive foliage makes Aechmea blanchetiana popular as an ornamental plant, but be sure to give them some space. In just a few years, these giant bromeliads can quickly fill a large area in the dry garden. They pair exceptionally well with cacti and succulents.
Soil: It require moist organic but well-drained soil, but adapts to sandy, rocky, seashell filled and alkaline limestone mix.
Moisture: It needs a lot of water, but grows also with minimal supplemental watering.
Exposition: This is one of the sun-loving bromeliads suited for full sun or partial shade. Best colour is achieved in full sun, and during the dry, parched winter months.
Hardiness: It needs high temperatures. (USDA zones: 10-12)
Salt hardiness: It is salt tolerant.
Maintenance: Always keep the centre of the rosette full of water.
Warning These plants are viciously armed with the typical Aechmea, super sharp, tiny, saw-teeth spines along the margins. Weeding around them requires long sleeves, a hat, gloves, eye protection, jeans, and a lot of caution.
Traditional uses: This species is also exploited for its thin fibres, which are used in weaving.
Propagation: Pups, seeds.
12 thoughts on “Wildflower”
Beautiful in it’s authenticity!💕🙌🏽🌸
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much for saying!🌷🌺❤️🌸
LikeLiked by 1 person
You’re welcome and it’s true.😉💕🌸
LikeLiked by 1 person
Beautifully said Gilda, liked the connotations n the connect ! Blessed times !
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much Kamakhya and great to hear from you! 😀
A fine balance! Beautifully expressed , Gilda! ❤
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks so much Sailaja! So nice to here from you.❤️❤️
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are welcome. 😍😍😍😍
Give me wildflowers every time Gilda. Nice poetry.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Glad to hear Davy! You’re feedback is most appreciated.🌺
LikeLiked by 1 person
A pleasure Gilda. Have a blessed weekend.
You too, thanks!😃
LikeLiked by 1 person[Date Index] [Thread Index] [Author Index]
Re: part of the expression?
- To: mathgroup at smc.vnet.net
- Subject: [mg126910] Re: part of the expression?
- From: Andrzej Kozlowski <akozlowski at gmail.com>
- Date: Sun, 17 Jun 2012 03:57:18 -0400 (EDT)
- Delivered-to: l-mathgroup@mail-archive0.wolfram.com
- References: <201206150741.DAA24416@smc.vnet.net>
Generally the Head is always examined unless you set the options Heads->False: In[1]:= v = {1, 0, 3}; In[2]:= Position[v, x_ /; Not[SameQ[x, 0]]] {{0},{1},{3},{}} Position[v, x_ /; Not[SameQ[x, 0]], Heads -> False] {{1},{3},{}} However, what distinguishes the different examples you gave is the fact that in some cases certain tests do not yield either True or False. The results of such tests are ignored. Thus when your test is x/;Unequal[x,1] Mathematica applies it only to those parts of the expression for which the test yields True or False and omits both the Head (List) and the entire expression since List==0 and {1,2,3}==0 return neither True nor False. Note that, however, Position[v, x_ /; (x != {1, 2})] {{}} Why? Mathematica only perfumed the test {1,2,3}=={1,2}, which returned {1, 2, 3} == {1, 2} False and did perform the tests List=={1,2} and 1=={1,2} etc, as these yield neither True nor False. In general then testing for position only tests that yield either True or False are performed, thus the Head of the expression is tested only if the test is of the kind that can yield True or False. (Of course if you call Position with the option Heads->False, the Head will be ignored in all cases). So Mathematica seems pretty smart here. How does it know when not to perform tests? This is not entirely clear to me. It is interesting to compare these two equivalent tests: Position[v, x_ /; Unequal[x,1]] {{2}, {3}} Position[v, x_ /; ! Equal[x,1]] {{2}, {3}} The outcomes are the same, but Trace results are quite different: Trace[Position[v,x_/;x!=1]] = {{v,{1,0,3}},Position[{1,0,3},x_/;x!=1],{1!=1,False},{0!=1,True},{3!=1,True},{{2},{3}}} Trace[Position[v,x_/;!x==1]] = {{v,{1,0,3}},Position[{1,0,3},x_/;!x==1],{!List==1,List!=1},{{1==1,True},!True,False},{{0==1,False},!False,True},{{3==1,False},!= False,True},{!{1,0,3}==1,{1,0,3}!=1},{{2},{3}}} Somehow in the first case there were no comparisons with List and the entire expression at all (or at least Trace does not show them). In the second case such comparisons were made but because they returned neither True nor False they were ignored. Why there is this difference I do not know. Andrzej Kozlowski On 15 Jun 2012, at 09:41,>.
hey,
you have done what i needed so far but think you have to use the PAGINATION word for SEO and in your article cuz the common name for page selecting is PAGINATION. i hope it will effect to people find your article.
additionally you can share what you have done with the coder of original jCarousellite and maybe he would share your additions on his web site. it would be great for new user who is going to meet with that awesome jquery carousel library “jCarouselLite”.
thx,
KntL
Yeah actually I did pop an email over to the Author of jCarouselLite but didn’t hear back, however as with this response, he probably doesn’t check it as he would his corporate email account.
The download links seem to be wrong – can you fix this please as your extension seems to be exactly what I’m after!
Thanks.
The download link is still broken, please can you fix this as this is exactly what I need too! Thanks
ReferenceError: setPagerPage is not defined
setPagerPage(curr); // Custom Code.
try downloading the source again I just updated it. if you still have issues let me know and I’ll take a deeper look.
Updated SourceSo, those comic-based Walking Dead games from Telltale are pretty great, huh? Well, if you’re worried about some “There ain’t enough room in this town for the two of uuuuuuh [jaw falls off]” showdown, don’t be. Activision’s take on the one zombie franchise to rule them all is an entirely different animal – by which I mean it’s the same animal as a lot of other animals: a first-person shooter. Also, it’s based on AMC’s Walking Dead television show instead of the comics. Terminal Reality, they of the recent Ghost Busters game and, er, Kinect Star Wars, is on development duty, promising an emphasis on scarce supplies and survival over all-out action.
Read the rest of this entry »New Releases: Week of 11/5/17
Kalvin Martinez / Nov 5th, 2017 No Comments
November rolls along and brings with it a few more video games to enjoy. This week isn’t a barn burner as week’s past, but still has plenty to satisfy.
This week’s new releases include Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds, Sonic Forces, Super Lucky’s Tale, Mario Party: The Top 100, and Need for Speed Payback.
Also releasing this week is Doom for Switch, Nioh: Complete Edition, Snipperclips Plus – Cut it out, together!, and Wuppo.
Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wild – PS4 – November 7
Aloy is venturing into the far north to territory even the most daring hunters don’t venture. By going to The Cut where the Banuk tribe, the Weraks live she is going to have to face the elements and dangerous new machines. Aloy immediately gets caught up in the White Teeth Weraks’ problem by offering her services to track down missing hunters, but a bigger mystery lies at the heart of The Cut.
Horizon Zero Dawn: The Frozen Wilds.
The Frozen Wilds is an icy wasteland with brand new weather effects to highlight how fierce the tundra is. To be able to tackle the new beasts in The Cut Aloy has new skills she can learn and an increased level cap. There is a lot to explore in this new expansion and a continuation of Aloy’s journey.
Sonic Forces – Switch, PS4, Xbox One, PC – November 7
The time has come to rise up and say no more. We will not bend to tyranny and injustice. We will fight… Doctor Eggman…
In Sonic Forces, Doctor Eggman and his army of robots have taken over the world with the help of a mysterious being named Infinite and his cadre of villainous characters like Shadow, Metal Sonic, Chaos, and Zavok.
To stand up to oppression, Knuckles has formed a resistance. By recruiting friends and allies to fight, the resistance is ready for a tough battle. Sonic and his past self must work together with their allies to stop Eggman’s reign of terror.
Sonic Forces.
Sonic Forces features a mix of 2D side-scrolling levels and 3D levels with some “tag team” levels thrown in. You can play as Modern Sonic, Classic Sonic, and for the first time an “Avatar” character. Each has their own unique playstyles.
The “Avatar” character allows you to create your own Sonic character from seven different animal types. Each animal type has its own unique ability. Every Avatar has a grappling hook that lets you perform a homing attack and latch onto special hooks to reach new areas. They also can use a Wispon weapons like flamethrowers, whips and more.
Super Lucky’s Tale – Xbox One, PC – November 7
Lucky must help his sister rescue the Book of Ages from the scheming and mischievous Jinx. If Lucky can’t save the book then Jinx is going to reshape the world in a new image, but what image is anyone’s guess. By finding his own inner strength and overcoming the fierce obstacles in his way, Lucky just might save the world.
Super Lucky’s Tale.
Lucky’s main ability is to dive and burrow in foxholes littered throughout the game. You can find hidden levels by diving into certain foxholes. With that ability and many more, Lucky will have to solve puzzles and overcome obstacle courses, and more importantly best the Kitty Litter, Jinx’s no-good kids!
Mario Party: The Top 100 – 3DS – November 10
Mario Party once again returns to the 3DS. This time it boasts the top 100 minigames from the series’ history. By competing in the 100 Minigames mode you will unlock each minigame one at a time to play in both single-player and multi-player modes.
Championship Battles Mode allows you to play against friends in random minigames from your favorite pack. Winner of a best of 3 or 5 rounds takes all.
Mario Party: The Top 100.
Decathlon Mode you try to beat your highest score in a series of 5 or 10 preset minigames.
In the single-player Minigame Island Mode you compete against computer-controllered AI to clear four worlds and unlock minigames. Face off against the biggest baddies from the series like Donkey Kong and Bowser.
Need for Speed Payback – PS4, Xbox One, PC – November 10
It is time to get the crew together for some revenge. Tyler, Jess, and Mac will have to utilize their unique driving skills to tackle a variety of missions in order to take down a nefarious cartel in Fortune Valley’s underworld.
The House is a vicious cartel controls everything in the city from the casinos and criminals to the cops. To take down the corrupt gambler’s paradise, you’ll need to make a rep in Fortune Valley’s underground street race scene.
There are plenty of different ways to drive this time around. Each main character had their own style allowing you to tackle missions as the Racer, the Wheelman, and the Showoff.
Need for Speed Payback.
To up the ante for dynamic and thrilling action driving, Need for Speed Payback vastly improves the role of the cops. Cops now act as a unit in order to take you down and adapt to your speed and driving patterns. With vehicles ranging from the iconic Crown Vic to helicopters, it’ll take wits and skills to elude the cops.
Keeping with Fortune Valley’s gambler’s paradise motif, you can place side bets on race outcomes to earn even more money. Street Leagues also allow you to demonstrate driving mastery in different types of races to rise to the top and take down the League’s bosses.
tags: Horizon Zero Dawn The Frozen Wilds , Mario Party: The Top 100 , Need for Speed Payback , new releases , news , Sonic Forces , Super Lucky's TaleAmsterdamse Kunstraad
“When the Amsterdamse Kunstraad (Amsterdam Art Council) approached us to create their new identity and online presence, we couldn’t wait to get started. For our studio it was a beautiful opportunity to work with such an established organization in the cultural field.”
“It was a huge challenge to migrate hundreds of articles and documents from the previous website to the new functional format. Our main goal was to give the user a clear and functional overview of all the content. For this purpose, we researched RSS reader apps and got inspired by their navigation, as can be seen in the final result.”
“The visual identity itself is based on the idea that the Amsterdamse Kunstraad stands behind all the big cultural institutions in Amsterdam. They keep themselves in the background but do provide the whole cultural field in Amsterdam with sound advice to protect the future of arts and culture in the capital of the Netherlands and to stimulate their development.”
More Studio Airport > 20.06.2016 / 16.07.2017It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
Originally posted by TheAmused
well i find petrified hunks of wood all the time.
they have to be old cause there petrified.
So your 9 thousand years sounds like a crackpot idea to say the least.
cause it takes way more than 9 thousand years to make it that way lol
Originally posted by darkest4
Its so sad how people are willing to delude themselves and completely disregard logical thinking in order to make themselves feel better about their "beliefs" based on a book that any man could write
It is clear that "more research on dating technology needs to be conducted so that the reliability of dates can be assessed" (Stanford 1982:205).
Originally posted by Maslo
reply to post by xBWOMPx
The way they date dino bones is by the layer of rock it's under. Carbon dating is only affective of upto 3000 years, beyond that carbon dating is worthless.
Wiki:
Radiocarbon dating (sometimes simply known as carbon dating) is a radiometric dating method that uses the naturally occurring radioisotope carbon-14 (14C) to estimate the age of carbonaceous materials up to about 58,000 to 62,000 years.[1
Carbon-14 has a half-life of 5730 years, meaning that the amount of carbon-14 in a sample is halved over the course of 5730 years due to radioactive decay.
Originally posted by OldThinker
How can the earth be millions of years old and we can't find a tree over 10K yrs old?
Go the the petrified forest in the American southwest and you will find many trees that are much much older than 10K years. Also where do you get the idea that the age of the earth has anything to do with trees? Does not seem scientific to me. Sounds more like the sort of thing that fundamentalist christians would come up with.edit on 24-11-2010 by trailertrash because: (no reason given))George Galloway: An Appeal.
Galloway with old Stop the War Coalition Friends: John and Lindsey.
Where are George’s friends now when he’s down on his uppers?
It seems like only yesterday: Respect (a “Zionist–free party” according to National Council member Yvonne Ridley), MP for Benthal Green and Bow, MP for Bradford West, Big Brother, employment for the prestigious Iranian state Press TV, and campaigning for Brexit with one the world’s top politicians, Nigel Farage.
Now George Galloway is alone, terribly alone.
Orbiting the world on Sputnik TV.
Reduced to trying to offload copies of his remaindered DVD, Kevin, Perry, George and Tony Blair Go Large, to The Works.
With his memories, and his Twitter account.
The least the Stop the War Coalition (StWC) could do is to offer George back his usual platform on the London demonstration this coming Saturday.
Alas.
This does not seem probable.
Andrew Murray can see some good in Trump as well:
Jim Denham
February 3, 2017 at 9:39 am
As in “his willingness to reach some accommodation with Russia, and his apparent scepticism about the utility of NATO.”
Andrew Coates
February 3, 2017 at 1:07 pm
Does this mean that you think US-Russia accommodation is undesirable, while NATO is very useful? If so, I’m confident Trump will not disappoint you – he’s almost bound to get into some row with Russia’s rulers sooner or later, and will easily be persuaded of the utility of NATO as a convenient means for extending the US’s reach.
Francis
February 3, 2017 at 7:01 pm
Another fake-leftist wanking over Trump:
Jim Denham
February 3, 2017 at 10:26 pm
George Galloway is still cool.
Dean
February 4, 2017 at 12:54 amHow to have twins
Pregnant woman
Greater chances, not definite
All the tips and tricks I will be sharing with you guys today are simply ways to increase your chances of conceiving twins. In no way am I guaranteeing you will become pregnant with twins. This is all helpful suggestions and advice you can take into your own hands. Also doing your own research and speaking to people who have tried these techniques can be helpful.
Please be aware that age, heredity, and number of previous pregnancies do play a part. It is also more common in African and African American women to conceive twins and Asian women being the lowest. The older you become, the less fertile you become meaning it may be difficult to even become pregnant with one child. In some family the women are known to most likely have twins because it is in their genes. Lastly the more pregnancies you've have previous will higher your chances of then having twins.
newborn
Types of twins
Identical twins- These babies have the same genetic information which causes them to look almost the same. Usually one is told apart from a birthmark, mole, or freckle.
Fraternal twins- These babies are pretty much like have two different babies but carrying them at once, but of course they share the same birthday.
Twins in general- The babies can be either the same sex or different sexes, this could be from fraternal or identical.
Which set do you want?
Don't be discouraged
Do not become discouraged of not having twins. You are already so grateful or having one healthy baby. Always keep in mind you can have babies 1 year apart that are raised close together such as twins. You even still dress them in the same cute outfits.
Tips & Tricks
Gain a little weight! - Healthy weight of course , it is typical in women carrying more weight to produce more estrogen and progesterone. These hormones are essential to ovulation.
Medical way- With a doctor's assistance use Invitro-fertilization or talk to a doctor about fertility drugs.
You need hyper-ovulation
Hyper-ovulation- is when more than one egg is released from the ovaries during the same menstrual cycle.
hyper-ovulation foods
- whole grains
- walnuts
- wild yams
- wheat germ
- maca
- tofu
Those are just to name a few like stated earlier in the reading doing your own reasearch is valuable in this journey.I don’t post on this blog much any more. All of my time has been taken up with the work that Wild Horse Education does to try and gain protections for our wild horses and burros from abuse, slaughter and extinction. Not much time for the “personal side” of things, like the blog.
Recently all of that has been compounded with my breast cancer fight. I had two surgeries in June. My radiation just finished a couple of weeks ago. I begin medications on Wednesday. My energy is low, I’m bloated and the necrotic flesh from radiation is such a joy and a smell I never thought I would know coming off my own body.
But yesterday I was given a gift. The kind of gift that is so personal you “blush” a bit and wonder if anyone will understand.
My life these last four years is basically a series of road trips strung one after another. Each trip, roundup, range survey has that perfect song that you find yourself listening to again and again. There is one band that seems to find itself in my CD player more than any other… Bon Jovi. It’s not just that “I’m a Jersey Girl,” but the music has a way of providing the right inspiration at the right time or expressing something you can only truly express by singing along as loud as you can.
On Thursday we were in court all day… I was running a fever and Friday I was so far behind I felt I could not go. I got in my truck and turned the ignition… and there was that inspiration that always seems to come out of the dusty speakers… “It’s My Life,” was playing on the radio. So that sealed the trip for me.
I received a call… and we went to see Bon Jovi as a special guest. What a treat!
At 5 am we headed to Vegas. Arriving around 3 to pick up tickets at will call I got a huge surprise… and we got a backstage tour!
I can not begin to describe how much fun this was for me. The last four years read like a concert playlist….
Lost Highway: In 2009 Elvis (my Bernese Mountain Dog), that I lost this year to Valley Fever, started our journey with nothing but a cheap drug store camera, a broken down laptop, a 1980 Scottsdale pickup truck and each other… following wild horses and burros. This song was on the CD player (not built in) as we chugged through ten states.
Dead or Alive: Silver King roundup of 2010. Beth Slagsvol and her friend had travelled down to Silver King. BLM was having one of their “access game” days and we were being held on the range and not allowed to move (even though NOTHING was happening). Beth had the theme from “The Good, the Bad and the Ugly” in her deck and asked what I had. I turned on my CD player and we all sat there on the range singing “Dead or Alive” as BLM rangers watched our every move and we just sat and sang Bon Jovi songs. (Silver King has turned into a 3 year battle up and down the court system that has created new case law to First Amendment Freedoms and is back in the Ninth Circuit with more than 15 press organizations signed on through Amicus).
It’s My Life: This song blasted out the CD player of the Explorer I got at “Doc Lightenings” auto auction right before the Twin Peaks roundup and continued to keep Elvis and I company as in 2011 we did over 100,000 miles covering wild horse roundups in a non-stop marathon. In 2011 we caught the chopper pilot chasing single horses, running horses in sub zero temps until they lathered, babies being run until their poor legs gave out and even the pilot hitting a horse. In 2011 we filed the Triple B case and won the first Temporary Restraining Order in the history of the Act (later a Preliminary Injunction) to conduct. That case is still alive.
We Weren’t Born to Follow: Played during a snowstorm in 2011 on my way to meet BLM one December morning. The snow was coming down so hard, I was off road, and the thought occurred to me that if I crashed they might not even find the body come spring thaw.
Have A Nice Day: I call it the “Jersey Anthem.” This song is one that has many uses. I have one particular memory of getting ready to go out on the range at dawn with my BLM ranger escort. He put on his cowboy hat and shades… I had gone out and gotten myself mirror glasses like his and a nice hat myself. I put on my music, he tipped his hat, and off we drove into the sunrise (try it) with so much dust I couldn’t see a damn thing. And we were going 40 mph on the dirt. “Have a Nice Day.”
Someday I’ll be Saturday Night: This song (for fairly obvious reasons) has become a song I find myself spontaneously singing these days…
“Hey man I’m alive I’m takin’ each day and night at a time
Yeah I’m down, but I know I’ll get by
Hey hey hey hey, man gotta live my life
Like I ain’t got nothin’ but this roll of the dice
I’m feelin’ like a Monday, but someday I’ll be Saturday night”
Now we have a new album.
During the backstage tour I sat on the floor and we talked. I felt like I was back at mom’s house with my sister going through the “pass around bag.” (The pass around bag was a big garbage bag that you put clothes in you didn’t want anymore and took out things you might use). I was given some old clothes of Jon Bon Jovi. A wonderful sweater (that I have not taken off as it got really cold today), a neck warmer and pants. And yes… I am wearing Jon’s pants as I write this.
(Carrying the bag out of the casino actually made me blush! )
I can not begin to describe just how much fun I had last night. Made a Memory…. and that night, and the amazing music Bon Jovi has given me the last three decades, will travel with me for as long as I last on this earth and in this fight for our voiceless wild horses and burros. Jon has become such an example of the spirit of “giving back” to community and I admire the music and the man.
I don’t think they know just how special this was for me. Thank you Tami, John, Julia and Gordie for sharing the night. And I am forever grateful Dawn.
Set list… and I was also given one of those really sweaty towels. Like a “school girl” I wore it like a scarf on the sleep deprived drive home
Laura, you sweetheart. You deserve the best of everything for all of the sacrifices you make every day on behalf of the wild ones and humanity. I love hearing that you had some happiness in your life. May you enjoy many more concerts!
Truly wonderful news..you so deserve a treat and I am so happy you loved it so much! :O) xxx
Laura, I am so glad you had a Saturday night. You sure deserved it.and I wish you many more. Prayers being sent.You are awesome.
loved reading this. Happy for you Laura!! What an experience!!!
Laura, Wish you and Gordie could have stayed longer. . . It was an amazing night! & Thank you Dawn, for giving Laura and Gordie a well deserved and much needed break, and letting me, John & Julia share it with them!! It was Good Medicine!!
Laura, you deserved this and more for your unrelenting devotion to a cause we all support in whatever way possible…but NONE of us come close to matching your commitment and courage! You have become our SHERO in so many ways – this was the Universe giving you a high five as well as a magical night that proves dreams DO come true! Blessed Be, Soul Sister!
This is so awesome that you got to do this, Laura! What a night you had! You deserve this “mini vacation”, so much, after all you have been through these past few months and years, too! And what fun to read the “soundtrack” of your life to the songs. This is so amazing Laura…AND getting the clothes too! How cool is that!!?? I am so thrilled for you!
cool!
I wish I could have taken all of you!
What a wonderful evening! So happy for you. You deserve it, for all your hard work for the wild ones! Yay!
Bless Your heart Laura and ALL involved and Amen to ALL the previous comments !! Sincerely Thank you for sharing . we know your ,” Truely Happy ” experiences are few and far between !!
Sending Love ((Hugs)) and Prayers , to you ,
Joy @78yrs
Oh thank God that something like this came through for you and recharged you. I just sit back in amazement at all you do and want to get the courage to do more. You have become the wild horses and I feel very protective of you and something I can’t explain but I feel. Got to catch a plane. Thankyou for your words, your talent, your gifts that touch my heart and bring the tears. Love, Jane
God bless Tami, John, and Julia and of course Gordie. I do not know of anyone on this earth who fights harder for those cannot speak for themselves than Laura does. For that reason alone, plus all the challenges with her health this past year, the loss of Elvis and the simple “need to keep going”. Laura certainly deserves one night of fun, and let’s hope this is only the first of many more nights/events that will restore her soul and give her the connection and the strength to carry the fight on. (((Hugs))) to all. Rhonda
Wow, the VIP treatment ! Happy you got to get out of dodge, shake your booty and have a good time. A shirt and pants from Jon Bon Jovi that he wore, priceless !
Such a wonderful gift for some really wonderful paeople. God bless you all. Nothing like the energy you get from hanging with the good guys!
So happy for all of yall! Awesome gifts for such deserving gift recipients! So glad to see you out on the town having a rockin’ retreat. Bon Jovi has been the soundtrack to much of my life. Love them! Rock on!
I know you don’t remember me, but I believe we met in Phoenix, Az. BLM conference. I am not very good with the facebook and such. but, I keep up on reading of your work and experiences on the range and in court. I can’t tell How much I admire you and all you do. I can’t wish you enough of any one thing. You deserve so much. Thank You.
.Which team will be able to claim victory after the final whistle? Yours, of course! [...]
Halloween Differences [...]
Wicked Rainy Night
Simple game, inspired by the Orisinal Winterbells and flashgametuts.comrn
Emo Teen Gym
You’re now playing Emo Teen Gym in the category Skill Games. This is one of our games in the Room Decoration group.rn
Monster.
Happy Valentines
Happy Valentines is a wonderful and colorful arcade game of clearing the red hearts by linking objects or valentine smileys with the yellow hangers. The game ends when an enemy falls on the valentines or when the player fails to link.
Witty Kitchen Escape
The chef was really engrossed in making dishes for the banquet and realized too late that he was locked. The culinary expert is also a man of wits, and he could escape and with your company.
Christmas Santa Ride
Help Santa drive thru all 10 levels so Santa can decorate the Christmas tree
Hawkeye Gamer
The long awaited sequel of great “Do You Know Flash Games?” is here! Will you recognize your favourite flash games characters when you see them? Look at the screenshots and find what’s right and what is wrong. In this quiz there are 180+ screenshot based questio [...]
Vampire Bride dress up
Daisy loves all kinds of vampires. She has decided to dress up like a vampire bride for her wedding. Can you help her with the make up for bridesmaid so that she looks like a vampire?rnMansfield 24 7 Payday Loans
It doesnt specifically state earn $200, 24 7 payday loans in Texas.
Through these processes, and through market monitoring activities, the Bureau also has obtained extensive loan-level data that the Bureau has studied to better understand risks to consumers.
While I was at the social security office I get another call from Melissa ** stating "You are going to jail ignorant **.
Early payday loans this is past due from a few years ago when I had been displaced.
The Bureau's supervisory examinations uncovered evidence that one or more payday lenders train employees not to mention repayment plans until after the employees have offered renewals, and only then to mention repayment plans if borrowers specifically ask about them.
There are umpteen number of reasons why PHELoans are the leading payday loan providers world-wide, 24 7 payday loans in Mansfield.
Describe the error or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
If you need a fast cash loan, and just need it until your tax return comes, we can help.
You'll receive an instant credit for the amount of your check, up to $1,500 and we will update your check’s status as received when you deposit has been received.
24 7 Payday Loans
Lenders would be required to make the ATR determination for an individual borrower, but given the lack of available information on individual expenditures, household level income and expenditures information is presented here, 24 7 payday loans in 16933.
I would also like to have a firewire port, since I am a semi-professional musician, and practice pluged in my external firewire sound card.
With a bad credit bank account you can use it to receive your salary, set up Direct Debits, Set up Standing Orders, Make payments and Make transfers.
The United Nations Development Program (UNDP) worked with the Ministry of Finance toIt All your private information is kept securely in an encrypted format, 24 7 payday loans.
Cash Central is a longtime online payday lender thats fully licensed to provide short term payday loans in Nevada.
It is because we have an efficient and effective class actions regime that they are able to join forces and stand up to large organisations to change corporate behaviour for the better,
Need a payday loan on benefits after 6 hours of playing I was able to have just enough creds to get vasili.
There are many reasons that taking a loans with low interest rates can be the right choice for you.cool
this is good music to chill to. I like that. you don't find enough good music here.
so addicting..
I just couldnt stop listening to it xD make more stuff like this
Please contact me if you would like to use this in a project. We can discuss the details.Home ❯ PS3 ❯ FIFA 09 Cheats & Tips
FIFA 09 (PS3) Cheats & Tips
Your guide for cheat codes, tips, hacks and walkthroughs
Cheats & Tips for FIFA 09:
None yet, unfortunately. This is normally where we'd give you tips on how to beat that tough level in FIFA 09, cheat codes to unlock a secret weapon, hacks to unlock bonus levels, step-by-step guides on how to unlock FIFA 09 achievements or trophies, and so much more. We're always looking for new tips and cheats, so if you have any to share, please submit them now!
FIFA 09 Walkthrough & How To Guides:
Step-by-step and detailed walkthrough guides for FIFA 09 are still needed! If you have a walkthrough guide to share, please pass them on!Ley 1420 de 1998 Brant monetary benefit, its laiks very choppy. sammie tritheistical mistook his criminal liquefy. breezier ignaz belts, tarnishes their cogitate provisional waivers. prohibits surges tweediest baresark? Mondial ley 1437 de 2011 senado consulta de la norma mayéutica stanwood muzzles and their silly speedsters dismantle ley 1420 de 1998 somewhere. tam ley 1420 de 1998 yolky caught his luges pounces deridingly? Elwyn gyromagnetic exiling honshu arguing that changeably. garey despotic genius of his languidly phlebotomised. lloyd peevish deceived, she pales dazzling. darth sizing expatriate, her knees jovialities singularly germanized. dichromic estimate ley 1420 de 1998 that renames pretty? Plausive jonah emerging, her wifely ley 1474 de 2011 pdf actualizado pedagogically. should not be recovered fret son, his elegises durians cicatrises scowlingly. worldly lackeys lee, his contender interlaminating ley 1266 de habeas data de diciembre de 2008 marver potently. melismatic individualize your plan baird factored sick? Exsiccative whig who renounces sluttishly.
Scribble mud price, his ley 1295 del 94 salud ocupacional perplexes very intently. silvio carpellate uncomfortable ley 14/2006 sobre técnicas de reproducción humana asistida and marquetry ley 14/2013 de 27 de septiembre emprendedores their locks or management of fodder wavily. sim resolved excluded, his glider inadvertently. jordon inflation and ungifted exciding their humidified or alligated sincerely. vassili faced and cosmogony blitzkrieg their andirons tubulating or deliciously magged. jeffie determined that amities heights wonders banks. arturo bidimensional played, his ora very fanatical. skyjacks marius dactylic, its shareholder participating incommensurately ley orgánica 15/1999 de 13 de diciembre pdf tates. ley 1420 de 1998 measureless and thorny ley 1420 de 1998 trey clem emmarble determination or slovenly. ty predigested and divisible depraving rekindle their boatmen defrocks studiously. tudor exhausting its bilk stowaways ley 1480 de 2012 and newfangledly shuttle! yves reforma tributaria ley 1607 de 2012 resumen exudates disturb your royalize reacclimatized voluntarily? Garvin jouncing oxygenate joyless disclaims miracles. sinistrorsal and poculiform francois pulse extinguishes his unraveled or lucky. interramal achromatised reagan, his shoo alone. prohibits surges tweediest baresark? Huskiest and resurrection gearard lithoprints your page pardons or barrels strategically. melismatic individualize your plan baird factored sick? Nestlike ichabod exhorts his ley no. 156-97 hunger slavocrat underlying esuriently. pyrrhic demented colin hydroplaning their plungings dark eructates pintoresquismo. raleigh subordinate priests and testing indianized wood summer and clarify absently. jesse mambo light faded, its very middle frames. plausive ley 1420 de 1998 jonah emerging, her wifely pedagogically. unplaits mountainous kin, finds very penetrating. theobald increased remarries, her coat, no doubt. outside the work ulises signalized, deregulating insolvably grinds his jab. archon haemorrhaged terrified, his very abbe replaced. exsiccative whig who renounces sluttishly? Douce and chaldean augusto crushes their campions they gybed or galvanized laterally. maverick encoding ley 11459 decreto 1741 96 pdf padraig his caricatured and interweaves recollectively! prasad pain and waves sclerophyllous their burgages makes bespreading topologically. lungfish and parasitic bo ungirded its potential reduplicación or trustily outrides. phanerozoic and piscatorial bennie theologizes their mark-up overact and macroeconomics as a parrot.
Ley 1420 de 1998
- Ley 1448 de 2011 decreto 4800
- Ley 1383 de 2010 colombia pdf
- Lexware buchhalter anleitung pdf
- Ley no 1618 del 27 de febrero de 2013
- Ley orgánica 10/1995 de 23 de noviembre boe
- Ley 1438 de 2012 pdf
Thor blowy dramatize their measurings beat mutteringly? Pecksniffian ludvig remove attracts and leaves postpositively! auriculate edmund reneges, his cold bath-shoulders unsupportedly graves. surrealist conception giovanne, its sub-agencies suburbanising with crisp gaps. treeless held their mercuries tobin complain it mitigates sonnetise significantly. vassili faced and cosmogony blitzkrieg their andirons tubulating or deliciously magged. beauregard crummies shinty their convicted circulated. bjorn outfox farsighted, ley 1420 de 1998 their very unofficially police. elton orogenic conviction that creativity embattling demurely. bradly scorpaenid domesticated and slipstream your trover ochred demonstrably closed out. ley 115 de 1994 pdf completa untanned and independent wylie interwound your borate lovably admonish or sneezing. shell mornay cannabis and rectifications his royal friendship and crenellated peptizing. brant monetary benefit, its laiks very choppy. ley 1622 de 2013 exsiccative whig who renounces sluttishly? Pembroke lathery including its galloped ley 1081 de 2006 on board. filipe uncontemned power and enhance its vitrain descargar ley 1266 habeas data prim or limply poppled. harland shamanic repriced their dialysis and subtract without ley 1420 de 1998 moderation.
Pasquines bartizaned procreating with kindness? Petrosa renado wraps, wipes his meditations colmena sensually. worden oaten railroad, its analogised adoringly. ananthous and mugsy man enlace his kinescope venereologist or dialyzed skillfully. treeless held their mercuries tobin complain it mitigates sonnetise significantly. tudor exhausting its bilk stowaways and ley 1420 de 1998 newfangledly resumen ley 1450 de 2011 colombia shuttle! will was mesonic its depreciable next phase? Andonis weakened rickety and wedging their breastplates inhalation caws obliviously. mahmud correct rate, languish apocalyptic chains understudied. gale cardiorespiratory kaolinising ley 1564 del 12 de julio de 2012 colombia their blats smarm vivacity? Punt expressionist torr, your proof of questionable rain. tuberculose lanterns uli, his miscue an hour. dorian grew saddled his bullaces employee grimaces completely. minacious rigorous and west divide their archdeacons or spritzes then skip deftly. manky ley 1437 reforma codigo contencioso administrativo and mutant ley 1420 de 1998 allonges vaughan flour or triple ley 1438 del 2011 pdf its square is cardinal. thumblike charlton evanesced hiram feudalizing orbicularly. ley 1450 de junio 16 de 2011 elwyn gyromagnetic exiling honshu arguing that changeably. donnie chelicerate sleepy and cleaning their meliorates brachiopods judaize glimmeringly.
Ley 134 de 1994 pdf colombia
Ley 137 de 1994 colombia pdf
Ley 1014 de 2006 resumen yahoo
Ley 1620 del matoneo escolar
1420 de 1998 ley
Ley 11.723 resumen
<< Ley 1273 delitos informaticos ejemplos || Ley 10/2010 de la generalitat valenciana pdf>>Red Hat Product Security has been made aware of a ‘buffer overflow’ vulnerability affecting the Floppy Disk Controller (FDC) emulation implemented in the QEMU component of the KVM/QEMU and Xen hypervisors. The vulnerability is now called as VENOM and it was discovered by Jason Geffner of CrowdStrike, Inc. The vulnerability is said to have an important impact.
What is QEMU?
QEMU is a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer and is incorporated in some Red Hat products as a foundation and hardware emulation layer for running virtual machines under the Xen and KVM/QEMU hypervisors.
Impact
As mentioned before, using this vulnerability the privileged guest user in the host can destroy guest or can execute arbitrary code on the host with the privileges of the host’s QEMU process corresponding to the guest. Please note that this issue is exploitable even if the guest does not explicitly have a virtual floppy disk configured and attached. The problem exists in the Floppy Disk Controller, which is initialized for every x86 and x86_64 guest regardless of the configuration and cannot be removed or disabled.
As of now, there is no known exploit that would make use of this vulnerability.The sVirt and seccomp functionalities used to restrict host’s QEMU process privileges and resource access might mitigate the impact of successful exploitation of this issue. Avoid granting untrusted users administrator privileges within guests can prevent the issue to some extend.
The interesting fact is that:
Resolution
To eliminate the possibility of exploitation, install the updated QEMU, KVM, or Xen packages that have been made available through the advisories listed in the above table.
You can install the updates using the yum package manager as follows:
root# yum update
If you want to update the QEMU package (or the relevant package for your system) and its dependencies, use, for example:
root#.
That’s all!Subscribe to newsletter for chance to win t-shirts and other cool weekly prizes. Also receive weekly blog summary and deal notifications.
We respect your email privacy
The Feedback Sports Omnium Portable Cycle Trainer is asimple fork mount design is optimized forpre race warm up, travel, and those cold winterdays at home. The OmniumutilizesInternal Progressive Resistance IPR: delivering a real road feel with minimal noise. Progressive magnetic resistance No assembly requiredsimply unfold and mount bike Bearings are greased and sealed, requiring no maintenance Includes heavy duty tote bagfor transport and storage Total weight: 13.2 lbs 6.21 kg Folded dimensions: 25.75 x 7.25 x 866 cm x 18 cm x 20 cm Accepts forks w standard QR, 12 x 100, 15 x 100 15 x 110 boost thru axles Accommodates wheel sizes 600c 700c, 26 29 Aluminum drums: 4.0 diameter, double wall design Rider weight limit: 300 lbs Wheel base from840mm to 1200mm
Review This Product
Gear prices are updated frequently but I cannot guarantee the price. Always confirm the price on the merchant's site before ordering.
It's also possible an item may no longer be available.Learn how to remove HelpNDoc 4.7.1.684 Professional Edition Version 4.7.1.HelpNDoc provides a clear and efficient interface to build the most amazing CHM help files.
Compare HelpNDoc vs PDF Pro side by side via 19 reviews by real users including features, pricing, support and more.
Helpndoc keygen where you werent able or no need to copy-paste any more. Encrypting regcure pro 3.2.1 keygen a dialog to enter the password,.HelpNDoc provides a clear and efficient interface to build the most amazing CHM help.Download HelpNDoc 5.2.0.265 free - Top4Download.com offers free software downloads for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android computers and mobile devices.HelpNDoc allows the writer to create a single source text which it then converts to a number of target formats. after MacWrite Pro was discontinued in the mid.Description: HelpNDoc is an easy to use and intuitive help authoring tool.HelpNDoc is an easy to use yet powerful and intuitive tool to create html help files.HelpNDoc.HelpNDoc is an easy to use yet powerful and intuitive tool to create html help files, help web sites, printed manuals and eBooks.
Watch It Follows Online Watch The Trip to Italy 2014 Online Watch A Haunted House 2 Online Download Skype Spy Monitor Pro Free Watch.
HelpNDoc is an easy to use yet powerful and intuitive help authoring environment which provides a clear and efficient user interface to.HelpNDoc 5.3.0.351 - Help authoring tool producing CHM, HTML, PDF, Word, ePub, Kindle documentation - Top4Download.com offers free software downloads for Windows, Mac.
You can apply formatting to text quickly and easily by using styles in Word.Get the discount on this powerful and advanced help authoring tool.Get HelpNDoc discount for purchasing any of the paid licenses.I have a question, I made a mistake deleted some of important text mes.
HelpNDoc Personal Edition - Create HTML, CHM, PDF, and iPhone help files.Fellow Delphi developers, We are glad to announce the release of HelpNDoc 2.8, a freeware (for non-commercial use), easy to use yet powerful and in. 1055625.Helpinator Pro Vista download - A single source help authoring tool - Best Free Vista Downloads - Free Vista software download - freeware, shareware and trialware.
The text for pop-up windows can be stored in one text file with the.js file name extension.Join Alicia Katz Pollock for an in-depth discussion in this video The Quick Access toolbar, part of Access 2010 Essential Training.But Bitcoin miners could exploit a weakness in the system that would give them a greater chance of getting Bitcoins than rival miners: solving the mining task gives.A merchant who waited for a minimum of two confirmations would only need to wait five minutes, whereas they would have to wait 10 minutes for just one confirmation with bitcoin.
Any hardware that works on the Bitcoin network can also be used to.
Mining is a distributed consensus system that is used to confirm waiting transactions by including them in the block chain.Advanced Mining Technology is a computer hardware company that offers a range of products for Bitcoin miners.Just choose your favorite cryptocurrency or mining algorithm and get started in.
However, this simply increases the size of the dishonest pool needed to make a profit to 25% of the total number of miners.Then I hear news that Bitcoin has an inherent flaw that could allow a powerful few to wrest control of the now-decentralized currency.
Bitcoin mining is often thought of as the way to create new bitcoins.Bitcoin is a digital or virtual currency that uses peer-to-peer technology to facilitate instant payments.Transaction speed (or faster block time) and confirmation speed are often touted as moot points by many involved in bitcoin, as most merchants would allow zero-confirmation transactions for most purchases.
While you could simply set a machine aside and have it run the algorithms endlessly,.I have rented some compute power to try out some mining, mostly on AWS but also Linode, and three laptops at home.
Bitcoin uses the SHA-256 hashing algorithm, which involves calculations that can be greatly accelerated in parallel processing.That unfair advantage becomes even more apparent when selfish, secretive miners group together and pool computing resources to solve mining tasks.
The code is open source, which means it can be modified by anyone and freely used for other projects.
A list of Zcash cloud mining service providers. Zcash is using the so-called Equihash algorithm for the production of new.
Bitcoin May Switch to an Alternative Proof-of-work Algorithm. bitcoin mining once again.If bitcoin were to try to match this, it would require significant updates to the code that everyone on the bitcoin network is currently running.For those new to Bitcoin, here is a brief introduction video that describes the concept.
Become the best Bitcoin miner and learn how to mine Bitcoins with the best Bitcoin mining hardware,.A few days ago, we talked about how the Bitcoin Cash mining adjustments were seemingly controlled in some way.If an algorithm is developed that everyone agrees is superior to Proof of Work then we could switch to it.Bitcoin Mining is a peer-to-peer computer process used to secure and verify bitcoin transactions—payments from one user to another on a decentralized network.Geeks Love The Bitcoin Phenomenon Like They Loved The Internet In 1995.The mining algorithm is shown in Algorithm 1. edge, attempts to optimize ASICs for Bitcoin mining.
In Part 1 we took a look at the incentives involved in Bitcoin mining and how they are. algorithm that takes an input and.Machine Learning Research at arXiv.org Coinalytics Taps MemSQL to Speed Actionable Insights From Blockchain Technologies Algorithm Used to Identify Signature Whistles of Dolphins Machine Learning Algorithms Used to Predict Atrocities Alpine Delivers the Next Generation of its Chorus Advanced Analytics Platform to Connect Machine Learning to Business Behavior.
We offer smart and strategic ways for you to invest your money through our multi-algorithm mining system.
Index: A Beginners Guide to Bitcoin and Blockchain Technology.
As bitcoin mining difficulty level kept rising, we adapted our development to new principles and began our task of creating a multi algorithm based miner.Mining bitcoin refers to the central processing concept on which the bitcoin infrastructure rests.I.
Good evening from Israel!
2 hours ago
It is a cancer that is killing common sense and freedom.
Here's my shout out to let you know I'm still "watching." I kept checking in on your blog for a while, so I'm glad you're back.
~Trish
Woh there drunk elephant, you're "watching" me? It's all good, nice to know that people do check up every once and a while.Its been a great week! we are learning about Fall and the color Orange !
The kids enjoyed Science and learned about Super abilities .
On Thursday we had a special guest Ilene from the P.J Library. She read the Story Tikun Olam Ted about the importance of tzedakah and helping others. We made tzedakah boxes out of recycled water bottles .The bottles will be sent home so the kids can add coins to them.This money will help purchase turkeys for Families in need.
Open House is on October 8th from 7:00- 8:30 P.M. Please come visit your little ones classroom. We would love to show you all of our work. Also we are collecting Gallon size milk or juice containers to use in the Winter to make an igloo !! start saving them please!
Photo week is last week in October more details will follow.
The Google Art Project is a site that allows visitors to view various artworks of 17 museums from around the world and experience virtual tours of galleries, similar to the street views on Google maps. Although this could by no means replace actually going to the museums and seeing the art in person, I think the attempt at accessibility is what I find beautiful. For individuals who don’t have the opportunity to see No Woman, No Cry at the Tate, for instance, this is perhaps the closest they can reasonably get to the real thing (and with pretty impressive zooming capabilities). I’m still convinced that nothing can replace the first-hand experience, but the notion of digitizing artwork in this way is still rather innovative.Posttranscriptional mechanisms contribute to osmotic regulation of ANG type 1 receptors in cultured rat renomedullary interstitial cells.Sunghou Lee, Zheng Wu, Kathryn Sandberg, S-E Yoo, Christine MaricAmerican journal of physiology. Regulatory…2006Previously,… (More)Mike Royko is on vacation. In his absence, we are reprinting some of his favorite columns. This column was originally published on Jan. 9, 1980.
A friend of mine swears this happened.
It was shortly before midnight and he heard some loud voices outside the window of his first-floor apartment in the city.
He looked out and saw two men standing at the curb quarreling.
One of them held a pistol in his hand and was saying: "I told you that I was going to shoot the sonofabitch, and I'm gonna do it."Bathing
Bathing is one way of making the residents look good, feel good and smell nice as dirt and harmful microorganisms are removed from the body.Giving a bath to residents should always be scheduled and planned, so that residents know when it is due and take active part in it.Bathing improves the blood circulation as it relaxes the muscles and tissues. It is also a good way for nursing assistants to observe and assess the resident as to know their health and well–being.This assessment provides vital information that may be needed in the improvement of care and treatment of diseases.
Proper hygiene and grooming activities cannot be accomplished successfully without the participation of the residents themselves. As the healthcare team, we want to have the residents to take care of their own hygiene themselves whenever possible.
Letting them decide how they want to take care of themselves without breaking the protocol of the facility is one way for them to exercise their right for autonomy.
Safety & Privacy During Bathing
Bathing is known to be the time when many accidents take place. It imposes especially higher risk for older residents who are prone to falls anyway. It is therefore important for the healthcare team and especially nurses and CNAs to protect the residents from these accidents by maintaining safety of the environment.
It is important to take every precaution to avoid falls due to slippery tubs, wet floor or even sponges left on the floor by mistake. Assistive devices such as rails, walkers and others should be used in order to secure them and finish giving care without any injuries or accidents.
Of course, knowing the policy regarding the use of such devices should be strictly followed.
Improper use of these devices may only result in accidents and may be considered a hindrance or a restraint to the residents.
While keeping the residents safe, we must also give them privacy. That is why it is important to use devices such as curtains/separators not only during bathing procedures, but in any care that involves privacy. Such things may include exposing resident’s private parts to other people.
Observing Skin Condition During Bathing
Being observant to client’s skin condition can prevent possible infections and skin breaks. As we all know even a simple scratch may become an entrance wound for harmful germs.
The fact that these disease causing germs or microorganisms may thrive in warm and wet areas shows us that wet armpits, buttocks and any other parts of the body that has folds and creases must be properly dried with a towel.
Simple signs of pain, redness, swelling and even small blisters should be noted and reported to licensed nurses as early as possible.
Keep in mind however, that it is the responsibility of the licensed nurse not you to apply the remedies, medications or any kind of products to be applied that are prescribed by the doctors.
Pressure Ulcers And Bed Sores
Pressure ulcers also known as decubitus ulcer or bed sores, are sores that are caused by constant or lengthened pressure in body parts that blocks the blood circulation and cause a skin break and then a bed sore. It can be found in different parts of the body especially those parts which are bony such as the hip, the elbow, shoulder, spine, the buttocks and even the side of the head.
Bed sores can sometimes be misleading since they may be acquired outside the bed such as prolonged sitting. Elderly residents, especially the ones with disabilities, are of higher risks of having pressure ulcers.
Pressure ulcers cause residents complications and sorrow because they are very painful and do not heal easily. If not treated properly, they tend to worsen and get bigger. That is why it is important for the health care team and CNAs to follow the facility’s protocol regarding giving care and treatment to those residents who are already experiencing bedsores.
Of course the best approach to pressure ulcers is to prevent residents from getting them in the first place. The rule in preventing bedsores is making sure that the areas where possible pressure is eminent like bony prominences, the pressure is not prolonged.
This includes turning residents that have difficulty in movement to sides with regular intervals, keeping residents comfortable by re-positioning them, using protective devices and giving them the right nourishment.
The Right Order of Bathing
When giving personal care such like giving a bath or grooming residents, it is important to understand the principles of PC, in order to implement measures of safety and prevent accidents.
When bathing the elderly, lukewarm water must be used along with mild soap so that they will not have skin allergies.
Proper cleaning of body parts should be done in the right order as well. You should start the procedure from the cleanest part of the body to the dirtiest. This means starting from head and moving gradually down to the feet.
When bed bath is performed instead of the usual bathing, change the water as frequent as possible and use wet handle towel and gloves in removing dirt from the skin especially from the reproductive organs and skin folds.
During the bathing procedure, always support residents so they will not slip or fall. Also, be observant and attentive to the resident’s state or position especially if you see signs of weakness, dizziness and fainting so that you can prevent accidents. If this happens, call for assistance of another coworker or nurse without leaving the patient alone.
Prevent contamination in the use of resident’s things such as towels and dispose dirty linens after the procedure is done and the patient is positioned safely.
Record the bathing and grooming procedure and the resident’s reaction after the procedure.The designs from John Bailey, a professional knife thrower, contain more than 40 years of experience. The expert in this area has published countless articles.Author: Jessica Gibson
Series: Blood Ties Novella Series (#2)
Genre: Paranormal/Urban Fantasy
Publisher: Self Published
Release Date: May 2013
Edition/Formats Available In: Ebook
Blurb/Synopsis:?
Book Links
Author Information
.
Other Books by Jessica
Blood Ties Novella Series
Boston Witches
Excerpt night.
Until Next Blog,
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.This is a guest post by our dear friend, Robin Koerner, Founder of the “Art of Political Persuasion“. Learn more about Robin Koerner by going to. He also runs WatchingAmerica.com and he is a British permanent resident of the United States.
***Editor’s Note: Those of you who are long time Liberty First students will recognize the Glorious Revolution as a very important part of the foundation of our Constitution. If you missed that part of our Liberty First training, you can learn more through my book, Not A Living Breathing Document or by scheduling me to teach your group, no speaking fees charged, by contacting me here: . Now Let’s Get Educated!
When the United States began, the tradition in which it was founded was already 762 years old.
As I wrote recently in celebration of this magnificent anniversary, those who would protect freedom in our country badly scupper themselves by their ignorance of history, and there is perhaps no greater obstacle to our understanding of the history that matters than our founding myth.
America was born as a liberty-protecting Republic in opposition to a tyrannical monarchy, so the story goes. While more and more Americans are (thankfully) beginning to see the myriad travesties against our liberty that are being performed by our governing elite as threatening our very identity as a nation that exists to defend natural, unalienable and individual rights, we are all doing very much less well at seeing quite how deeply the founding purpose of our country has been subverted.
Because we “know” that not only are we not a monarchy Constitutionally, but also that our very existence is owed to its denial as a morally decadent institution, we cannot possibly admit the truth about what we have let our country become: America is now a monarchy.
Monarchy has a simple meaning – the “rule of one”. As Alexander Hamilton correctly said, “‘monarch’ is an indefinite term. It marks not either the degree or duration of power”. The fact that our king is elected for four years, then, does not change his status as a monarch.
In America today, the President can sign executive orders such as E.O.. Power only ever drives in one direction.) The Executive has also claimed the authority to strike militarily countries that do not threaten our own, without a supporting vote in the House, and even to kill American citizens without any independent legal process. It also works with its agents, again without the express approval of the people’s representatives or, certainly, the knowledge of the people themselves, to receive by covert means the most private details of our lives..
This year marks the 1,000th anniversary of political liberty..
Im with you. the right of revolution was designed for this purpose and the time is nowBird Series Gift Card - Winter White
Gift Cards + Envelopes - Coral Red, Passion Flower, Pink Petals and Sea Jelly Pink
Mint, Ice, Dogwood Blue + Lime and Lemon Filigree
Recycle Design Envelopes + Cards
Oh, do I have a treat for you today! I know you're excited, fellow-worshippers at the altar of paper... Pray, contain thyselves and be ready for the gorgeousness that is 3 Girls + a Goat stationery. Luscious paper stock that has been hand printed and embossed, hand constructed and stamped... these are truly beautiful paper goods, lovingly fashioned for maximum impact and enjoyment. Can't you just see these lovelies on your gifts? It's the kind of product that begs to be touched, all those delicious bumps and swirls!
Brisbane architect, Steffen Tuck, is the talented designer and artisan of these goodies. She began making her paper products through a desire to recycle the multitude of magazines around her house - her Recycle Design cards and envelopes are still a main feature of her paper work. From there, she began creating more detailed and crafted gift pieces. The idea behind them came from not wanting to hide a beautiful card in an envelope (cute, hey?)... So, she reversed the order and created beautifully decorated envelopes to carry the simple white cards! So unique and such a fabulous idea, don't you think?Strathpine QLD 4500, AustraliaEmail to
Westfield Strathpine
295 Gympie Road, Strathpine
Open: Mon-Wed,Fri 9am-5:30pm; Thu 9am-9pm; Sat 9am-5pm; Sun 10am-4pm
Paisley Park
Gympie Road, Lawnton
Open: Open 24 hours
Shire Hall - Strathpine
238 Gympie Road, Strathpine
Open: Open daylight hours
Strathpine Railway Station
Station Street, Strathpine
Open: Mon-Fri 5:30am-6:30pm; Sat 7:30am-2:06pm; Sun 8:30am-3:06pm
Kensington Village Shopping Centre
Corner Kensington Way and Sovereign Avenue, Bray Park
Open: Mon-Wed,Fri 9am-5:30pm; Sat 8am-5pm; Sun 9am-6pm; Thu 9am-9pm
Pine Rivers Park
Gympie Road, Strathpine
Open: Open daylight hours
John Davidson Park
Samsonvale Road, Strathpine
Open: Open 24 hours
Lawnton Railway Station
Station Road, Lawnton
Open: Mon-Tue,Thu-Fri 5:30am-12:06pm; Wed 5:30am-10:30am
Leis Park
Leis Parade, Lawnton
Open: Open daylight hours
Bald Hills Railway Station
Bald Hills Road, Bald Hills
Open: Mon-Fri 5:20am-7pm; Sat 7:30am-2:06pm; Sun 8:30am-3:06pm
Wyllie Park
Gympie Road, Petrie
Open: Open daylight hours
Caspian Parade Park
Pallas Parade, Warner
Open:
Sweeney Reserve
Old Dayboro Road, Petrie
Open: Open daylight hours
Petrie Village Shopping Centre
Old Dayboro Road, Petrie
Open: Fri-Wed 8am-5:30pm; Thu 8am-9pm
Petrie Place/School of Arts
Anzac Avenue, Petrie
Open: Open 24 hours
Petrie Railway Station
Station Street, Petrie
Open: Mon-Thu 4:20am-12:06am; Fri 4:20am-1:45pm; Sat 4:45am-1:45am; Sun 4:45am-11:45pm
John Oxley Reserve
2 Ogg Road, Murrumba Downs
Open: Open 24 hours
South Pine Sporting Complex
620 South Pine Road, Brendale
Open: Open variable hours
Tinchi Tamba Wetlands Reserve
Wyampa Road, Bald Hills
Open: Open 24 hours
Bracken Ridge Plaza
Corner Norris & Telegraph Roads, Bracken Ridge.If You Like Magic the Gathering Mmorpgs
Magic the Gathering Mmorpgs can be a ton of fun! Wizard101 also has a lot of exciting Mmorpgs features. Magic the Gathering has interesting Mmorpgs features that have been extremely successful. This game gives players a unique experience with Mmorpgs excitement. Magic the Gathering Mmorpgs lets you experience Magic the Gathering in a whole new way. If you like Magic the Gathering Mmor.October 12, 2010 T&L webinar presented by George Cobb(Mount Holyoke College) and hosted by Leigh Slauson (Capital University)..
Alternate Title:
October 12, 2010 T&L Webinar
Source Code Available:
Source Code Available
Intended User Role:
Learner, Teacher
Material Type:
Statistical Topic:
Yes
Cost:
Free for All
Math Level:It is so nice to have a day at home. I was able to get back to my normal eating routine and also spend some quality time with this handsome fellow. His name is Furry Lewis and he will be 12 this September.
Since I haven't gotten to have my normal breakfast for the past four days, a scrambled egg and a dollop of ricotta was a welcome treat.
Lunch was also a favorite from last week. I have been getting hungrier between meals, so I had 3 ounces of ham and 2.8 ounces of fresh mozzarella. I really did not mean to have that much, but I was finishing up the rest of the container and didn't have any idea it would be 2.8 ounces. I recorded it in MyFitnessPal, and it really was way too much fat. My dietitian at my clinic has only told me to pay attention to calories and protein, but they haven't said anything about fat grams. What have your experiences been with this? What do you keep track of?
Dinner was the best meal of the day. I have been looking forward to this for such a long time. People in the South are crazy about Chick-Fil-A. I'm no exception although I have trouble with their politics. After the whole gay marriage/Chick-Fil-A fiasco last summer, I made a decision that at the end of every calendar year I would add up the amount of money I had spent there and donate it to an LGBT charity of my choice. Damn them and their delicious fowl. Tonight I had an 8 count nugget with buffalo sauce and a small diet lemonade. Not at the same time, of course. I drank the lemonade on the way home (sans straw) before I ate dinner. I have gotten really good about not drinking until an hour and 20 minutes after every meal. I set a timer on my iPhone that tells me when it's okay to begin drinking again.
I'm almost embarrassed to tell you what I did for the rest of the evening. Now I enjoy a good highbrow documentary, but I also enjoy (and by enjoy, I mean LOVE) a trashy Lifetime movie. And how could I resist the world premiere of Anna Nicole? I'm kind of starting to worry about myself. Last Saturday night I watched Jodi Arias: Dirty Little Secret. By the way, have you ever noticed how many Lifetime movies have the word "dirty" in the title? As I was looking through the DirecTV guide today, I noticed there was also one called Dirty Teacher. Oh my.
I also recorded Auntie Mame on Turner Classic to watch later. I've seen it a million times, but I can never get over the set design. It is just gorgeous.
And here it is...today's "dirty" total. ;)According to Sobel (2008) there are 7 play themes – common to children anywhere – any country, any background, any climate or culture, when children have safe free time in nature. Over the past few years I’ve found these to be really helpful when planning activities or setting up an outdoor play space for children. Below is a short summary of each theme.
Making forts and dens
Special places to hide away: home from home in nature, a bridge to the wider world and a place to bond with the natural world, allowing children to feel comfortable in the landscape, connected to it and eventually committed to acting as stewards to it.
The Coombes School has lots of nooks, crannies and little dens throughout its grounds for children to play in.
Playing hunting and gathering games
Fishing, capturing animals, collecting treasures, scouting, climbing, throwing activities, capture the flag, kick the can, hide ‘n’ seek, bushcraft skills. A lot of this is about developing practical skills in a social context.
Shaping small worlds Miniature worlds, etc.
This helps lead onto understanding sustainability. The impact of learning can be monitored, abstract concepts can be made more concrete, e.g. climate change, etc.
Developing friendships with animals
Pick them up, hold them close, care for them, become them: have animal costumes, masks, opportunities to stumble across and find life.
Constructing adventures
Following streams, exploring the world, taking risks! Watch, listen and find out from children what their idea of an adventure is. A super book Adventures in Nature is about adventures undertaken by pre-school children in Verona, Italy. The adventures help children explore their fears and fantasies.
Descending into fantasies
Having an imaginary friend (or several), acting out scenarios with play figures or through becoming these people or creatures, role play, using stories or films to inspire.
Map making, following paths
Way finding activities, figuring out short cuts, developing an awareness of place and one’s existence in the world!
By using these nature play themes, a bottom up approach that builds upon children’s interests happens. For example, think about what children do with and in trees: climb them, build houses in them, read in them, hug, them, make nests with their leaves, ride on their branches, play with dolls in their shade, gaze at the sky through the leaves, smell them, become friends with them.
Nature play is more about the relationships that can be cultivated between children and trees in their own backyards as a precursor to saving the rainforest as they get older, when they can actually do something about it. Talking to trees and hiding in trees precedes saving trees.
This approach is more effective than an adult imposed top-down mind set, e.g. rainforests are disappearing, so let’s teach children about the rainforests so they will save them.
For a more comprehensive explanation and ideas, read the book – Childhood and Nature: Design Principles for Education – David Sobel (2008).
{ 2 trackbacks }Merle Kessler & Joshua Raoul Brody, San Francisco Bay Blues
Pheobe Snow, Rockin' Pneumonia And The Boogie Woogie Flu
Phoebe Snow (1950-2011)
Paul Simon (w/ Pheobe Snow), Gone At Last
Brian Setzer, Go Go Godzilla
from the new album Setzer Goes Instru-MENTAL!
The Bo-Keys, Just Chillin'
from the forthcoming album Got To Get Back!
Eric Bibb, Shavin' Talk
from the forthcoming album Troubadour Live
Jimbo Mathus, Leash My Pony
from the forthcoming album Confederate Buddha
Charley Patton, I Shall Not Be Moved
Bob Dylan, High Water (For Charley Patton)
Ben Waters, Watchin' The River Flow
from the new album Boogie 4 Stu
Earl Thomas, Brown Sugar
Fri-Sat 4/29-30 @ Biscuits and Blues
Ann Peebles, I'll Get Along
Ella Fitzgerald, Baby It's Cold Outside
Ma Rainey, Yonder Come the Blues
CCWF Women's Chorus, None of Us Are Free
from the new documentary film Crime After Crime
Otis Rush, I Can't Quit You Baby
Albert King, Got To Be Some Changes Made
Eddy 'The Chief' Clearwater, They Call Me The Chief
Phil Guy, Stone Crazy
Lefty Dizz, Cloudy Weather
Elizabeth Cotten, Oh Babe It Ain't No Lie
Jimi Hendrix, Drifter's Escape
Johnny Jenkins, Down Along The Cove
Trampled Under Foot, Wrong Side Of The Blues
Dick Dale, Taco Wagon
Paul McCartney, San Francisco Bay BluesFree application, great functions, and good user experience!
Are you looking for a free page flip maker to create flip book from brochure, ebook, catalog, or any other text files which contain interesting contents? If your answer is yes, you are so lucky to be here. Boxoft Free Page Flip Maker is just what you are search for. This flip software is free forever for you, even though we keep the right to raise price for later version.
(3D PageFlip Professional – Create 3D eBook)
(Boxoft PDF to Flipbook: For Windows 2000/2003/XP/Vista/7)
(Boxoft PDF to Flipbook for Mac version: For Mac OS 10.5 or above)Content count31
Joined
Last visited
Days Won1
About Flipside-5
- RankContribution Rank 0
Star Citizen
- RSI HandleFlipside-5
Social
- Steam IDFlipside-5
Discord TA Channel!
Flipside-5 replied to Vindicare's topic in General Questions & Chat/signed
For Those Who Need Their Space Fix NAO...
Flipside-5 replied to Revnik's topic in Off-Topic DiscussionJust finished episode 9, totally hooked. This show is awesome!
PSA: Alpha Patch 2.1.2 folder to delete
Flipside-5 replied to Hairdew's topic in Persistent UniverseI couldn't find my car keys the other day, deleted my user folder and there they were!
I-War Game trailer (1997)
Flipside-5 posted a topic in Off-Topic DiscussionHey guys, for the younger amongst us and those that maybe never heard of or played the game, the trailer above was for a Space Flight SIM back in the day! This still in my mind is one of the best trailers ever for a game, even though showing its age! This game, the story and how it played is what gets me so excited about what Star Citizen can be! It's a long trailer, but give it a watch, trust me! Flip
GET OVER HERE!!
Flipside-5 replied to Huniken's topic in Off-Topic DiscussionThis has given me THE best idea for a friend's stag do. Mortal Combat/street fighter characters. Of course the stag will be a woman character
So....what ship do you have?
Flipside-5 replied to JCvenny's topic in Ship and Equipment DiscussionMy fleet including ship names! Sabre - Lucifer's Shadow Vanguard - Nyctophobia (fear of darkness) Freelancer MIS - Tears of Gaia Super Hornet - Galatea 325a changing to a Xi'an Scout named Sgian Dubh (scottish ceremonial dagger) Avenger - Agoraphobia (fear of large spaces)
Ran out of ammo? Don't despair!!
Flipside-5 replied to Flipside-5's topic in Arena CommanderIf you need a pilot I will put my name forward as someone who will take the seat if needed! I have applied to the military and have yet to find my role in there yet. However I do plan on being a balls to the wall fighter pilot and hopefully having a squadron of my own to lead. If I am not out front flying escort for you and command allow me position as a capital pilot then I will gladly pilot your Idris! I appreciate you offering me such a position on something so magnificent Flip
Huniken reacted to a post in a topic: Ran out of ammo? Don't despair!!
Ran out of ammo? Don't despair!!
Flipside-5 posted a topic in Arena CommanderHi guys, Thought I would share my experience with you which may help if anyone gets in a similar situation! Up until last night I had some pretty bad luck with Arena Commander crashing me out on Vanduul Swarm high waves (the 17th was painful) therefore not being able to complete it. Imagine my despair at hitting wave 18, half way through my wingman dies leaving me with little ammo and 3 elites left.... 3 rounds in each gun wasn't enough to kill even one of them so I decided to pick the biggest asteroid and circle it and try and get them to smash into it and suicide! IT WORKED!! WAVE 18 COMPLETE! All 3 of them over a period of 5 minutes hit enough asteroids to suicide, so do not give up!
Von_Reinthaler reacted to a post in a topic: For Those Who Need Their Space Fix NAO...
For Those Who Need Their Space Fix NAO...
Flipside-5 replied to Revnik's topic in Off-Topic DiscussionJust checked out a few trailers for it, looks pretty decent! It's a long time since there's been a decent sci-fi series!
- Daaamn they fast!
- Apparently f is being tested/built!Representative Cases for Rail, Bus and Other Transportation Litigation
LCBF handles a wide variety of transportation claims for clients across the country. Since the firm was founded, national, shortline and commuter railroads have engaged us to defend them in state and federal court jurisdictions throughout the United States. They recognize LCBF as resourceful advocates for their organizations, and rely on us not just for our trial and appellate expertise, but also our judgment and experience in dealing with federal and state regulators.
The thousands of cases we have undertaken include:
- Federal Employers' Liability Act (single trauma and occupational exposures)
- passenger injuries
- derailments
- crossing accidents
- trespasser claims
- contractors' claims.
As national counsel for one of our railroad clients, we oversee and also individually defend cases alleging occupational exposures to asbestos, silica, diesel fuel and exhaust, benzene, noise, mold, second-hand smoke, and other chemical and toxic substances, as well as to cumulative trauma/repetitive stress.
Other matters we handle for our railroad transportation clients cover:
- employment discrimination
- commercial litigation
- contract and indemnity disputes
- property damage
- civil rights
- constitutional claims alleging First and Fourth Amendment violations
- regulatory compliance
- passenger and employee claims under the ADA.
We also regularly defend bodily injury and property damage claims on behalf of commercial and school busing companies, commercial trucking companies and national and international companies with their own trucking fleets.
In addition, we have successfully defended bus companies against claims of physical, verbal and sexual abuse and assaults, including sensitive claims brought on behalf of children and disabled persons.
Partnering with our clients, we have developed deep understandings of their particular industries and practices. We provide our clients with individually tailored advice to limit future limitation risks.
Back to Rail, Bus and Other Transportation Litigation
Welsh v. Amtrak (Philadelphia Court of Common Pleas) (affirming summary judgment dismissing two FELA claims alleging injuries to shoulder, requiring arthroscopy, and back/neck, requiring a cervical decompression and fusion)
In Re: Amtrak Train Derailment in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, On May 12, 2015 (firm negotiated a $265 million global resolution on behalf of Amtrak with the Plaintiffs’ Management Committee in MDL arising from derailment, which generated over 120 lawsuits on behalf of more than 150 passengers who suffered injuries and the families of passengers who died in the accident; on October 27, 2016, U.S. District Judge Legrome Davis approved the settlement program)
National Railroad Passenger Corp. v. John Davis Trucking Company (D.Nev.) (four-week jury trial in Reno, Nevada resulting in recovery of almost $5 million for Amtrak and Union Pacific Railroad for damages to equipment and for expenses arising from a 2011 crossing collision in Lovelock, Nevada, which resulted in six fatalities and several serious personal injuries; trucking company found 100% at fault))
Vega-Santana v Amtrak, (S.D.N.Y.) (dismissing personal injury claim by an author, who contended that she fell on an escalator and suffered a fractured distal radius and traumatically induced arthritis that prevented her from writing)
Sadek v. Greyhound, No. 108589/07 (Sup. Ct. N.Y. Co. 2011) (As a result of a successful Frye hearing during trial, precluded plaintiff from proceeding to the jury with respect to claims he suffered a stroke as a result of bus accident; subsequently, plaintiff, who had demanded $10 million to settle case, dismissed his orthopedic claims, including claim that he required back surgery, to pursue appeal)
Pinsky v. Amtrak, No. 3-0050-10-032 (Court of Common Pleas, Philadelphia, PA 2011) (granting summary judgment dismissing claims by railroad’s former medical director who asserted claims for negligent infliction of emotional distress under the FELA arising from allegations of workplace harassment and a verbal altercation that culminated in the termination of the plaintiff))
Lennon v. Metro-North Commuter Railroad, No. 102753/05 (Sup. Ct. N. Y. Co. 2010) (jury returned a net verdict of $226,000, where plaintiff had demanded $2 million for FELA suit that, while walking between cars of a moving train, her arm became trapped in a door, causing reflex sympathetic dystrophy that prevented her from returning to work and required implantation of a spinal cord stimulator and opiates for pain alleviation)
Hepburn v. LIRR, No. 04-cv-4194 (E.D.N.Y.)
American Home Assurance Co. v. Hapag Lloyd Container Line, 446 F.3d 313 (2d Cir. 2006) (rail carrier was employed by primary carrier and thus entitled to limitation of liability protections of Himalaya Clause)/01  Ward v. CSX Transportation, Inc., which was brought in Supreme Court, Bronx County, LCBF successfully moved for summary judgment dismissing all of the claims asserted against Union Pacific. Plaintiff contended that, while unloading a railroad boxcar, he was crushed by cascading boxes of produce and suffered several herniated discs requiring a spinal fusion. Union Pacific allegedly provided a defectively equipped boxcar, which allowed the freight to collapse, and improperly loaded and inspected the boxcar. LCBF established that the boxcar was not defective, and the railroad was not responsible for loading or inspecting the loaded boxcar. Ron Joseph led the LCBF team
Back to Rail, Bus and Other Transportation Litigation
© 2012 by Landman Corsi Ballaine & Ford P.C.Leaders' TV debate: Cameron and Clegg coalition crumbles in clash that failed to produce a clear winner
The Coalition came to an acrimonious end last night%. Nigel Farage, the Ukip leader, came second on 20%, ahead of Mr Cameron on 18%. Ed Miliband was fourth on 15%, followed by Mr Clegg (10%), Natalie Bennett of the Greens (5%) and Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood (4%).
Other post-debate surveys produced a different verdict. ICM for The Guardian gave Mr Miliband a narrow win over Mr Cameron (by 25 to 24%). But ComRes for ITV News made it a three-way tie between Mr Cameron, Mr Miliband and Mr Farage.
The Tories claimed Mr Cameron was "in control" but Labour insisted he was "virtually silent" and could not defend his record.."
Belfast Telegraph
Related Content
- Leaders' debate: no clear winner in General Election TV showdown
- General Election: Leaders debate goes ahead without DUP
- Blackout is hard to stomach: Eamonn HolmesBob Saltz Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation
The Solution
In the case of our RCT, the intervention consists of implementing a set of evidence-based community-level interventions such as: ensuring that alcohol is not sold to underage drinkers and that alcohol-impaired driving laws are actually enforced.
DoView visual models are used to clearly communicate to the treatment sites the types of community-level interventions that evidence supports. The specific community sites in which the treatment is being implemented can then amend the DoView visual model to show the details of exactly how they're going to implement the strategies within the setting of their particular community.'
The Problem
We're using DoView for an RCT looking at preventing alcohol-related problems in the community.'
Pacific Institute for Research and Evaluation PIRE
The Benefits
Secondly, they let the different settings in which a treatment is being implemented quickly specify the details of how they are going to implement it. They also are ideal for providing a permanent and quickly accessible picture documenting what the intervention actually looked like within each treatment setting.
. . . '
DoView solves problems in implementing randomized controlled trials (RCTs).
Have you ever?
- Had problems rapidly communicating was an intervention will actually consist of?
- Needed to ensure that different treatment sites were all implementing similar interventions?
- Wanted to quickly communicate to funders exactly what an intervention consists of?
- Needed a way of including in your RCT documentation a quick visual summary of what an intervention looked like?
DoView - Life's short. Do it visual. Do it faster.To make sure your child is ready for the concept of fractions, it is important they know number basics! They should know how to count and do basic single digit addition.
To introduce fractions to my daughter, I would make pancakes and cut one in half. I would show her how two halves make one whole. I did the same with her shoes, or a piece of chocolate that I would share with her.
Whenever we ordered pizza, I would count the slices. If the pizza had 8 slices, I would say that I am going to eat one, so I am eating one of 8 slices.
I didn't use the more formal terms, such as "one eight" because it was more important for her to grasp the concept first.
To help bring the message home, I made my daughter these fun fraction cards!
I made these cards out of regular construction paper. They are simple and my daughter really enjoys them.
We play "restaurant" and I "order" 1/3 of something, or 1/6, and she has to find the right pieces and tell me how many pieces she has left, so she is also subtracting fractions.So, my drugs which are helping keep my nausea at bay are making me constipated. The drugs are not completly getting rid of my nausea & vomiting, but instead of feeling 75-100% nauseaous all the time, I usually feel 10-25%. So, much improvement. Although, the meds effects wear off as the day goes on and I have been taking a 2nd pill every other day.
I am still vomiting about every other day (there is no correlation to the amount of med I take.)
And fatigue is still a huge issue. I would say I am at 50-75% fatigue level at any given moment.
Now, I have constipation to contend with. I called the doc to ask what "non-medicine things I can take to help with that." Her nurse called back to tell me the doc recommended 400 mg of Colace, which is a stool softener & considered "medicine" in my book. I was looking for food or beverage recommendations, like eat prunes or drink apple juice, etc. It annoys me that doctors have to go to medicine right away. But I want to be delivered by a doctor in a hospital in case something does happen. And I didn't see any midwives on staff at this clinic we have to go to.
Anyways, I searched online about zofran & constipation and is if VERY common. I don't like prune juice and know there is no eay I could stomach it now at all. So, I am going to try an apple-cranberry blend of 100% juice. A mom (online) who had the same issue solved it by drinking a couple glasses of 100% cranberry juice, which I don't think I would like. Cranberry juice by itself is very bitter. But apple juice is notorius for causing diarrhea. You see it all the time in kids who drink too much of it. So, that is what I am going to try.
Also, can't stand any pressure on my stomach. Pants have to be pretty much falling off of me. And I realy don't like anything thta goes over my stomach. I will have to look when this went away with Isabel. I think it was around the same time the nausea went away and I was really starting to pop out.
And I get completly annoyed by excess noises, like the exhause fan in the bathroom or the vent fan in the kitchen. I keep the radio turned off in the car.
And smells really bother me. I am afraid to go to the supermarket sometimes because of all the smells. And I swore Wal-Mart smelled like dirty sweat socks when I picked up my meds last week. I tried really hard to breathe through my mouth only. And I have been avoiding the weekly playgroup at McD's because I am afraid of the over abundance of powerful smells. But the worst is helping Isabel in the bathroom. She does NOT smell like roses. And a 2 1/2 year old doesn't have the motor skills to wipe their butt properly after a bm and then there are times that she just doesn't want you to leave the bathroom. When daddy is home, I am lucky enough to get out of bm bathroom duty (he is not so lucky), but that only seems to happen about half the time.
I keep telling daddy that this is the last kid. He thinks he's funny& tells me I have to have 3 more, that he wants five. In reality, he would probably leave me if I had five (so there better not be 4 kids in there.)Why Protected DVD can not be converted?
Article Number: 3 | Rating: 1/5 from 3 votes | Last Updated: Tue, Jul 14, 2015 9:30 AM
Please be aware that Movavi programs do not support the protected DVD.
Disclaimer
You may use Movavi software to copy, rip or convert CD/DVD.
However, you can use DVD43 as a free decrypter to decrypt (unlock) a DVD or the trial version of Any DVD program.Veronicas Bakery and Cafe has been serving DC, Maryland and Virginia for the past 10 years! We specialize in food and pastries from El Salvador and Latin America.
We offer our clients great service in a happy pleasant environment.
We serve breakfast as early as 5:30 a.m., as well as lunch and dinner. But we are mostly known and recognized by our delicious varieties of pastries and cakes!
Veronicas Bakery and Cafe can cater any event– as well as create delicious and elegant cakes for special occasions, such as Birthdays, Quinces, Graduations, Baby Showers, Anniversaries, and Weddings!
Come and visit us at any for our 4 different locations…
48total visits,1visits todayComputer Science & Engineering →VLSI Lab →List Of Experiments
Schematic Design Of Pass Transistor Logic & Multiplexer.
Transmission gates are used in digital circuits to pass or block particular signal from the components. In transmission gates, NMOS and PMOS are parallel connected to each other. Schematic representation of transmission gate and its circuit symbol are shown below.
In the transmission gates the input to the gate acts as the controlling input and depending on the value of control variable, the input at the source end of transistor appears at the drain end or in other words the control variable controls a transmission gate to which pass variables are applied. In figure shown above A is the control signal.
Pass transistor logic is an efficient alternative to Complementary CMOS logic design because of following reasons:
1. Decreased node capacitance .
2. Reduced transistor count required to implement a logic function.
3. Due to the low voltage swing pass transistors require lower switching energy to charge up the node.
4. Better speed .
5. Low power design.
6. No static power consumption .
Applications of Transmission Gate:
1. Transmission gates are typically used as building blocks for logic circuitry, such as a D Latch or D Flip-Flop.
2. Transmission gates are basic building block for multiplexer.
3. Transmission gates can be used for blocking particular component from live signal.
Multiplexer
Multiplexer or MUX, which is also known as data selector, is a combinational circuit with multiple input and single output. At a time a single input is selected and given as output based on select signal.
A multiplexer selects binary information present on any one on the input line, depending upon logic status of the selection inputs and routes to the output line. If there are n selection line then number of possible routes input lines is 2n and then multiplexer is referred as a 2n x 1 multiplexer.
Advantages of Multiplexer based on pass transistor:
1. Pass transistor multiplexer uses fewer transistors as compared to fully complementary gates.
2. Pass transistor is somewhat faster than complementary switch.On the eve of an eclipse, Felix overbooks the White Sands Hotel and brings the guests to lodge at King farm to repay lost raffle funds.
Writer: Heather Conkie
Director: William Brayne
With: Catherine Fitch as Selina Dale, Ian D. Clark as Simon Tremayne, Frank Pellegrino as Proffessor Rizelli and Carolyn Hetherington as Mrs. Sandborn-Ellis
Original CBC Airdate: February 25, 1996
Time Frame: Late fall 1911
Highlights/Analysis
Felix has ambitions of becoming an assistant manager of the hotel, but Simon informs him that he needs more experience. The hotel becomes swamped with visitors who have come to the island to see an eclipse. Felix brags to Elbert about having the house all to himself and that his family will be out of town.
Janet entrusts church raffle money with Cecily. Cecily and Izzy encounter a skunk and have to burn their clothes. Cecily accidently burns the raffle money and must rely on Felix to find a way to restore the funds.
Felix begins to overbook the hotel in a scheme to bring visitors to King farm for boarding and to acquire the money necessary to repay the charity funds. The visitors become a hassle for Eliza and Cecily, who are stuck entertaining them. It's great how Eliza is willing to go along with Felix and Cecily's plans.
The interaction between Eliza and Mrs. Sandborn Ellis is also hilarious. While Eliza is prying in on a conversation, Ellis harasses her about fetching tea. Eliza pretends to be stone deaf (A great allusion to Proof of the Pudding) which causes a frustrated reaction from Ellis. Immediately after Ellis closes her door, Eliza resumes her prying.
Izzy and Cecily become upset with Felix after they discover that he lied to Simon Tremayne about the White Sands booking. Cecily's fierce disapproval is somewhat hypocritical, considering that she was also being deceptive by allowing visitors to stay at King farm without her parents consent.
Janet returns home and is shocked with all the visitors. She scorns Felix and Cecily about the ordeal but forgives them when the siblings stick up for each other and take responsibility for their actions.
Criticism
There was already an eclipse in the episode Vows of Silence which drew very little interest. It's really questionable why there would be so many people flocking to see the eclipse in the current episode while there was relatively little interest in the eclipse from 'Vows of Silence.'
Selena Dale becomes even more obnoxious in her bizarre relationship with a visiting professor, who is about as flat as the professor from Gilligan's Island.
Rhetorical Questions
Where was the professor keeping his white mice? In his suit case?
How funny was it when Cecily and Izzy got sprayed by that skunk?
Didn't Felix's attitude with having a house all to himself remind you of Tom Cruise in Risky Business?
How did Jasper know to send enough pinhole projectors for the Amature Astronomers League of Munich?
Memorable Quotes
"This whole week is going to be one long bachelor party." -Felix
"You know Cecily, sometimes I don't even think we're related." -Felix King (after Cecily tells him that she doesn't care about the money)
"No one needs to be in a great rush to get old. It's highly overrated." -Eliza Ward
Sap Meter: 1
Eliza telling the professor that he knows nothing in the way of the heart.
Notes
(1) Alec was in Halifax, although there was no explanation what he was doing there.
Grade: B
Please, no more Selena.
Login to post a comment
Post comment as a guestIf You Like Ash Ketchum Game card
Ash Ketchum Game card can be a ton of fun! Wizard101 also has a lot of great Game card features. Ash Ketchum has interesting Game card features that have been extremely successful. This game gives players a unique experience with Game card excitement. Ash Ketchum Game card lets you experience Ash Ketchum in a whole new way. If you like Ash Ketchum.Strategic Management of Intellectual Capital & Organizational Knowledge
Preface
Strategy. This book adopts a knowledge-based perspective that sees the firm as a repository of knowledge resources and capabilities. The firm's knowledge base. To what extent the firm actually appropriates rents depends on how effective it is at combining knowledge and capabilities in configurations that deliver value to its market or community. Knowledge is cumulative, so that the more that the firm knows, the more that it can apply what it knows to new areas of opportunity. Unlike traditional products, knowledge-based products and services can enjoy increasing returns, so the firm developing an early advantage has a better chance at growing market share through network externalities and customer familiarity effects.
The primary rationale of organizations is thus the creation and deployment of knowledge. Performance differences between organizations then are a result of their different stocks of knowledge and their differing capabilities in developing and deploying knowledge. Knowledge and competence have become the primary drivers of competitive advantage in advanced nations.
The field of intellectual capital poses special challenges. It has no legacy, few world-renowned researchers, and a modest literature. Defining its research agenda becomes a challenge. To complicate matters, intellectual capital is conceptualized from numerous disciplines resulting in a mosaic of perspectives. Thus, accountants are interested in how to measure it on the balance sheet; information technologists want to codify it in systems; sociologists want to balance power with it; psychologists want to develop minds because of it; human resource managers want to calculate a return on it; and training and development officers want to make sure that they can build it.
Purpose and Approach
The objective of the book is to bring together a balanced selection of core concepts as well as new perspectives that collectively articulate a knowledge-based view of strategy management. Three basic questions thread the discourse: How do organizations create knowledge and intellectual capital? How can organizations manage the accumulation and flow of knowledge and intellectual capital to sustain competitive advantage? What conceptual principles and action levers constitute a knowledge-based strategy of the firm?
Contributors from 10 countries are represented in this collection: Britain, Canada, Finland, France, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, and the United States. Each author is recognized to have completed important work in this field, and several individuals contributions are seminal in defining the scope and direction of knowledge and intellectual capital management.
As editors, we resisted the temptation of specifying a formal framework beforehand, and instead invited contributors to write on what they believe would belong in a collection that seeks to define a knowledge-based view of strategy management. We welcomed divergent perspectives, and did not attempt to guide the content of papers into pre-selected schools or points of view. After all the papers were received, we searched for unifying themes as well as interesting tensions, and present them in the Introduction chapter.
Overview of the Topics
This book contains 41 chapters written by a total of 68 authors. Of the 41 chapters, 27 are original papers. A significant number of papers are collaborations between academics and practitioners. Of the 14 reprint chapters, 8 are accompanied by new commentaries from the authors. Several of the commentaries are substantial works in themselves and extend the original arguments significantly. While the majority of chapters are aimed at theory building, a good number are focused on application and practice.
The book is divided into seven sections on: Knowledge in Organizations; Knowledge-based Perspectives of the Firm; Knowledge Strategy; Knowledge Strategy in Practice; Knowledge Creation; Knowledge Across Boundaries; Organizational Learning; and Managing Intellectual Capital.
Section 1: Knowledge in Organizations
Knowledge in organizations is not monolithic nor homogenous, but is developed from different origins and engaged in different modes. Thus, there is knowledge consisting of what the organization believes about its identity and purpose, its capabilities, and its environment. There is knowledge embedded in the physical goods the organization produces and in the rules and routines that the organization develops. There is knowledge possessed by individuals and groups derived from experience, skillful practice, and personal or collective insight. Because tacit knowledge is uniquely embodied in practice and cannot be easily codified or imitated, it is generally perceived as a vital source of sustainable advantage. Explicit knowledge, on the other hand, is transferable, but this diffusibility can be yet another source of strategic advantage when organizations are seeking to standardize platforms, accelerate development of complementary products, or collaborate with other knowledge-rich organizations.
Section 2: Knowledge-based Perspectives of the Firm
A defining competitive feature of any organization will be its capacity to develop and apply new and existing knowledge to generate economic rent and social value. In strategy management, the dilemma is often stark: for the same reasons that competitors cannot replicate the firms knowledge, so the firm itself may not be able to exploit that same knowledge effectively. A knowledge-based theory of the firm differs from previous theories in that it must grasp the implications of managing invisible assets which behave both as resources and as processes (Itami 1987). A number of contributors in this volume have noted that standard economic theory does not cover the management of knowledge, intellectual capital, and organizational learning adequately or appropriately (see for example the chapters by von Krogh and Grand, and Huizing and Bouman). Spender and Grant (1996) observe that "the knowledge-based theory of the firm is a paradigmatic gateway, the point in the evolution of our field where we abandon the older concept of a theory as a blueprint for creating the firm, and move towards a more agricultural notion of management as the intervention in and husbandry of the natural knowledge-creating processes of both individuals and collectivities." (p. 9) A knowledge-based theory of the firm suggests that the boundaries and governance structure of the firm are determined not only by the considerations of lowering transaction costs, but also by the value to be derived from the deployment of its knowledge resources and capabilities.
Section 3: Knowledge Strategy
An organization linking knowledge to strategy needs to balance a number of inherent tensions. Knowledge that is most unique to an organization is the tacit knowledge of its individuals and groups. An organization must assess the benefit of codifying this knowledge to facilitate sharing and operationalization against the risk of increasing its mobility and likelihood of being appropriated. Most organizations face the question of how to maximize the transfer and absorption of knowledge internally while controlling and directing the diffusion of that knowledge externally. Thus, Kogut and Zander (1992) wrote that "the central competitive dimension of what firms know how to do is to create and transfer knowledge efficiently within an organizational context." (p. 383) Recent research suggests a number of complementary approaches in formulating knowledge strategy. Bierly and Chakrabarti (1996) identify four generic knowledge strategy groups "Explorers," "Exploiters," "Loners," and "Innovators" and observed that at least in the US pharmaceutical industry, firms in the "Innovator" and "Explorer" groups tended to be more profitable. Zack (1999, also this volume) suggests a gap analysis that compares an organizations strategic gap (between what a firm must do and what it can do) with its knowledge gap (between what a firm must know to execute its strategy and what it does know). Supporting the theory building is an expanding body of empirical research that scrutinizes the execution of knowledge strategies in industries such as biotechnology, financial services, pharmaceuticals, and semiconductors (see chapters in this volume).
Section 4: Knowledge Strategy in Practice
The firm implementing a knowledge-based strategy faces daunting challenges. New knowledge is created by individuals but this personal knowledge needs to be shared with others in the organization. Knowledge gained in one context has to be transferred and made usable in another process or problem. Knowledge-intensive organizations find it necessary to maintain a high degree of strategic flexibility: to be able to pursue multiple conflicting goals simultaneously, and to be prepared to act on options that reveal themselves as the firm increases its learning and experience. An important focus of the knowledge strategy discussion is on new product development. In their chapter, Helfat and Raubitschek show that knowledge, capabilities and products co-evolve together, generating strategic opportunities for linking products within and across chains. Knott's chapter attributes product development of a successful model at Toyota to a knowledge strategy that embraced both the creation of new knowledge and the exploitation of existing knowledge. Barabba, Pourdehnad and Ackoff introduce a systems approach to knowledge management, and describe the design of a decision-support learning system in General Motors that tracks significant decisions, assumptions and outcomes.
Section 5: Knowledge Creation
One of the best known and most influential models in the knowledge strategy literature is the knowledge creation model developed by Nonaka and Takeuchi (1995). The model is concerned with how organizations create new knowledge rather than how individuals create knowledge. Organizations create knowledge by converting tacit knowledge into explicit knowledge. At the core of the framework is the interaction between tacit and explicit knowledge through a continuously expanding cycle of processes that involve socialization, externalization, combination, and internalization of the organization's knowledge. Subsequent extensions to the model include the concept of "Ba" or a shared context for knowledge creation; a taxonomy for classifying a firm's knowledge assets into experiential, conceptual, systemic, and routine knowledge categories; and the role of knowledge leadership in establishing conditions conducive to knowledge creation. The knowledge creation model provides the intellectual scaffolding for a growing number of empirical and theoretical studies in strategic knowledge management.
Section 6: Knowledge Across Boundaries
An increasingly important strategy for organizations to add depth to their capabilities is to acquire knowledge from outside the organization's boundaries. Unfortunately, knowledge transferred is not the same as knowledge assimilated or applied. The outcome of the transfer is moderated by the embeddedness of the knowledge, and the capacity of the firm to absorb the knowledge. Thus, capability differences between organizations will influence the occurrence, direction and result of the transfer of knowledge. The empirical study of US nursing homes by Mitchell, Baum et al (this volume) found that transfer learning was both constrained and facilitated by the level and similarity of capabilities in component units and their chains. The capacity to absorb knowledge extends beyond pre-existing technical knowledge to organizational and social conditions. These would include organizational and alliance structures, the degree of trust between partner firms, and the extent that norms and practices support knowledge sharing. Ciborra and Andreu observe in their chapter that web-based organizational arrangements such as open source software development communities seem to challenge many conventional notions about coordination and governance, opportunism and free riding, and intellectual property rights protection.
Section 7: Managing Intellectual Capital.
The idea of intellectual capital surfaced from the dialogue between researchers and practitioners seeking a more complete representation of the visible and invisible assets and processes that constitute a firms capacity to create value (Bontis, 1999a). Conceptually, intellectual capital consists of human capital and structural capital. Human capital is a function of the competence, intellectual agility, and attitudes of the organizations members. Structural capital refers to the learning and knowledge that is enacted in processes (process capital); knowledge that is codified as documents, objects, and intellectual property (intellectual assets); and the reputation and relationships the organization has developed over time with customers and partners (relationship capital). Roos et al (1998) observe the distinction between intellectual capital (IC) and organizational knowledge as follows: "While knowledge is a part of IC, IC is much more than just knowledge. Brands and trademarks as well as the management of relations with external parties (trade distributors, allies, customers, local communities, stakeholders in general and the like) are all dimensions of value creation." (p. 24) The strategic management of intellectual capital is not only concerned with the identification and measurement of stocks of organizational knowledge, but also with the control and alignment of flows of knowledge across organizational levels in order to enhance performance.
The book concludes with an Appendix excerpted from a research report published by The Conference Board in 2000. The Conference Board analyzed data collected by a survey and interviews with a working group of senior executives from 12 global organizations. The report is an insightful look at the practice of knowledge management and organizational learning from the perspective of senior line and staff executives.
Audience
The book is designed to meet the needs of students, faculty, and researchers working in the areas of strategy management and knowledge management. It may be used as a core text or supplement, especially in departments of business policy and strategy within schools of business, and in departments of management information systems. The text would also be useful in schools and departments of information management or information science. The material in this book would be of significant interest to the growing numbers of managers, professionals and practitioners who are leading, designing, or executing knowledge strategies in their organizations.
Acknowledgments
This book is the outcome of the generous knowledge sharing of the 68 authors who took part in this project. We are deeply indebted to each and every contributor who have created original papers for the volume. We salute the authors of the reprinted papers for laying the foundation. We are grateful to Professor Ikujiro Nonaka for writing the Foreword, and Professor Henry Mintzberg for suggesting the idea of adapting a chapter from the Strategy Safari book. We are grateful to the two reviewers who read the lengthy manuscript and provided helpful suggestions.
Katherine Young and John King, both graduate students of the Faculty of Information Studies at the University of Toronto, assisted with the preparation of the book. Over the years, interactions with students of the classes we teach at the University of Toronto and McMaster University have helped to sharpen some of the ideas presented here. The FIS Inforum library staff redefined customer service in responding to our requests. Finally, a special note of appreciation goes to the editors at Oxford University Press in New York. Kenneth MacLeod first approached one of us with the idea for this volume and advised the project through much of its duration. Martha Cooley joined the project later but became effective very quickly in steering the project to completion. Paul Donnelly, the executive editor, guided the project during a transition period.
The intellectual breadth and diversity of this collection point to the energy and momentum driving this work. If we mark the beginning of this research near the beginning of the 1990s, we are at a stage where reflection and synthesis of what we have learned so far will enrich the practice and inquiry of both strategy management and knowledge management. Our hope is that the book would make a contribution to our understanding of the link between strategy, knowledge and intellectual capital, for there could be no more appropriate way to express our gratitude to the many colleagues and friends who took part in this enterprise.
Spring 2001
References
Bierly, Paul, and Alok Chakrabarti. 1996. Generic Knowledge Strategies in the US Pharmaceutical Industry. Strategic Management Journal 17 (Winter Special Issue):123-135.
de Geus, Arie P. 1988. Planning as Learning. Harvard Business Review 66 (2):70-74.
Itami, Hiroyuki. 1987. Mobilizing Invisible Assets. Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press.
Kogut, Bruce, and Udo Zander. 1992. Knowledge of the Firm, Combinative Capabilities, and the Replication of Technology. Organization Science 3 (3):383-397.
Roos, Johan, Goran Roos, and Nicola Carlo Dragonetti. 1998. Intellectual Capital: Navigating in the New Business Landscape. New York: New York University Press.
Spender, J. C., and R. M. Grant. 1996. Knowledge and the Firm: Overview. Strategic Management Journal 17 (Special Issue):5-10.
Zack, Michael H. 1999. Developing a Knowledge Strategy. California Management Review 41 (3):125-145.Josh Womack Cool Spinning Bat Tricks
Josh Womack of the Tuscan Toros shows off some of his sick bat spinning tricks. In this 2 minute video, Womack does a variety of different bat spins. This is an excellent video to watch if you are curious what professional baseball players do in their spare time. You might even be able to learn some new tricks that you can try out yourself!
Read the full article here:
Josh Womack Cool Spinning Bat Tricks
Free Video Training Series: Better Hitting in 30 Days!
16 Video lessons Including, the cheat method for tee work, 6 common swing flaws & 7 drills to fix them.
We hate spam just as much as youKit. Found out our ceiling mirroring the building for analytics personalized content and they want to new ceiling tile on thousands of finish true or false ceiling tile on premier mounts and they want to 20in may whats the ceiling front rear uhe w hour economy mode hour economy mode hour normal mode hour economy mode hour economy mode hour economy mode but false ceiling support system am see aug i see pricing info deals on standard 2×2 or false so we take purchase orders and raise the grid system am see httpourphilippinehouseprojectceilingsupport. False ceiling 16*10, gypsum board false ceiling.More : false ceiling 16*10- Jesus Calling: 365 Devotions for Kids: Deluxe EditionSarah YoungThomas Nelson / 2013 / Hardcover$7.99 Retail:4.5 Stars Out Of 5 6 Reviews
$19.99Save 60% ($12.00)Availability: In StockStock No: WW323067Video
100%
of customers would recommend this product to a friend.
SORT BY:
SEE:
- GGMA McCMIAge: Over 65Gender: Female4 Stars Out Of 5Book is well done, beautiful presentation.December 13, 2017GGMA McCMIAge: Over 65Gender: FemaleQuality: 0Value: 0Meets Expectations: 0I bought 4 of these for 8 year old great granddaughters. I think it is a little advanced for their reading and comprehension level, but like the book, so am putting them away for a while. When I think they are ready, they will be given. Two of the four are unchurched and live out of state, so they will be reading on their own. I see them once a year, so sow seeds when an opportunity presents itself. They all like to read.
- Shell5 Stars Out Of 5Devotional for KidsJanuary 17, 2017ShellQuality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5We discovered this devotional at a home school group meeting. I purchased one for my kids after seeing how interested they were in the book. This book can be used for younger kids like mine (5 & 7) or older kids to dig deeper.
- Mother of 35 Stars Out Of 5GiftNovember 2, 2016Mother of 3Quality: 5Value: 5Meets Expectations: 5This is a Christmas gift for my daughter. Amazing quality for the price and shipping was on time. I read through several pages and love how it has scriptures to read from your bible, and can see it to be very encouraging for her.
-Model Number:
Brand: Brand
Age: Less than 1 year
Model Number: WFW9400SW01
Brand: Whirlpool
Age: 6-10 years
Whirlpool Duet front loading washing machine has been working flawlessly for about 7 years. Three growing boys means daily use.
Recently the spin cycle has developed a noise that sounds like a jet engine when it's spinning at speed.
I assume there are bearings that can be replaced.
Any guidance would be appreciated.
Quick update.....the parts side of this site just told me the entire rear tub has to be replaced to replace the bearings. Anyone do this job? Thoughts?
Thanks....Cajun Shrimp Casserole
Cajun Shrimp Casserole
Recipe By: Alice Morrow
Ingredients
- 2 lbs. large shrimp, leave tails on
- ¼ c. butter
- 1 small red onion, chopped
- ½ c. of each color bell pepper (red, yellow, orange, green)
- 2 T. minced garlic
- 2 c. fresh or frozen sliced okra, optional
- 1 T. fresh lemon juice
- 2 links of smoked pork sausage, sliced
- 2 t. salt
- 1 (10 ¾ oz.) can cream of shrimp soup
- ½ c. white wine
- 1 T. soy sauce
- Red/black pepper, garlic powder
- 3 c. white or brown rice, cooked
- ½ c. grated parmesan cheese
- 1 bunch green onions, chopped
Instructions
- Melt butter in large skillet. Add onion and bell pepper, sauté until tender.
- Add garlic and cook for another minute.
- Stir in okra, lemon juice and salt. Cook for 3-5 minutes.
- Season shrimp with salt, red/black pepper and garlic powder and add to the skillet. Cook until shrimp are pink.
- Take sliced sausage and place in pot of boiling water. Let cook for about 8 minutes. Drain.
- Add sausage to shrimp and mix.
- Add soup, wine, soy sauce, rice and season to taste. Blend well.
- Pour into lightly greased 11×7” baking dish.
- Sprinkle with parmesan cheese.
- Bake 350 for 15-20 minutes or until casserole is bubbly and cheese is lightly browned.
- Garnish with green onions.
Notes
*****Unbaked casserole can be made 1 day in advance. Cover and refrigerate. Let stand 30 minutes at room temperature before baking.
To freeze unbaked, do not add parmesan cheese, cover tightly and freeze. Defrost in refrigerator and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes before baking.
To freeze unbaked, do not add parmesan cheese, cover tightly and freeze. Defrost in refrigerator and let sit at room temperature 30 minutes before baking.
3.2.2704The serious box bureau underperformances by Justice League and Transformers: The Last Knight) from final year’s $11.3 billion domestic cume, that was an all-time record for North American cinema. However, notwithstanding press claims of disappearing attendance, box bureau slumps, and loss recognition for 3D, a prospects for cinema and 3D continue to be utterly positive, as Legend 3D’s recent moves into China and India demonstrates.
Photo by Mark Hughes
Artists work on 3D acclimatisation during Legend 3D’s Los Angeles headquarters.
I visited Legend 3D’s domicile in Los Angeles, and sat down for on-camera conversations with CEO Aidan Foley and Chief Creative Officer Richard Baker (see videos, below). It was an educational experience, as I’ve prolonged been a 3D enthusiast and argued it’s a absolute and permanent partial of complicated filmmaking, though we honestly had no thought usually how aggressively 3D was holding over a many critical segment for cinema’s future.
Although domestic 3D box bureau profits were off about 8%, to $1.6 billion, foreign ardour for 3D continues to be strong, quite in Asia Pacific region. Construction of new screens deduction during a fast gait internationally, driven by outrageous enlargement in China and other markets in a Asia Pacific region. 3D screens grew 17%, some-more than double a altogether museum enlargement rate, and 3D screens now paint 56% of digital screens worldwide. The Asia Pacific segment is where 3D is many distinguished as a commission of sum screens, representing 78% of digital screens — they have roughly 3 times as many 3D digital screens as we have in a U.S. and Canada.
Source: Graph pleasantness of Legend 3D
China’s melodramatic shade count is expanding rapidly.
A full 98% of screens in China are 3D, and a series of screens there has already upheld a sum found in a United States. China’s ardour for cinema is voracious and growing, and if that country’s approaching standing as a largest box bureau marketplace in a universe seems impressive, cruise these numbers: there are about 14.5 film screens in a USA per 100,000 people; right now, there are reduction than 3 screens per 100,00 people in China, so an boost there to compare a U.S. ratio would lead to a burst from the Middle Kingdom’s stream sum of 40,000 screens to a mind-blowing 140,000 screens. That arrange of outrageous enlargement intensity sum with 3D representing 98% of screens is because China is of such good import for a destiny of companies like Legend 3D and for Hollywood in general.
Source: Chart pleasantness of Legend 3D
China’s box bureau is apropos a powerhouse and will minister to vast enlargement in shade depends and 3D viewing.
Legend 3D’s Foley points to 3 pivotal elements pushing expenditure of 3D worldwide and formulating what he terms a multiplier effect: a increasing series of Hollywood films perspicacious unfamiliar markets, generally in China where a series of available Hollywood releases will boost in entrance years ; the rising series of movies produced in a Asia Pacific market, and in China in sold (where many of their productions now breeze adult among a highest-grossing cinema worldwide any year); a vast commission of screens charity 3D observation (98% in China, for example); and a series of new screens built any day in a Asia Pacific region, with China representing a vast apportionment of a new screens. The approach any of these factors enhances a energy of a other factors, and how they feed one another to exponentially boost viewership and enlargement for 3D cinema, is a multiplier effect.
With Asia Pacific segment being such a outrageous motorist of 3D cinema, as good as a flourishing marketplace share of cinema from that region, it creates clarity Legend 3D would be meddlesome in expanding into that region.
Last October, a association non-stop a new facility at a Suzlon “One Earth” campus in Pune, India. The trickery will yield services not usually for 3D conversion, though also for practical existence production, visible effects work, and animation. Earlier this month, a association announced skeleton to open a facility in China’s Luoyang National University Science Park, in Luoyang City, for work converting Chinese productions into 3D. The trickery will also yield 3D acclimatisation for cinema from other nations as well.
Hollywood has been increasingly reaching out to China and India for all demeanour of partnerships, as unfamiliar box bureau has come to browbeat film opening and as a film industries in those dual powerhouse countries are increasingly robust in a marketplace. Disney for instance has been releasing a vast line-up of calm in India around UTV Motion Pictures and Disney India.
Legend 3D has finished 3D post-conversion on 55 cinema to date, including several large releases this year, such as a LEGO Ninjago Movie, Spider-Man: Homecoming, Thor: Ragnarok, Pirates of a Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, and King Arthur: Legend of a Sword. In total, a films on that Legend 3D has finished post-conversion have amassed roughly $8 billion in domestic box office, some-more than $15 billion in unfamiliar receipts, and $23 billion worldwide, most of it entrance from 3D work on Disney and Marvel cinema in a past several years.
Disney surfaced $7 billion in tellurian box bureau in 2016, and usually upheld $6 billion this year. Legend 3D has worked on during slightest a dozen films in a Disney family of studios (which includes a Disney brand, Marvel Studios, Pixar, and Lucasfilm). This operative attribute has proven very successful, as a studio’s cinema are consistently among a biggest box bureau grossers and are precisely a arrange generating high levels of 3D attendance, so their considerable box bureau totals advantage a lot from aloft sheet prices for 3D. Which, in box it’s not obvious, is a flattering plain illustration for a altogether state of cinema and 3D in general.
The existence of cinema enlargement worldwide (especially the current enlargement in Asia Pacific and a intensity for measureless increases there in a entrance years), sum with a extensive recognition of 3D internationally and generally in a largest rising markets, gives us a glance of what’s to come. When these contribution are noticed alongside a relations strength of 2017’s box bureau notwithstanding a indolent Summer deteriorate and several underperformers, it becomes transparent that by 2025 we’ll be looking during a dramatically opposite — and decidedly flushed — existence for tellurian cinema and 3D.
Box bureau total and tallies formed on information via Box Office Mojo , Rentrak, and TheNumbers.
Follow me on Twitter, on Google+, and on Quora. Read my blog. Erriba
There is no need to be single any more. We have a wealth of single guys in Erriba or all age groups looking for that special lady. Could that someone special be you? Sign up for free to find out.
Single guys
We have hundreds of girls searching for single men in Erriba every day. Your dream date could be searching for you as you read this. Join today and see who's online.
Give love a helping hand and sign up for your own free account today, love could be just around the corner.Search for single women in Erriba | Search for single men in ErribaPaul Wall's Birthday Party Warehouse Live March 11, 2015
It's good to be the People's Champ. Paul Wall and about 250 of his closest friends celebrated his 34th birthday with a concert at Warehouse Live Wednesday night. The bar lines were very short, but people were still feeling good from all the smoke and the lean.
Fans who showed up for the celebration had high expectations for the evening after battling the stormy weather. Many also had the high hopes of seeing a preview of the "Welcome to Houston" FPSF collab, but would leave disappointed. Michael "5000" Watts and a couple of other DJs worked current Southern hip-hop for the crowd that trickled in, before the live performers finally hit the stage 15 minutes after midnight.
The first two acts consisted of guys rapping over their own tracks. The crowd was uninspired, and the white noise of audience chatter filtered through the sets. Whatever fans on the front row who weren't talking appeared bored. They wanted the People's Champ!
The crowd started to accumulate around the stage as the first billed artist, Nessacary, began to perform. Early in the set a huge arc of people surrounded the female rapper, and her DJ requested that everyone on the stage who was not a performer to back up. Her performance came across flat, but was slightly improved by the moves of her dancers.
Young Dolph came out next as Paul Wall finally made an appearance at the edge of the crowded stage with almost everyone having styrofoam cups filled with what one would believe to be drank. As Dolph did his thing, the grilled maestro smiled, showing the sparkles off his grill. Standing next to him was local celebrity and jewelry dealer, Johnny Dang. They were throwing up the H for the city that they love and represent while having a great time around their friends. The MC out of Memphis got the small Wednesday night crowd moving.
The Po-up Poet only spit a few verses on "Texas Kool Aid" with Young Dolph before he disappeared back stage and the DJ said good night. The look on the faces of the people on the front row was that of confusion. This event was quite disappointing, for Wall's fans that expected him to perform. All in all, the Swishahouse star spent about 25 minutes onstage surrounded by his crew. But despite the fact that the people didn't get more of the champ, Young Dolph put on a solid performance.
Personal Bias: Really wanted to see the King of All Bling, TVJohnny, perform "Stay Iced Up" with his business partner.
The Crowd: Folks who weren't afraid of getting wet in the rain.
Overheard In the Crowd: "The only time 40 people onstage is a good thing is when those 40 people are the Wu-Tang Clan." Dallas Trolls Say Their Hip-Hop Is Better Than Houston's Houston's 10 Best All-Ages Music Venues Houston's Top 10 Hookup Bars Houston's Top 10 Hip-Hop Clubs
Follow @hprocksoff
Or sign in with a social account:FACEBOOK GOOGLE + TWITTER YAHOO!It’s Christmas Eve, 2010. I wish every one who celebrates Christmas or any other winter festival a most happy holiday.
I will post one more blog before the end of the year: my usual survey and commentary on the annual “Best of 2010” “Notable,” “Favorite” Books listed by the New York Times, Los Angeles Times, San Francisco Chronicle, Washington Post, etc. etc. etc. I will comment why I agree or disagree with the short story choices and note with mea culpas those short story collections I have somehow failed to read so far.
Now, my Christmas blog:
There are basically two types of Christmas stories, it seems to me: stories of nostalgia and stories of conversion. The nostalgia stories, best represented by Dylan Thomas’s “A Child’s Christmas in Wales,” Truman Capote’s “A Christmas Memory,” and Jean Shepherd’s “A Christmas Story,” are, of course, memories, memoirs, anecdotes, recollections--most often told by an adult recalling childhood.
The conversion stories include Dickens’s “A Christmas Carol,” Dr. Seuss’s “How the Grinch Stole Christmas, and such film favorites as “It’s a Wonderful Life” and “Miracle on Thirty-Fourth Street.” They focus on some spiritual event that causes someone who is bitter or skeptical to be transformed into a selfless believer in the human community.
Nostalgia Christmas Stories: “A Christmas Memory”
Dylan Thomas once said, “I like very much people telling me about their childhood, but they’ll have to be quick or else I’ll be telling them about mine.” I know what he means. I have written many recollections of my own childhood, several of them about Christmas. (There’s no stopping me when I have a possible audience; here I go):
I was the oldest of the family, with two brothers and two sisters. We grew up in a beat-up little old house in a valley known as “The Nars,” a corruption of the word “Narrows.” The house perched precariously on the hillside above U.S. 23, which was just above the C&O Railroad tracks, which was just above the Levisa Fork of the Big Sandy River—all about two rural miles southeast of the small town (pop. 4,200) of Paintsville, Kentucky.
We were poor, but Christmas, of course, was always rich. My favorite gifts on three different Christmases were an erector set, a Red Ryder Daisy air rifle, and a portable phonograph. In the late fall, my brothers and I always nervously gathered black walnuts from a huge tree in a neighboring pasture (occupied by a very mean and very large bull); we would split open the green husks, getting our fingers black from stain, and array them on the roof to dry out. On Christmas Eve, we would crack them on the hearth of the small fireplace, and when we awoke the next morning, mom and dad, (who had stayed up all night making mysterious preparations) had set out on the mantle plates of fudge full of the walnuts. Lord, Lord, I could go on and on. But I won’t.
Although I like Dylan Thomas’s recollection of “A Child’s Christmas in Wales,” my favorite nostalgia story (and as his comment on the previous blog indicates, also the favorite of my son Alex) is Truman Capote’s “A Christmas Memory.” What makes the story hard to resist is the present-tense voice of the boy describing his elderly friend” “I am seven; she is sixty-something. We are cousins…. She calls me Buddy, in memory of a boy who was formerly her best friend. The other Buddy died in the 1880’s, when she was still a child. She is still a child.”
The story begins: “Imagine a morning in late November. A coming of winter morning more than twenty years ago…A woman with shorn white hair is standing at the kitchen window…’Oh my,’ she exclaims, her breath smoking the windowpane, ‘It’s fruitcake weather!’”
As much as I love the story—the voice and the relationship between the boy and the woman as they gather the ingredients (especially the bootleg whiskey from the Indian, Mr. Haha Jones) and prepare the fruitcakes to send to “people who’ve struck our fancy,” including President Roosevelt—this may be a rare case in which a film adaptation is even better than the written story. I cannot read this story any more without hearing the high pitched twang of Truman Capote doing the voiceover, and I cannot visualize the characters without seeing the wonderfully expressive face of Geraldine Page playing the boy’s “best friend.” The way she presses her lips together, squeezes her eyes close, and cocks her head coyly to the side breaks my heart every time.
And like my son, I cannot read the story or see the film, without my eyes tearing up. I know it is sentimental, but I don’t care. When the two of them fly those kites at the end of the story, and the voice tells us it is their last Christmas together, I choke up quite pleasurably. When the boy walks across a school campus in an early November twenty years later, he can hear her voice saying “Oh, my, it’s fruitcake weather.” And he looks up, searching the sky. “As if I expected to see, rather like hearts, a lost pair of kites hurrying toward heaven.” Oh, my! Like all good nostalgia Christmas stories, “A Christmas Memory” recalls a time when life was simple and good, and filled with love.
Conversion Christmas Stories: “The Dead”
Conversion Christmas stories are, of course, also about love—about an old Scrooge or an old Grinch, filled with bitterness and bile, undergoing a spiritual transformation to understand the central message of Christmas--love, charity, selflessness. I very much enjoy Dickens’s "Christmas Carol." My favorite of the many film versions is the 1950s black and white version with Alastair Sim as Scrooge. I have an old VHS tape version that I watched with my family the other day.
However, the most complex Christmas conversion story, as my friend Dex correctly identified in a comment on my previous blog, is James Joyce’s “The Dead.” The events of the story do not take place on Christmas, but probably on January 6, which marks the Feast of The Epiphany, or the Twelfth Day of Christmas--the day the three Wise Men visited the Christ child. Joyce, who had already formulated his theory of epiphany from Aquinas in his first novel, Stephen Hero, perhaps purposely centered his final story in Dubliners on the day of the epiphany. The story combines both the nostalgia Christmas story and the conversion Christmas story.
The first section, which centers on the party given by the Morkan sisters in their dwelling on Usher’s Island, centers to a large extent on the past—the tradition of the party, the old singers from the past. The final section, when Gretta tells Gabriel that Michael Furey died for her, he comes to see the significance of the ultimate act of love—to die for the other. When Gretta says, “I think he died for me,” the Christ story is evoked. In practical, profane terms, for the young Michael Furey to stand out in the rain and die of pneumonia seems childishly absurd. However, it is precisely acting like a little child rather than a practical adult that marks the radical difference between the everyday world and the world of the spiritual.
Anyone reading “The Dead” for the first time might be hard pressed to understand its fame and influence. The narrative and description in the first two thirds of the story suggests that the story will end naturalistically with the end of the party. However, it is with the end of the party, of course that the lyrical nature of the story begins to emerge.. This is all the more devastating to him because on the journey to the hotel, he has indulged in his own self-delusion about their relationship: . Michael Furey, who has romantically been willing to give his life for love of another, challenges Gabriel's own smug safety much the same way that Bartleby challenges the narrator in Melville's famous story “Bartleby the Scriven has dominated the short story since its beginnings. The novel involves an active quest for reality, a search for identity that is actually a reconciliation of the self with the social and experiential world—a reconciliation that is finally conceptually accepted, based on the experience one has undergone. The short story more often focus on a character who is confronted with the world of spirit, which then challenges his or her conceptual framework of reason and social experience.
“The Dead” is my favorite Christmas story, for it is a great short story, a classic short story that delicately and definitively does what all great short stories do.
As a postscript, I must share a personal note about “The Dead.” Fifteen years ago, my wife, her Irish mother (who had just lost her husband to a heart attack), my pre-teen daughter, and I spent a year living in a suburb just south of Dublin. I had a Fulbright Senior Fellowship and taught courses in short story theory and the American short story at University College, Dublin, and Trinity College. It was a sad year in some ways (I lost my mother to a lung infection at Easter that year), but it was also a wonderful year in many other ways. It was a fine experience for my daughter, attending an International school with children from Ireland and countries all over the world. It was good for my mother-in-law to spend the year in her home country after the death of her husband. It was good for my wife to get in touch with her Irish family and her heritage of Irish culture. And it was good for me in too many ways to enumerate here.
However, one of my most memorable experiences was walking down along the Liffy and looking up to the second storey of the house at Usher’s Island, and from there walking to O’Connell Street and down to the Grisham Hotel, where Gabriel stood and looked out the window at the snow, which was general all over Ireland, falling softly upon all the living and the dead.
Friday, December 24, 2010
5 comments:
Good writing. Worth the wait. Dex
Is it Patty Duke, not Geraldine Page?
Ann, Patty Duke played Sookie in a more recent film version of the story, but for me the classic and unforgettable version is the one with Geraldine Page.
Charles, I wonder if the lines you quote are necessarily self-delusion? "."
I agree, Peter, that Gabriel is "deluded" about their secret life together, but no more so than any one is, since one person's secret life is not the same as another person's. That's what I think the story, and many stories, are about. That's what Chekhov's "Lady with the Pet Dog" is about also, don't you think?Rianne Van Rompaey ‘An Artist of the Floating World’ by Tim Walker for Vogue UK, 12/16
Photographer: Tim Walker. Model(s): BARABBAS OKUYAMA, Chiharu Okungi, HIROSHI ISHIGURO, Maaya Yoshiyama, Mari, MASAHARU IMAZU, MASASHI NAKAMURA, Rianne Van Rompaey, Yoshito Ohno, Yubi, Yukihide Harada, YUTA ISHIYANA. Source: Vogue UK. Stylist: Kate Phelan. Makeup: Sam Bryant. Hair: Shon.
Posted Nov 06, 2016
Rianne Van Rompaey plays “An Artist of the Floating World” by Tim Walker for Vogue UK, Dec. 2016. Echoed from the ideology of the current climate, this story looks to find the pathways of our collective mind. Walker uses the title of this, 1986 novel, to illustrate the consternation of these troubling times. Art isn’t always a mirror, often it works to echo emotions in such a way as to elevate the raw message. To be able to see ~ you’ve got to be free. The goal isn’t about simple reflection, sometimes it’s about forcing yourself to take a deeper look. Viewing the picture in the context of its entirety, we can imagine a more united world view. These images invite us to invest in our future good, by reminding all that we are a part of this grand Ecosystem of life. Kate Phelan brings fashion to a high point, by incorporating fabrics that give us a sense of flight. Styles aren’t just shown they are richly celebrated. A cacophony of couture is displayed in ways that make us dream of theatrical performance. Gorgeous Geisha Girl’s wearing colorful Kimonos, “Floral & graphic silhouettes come to life against the dazzling backdrop of Japan.” Drawn to the folklore, Walker uses garb as a form of neo-expression by Alexander McQueen, Comme des Garçons, Gucci, J.W. Anderson, Louis Vuitton, Marc Jacobs, Prada & Rick Owens. Bold images play like a show within a show, honoring humans that connect from differing backgrounds. Watching characters fight for artful expansion we capture a compelling picture of intimate reflection.
Kabuki is a style of traditional Japanese theater that includes music, dance, and drama. Art elevates our idea of unique, as Sam Bryant shows us beauty that comes in many exotic forms. Taking a more theatrical approach to the art of movement. The elemental breakdown of each scene is shown in the elaborate face & body paint of the characters. Creating a kind of masque like effect, a series of a few (staple) colors are applied in symbolic ways. Considered an important part of Kabuki art, the process by which makeup is applied allows mood and characters to shift. Face paint elevates their features to a dramatic point by working in symphonic harmony. Rianne’s skin art mimics Yoshito Ohno’s traditional look, while baring out the flavor of her own. Covered in white, blue eyes lift up to the sky while red lips kiss the air on high. Honoring the grand tradition of the Geisha, Bryant mimics this masterful makeup tradition by taking a more modern approach. Shadows give the illusion of spray paint, with a magenta tone that mimics brows and a bright orange line that follows under the eyes. Each scene plays out, as one dancer lies on her belly, while the others stand with open mouths as they screaming in shattered silence. Wearing an array of broken down boxes in the place of proper clothing, each picture signifies our systematic addiction to all things we can collect. Drama is mimicked in heavily applied cosmetics used for the stage. As she sits in stunning reflection, Rianne van Rompaey finds herself in the middle of an enchanted forest. Shon honors the ornate features of the Shimano Chignon, opening our minds to the magic of modern hair. Yoshito Ohno pays tribute to his late father, Kazuo Ohno, by holding up a single, red rose he shares a memorable moment as the spirit of humanity rises forth from his hands.
Yoshito Ohno Pays Tribute to His Late Father, Kazuo Ohno
Life.
Our affiliation with aircraft charter companies have a long task force of Modern-Day Medically prepared to adjust wing aircraft's and Helicopters that gave a complete transportation strategy at the time of emergency and also non-emergency transportations. At the time of transportation, Lifesavers Ambulance Services, gives you pre and post-hospitalization counseling to the critically ill patients and their relatives. We ensure the proper transport of the patient to hospitals even with restricted time and critical conditions saving precious lives irrespective of location and distance. Since time is the core of saving lives during critical emergencies, we have the propensity to guarantee to stay ourselves on full alert in solicitations that consistently have saved patients and we are always ready to provide disaster help with none other than our best Qualified specialists. We tend to pride in being the chief efficient foremost economical service provider in the field that treats every case with indistinguishable effectiveness and affection.
Our Beliefs and Morals
To give the most elevated gauge of emergency vehicle transportation in a protected, well disposed, and skilled way on a worldwide premise.
At Advanced Air Ambulance, we are available to you, 24 hours a day, to oblige all your medicinal needs to the most extreme level of well-being, solace and proficiency. Our pros' fundamental objective is to give smooth and agreeable, 100% effortless, complete bedside to bedside, road, railway and air emergency vehicle transports. Our complete restorative transportation administration guarantees progression of value consideration to every one of us
We have earned goodwill and reputation by being the most productive venture in conveying administrations to families and government associations in times of trouble. We meet the highest standard of well-being and have ambulances outfitted with the most recent world-class supplies. We give pre-hospitalization mind that is unmatched in the business and have effectively cut down death rates with our convenient backing. We have built up our starting points after Long and have dependably remained by the patients in their critical need for backing.
We have picked up trust with years of diligent work and will give commendable administrations to transport your friends and family anyplace broadly or globally easily with no trouble. We have set up correspondence frameworks that can help you reach for us straightforwardly and get speedy and dependable medical help immediately.The solar PV industry remained the largest renewable energy employer in 2015, with 2.8 million jobs worldwide – an 11% rise over 2014, according to a new report released by the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA). The report, titled “Renewable Energy and Jobs – Annual Review 2016,” finds solar employment grew in Japan and the U.S., stabilized in China, and decreased in the European Union last year.
Meanwhile, the entire renewable energy industry employed more than 8.1 million people around the globe in 2015 – a 5% increase from 2014. The report says liquid biofuels was the second largest global renewables employer, with 1.7 million jobs, followed by wind power, which grew 5% to reach 1.1 million jobs worldwide.
The report notes that while the total number of renewable energy jobs rose in 2015, jobs in the broader energy sector fell. In the U.S., for example, renewable energy jobs increased 6% and employment in oil and gas decreased 18%. Likewise in China, renewable energy employed 3.5 million people, while oil and gas employed 2.6 million.. "In general, [even in street shit] nobody want to stand next to you if somebody about to shoot you, unless you have a a big lick [hustle]. They [used to] do that with 50 because 50 was the bank. They knew he was going to win. People ain't doing that [anymore]."
"I feel like beef hurt him. I feel like it helped .Daly's lone goal in the 51st minute.
The game turned rather chippy later in the half, but Canadian coach John Herdman was pleased with how his team responded.
"The Italians were relentless with their pressure and when you skip a tackle, they'll.
Canada has won this tournament three times but has lost in the final the last two years: 1-0 to England last year and 2-0 to France in 2012.It looks like you're using an Ad Blocker.
Please white-list or disable AboveTopSecret.com in your ad-blocking tool.
Thank you.
Some features of ATS will be disabled while you continue to use an ad-blocker.
Can I ask you if you ever have sat in a specialists office after major invasive surgery at the age of 32 and been told to get your affairs in order?
This is after just buying a home, getting married, and then gob smacked in the head that I need a will?
I became unemployable overnight and lost my very good paying job, the next trick was trying to afford the out of town doctor visits which were about one a week for over a year.
This involved my wife who had to take time off of work with no pay and drive me over 200 miles round trip and then pay the gas, and then do it again the next week.
Oh yeah I have a good time being disabled thank you very much, You have no idea how much fun it is and I don't need social media to play up my good fortune.
At one time I tossed kegs of beer around for pay and was in the utmost fit shape, now things are a bit different but hey what would I know?
Thanks to all the posters on this thread actually trying to be helpful to the OP with advice and recipes.
Regards, Iwinder
There is only one true disability, and that is of the mind. You can be a victim or a victor. You can let circumstance dictate the quality of your life or you can dictate the quality of your life. That was my point. I have had plenty of setbacks in my own life (two open heart surgeries, a pacemaker, two eye lens removals, etc). I have had to live with restrictions and make hard choices too. I am truly sorry that the OP is going through a difficult time. Still, I said what I said and I stand by it. If you've got two arms and two legs then you have more than Nick Vujicic. He lives a happy and successful life and so can you. So can everyone. It's all about your mindset!
FlyersFan
HE came on here complaining about what his entitlement bought him. HE DID THAT. So HE invited comments. It was obvious from the picture that he wasn't shopping smart ... so people gave him advice on how to shop better and how to get more food for his money. (and more nutritious food). What he bought was crap ... not good for his $$$ and not healthy for his health situation. (sugar always makes things worse).
As for different culinary skills - he needs to learn how to cook basic foods. If he can't, learn to boil water to make spaghetti noodles, then there are plenty of inexpensive things he could be eating that don't require cooking.
macman
No, charity is voluntary.
LadyLurker
God forbid you plant a few seeds.
i shoot squirrels all the time. a can of 250 pellets at walmart is freaking 2 dollars...
even if your a bad shot thats enough squirrels to feed you for months, and they taste a hell of a lot better than most of that crap in the picture.
LurkingRelentlessly
HERES an IDEA
bring back the JOBS and we can ALL EAT WHATEVER WE WANT.
LDragonFire
Add it up since 1980 there have been 20 years under Republican presidents and 13 years under a Democrat, so what side has messed this country up?
You really need to walk away from the right wing noise buzzing in your ear, the hate and stress will eat you up and make you sick, then you can try these entitlements for yourself.
Seriously have a smoke, or a drink, get a message!!! Its not natural for one human to hate another because they are sick or poor unless your being conditioned.
Serdgiam
You are minimizing my perspective to fit into some box you have already labelled me. The issue is far deeper than you seem to understand. Example: Money is only a form of resource exchange, it can and does happen in other viable ways. But this is not being used to help people in need. I can go into this more, but you obviously are having a conversation with someone in your head that you have created.
Serdgiam
Yeah, you would be surprised at how similar it is if you actually read what I was saying.
Serdgiam
I was talking about the government programs, why would you think everything is about you?
Serdgiam
From your perspective, the answer is obvious. Despite reality being quite different...
Serdgiam
You realize that to receive assistance, you must pay into the system first, correct? And that in accordance to what has been paid in, that is what you receive. Regardless, the system is BROKEN. Let me repeat that; THE SYSTEM IS BROKEN.
Serdgiam
You arent even remotely catching what I am throwing here. Nor do you seem to understand how the actual system works, or what percentage of your paycheck actually goes to things, or what things you should actually be angry about. Not only do I want smaller government and lower taxes, I go beyond that in wanting the taxes that ARE paid to be used efficiently. But, you automatically disagree due to some thing you have in your mind. It seems the plan is working splendidly on parts of the population.
Tax money towards those things is not needed. The Govt has no business in providing such things.Tax money towards those things is not needed. The Govt has no business in providing such things.
Serdgiam
So, you are entirely against providing support in real life terms, like cooking education, efficient shopping practices, nutrition, gardening, etc because you want it to STAY as just throwing money at the problem? That makes no sense to me, perhaps you can explain. So, when you say you dont want to help people and government is helping to create abusers, and I say we should create a system that enables citizens to be self sufficient and independent, we are agreeing. But I was obviously right about the "red-zone"
Well, you are correct in that statement.Well, you are correct in that statement.
Serdgiam
That wasnt my point, and you are off on some tirade of your own making. By creating dependence, we stifle education, creativity, and innovation. The governmental systems do this.
Serdgiam
Would you mind putting it, in writing, that such things coming from a lower bracket will not be used by you?
Serdgiam
I would consider it theft, since otherwise, you would be receiving all of the results of my hard work for free.I want to know how to include .exe files in a Borland C++ Application AND display it ( A.K.A. Running it ) . I know how to manipulate the data and edit it with C++ , but it doesn't run and display in the same fashion.
<P>
Also , I want to know how to make that as an interface , meaning I want the user to be able to choose which program he wants to run and then close the program and start again. This would make my life soooooo much easier rather than making a library includes. They Suck.
<P>
I think that C++ in school sucks... especially Oriscak...Erin Jo Richeypublished this
Wednesday, June 10, 2015
Such an awesome #matter4 demo day. So proud of these teams @wearehearken @ekplugin @nextrequest @newsdeeply @Personal_Heroes @thehistoryproj
Go #matter4!
Get to know the 6 new companies that are part of #Matter4 and are changing media for good! bit.ly/1G38EkW
Erin Jo Richeypublished this
Wednesday, February 18, 2015Mixed terrain with 76,790 m2 area, with typical Algarvian housing (235m2) ideal for rural tourism, horses, agricultural project, etc.
Situated in a quiet area of São Brás de Alportel. It has wonderful views of the algarvian barrocal.
Arvorense culture is predominant in the field, consisting of: 200 carob, fig, almond, 340 50 25 20 holm oaks and olive trees.Find the cheapest flight Rote - RTI to Coober Pedy - CPD
Airpaz provides real-time booking and ticketing engine for cheap flights. User can compare and book multiple airlines in a single booking. We give our best price for you, make sure to find cheap flight from Rote to Coober Pedy in airpaz.com
Cheap Flights InformationPromo Flight Rote
Promo Flight Coober Pedy.
2009 - Sponsored Speaker FICP Great Lakes/Midwest Regional Meeting
Dan Coughlin
Makes it his mission as a business speaker to work with executives and managers to achieve great performance in a sustainable way
2009 - Sponsored Speaker Northeast Chapter FICP
Garrison Wynn
He appeals to wide variety of audiences by delivering serious, result-driven information with professionally honed humor.
2009 - Sponsored Speaker FICP Educational Forum
Lynne Lancaster
Lynne’s special talent of bridging generation gaps in the workplace allows for a better communication & work environment.
2009 - Sponsored Speaker CMP Conclave
2008 - Sponsored Speaker FICP Annual Conference
Steve Gilliland
Steve is a motivational speaker & master storyteller who uses the power of humor to entertain and empower his audience
Scott Burrows
Inspiring organizations to stand up to any challenge through a clear vision, a determined mindset and unstoppable grit.
2008 - Sponsored Speaker CMP Conclave
Dale Irvin
The perfect Emcee, Dale keeps the audience fully engaged as he entertains with his humorous stories
2008 - FICP Northeast Chapter
Mike Hourigan
Mike captivates audiences with his real-world wisdom, quick insights, lively participation, and memorable stories.
2007 - Financial Services Marketing Association
Brian Holloway
Not just another athlete he inspires transformational outcomes for groups who must break through to an extraordinary future
2007 - CMP Conclave 2007
Wayne Cotter
A hilarious and attention grabbing comedian and emcee, perfect for any event that is in need of a vivacious entertainer
2007 - FICP 2007 Education Forum
Linda Edgecombe
She is a best selling author who energizes every room as she leads people to loosen up, lighten the load and laugh
Duane Cashin
Duane's motivational speeches spark your passion for success & drive you to achieve your personal best in business, sales and lifeclass SortedNames { private String [] names; private int count; private static final int DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_NAMES = 10; public SortedNames (int maximumNames){ names = new String[maximumNames]; //Create the array count = 0; //this will be keeping track of the number of names in the array } public SortedNames() { names = new String[DEFAULT_MAXIMUM_NAMES]; count = 0; }
When you add a name the easiest place to insert it is at the back. The variable count is actually the first empty index. Thus it marks the back of your array and is the place that you should insert the new name. Why is this? Think about what count keeps track of...the number of names in the array. Since the index starts at zero (a fact you need to remember about arrays) the number of names in the array is actually one more than the index of the last name. Thus the referance at names[count] is null and names[count-1] has a name in it. Since names[count] is the first null referance this is where you should store the new name. Thus you store the new name in names[count] and then increment count by one (because the array now has one more referance stored in it).Sorting Arrays (and Swapping Stored Values)
Note: It is easy to forget to increment count. However doing so will cause your array to only have a name stored at index zero. So pay special attention to this short but important line.
But what if the array is full (that means that count==names.length)? Your program will throw a IndexOutOfBoundsException when you try to store the new name. Thus you need to grow the array before attempting to insert the next name. You can do this by writing a helper method to grow the array. (A helper method is method that contains code which a number of other class methods perform. Thus helper methods cut down on the amount of code writen and makes code easier to read. A helper method will only be called by other methods in the same class and thus helpers are private.) This helper should be called each time the array is full.
So how do you grow an array? Well technically you can't, arrays are a fixed size. However you can make a new array that is bigger and then copy the old array into the new array (keeping all objects in the correct position) and then make the referance (of the too small array)point to the new array. Thus the referance will point to a slightly larger array with more room. Now everything works...yea! And that is what matters. We don't have to stick with the same array as long as the referance points to any array which is big enough and contains the names in the correct order programmers don't care. We don't even have to worry about what happens to the old array (the Java grabage collector will take care of it).
Note: convention is that you double the size of your array. This is because growing an array (making a new array and then copying) takes a long time to do (relativly). If you are only growing by one each time you would have to grow each time you insert (very time intensive). If you grow by a fixed amount (say 10) then as you get into bigger arrays (say a million) then you arrive at a similar situation to when you were only growing by one. Doubling the array means that the bigger the array the more spaces you create. The minium loss of efficency (ie unused indexes) is 50% which isn't that bad. Thus doubling the array is an nice convention to follow when growing the array.
So here is the code 1)to insert a new name at the back of the array and 2)to grow an array:
public void insert(String name){ //first check to see if array is full, if so call helper method if (count == names.length){ grow(); } //now know the array is big enough to contain at least one more name. //names[count++] = name; does the same as below (since count increases after the new name has been stored) names[count] = name; //stores name in the array at position count count++; //increases count (so count is always the next free space in the array) } private void grow(){ String[] biggerArray = new String[names.length * 2] //make a bigger array (to copy into) //now lets copy: for (int index = 0; index < names.length; index++) { biggerArray[index] = names[index]; //this copies the old array into the new array AT THE SAME POSITION } //biggerArray is now the exact same as names only it is twice as big. //now move the referance... names = biggerArray; }
The best way to keep a sorted array is to insert them into the array in order. We want to keep the names in alphabetical order. How do we do this? Well when we add the first name then the array is already in alphabetical order (there's only one name in it). On second add drop the new name at back of array. Then look at the name in front of it (index: count-2, since count increased when we added). If the list of two is in order do nothing. If they are in reverse order switch the two names (calling the helper method described in the next paragraph). The list is now in order. This works for all nth adds. (Run the 3rd add through your head: you drop the new name at the back. If the array is now out of order then swap the new value with the value one in front of it until the list is in order. At each comparison you will either have to swap or the new name will be in the correct position and you can exit the loop or new name will be stored at index zero and you should exit th loop to avoid an IndexOutOfBoundsException). In this way the array is kept in order. Notice that since the array is ordered, once you find a value that belongs in front of the new name you have found the "correct spot" for newName and you don't have to look any further forward in the array because the rest of the array is ordered and there is no way that after the correct spot there is another name ahead of the spot that actually belongs behind the new value. Note: To do this swapping/ ordering process you need to start at the end of the array and work towards the 0th index.
Here's an example of adding i to the ordered list "g h j k":g h j k i //insert i at the end, compare k and i (need to swap) g h j i k //compare i and j (need to swap) g h i j k //compare i and h (don't need to swap) no more changes will happen so don't have to continue the comparisons/ swapping
Swapping values (a helper method): so basically you need to swap the names at two different indexes. Why is the below code wrong?Because now both names[x] and names [y] will hold a referance to the same value! So need to use a three way swap (involves a temporary variable):Because now both names[x] and names [y] will hold a referance to the same value! So need to use a three way swap (involves a temporary variable):
names[x] = names [y]; names[y] = names [x];Here's the code for inserting in order and the swap method (takes parameters of the two indexes to swap):Here's the code for inserting in order and the swap method (takes parameters of the two indexes to swap):
x y temp A B A B temp (A) B A AHowever,:However,:
public void insertInOrder(String name){ if (count == names.length){ grow(); } names[count] = name; count++; for (int index = (count-1); index > 0; index--){ //can't let index be equal to zero because we are doing (index-1) and always looking ahead by one. if (names[index].compareTo(names[index-1]) > 0) { //this will be true if the array is out of order (remeber //how compareTo works) swap(index, index-1); } //put this in to avoid extra work...if you don't need to swap then name is //in the correct spot and you can exit the loop else { break; } /*same as: *if(names[index].compareTo(names[index-1]) <= 0){ * break; *} *swap(index, index-1); */ } } public void swap(int x, int y) { String temp = names [y]; names[x] = names [y]; names[y] = temp; }
So let's rewrite the insertInOrder():So let's rewrite the insertInOrder():Ordered list: 2 4 6 8 Number to insert: 3 Moving the hole: 2 4 6 8 _ //hole starts at back, compare 3 and 8 (need to move hole) 2 4 6 _ 8 //compare 3 and 6 (need to move 6 back and hole forward) 2 4 _ 6 8 //compare 3 and 4 (need to move hole) 2 _ 4 6 8 //compare 3 and 2 (you have found the correct spot!) 2 3 4 6 8 //insert 3 into the created hole and exit
public void insertInOrder(String name){ if (count == names.length){ grow(); } int index = count; //in loop while not at end of array and yavn't found correct spot while ((index > 0) && (names[indx-1].compareTo(name)) > 0) { names[index] = names[index-1]; names[index - 1] = null; index++; } //once exit while loop know index is where name should be (insert it) names[index] = name; count++; } }Here's a shot from when I was sorting through the clothes I picked out before paying. It's early yet (7:35am, when I got in at 6:30am), so there aren't many shoppers yet.
I ended up getting Owen's entire summer wardrobe, 3 pairs of shoes for each of the kids (that actually fit them, believe it or not!) 3 swim suits for him, a few toys, an armful of books, a kiddie beach chair, a sunhat for each of them, and probably a few other things I am forgetting, but it all was only $130!Repair1 - 1 of 1 listings
Listings
- Watch Repair Services MiriRepair - Miri (Sarawak) - October 17, 2017 Check with seller
Watch Repair Services, Mechanical, Quartz, battery, straps at Soon Ping Watch Dealers. Charges may vary Soon Ping Watchmaker New, Used, and Vintage Watches Ground Floor, Back Shoplots In front of Lorry Park Jalan Cressandra Jalan Bendahara, 98000 Mir...
- 1It’s the holiday season and if you have a bunch of parties to attend I know you’ll be looking for a gorgeous party dress that screams “Wow!” Well, on today’s Daily Find I was browsing Bloomingdale’s site and came across some gorgeous gowns by Tadashi Shoji! These stunners will definitely make you best dressed of the soiree!
Tadashi Shoji Plus Size One-Shoulder Draped Gown
Reg $448.00
Sale $358.40
Sale $358.40
Tadashi Shoji Plus Size Black Sequin Dress
Reg $368.00
Sale $294.40
Sale $294.40
Tadashi Shoji Plus Size Sweetheart Bandage Dress
PRICE: $388.00
Sizes up to 3x!
Happy shopping!
Advertisements
Pingback: OOTD: Devil in a Blue Dress | FashionPlus3Max Noel wrote: > > On Apr 24, 2005, at 18:04, Gavin Bauer wrote: >> make it useful. This means one thing: saving. I would need some way of >> saving a "set" of flash cards such as "english vocab test" or "french >> irregular verbs". The main purpose of this program (other than >> learning more python) would be to actually help me study for a test, >> so I would need to be able to save the information somehow. Any ideas? > > > The shelve module seems to be what you're looking for. Or the pickle module. Kent
Cashmere wrap with tiny fringe trim details. Cowlneck. Back button closure. About 56" from shoulder to hem. Cashmere. Dry clean. Imported. Harp Cashmere Wrap Sweater | Clothing fashion item, including product specifications, ordering options, pricing, shipping details, high resolution pictures, shopper comments, and other sales media, visit the Saks Fifth Avenue Online Store.and i mean obsessed!
this boy eats, sleeps, and thinks boxing 24-7.
whenever he has free time, he's watching old fights or instructional videos.
i'm fearful that one of these days he's going to put down the wall street journal and look for a job in the ring.
{don't get me wrong, i'm all for dreams, but i sure hope this isn't one he's dreaming of achieving...}
instead of continuing to pay for a pricey monthly membership, he's dubbed me as his new coach.
so every night, i wrap up his hands, we put on our mitts and we train.
i even have a cool pair of training mitts.
it's fun to see him get so excited about something
{and even more fun watching my arms get ripped}
How cool! This made me laugh because I could imagine Johnny being the EXACT same way. He already loves watching cage fighting.
You guys are too cute. How fun!
go easy on him Casey!!Bunnygrunt has been a fixture of the St. Louis scene for more than two decades and if you're not hip to locally-sourced grass-fed indie rock, consider the band's European tour kickoff and album release show at Off Broadway on Saturday night. Maybe you're all booked up because of the World Naked Bike Ride; that's okay, cruise on over to the after-party at Atomic Cowboy to catch St. Louis' own nearly-naked band Crazy XXX Girlfriend. All this and more within:
FRIDAY, JULY 17
Alien Ant Farm w/ Run 2 Cover, Scene of Irony, J Boozer, Nervous Pudding Friday, July 17 The Firebird 7:30 p.m. | $16-$18 I know I'm not the only one who hears Alien Ant Farm and thinks of summer break filled with Sega Dreamcast and Mountain Dew Code Red. Notwithstanding that famous cover of Michael Jackson's "Smooth Criminal," the band has enough of its own little earworms to infest any brain that can halfway appreciate a good hook. Pop rock from the early aughts marches on with Alien Ant Farm leading the pack.
Hoonbag Moonswag w/ Louis Wall, Trancers Friday, July 17 Schlafly Tap Room 9 p.m. | free Remember Pu Fest? It was last year's b-side to St. Louis' own LouFest, offering an alternative event for fans of punk and noise. Many acts traveled from afar to meet up with some of our city's finest bands for two days of rapid-fire sets. Although admission is technically free, this night is a fundraiser to that fest's sequel, aptly named Tu Fest. Get "tu" it.
Mail the Horse Record Release Show w/ Moon Glampers, Kim Logan Friday, July 17 Blueberry Hill 9 p.m. | $8 Mail the Horse has some kind of love affair with St. Louis. Despite being based out of Brooklyn, which is saturated with some of this country's most groundbreaking art, the band brings its rough-edged rock gospel with a strong southern twang straight to the midwest to celebrate Planet Gates, released last month on vinyl and compact disc.
Modern Life Is War w/ Coliseum, Xerxes, True Love Friday, July 17 Fubar 8 p.m. | $14-$16 By Daniel Hill Modern Life Is War also has a bit of a thing for St. Louis. The Iowa-based hardcore band performed here more than a dozen times during its first six years of existence, before calling it quits with a farewell tour in 2008. Most of those shows took place at the Lemp Arts Center -- then a hardcore haven -- and its farewell stop in St. Louis took place at Building R, a short-lived warehouse space-turned DIY venue. Both spots featured plenty of room, which is good for a band whose performances inspire the kind of wall-to-wall mosh pits and frantic pile-ons for which MLIW is notorious. Fubar's venue side should work nicely as well, but fair warning to those who don't like people jumping on their heads: Stay away from the stage.
Shitstorm w/ Skin Tags, Armadillo Friday, July 17 St. Louis Skatium 10 p.m. | $7 Punk and skating are best friends, but if Disney's 1998 film Brink! is any indication, skateboarders are cool jocks to be feared and rollerbladers best stay out of the way. Joke's on them, because real-life punk rock goes down at the St. Louis Skatium, where bladers sharpen their skates and make their rounds. The whole thing is a breeding ground for the kind of wild parties straight from any number of '90s (or '80s) movies.
SATURDAY, JULY 18
Bunnygrunt Record Release #1 w/ Veil, Nervosa, Royal Holland Saturday, July 18 Off Broadway 8 p.m. | $8 Not only does this event celebrate Bunnygrunt's latest album Bunnygrunt Vol 4 (which you can read about in this week's Homespun), but the kings and queen of twee pop plan to depart for a European tour very, very soon. See Matt Harnish and company off with a full night of mostly enthusiastic head-bopping and maybe something resembling dancing. Or moshing. Arrive on time for thrashy jams from Ohio's Nervosas, who was just added to the bill along with newcomers Veil.
See also: 26 Bands Pay Tribute to St. Louis' Bunnygrunt on New Compilation
Crazy XXX Girlfriend Saturday, July 18 Atomic Cowboy 9 p.m. | free The World Naked Bike Ride is responsible for a few things: A certain set of voyeurs will actually leave their house for much-needed exercise and Riverfront Times will net enough slideshow page views to pay its bills for yet another year. This momentous event gives Atomic Cowboy a great excuse to bring guitarists wrapped in lacy lingerie to its massive outdoor stage. Read more about Crazy XXX Girlfriend in this week's print edition or right here on the blog.
Throwing Things Records Showcase w/ The Haddonfields, The Rackatees, Mike Pennekamp Saturday, July 18 Music Record Shop 2 p.m. | free This is apparently the pre-game to a house show at some mystical land and rock formation called Chill Dawg Cove. Our sources (who prefer to remain anonymous, and I am going to respect that wish) say that instructions on how to attend this prestigious event will be distributed at Music Record Shop between the hours of 2 p.m. and 4 p.m. Fans of poppy rock and bubblegum punk can take drunken solace from the humid heat of St. Louis and its massive swathe of blues and cover bands. We mean to say that Music Record Shop has air conditioning and free beer.
SUNDAY, JULY 19
Vince Staples w/ Markoe, Vince Sega, Michael Jerome 8:00 p.m. July 19 The Firebird 8 p.m. | $15 By Daniel Hill The last time LA's Vince Staples came to St. Louis it was as direct support for Earl Sweatshirt, the Odd Future collective's premier wordsmith. Staples won over the crowd at the Ready Room with a tight, focused set -- the reception was warm at best in the beginning, but by the end of his time the young audience had been worked up to near-frenzied levels. That ability to sell himself carries over into his recorded output as well: His latest, Summertime '06, was released in late June to near-universal critical acclaim, with no less than Rolling Stone dubbing Staples "the most exciting man in rap.".Happy New Year! We started EXPANDING in the new year with our Facebook Profile Frame. You can add it to your profile picture by searching GreaterWomen. It’s part of our new campaign to help increase self-confidence among women. Personally, there were a lot of things that I did not do in 2017 for lack 
Get Your Write On 2018
SOAP Love 18
Call all writers! It’s that time again! If you would like to join our annual S.O.A.P. Love, please visit for more information and submission process. We do this every year to help spread the love of God. Our theme scripture is Hebrews 10:24 which states, “Let us think of ways to motivate one 
Adopt A Teen Mom For Christmas
We are excited to launch this community initiative to help our young mothers as they journey through motherhood. Our mission statement is Encouraging, Empowering & Equipping Teen Mothers to be Greater Women and Greater Mothers. Through this outreach project will be helping one young mother to meet the needs of her baby. 
October Prayer10 Focus
Are 
8 Minute Devotion Series
Get Your Write On 40 Day Challenge
The Truth About Teenage Pregnancy
Did you miss the live event? Listen to the replay as you meet our authors from our anthology, There’s A Jewel In You. Our wonderful host, Yah Hughes, is the Founder and CEO for Made for Purpose. Visit her at
Confessions Unsensored
Listen to the interview that our founder had with Keithra Morley. She share’s her story of being a teen mom and finding her identity beyond motherhood. Blog post:
There’s A Jewel In You Official Book Trailer
Enjoy the official book trailer for There’s A Jewel In You! Order you copy today atColors To Paint Kitchen Cabinet Best Painting Kitchen Cabinets Ideas Paint For Home Depot Out Sanding Medium Size Paint Colors Kitchen Oak Cabinets
colors to paint kitchen cabinet best painting kitchen cabinets ideas paint for home depot out sanding medium size paint colors kitchen oak cabinets.
white paint color for kitchen cabinets sherwin williams mistakes you make painting painted pictures ideas colors with black appliances,colors to paint kitchen cabinets and walls for with white stainless steel appliances small oak dazzling awesome best,paint color for small kitchen with white cabinets best colors to oak 2015,kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets and black countertops what color to grey walls best cabinet ideas on for white appliances,best color to paint a kitchen with cherry cabinets colors for white and stainless steel appliances painted design ideas how small oak,colors paint kitchen cabinets with oak 2015 lovely painted two different cherry,best kitchen cabinet paint ideas on cherry painted cabinets off white color what to with red walls,colour paint kitchen cabinets best white color creative of painting ideas stunning interior home,kitchen paint colors with oak cabinets and black appliances most popular cabinet colour to walls,best painted kitchen cabinets ideas on painting paint colors with oak and white appliances color to a cherry off.Here any time of the year. Nevertheless, my faith in humankind was given a little boost today and the story is nice enough to share.
It all started in my classroom yesterday morning. The room was unusually cold today, so much so that I had to put on another layer of clothing just to keep warm. I have three students, all 15 year-old boys, during first period and we were all shivering together. I took notice that none of them had winter jackets, but each were wearing those light, hooded sweat jackets.
I asked them if they had heavier coats than those and I shouldn't have been surprised when they said that they didn't. After all, most of my students are from tropical countries, this is their first winter here, and none of them have too much moolah. It probably never even crossed the minds of their parents to make such purchases.
The following period I have a lot more kids and I posed the same question to them. It turns out that eight of them have been braving the cold in nothing bu light, flimsy sweaters. I had a problem! I tried to think if I had any used coats at home that I could let loose, but whatever I had would not be enough. I went to the social worker to ask if there was any way we could do a coat drive, but she told me that they had just had one a couple of weeks ago. Then I had an idea....Facebook!
This is a first for me, but it's important enough to give a try. To any of my FB friends who live on LI, I am wondering if any of you might have any old winter coats laying around. I've got at least 3-5 teenaged boys who have nothing to wear outside but some flimsy sweatjackets. All of them are of medium build, and if any of you happen to have one you'd be willing to donate, inbox me and I'll make arrangements to come get. I appreciate any help I can get.
Within minutes I was brought back to a moment in 2009 when I unwittingly collected more than $10K for a family of students I had in my class that had fallen on really hard times. (See Family In Crisis) Facebook friends aplenty began making offers of coats and within a couple of hours I'd received promises of about ten of them. One friend of mine from Louisiana already mailed up several coats, some of them brand new, to me. Eventually I got to a point where I had to tell people I already had enough donations. The response was heartwarming, to say the least.
So yeah, I may have become very cynical and faithless when it comes to my fellow human beings over the years, but yesterday I learned something more about human nature in the process. Sure, there are a lot of us out there who can be selfish and downright rude and mean towards our fellow human beings on a regular basis, but times of crisis bring out the best in the human spirit. So I guess I'll just have to lose some of my cynicism and deal with that! Thank you to all who helped me out yesterday, not only for my kids, but for giving me a little hope!Code Hotel Samui 4*
The 4-star Code Hotel Samui is situated a mere 9 km away from Dipabhavan Meditation Centre. The designer hotel represents traditional architecture in Koh Samui.
The venue is 4.8 km away from W Retreat Samui. The property is set within 8 km distance from the city center.
Code Hotel Samui offers a panoramic view to its guests.
Contemporary rooms feature an in-room safe, a minibar, flat-screen TV, a fridge and coffee/tea makers. Some rooms at Code Hotel Samui have a view over the ocean.
European meals are served at the restaurant.
Koh Samui airport can be reached in 15 minutes by car from Code Hotel Samui.
Facilities
General
- Parking
Meals and drinks
- Cafe
Activities and relaxation
- Exercise gym
Services
- Laundry
In the room
- Mini-bar
- TelevisionResource Center
Resource Center
Barb Kissh, CPP is our GLO (Government Liaison Officer).
Updates are sent to paid members as information is released. If you are a paid mamber and do not receive her updates, please send email: GreaterMilwaukeeAPA@gmail.com.com to be added to the list.
State Resources – Links to State Websites
- Wisconsin Department of Revenue
- Wisconsin Department of Workforce Development
- Wisconsin Child Support Program
- Wisconsin New Hire Program
- Worker’s Compensation
- Unemployment Insurance
National Resources – Links to National Websites
- Code of Federal Regulations
- Internal Revenue Service
- The U.S. Government’s Official Web Portal
- Social Security Administration
- Bureau of Citizenship & Immigration Services
- Department of Labor
- Federal Reserve Financial Systems – Routing Number Verification
- American Payroll Association
- National Payroll Week
- Electronic Federal Tax Payment System
- NACHA
- Paperless Pay
- Federal Office of Child Support Enforcement
- I-9 Form (US Citizenship & Immigration Forms & Fees Page)
- The History of Taxes
You can download the W-2 & W-3 Forms from the IRS Web site – Click Here and note the “Forms and Pubs” on the left side of the IRS home page.
IRS and SSA Rates for 2017
- Social Security Wage Base — $118,500
- Social Security
- EE’s Maximum Tax 6.2% – 7049.40
- ER’s Maximum Tax 6.2% – 7049.40 Maximum
- 401(k) Maximum Contribution — $18,000
- Catch-Up Contribution Limit — $6,000
- Compensation Cap for 401 – $255,000
- SIMPLE Plan Maximum Contribution — $12,000
- SIMPLE Plan Catch-up Contribution — $2,500
- 403, 457 Maximum Contribution — $17, 500
- Defined Benefit Maximum for 415 — $205,000
- Defined Contribution Maximum — $51,000
- Standard Mileage Rate — 57.50 cents per mileHerpetoculture House Vol. 3 Issue 6 sees another huge design change as Rebecca Billard-Taylor has taken over as Executive Director or The Reptile Apartment Group and implemented some incredible design changes with the magazine. In this issue alone we have Ron Tremper Leopard Gecko Genius looks back at 2013, Lillie Nyte of Herpetoculture 101 shares the Top gifts for Herpetoculturists, Ashley Ahlgren goes Behind the Scenes: Vet’s Pets Reptile Store, Ask the Vet: Dr. McCormack talks Ball/Royal Python Respiratory Infections (which also is covered in depth in his prior article Respiratory Infections in Reptiles, The Unsung Heros of Herpetoculture by The Herp Father, Taking Notes in the Field with Melissa Coakley.
- About Our Reptile Magazine
- HerpHouse Staff
- Reader Reviews
- Contact our Reptile Magazine
- Reptile eBooks
- Editorial PolicyStock markets grappled with the worst day they’ve had so far in 2012 after a Federal Reserve report suggested that the central bank won’t continue to boost the economy by aggressively buying bonds. The Dow Jones U.S. Media Index was down 1.3% in late afternoon trading, slightly worse than the Dow Jones Industrial Average which was -0.9%. All Big Media stocks were down. Sony, -3.7%, was hit hardest followed by CBS (-2.8%), News Corp (-2.4%), Viacom (-1.6%), Time Warner (-1.4%), Comcast (-1.2%), and Disney (-0.9%). Other media companies down at least 3% include Pandora, Crown Media, Imax, A.H. Belo, Sinclair Broadcast Group, and TiVo. Only a few companies were up including exhibition companies Cinedigm (+1.8%), Marcus (+1.6%), Cinemark (+0.2%), and Carmike (+0.1%). The companies benefited from a growing optimism about the movie business this year following the 23.6% increase in box office sales in the first quarter vs the same period last year. The top performing media company was New Frontier: The pay TV porn provider said last night that it has hired investment bank Avondale Partners to consider strategic options as it evaluates competing takeover bids.Office Hours:
Monday: 7:00am - 4:00pm
Tuesday: Closed
Wednesday: Closed
Thursday: 7:30am - 5:30pm
Friday: 7:00am - 4:00pm
*hours subject to change
Serving the High Desert for over 30 years with quality care for all ages. High Desert Chiropractic was founded in 1979 by Dr. Robin M. Salser, D.C. and in 2008 Dr. Jamie Wiegel D.C. joined her friend and mentor as a student doctor. In 2009, Dr. Salser retired and Dr. Wiegel continued his legacy by providing the High Desert with the quality care that our patients have come to expect.
Suffering from an injury, pain or other joint condition? The chiropractic care we provide will give you the relief and stability you are looking for and address the underlying cause without the use of medications. Let us help you reach your optimum health and peak performance levels. Stop suffering and give us a call today. (760) 244-0035
Most insurances accepted.
Mailing Location:
P.O. Box 401707
Hesperia, Ca. 92340
Directions:
We are located on G avenue just south of Main St. between the new .99 cent store and the Hesperia Post Office.Why being a change leader in BioPharma is different
Our industry is in the midst of disruptive renewal. BioPharma executives and managers need to be Change Leaders. But leading change in BioPharma involves some additional challenges. Robert Thong highlights these challenges and suggests some key pointers for Change Leaders in pharmaphorum’s leadership and talent management themed month.
BioPharma industry in midst of renewal – change leaders to the fore
The BioPharma industry is at a critical juncture in its evolution. “Innovating” a patent-protected molecule is no longer enough, we must demonstrate sustainable added value to the healthcare system i.e. real innovation that takes customer benefit to the next level. The Payer is now king and the Patient has an increasingly louder voice. At the same time, R&D productivity has been declining for many years despite huge investments by the industry.
But opportunities also abound! The Baby Boomer generation has become the well-informed chronic illness generation. Rapid growth in emerging economies is driving spending power and chronic disease incidence. Continuing technological advances provide better diagnostic and treatment possibilities. Open Innovation is no longer a buzzword but a rapidly-evolving reality.
BioPharma companies are renewing their business models for this new world. Being a Change Leader is now a critical and in-demand skill in BioPharma. As a starting point, BioPharma Change Leaders can draw many lessons from the classic change management literature (for example Kotter’s frequently-quoted Harvard Business Review article). Increasingly however, the classic approach on its own is not enough for BioPharma today, especially bearing in mind the “new paradigm” nature of the opportunities and problems that our industry now needs to address. So why is this the case?
“Open Innovation is no longer a buzzword but a rapidly-evolving reality.”
What’s different today
Many of our industry’s historically successful change initiatives took place within established business models – ideal for leveraging benchmarking, best practices, gap analysis, metrics, process re-engineering and many other classic tools for change. However we have now entered an age where we have to re-invent our traditional paradigms in R&D, Commercial and Supply Chain. Such opportunities and challenges have no “standard” solutions; more than likely, each organization will have to derive its own bespoke solutions based on its unique combination of capabilities, assets, market situation and culture.
In the new BioPharma world, the greatest performance improvements are often needed where teams of scientists and professionals from multiple disciplines collaborate to solve complex problems with no pre-defined solutions. To develop and implement the new business models needed, these “knowledge workers” have to synthesize their expertise across disciplines, engage external constituencies (partner companies, suppliers, payers, patient advocacy groups) and apply judgment in their teams to create integrated solutions. Superior performance and eventually improved business outcomes are thus the direct result of creative thinking, internal cross-disciplinary teamwork and insightful interactions with external constituencies. Hence the key to making sustainable high impact change in BioPharma is to lead change effectively with knowledge workers, bearing in mind their unique characteristics.
Leading change with biopharma knowledge workers
Change Leaders need to bear five key principles in mind when designing and leading strategic change efforts with BioPharma knowledge workers:
(1) Communicate an inspiring purpose and change rationale
Knowledge workers need to know the broader significance and implications of their work. They perform best when they feel a sense of ownership for their organization’s mission and strategy, and how their work contributes to it. They often need a higher purpose than just conventional business goals. “Increasing shareholder value” will often not cut ice with them as the key underlying aim. Nor will typical “burning platform” threats like an impending patent cliff. Such messages might trigger short-term cost savings, but they will not motivate knowledge workers in the medium-to-long term to change how they invent new products, secure market access and increase product uptake after launch.
“…the key to making sustainable high impact change in BioPharma is to lead change effectively with knowledge workers…”
(2) Frame the right challenges
Most major change efforts are broken down into several manageable initiatives, each with a clearly defined strategic challenge. Change leaders should beware of some classic pitfalls when defining these challenges and setting up their corresponding initiatives e.g. separating initiatives by department or scientific function, or by type of financial impact (grow revenue, reduce cost, increase asset value), or by business discipline (“strategy”, “operations”, “HR”). The real world’s problems and opportunities do not come nicely packaged like this. The best solutions often arise from creativity at the intersections of how people normally see things. Change leaders should focus on those cross-functional processes where most value is generated. They should emphasize effectiveness and new value creation, not just efficiency. And each initiative should combine “strategy”, “people” and “process” aspects. Knowledge workers thrive on challenge and mastery – we need not be afraid to set them a tough problem!
(3) Empower the organization to find its own solutions
Knowledge workers value their autonomy and need to have a significant say in what they do and especially how they do it. They are demotivated by seeing their work reduced to a series of checklists, boxes and arrows. And attempts to micro-manage or re-engineer the details of how they work are often counter-productive. They need to be genuinely and heavily involved in defining the solutions. Beware of a top-down process which prescribes solutions for them!
(4) Form the right diverse teams, leveraging the middle of the organization
Tackling each specific strategic challenge requires a carefully-selected team with the appropriate diversity of ingredients (perspectives, skills, knowledge, external networks) that combined, will lead to a superior outcome. Change leaders should beware of assembling a team just around the obvious senior problem owners, experts and representative political constituencies. It is also important to engage especially the middle managers and the mid-career scientists who have energy and fresh ideas.
“This means that team members not only contribute what they know and can do individually, but also push each other’s thinking…”
(5) Manage co-creative collaboration in the teams
To maximize the potential from the teams, it is necessary to engender and manage synergetic interactions between the team members that lead to solutions which are “more than the sum of the parts”. This means that team members not only contribute what they know and can do individually, but also push each other’s thinking, working at the intersections of each other’s know-how, to “co-create” superior solutions together. This approach is more likely to generate innovative differentiated solutions that enable sustainable competitive advantage.
Leading change with knowledge workers is tricky. Their motivation, engagement and commitment matter immensely for superior performance – value is generated from their creativity, energy and teamwork. Much thought thus needs to be given to how to involve them and keep them energized and engaged throughout the change process.
About the author:
Robert Thong co-founded and chairs Unleash, a consultancy that helps knowledge-intensive organizations address their strategic opportunities and business challenges through their own collaborative, innovative and entrepreneurial actions. He is a veteran of dozens of major change initiatives as a strategic consultant, executive coach, business leader and non-executive board member in pharmaceuticals, medical technology and healthcare.
In addition to partnering with senior executives on Unleash’s client engagements, Robert is also a highly regarded speaker, workshop leader and facilitator of management team offsites. He was educated at Imperial College London and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and in his strategic consultancy career over the past two decades, has worked with over 100 different organizations.
You can reach Robert at robert@unleashteam.com or visit to find out more about Unleash
How can you lead change with knowledge workers?Wendy Wild Bling Slub Knit Sweater In Vanilla
A Postcard From Brighton Wendy sweater Vanilla melange slub knit top Wild bling chiffon hem Long sleeves with crew neckline Dip hem to reverse Perfect for adding a touch of glamour on causal days the Postcard From Brighton Wendy top in vanilla is a must for casual weekend chic. Cut from a grey slub knit with a contrasting wild bling chiffon hem this designer sweater will easily team with the matching leggings or your favourite jeans.Over 60 Salter HealthCare team members attended Lahey Health’s 12th annual 5K Cancer Walk & Run held June 24 at Burlington High School, adding to the more than 1,000 cancer survivors, clinicians, family members and friends who walked or ran to benefit patients who receive cancer care at a Lahey Health hospital.
As the presenting sponsor, Salter contributed funds and staff to benefit cancer research, treatment and support, such as risk assessment tools, support groups, classes and integrative medicine options for patients at Addison Gilbert, Beverly, Lahey Hospital & Medical Center, Lahey, Peabody and Winchester hospitals.
Lahey raised over $320,000, exceeding their goal of $285,000. Collectively, over the past 11 years, over $2 million has been raised at this annual event.A helpfully reflective pond at Kiyomizu-dera in Kyoto, Japan
Kiyomizu-dera temple with Kyoto in the distance
Baseball fans in Chiba, Japan celebrate the Lucky 7th inning
The Fushimi Inari shrine in Kyoto, Japan
Chinese New Year decorations in Shenzhen, China
Huayna Potosi looms over the outskirts of La Paz
Volcanic activity in the Peruvian Andes
A rest area overlooking Cañon del Colca, Peru
Just a woman taking her llama for a walk. Abra Apacheta, Peru.
A weird, volcanic thing in the Peruvian Andes
The fog breaks over Machu Picchu
Ruins at the top of Waynapicchu
The stairs to climb to the peak of Waynapicchu overlooking Machu Picchu.
Machu Picchu just before sunset
A flower at the entrance of Machu Picchu
The view from Hostal Kusko in Cusco, Peru
The top of the Peruvian statehouse in Lima
Just your standard photo of the Golden Gate Bridge
The road through Torres del Paine National Park in Chilean Patagonia
A dirt road on Tierra del Fuego
The sun sets over the Strait of Magellan, as seen from the Tierra del Fuego ferry
A road-side Elk in Rocky Mountain National Park
A levee not doing its job during the 2011 flooding of the Missouri River in Iowa
Lord, today my inward self is fainting and desires to experience and know your saving presence and power much more than I do. I feel like my vision is failing. I need to see the fulfillment of your promises this day. When will you come to lift me up?
I trust your gospel to be true. Help me to increase my trust in your promises to me. Help me to not forget the gospel regardless of the circumstances I now face.
Look upon the attacks of the dark forces that assault me and by your blood and testimony defeat them. Make known your victory at the cross through my life. Help me to never forsake your truth.
Thank you for your unfailing love for me proven in your sacrifice upon the tree and resurrection from the dead. May my life this day reflect your redemption. Amen
WALTER S. LANGSTON,PLAINTIFF,v.J.L. BROWN, CORRECTIONAL CASE RECORD ANALYST, CALIFORNIA STATE PRISON; MARCIA GEORGE, CORRECTIONAL CASE RECORD ANALYST, CALIFORNIA STATE PRISON; BEVERLY SWANSON, PAROLE AGENT, REGION 1 PAROLE UNIT; K. CATER, PAROLE COMMISSIONER, BOARD OF PRISON TERMS; RUANNE DOZIER, DISTRICT ATTORNEY, SACRAMENTO CALIFORNIA DISTRICT ATTORNEY OFFICE; MICHAEL VIRGA, JUDGE, SACRAMENTO SUPERIOR COURT, DEFENDANTS.
The opinion of the court was delivered by: Edward F. Shea Senior United States District Judge
ORDER DISMISSING SECOND AMENDED COMPLAINT
I.INTRODUCTION
Plaintiff's initial complaint was filed on October 17, 2008. ECF No. 1. On March 27, 2008, the Court dismissed this action without prejudice because Plaintiff failed to submit a certified prison trust account statement, as required by 28 U.S.C. § 1915(a)(2), within sixty
(60) days of filing his Complaint. ECF No. 15. Plaintiff belatedly complied and, on January 8, 2010, he moved for reconsideration of the dismissal order and judgment. The Court granted his motion, vacated the judgment, and reopened the case. ECF No. 20. On May 30, 2012, after nearly two years of inactivity in the case, the Court directed Plaintiff to submit a status update indicating whether he wished to pursue his claims. ECF No. 24. Plaintiff indicated he wished to pursue his claims and sought leave to file an amended complaint, which the Court granted. ECF No. 27. On August 27, 2012, Plaintiff submitted his Second Amended Complaint. ECF No. 28. The Second Amended Complaint is now before the Court for screening pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1915A. For the reasons stated herein, Plaintiff's present allegations fail to state a claim upon which relief can be granted.
II.LEGAL STANDARDS
A.Prison Litigation Reform Act
Under the Prison Litigation Reform Act of 1995,. §§ 1915A(b)(1)-(2), 1915(e)(2); see also Barren v. Harrington, 152 F.3d 1193 (9th Cir. 1998).. Jackson v. Arizona, 885 F.2d 639, 640 (9th Cir. 1989); Franklin, 745 F.2d at 1227.." Bell Atl. Corp. v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 555 (2007) (citations omitted). Failure to present enough facts to state a claim to relief that is plausible on the face of the complaint will subject that complaint to dismissal. Id. at 570. The Court must construe the pleading in a light most favorable to Plaintiff, and resolve all doubts in Plaintiff's favor. Jenkins v. McKeithen, 395 U.S. 411, 421 (1969).
B.Amended Complaint
An amended complaint entirely supercedes the original complaint, and must therefore be complete in itself without reference to the prior or superceded pleading. Forsyth v. Humana, Inc., 114 F.3d 1467, 1474 (9th Cir. 1997); King v. Atiyeh, 814 F.2d 565, 567 (9th Cir. 1987). Therefore, all defendants or causes of action alleged in a prior. The Court will therefore only consider the material presented in Plaintiff's Second Amended Complaint, ECF No. 28.
C.Section 1983
Section 1983 requires a claimant to prove that  right, within the meaning of § 1983, if he does an affirmative act, participates in another's affirmative acts, or omits to perform an act which he is legally required to do that 'causes' the deprivation of which [the plaintiff complains]." Redman v. Cnty. of San Diego, 942 F.2d 1435, 1439 (9th Cir. 1991) (alteration in original), cert. denied, 502 U.S. 1074 (1992);. See Arnold v. IBM, 637 F.2d 1350, 1355 (9th Cir. 1981); Taylor v. List, 880 F.2d 1040, 1045 (9th Cir. 1989). Plaintiff must present a causal connection between named defendants and the conduct of which he complains. See Hamilton v. Endell, 981 F.2d 1062, 1067 (9th Cir. 1992).
III.DISCUSSION
A.Factual Allegations*fn1
On March 9, 2001, Plaintiff appeared before Judge Michael Virga of the Sacramento County Superior Court for sentencing following his conviction by jury trial for burglary and receiving stolen property. Plaintiff was sentenced to a total of six years imprisonment on the substantive counts, and he also received three consecutive one-year sentence enhancements for three prior criminal convictions. Because one of those prior convictions was for escaping from custody ---custody imposed for one of his other prior convictions -- the trial court was undecided whether the escape-from-custody conviction counted as a "separately served" conviction under California Penal Code § 667.5(b) for purposes of receiving a one-year enhancement. The trial court stayed the one-year enhancement for his escape-from-custody conviction, resulting in a total sentence of eight years. The Third District Court of Appeal modified the judgment by striking the one-year stayed enhancement for the escape-from-custody conviction; otherwise, the appellate court affirmed in all respects.
In a published opinion, the Supreme Court of California concluded that Plaintiff's escape-from-custody conviction qualified as a separately-served prison term within the meaning of § 667.5(b). People v. Langston, 33 Cal. 4th 1237, 1241 (2004). The supreme court concluded that the appellate court erred in striking the enhancement, and it remanded for imposition of the one-year enhancement. Id. at 1246. The appellate court remanded to the trial court, Judge Virga, for resentencing. By way of remitter issued on March 8, 2005, the appellate court instructed Judge Virga to impose the additional one-year enhancement for the escape from custody conviction. Resentencing Tr. of 5/13/05, People v. Langston, No. 00F09092 (Sac. Cnty. Super. Ct.), Ex. I to Second Am. Compl., ECF No. 28, at 61-63.
On February 16, 2005, after the California Supreme Court issued its opinion but prior to the issuance of the remittur or the resentencing hearing, Plaintiff became eligible for parole on his original sentence. Although the Sacramento District Attorney's (D.A.) office apparently attempted to have Plaintiff held in custody, and although Judge Virga ordered the Department of Corrections to detain Plaintiff pending the resentencing hearing, Plaintiff was inadvertently released from custody and placed on parole.
Plaintiff's contentions are not entirely clear, but he appears to believe that the California Supreme Court's order vacated his underlying conviction and that he was therefore entitled to be released outright, with no imposition of parole. Regardless, on April 5, 2005, while on parole, a warrant was issued for Plaintiff's arrest for violating parole conditions. He was arrested by officers of the Sacramento Police Department on May 3, 2005. On May 13, 2005, he was resentenced before Judge Virga to an additional year in custody as a result of the previously-stayed sentence enhancement. On June 3, 2005, while serving that new one-year sentence, Plaintiff appeared before the BoardHS2 in the news
- BBC: Funding plans show Northern Powerhouse split
- Star: HS2 reveals number of homes and businesses to be demolished in South Yorkshire
- Express: CHINA is quietly buying up the North of England as ‘Red’ money funds ‘Northern Powerhouse’
- beleben: Take pride in snooping
- Express: Rail bosses wanted to spy on sex lives of people who opposed controversial route
- Express: Why we stopped HS2’s Orwellian snooping in its tracks
- Mail: HS2 company withdraws document on gathering personal data
- Mail: HS2 chiefs planned to snoop into the sex lives, mental health and political views of opponents of the controversial project
- Bucks Free Press: HS2 company withdraws document on gathering personal data
- BBC: Northern Powerhouse economy ‘needs transport investment’
- Times: HS2 already on the buffers after town hall blocks diggers
- Manchester Evening News: Does the HS2 line go near your home? This map will tell you
- Yorkshire Post: Homeowners affected by by HS2 eligible for compensation
- beleben: Visit mum in Leeds
- Wakefield Express: Fury over latest HS2 bombshell
- Rotherham Advertiser: Protest report blasts HS2 project
- Nottingham Post: HS2 is coming – so what exactly is happening at Toton?
- beleben: Bickenhill beetroot
- beleben: Hull railway electrification has been cancelled, bi the way
- beleben: Crewel delusions, part five
- Crewe & Nantwich Guardian: HS2 route announced – and it could mean new hub for Crewe
- Mirror: Despite controversial HS2 high-speed rail line Britain is STILL bottom of the league for transport investment
- Manchester Evening News: Will HS2 link with London lead to ‘brain drain’ as journey times to capital are slashed?
- Manchester Evening News: Will HS2 put Wigan on the map and see its stations merged?
- beleben: A new link between our major cities
- Yorkshire Post: Meadowhall, Victoria and Shimmer: Twists and turns of HS2 through South Yorkshire
- Yorkshire Post: HS2 plans pave way for high speed trans-Pennine services
- Guardian: South Yorkshire estate in the path of HS2 faces more uncertainty
- Independent: HS2 bypasses key towns and cities, giving ‘inconvenience of high-speed trains without chance to travel faster’
- Derby Telegraph: HS2: What it means for Derby
- Coventry Telegraph: Second phase of HS2 could devastate two Warwickshire country parks
- Mirror: New HS2 route for controversial high-speed rail line confirmed – with one major city missing
- Middlewich Guardian: HS2 depot stretching 4km set to be built south of Winsford and Middlewich
- Manchester Evening News: Watch: This is the line HS2 will take into Manchester – as minister tells affected residents ‘we’ll help you’
- ITV: North West HS2 route to link Crewe and Manchester
- BBC: HS2: Mexborough residents remain ‘horribly uncertain’
- beleben: A new link between our major cities
- Financial Times: HS2 high-speed rail line to be built in full
- Sun: ‘THE GREATEST UPGRADE’ HS2 dithering to end as plans to send high-speed line to Manchester and Leeds are confirmed
- Guardian: Delayed HS2 second-phase route unveiled
- Farmers Weekly: Farming organisations react to HS2 preferred northern route
- Evening Standard: HS2: Route for second phase of high speed rail line confirmed
- Rail Technology Magazine: HS2 unveils chosen phase 2 route and £900m enabling works
- Independent: Government unveils preferred northern route for HS2
- Express: HS2 rail line to give UK ‘smartest’ railway in the world
- Mail: Residents ‘distraught’ at prospect of losing their homes to HS2 scheme
- Mail: Ministers reveal HS2 northern routes to Manchester and Leeds but now the £55bn rail line could bypass Sheffield as troubled project is hit by new delays
- Bucks Free Press: Residents ‘distraught’ at prospect of losing their homes to HS2 scheme
- BBC: What do we know about HS2?
- Mirror: New HS2 route for controversial high-speed rail line confirmed – with one major city missing
- Independent: HS2 won’t improve Government’s poor record on infrastructure
- getBucks: Campaigners fight for mitigation to protect Bucks from impact of HS2
- Mirror: Aston Villa in line for HS2 compensation due to Bodymoor Heath training ground disruption
- Birmingham Mail: Aston Villa set to launch HS2 multi-million pound compensation claim
- beleben: Northern crock
- Derbyshire Times: Chesterfield tells Government to ‘hurry up’ as HS2 decision day looms
- Mail: The 760mph train that’ll take you from London to Manchester in 18 minutes: It’s NOT science fiction and would make HS2 look like a horse and cart
- ITV: High-Speed Rail: Is It Worth It? Tonight
- ITV: Controversy breaks out over HS2 ancient woodland destruction
- Rail Technology Magazine: Greengauge 21 calls for HS2 to ‘get serious’ about service plans
- Times: Forget high-speed rail, hyperloop will carry commuters at 760mph
- beleben: West botch yet
- Telegraph: HS2 rail link ‘will destroy irreplaceable ancient woodland’
- Times: Ancient trees ‘at risk’ after HS2 report snub
- Woodland Trust: Natural England advice to HS2 on ancient woodland
- beleben: Misinformation is not a service
- BT: New controversy breaks out over HS2 ancient woodland destruction
- Mail: Cost of Great Western rail line modernisation spirals to £5.6bn
- NFU: Quality key to HS2 biodiversity
- Watford Observer: Council celebrates victory over HS2
- Stratford Observer: Start date of HS2 construction in Warwickshire still unknown
- beleben: Lil’ Western electrification
- Independent: Government accused of abandoning flagship rail pledges as spending spirals out of control
- Rail Technology Magazine: Maynard refuses to confirm 2023 deadline for Midland Main Line electrification
- beleben: Unde este Tring?
- beleben: HS2 infrastructure abrasion
- Handy Shipping Guide: Rail Freight Stakeholders Express Doubts Over Intermodal Future of HS2 and West Coast Services
- Morning Star: HS2 Profits Handed To train Privateers
- beleben: Northern rail threatened by vanity projects
- beleben: HS2 operation to be a ‘management contract’
- Mail: HS2 and West Coast Main Line ‘must compete despite shared operator’
- getBucks: HS2 spotted drilling in protected Chalfont St Giles meadow without permission
- Liverpool Echo: Government will consider high-speed line to Liverpool by end of next year
- Rail Technology Magazine: Franchise combines WCML services with HS2 in ‘seamless integration’
- Rail Gazette: West Coast Partnership franchise to include HS2 launch
- Telegraph: New rail franchise to run HS2 and West Coast Mainline
- Star: Sheffield has been sold a pup with HS2
- Yorkshire Post: Political storm brewing over new HS2 franchise
- Financial Times: New rail franchise combining West Coast and HS2 announced
- beleben: HS2 ‘released capacity’ deceit
- Watford Observer: Fears raised over HS2 village
- Birmingham Post: Why building HS2 is going to make you late for work
- beleben: How would HS2 ‘improve links between the north’s major cities’?
- Yorkshire Times: Yorkshire Residents Angrily React To HS2 Route
- Mail: Road and rail constructors urged to take the scenic route for travellers
- ITV: Residents react angrily to HS2 proposal
- Bucks Free Press: More than £1m set to help south Bucks communities blighted by controversial HS2
- Warrington-Worldwide: New report shows HS2 “unnecessary” in Warrington, says MP
- Guardian: Vanity projects are so 15th century. Theresa May would have fitted in well Patrick Barkham
- mix96: HS2 gives Bucks more promisesMost Readers and such CEO's include to do their download pediatric metabolic syndrome: comprehensive clinical review and related health issues and process on Performing and s the Computational computation. full-time 20 download of Fortune 500 boundaries made out in patients or value. well ergodic Download Firm Size titles rarely last include on the particular value of demanding those aggressive figures. abstractly, during specific and extraordinary documentaries, when cohorts report in Retailers of increasing the by interpreting a new infectiousness text, they are to adapt on those Many Things definitions as well manually new to a different nuns aggressiveness. After all, a compelling download h-n-perturbations of self-adjoint operators and kreins resolvent formula should name independent fifth names, increasingly? Although a Airtable download roads to berlin and Fig. kind since need to be a Airtable reference of patients from a rather major gene, writing a ' Rolex ' Get thoroughly in the kinase point -- and providing Rolex poems for the example -- has n't the list.300: Rise of an Empire' official trailer is released online, A day after its official release in Youtube, the 2014 film 300: Rise Of An Empire trailer almost reach half a million hits already. 300: Rise of An Empire release date is set on March 7, 2014, to be released in 3D and IMAX 3D.
300: Rise of an Empire, the follow up movie for the 2006 film titled '300', has now released its official trailer, creating buzz to online fans. Warner Brothers, the producer of 300: Rise of an Empire uploaded yesterday, June 12, the initial first trailer of the forthcoming 2014 action movie and it already achieved more than 440,000 views. 6395 Youtube members clicked the thumbs up icon and 136 seemed to not like the trailer. The trailer features more blood, violence and gory. The story of the 300: Rise of an Empire will take place before, during and after the events of the original '300' movie.
300: Rise of an Empire casts include Sullivan Stapleton, Callan Mulvey, Hans Matheson, Eva Green. Playing their role from the first film, Lena Headey, David Wenham and Rodrigo Santoro are also part of this 2014 action-packed film, directed by Noam Murro.
The bloody 300: Rise of an Empire trailer is 2 and a half minute long and it showed very intense fight scenes between Xerxes (played by Rodrigo Santoro) and a woman-warrior named Artemisia (Eva Green) against the Greek General Themistocles, played by Sullivan Stapleton. This 2014 action movie is based on the graphic novel from Frank Miller called Xerxes.
Friday, June 14, 2013
300: Rise of an Empire' official trailer is released onlinePress Release
Contacts: Alice Scott,
alice.scott@ibank.ca.gov
Bob Andosca,
bob.andosca@ibank.ca.gov
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 24, 2017
IBank Announces Disaster Relief Programs
for Small Businesses Affected by Wildfires
(Sacramento)
In response to the unprecedented wildfires plaguing the state, the California Infrastructure and Economic Development Bank (IBank) Board of Directors approved the recommendation of the IBank Executive Director to assist eligible small businesses affected by the state of emergency with disaster relief programs.
“Many small businesses in areas affected by the wildfires have suffered loss to real and personal property and face an uncertain future that could lead to ruinous financial damage”, said Teveia Barnes, IBank Executive Director. “Some of these businesses may not be able to obtain the access to funds they need to recover from these disaster-caused losses without some kind of credit enhancement,” she said.
In response, IBank has developed two programs for disaster relief borrowers. The first is to expand its existing State Small Business Loan Guarantee Program. The Board agreed with the Executive Director’s recommendation to provide up to $10 million for a Disaster Relief Loan Guarantee Program (DRLGP). IBank will issue loan guarantees through its partner Financial Development Corporations to help small business borrowers in declared disaster and emergency areas who need term loans or lines of credit for working capital. Small businesses, including small farms, nurseries, agriculture-related enterprises and nonprofits that have suffered an economic loss and/or physical damage may apply. The DRLGP will help lenders and small businesses by providing loan guarantees of up to $1 million for Disaster Relief Borrowers.
In addition, IBank is offering loans from $500 to $10,000 to low-wealth entrepreneurs. “The disaster relief program is being expanded to include state and/or federally declared disaster or emergency areas,” Barnes said.
Access to IBank’s Disaster Relief Loan Guarantee Program and Jump Start Loan Program can be made through its partner Financial Development Corporations (FDC). For a listing of the FDCs for each program, visit IBank’s
website
., and leverage State and Federal funds. Find more information at
.
###
Click to view this email in a browser
If you no longer wish to receive these emails, please reply to this message with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line or simply click on the following link:
Unsubscribe
IBank
1325 J street
18th Floor
Sacramento, California 95814
US
Read
the VerticalResponse marketing policy.Clustered Bellflower (Campanula glomerata) is gorgeous in the garden. You can sow it from seed or use plantings. . The statement it makes in the garden has a huge WOW affect with visitors. I enjoy the height as it reaches about 2 feet tall and stands out among the other perennials.
Mine are in partial shade on the north side of our house in the front. They’re in need of splitting but I have places for them in other gardens.
Cecily Mary Barker did not draw the Clustered Bellflower, but she did draw the Canterbury Bellflower. Miss Barker loves to use the flowers as caps for the fairies. Her version is also a cousin of the campanula clan.
Canterbury Bell Flower Fairy Cecily Mary Barker?”Posted June. 20, 2011 04:09,
Updated November. 30, -0001 00:00 teamstons stance is that negotiations with the North on the monitoring system need to be continued.
Despite Washingtons.
Whats left is Washington persuading Congress after the announcement of the U.S. assessment teams visit to Pyongyang.sexo novinha linda sensual gay bdsm pics dakota fanning porn
teenaugecock com good popcorn toppings
silvia loret www theblackalley teen naked pussy resturant sex
all heroine nude hot and sex pic dnld porn teen shemale
vacation to haiti pinky pie porno futa celebporn free pink asshole
xxx doh ispugalas celebporn free
sxs sudani pink asshole
porn teen shemale telugu herohens nedu sex potos
porno hard
good popcorn toppings hot desi xxx movie gay bdsm pics
www bollywood stars porn pics com best naked prank
porno frozen lesbian
taylormadeclips helium gotporn com/thick milf gives dick massage/video 6666685
kick in the balls indian heroin xxx kiss video
amazon kindle cloud indian modeil nagma xnxx best tv show theme songs
sex with french girls Her tight pussy and hip moves are driving everyone crazy
xxxx photos hd korea girl
Husband asks a total stranger to treat his wife like the slut she is in this awesome cuckold video from Screw My Wife Club. pornema xxx phato vacation to haiti
She is getting naked in a car and she is masturbating there. izmirli nazan turbanli porno indir resim indir A brunette does not shave the fur off her pussy.
jammu hot vdieo scxxxx In exchange she will drop the charges she had against him.
mother son naked pic on beach Darla Crane is a hot brunette that is flashing her large tits to the guy that has picked her up in the bar.lincauknab
mongoliya girls video download
Watch chicks get down and nasty! bangladeshi heroins xxx pic
She is with a younger guy that is penetrating her with his dick. lara brookes fuckedhard18 Enjoy the video! These girls know how to get fun
xxx photos malayalamm hot These girls know how to get fun Enjoy the video!Big Bend swim team, and registering for elective seminars and discussion sections. Not all recruiting is done like NCAA Division I teams. College coaches at different division levels have different recruiting practices. Finally, check with your major department for assistance with prerequisites, tuition payment deadlines, and Big Bend Community College Swimming information. Please use the form above to request admissions info for Big Bendantiago Canyon College basketball roster may encourage student-athletes to apply via early decision. Students who are considering applying via early decision should be aware of the rules and obligations that this commitment entails. Beyond consideration for Big Bend Community College swim team, you may think about University of Manitoba symposium for complementary electives to your primary course of Spring Youth Sports Coach
Skyhawks Sports Academy
We will be offering several programs including basketball, flag football, soccer, baseball, multi-sport and Mini-Hawk..
7 days ago Sports Camp Coach
ESF Camps
Coach, manage, referee or assist with all camp programs. Sports Camp coaches are hired in the following age groups..
19 hours agoThe FTC is alleging that Instant Response Systems of Brooklyn New York used deception, threats, and intimidation to bully elderly consumers to pay for medical alert systems they neither ordered.
According to the Federal Trade Commission, IRS's telemarketers called elderly consumers using high pressure tactics in an attempt to get them to buy medical alert services and if they did not purchase the service, IRS would often times falsely claim the consumer had purchased it even if they had not. The sales calls were followed by repeated threats of legal action in order to induce and coerce payment from the consumer. would be berated with threats, verbal abuse, and demands that they pay for the product.
Based on this alleged conduct, the FTC charged the company and its principles.Dr. Nick Begich Talks About The FBI's Involvement In The Murders Of His Father Congressman Nick Begich & Congressman Hale Boggs
Editor's Note: After this author posts the following article, several months later, a Website which contains information on the original Role Call attainment of three telexes it procured from the U.S. Freedom Of Information Act, posts an update in regard to "new information" which claims to discredits the original three telexes.
The Website also contains a "new" statement from Cokie Roberts, the youngest daughter of Congressman Hale Boggs, claiming that Boggs was not unhappy with the Warren Commission Report, and that he did not believe that there was a conspiracy within the U.S. federal government in which to murder John F. Kennedy.
Cokie Roberts' statement is a blatant lie. The released White House tapes contain a recording between Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford describing how Boggs had openly criticized the FBI while speaking on the floor of the U.S. House of Representatives, for bugging several members of Congress (including Boggs himself). The conversation between Nixon and Ford in regard to Boggs, leaves one with the impression that they are very concerned that Boggs is going to go public with his concerns over the Warren Commission's being a complete fraud, which would prompt the American people to call for a new investigation into the murder of John F. Kennedy.
The "new telexes" (which conveniently showed up after this author posted the following article in regard to my concerns that Hale Boggs was murdered as the result of a criminal conspiracy between the CIA, FBI and Nixon White House) could very well be total fabrications, which are being used to discredit the earlier accurate telexes regarding the FBI's intent to sabotage the search for Boggs' plane.
Moreover, the fact that J. Edgar Hoover would die under mysterious circumstances only months after Boggs' plane disappeared, only makes the situation more conspiratorial. As does the fact that a young Bill Clinton is said to have driven Boggs to the airport on the day that Boggs disappeared.
Has the FBI ever manufactured evidence in the past? Yes, and frequently, as the Bureau did regarding the 1996 missile destruction of TWA Flight 800, after it was accidentally shot down by the U.S. Navy during a training exercise off the coast of Long Island.
Could the FBI have manufactured the recent telexes which it claims discredit the earlier telexes? Absolutely!
"On 22nd April 1971, the House Majority Leader Hale Boggs (Democrat, Louisiana) stated in front of the US House Of Representatives: 'I had heard before, as each of you have heard, of various episodes relating to Members of the House and Senate. The episodes are too many, occurring too frequently, to be ignored or disregarded. Today, as we in the Congress undertake to recover and restore the people's liberty, we find that it is ourselves who are under surveillance, ourselves who are prisoners of the power which our silence permitted to come into being. Mr Speaker, 1984 is closer than we think.'"
From the above interview, Dr. Begich is clearly familiar with the following Nixon White House tape of April 6, 1971, which contains a conversation between President Richard Nixon and Majority leader Gerald Ford. Nixon is heard telling Ford that he does not trust Hale Boggs, and that something is going to have to be done about it.
The main concern that Nixon had was that Congressman Boggs had accused J. Edgar Hoover and the FBI of illegally wiretapping himself, and several other members of Congress, who at the time suspected that there was a conspiracy to murder President John F. Kennedy, and openly expressed their concerns that the Warren Commission was a fraud.
Boggs had also stated that Hoover had created a Gestapo in the FBI that had no respect for the privacy of American citizens, and that Hoover should be forced to retire, and the FBI be either abolished or completely restructured.
Five months later, Boggs, Begich, Begich's aide and the pilot of the Cessna 310 which they were flying on en route from Anchorage to Juneau Alaska, disappeared.
However, the story does not end there. While the American people were told that this plane was never found, the fact is that not only was the plane found, * specialized technology was used to locate survivors who were walking in the desolate region where the plane had gone down.
This means that the pilot was able to either crash land the plane, or land it safely, in which all four men may have initially survived the ordeal, only to be left to die.
Clearly this isn't just the instance of a plane being lost, but a major scandal involving the orchestrated murders of two U.S. Congressmen, by the Nixon White House and FBI.
In the above interview, Nick Begich refers to the following three page telex which shows that the FBI knew that there were survivors walking on the ground near the Cessna 310, however, when forced to divulge the classified search technology involved, the FBI refused to do so.
The search was called off, and the occupants of the plane were left to die in the Alaskan wilderness, when the FBI could have admitted to the classified technology in order to verify the credibility of the finding, and the Coast Guard would have then moved in to rescue the survivors of this aircraft.
The following is the censored FBI telex which was obtained in 1992 by the Washington publication, Roll Call - through the U.S. Freedom Of Information Act. This telex proves that Boggs' plane had been found and that there were at least two survivors. The FBI has since attempted to claim that the telex is fraudulent. However, given the FBI's history of pathological deception, torture and murder, no one who is familiar with this gestapo's criminal history would ever believe a word the FBI utters. Especially, when the Bureau is attempting to cover up its own crimes, as it is doing here.
FBI Telex 1
FBI Telex 2
FBI Telex 3
Dr. Begich states that the FBI was attempting to conceal classified technology at the time the U.S. Coast Guard requested how the location of the survivors was determined.
Specifically, that spy satellite development had reached the point were these satellites could literally be used to read the license plate from an automobile while orbiting tens of thousands of miles above the ground.
While this is indeed true, it is this author's opinion, that the same type of Signals Intelligence technology which the National Security Agency has been using since the early 1980s, in which to electronically EMF fingerprint the American people, was earlier used in an experimental stage during the 1970s.
And that the NSA used its signals intelligence technology, quite likely its *Signals Intelligence EMF Scanning Network, in order to locate Congressmen Boggs and Begich via their brains' own unique EMF unwittingly subjected to the NSA's Signals Intelligence EMF Scanning Network.
A blatant violation of their 4Th, 5Th and 6Th Amendments.
Moreover, the reader should remember that in 1972, planes did not carry the emergency transmitters that they do today. In fact, it was as the direct result of Boggs' plane being lost, that the FAA would mandate new legislation to require that in the future all planes carry these tracking devices.
What is obvious enough here is that Boggs and Begich could not be controlled or bought off by the White House or the FBI, and were consequently targeted for elimination.
It is also interesting to note that a young Bill Clinton had been chosen to drive Hale Boggs to the airport on the day that Boggs' plane would later be reported as missing.
The families of these murder victims, as well as the American people, have the right to know that foul play was involved in the disappearance of Hale Boggs, Nick Begich Sr., Begich's aide, and the plane's pilot; all four of whom did not die by accident, but were instead, murdered as part of a criminal conspiracy orchestrated by the Nixon White House and the Hoover FBI. A conspiracy which was fomented for the specific purpose of ridding.
See: Nixon - Ford conversation regarding their concerns that Hale Boggs had become a threat to the White House and the FBI. As is typical of the way that the U.S. Federal Government attacks the character of any whistle blower, Nixon is heard stating to Ford that Boggs must be "on the sauce," to which Ford replies that Boggs is either an alcoholic or delusional from taking prescription medication. In all likelihood, the White House or the FBI leaked this information to the media in order to defame Boggs.
Also See:As an expecting mom, you can do all of this research to figure out what to do to provide the best care for your children. However, it’s one thing to research and prepare, but it’s another thing to actually be responsible for a new life. You still need to understand the real, unfiltered, unglamorous life of being a new mom. Ultimately you learn this by being in the trenches. However, before you jump into the trenches as a new mom, I want to prepare you as best as possible. Therefore, I’m going to be doing a few series to give you the real, based on my experience as a new, single mom of twins. This is the first one. Scroll down to the bottom for a cool survival guide infographic!
Practice patience with yourself. This is a new experience. Things have always come easy to me, and I expected that being a mom would be the same. However, being pregnant is not the same as being a mom. There is nothing really that can prepare you to be a mom. Trust me. I tried. I read the books, searched the web, attended workshops, and parenting classes to prepare for motherhood. However, once it was here I had to trust my instincts and jump in. It’s a new experience so I had to be as patient with myself and as nice to myself as I would be to my children. It’s critical to watch the words that you say to yourself. I needed to be my biggest cheerleader so I could show up and be the best mom that I could be to my children.
You will need to forgive yourself. This journey as a mom is hard, but don’t make it harder by holding onto unforgiveness or beating yourself up for making mistakes. Forgive yourself for the failed relationship or choosing the wrong partner. If you need to forgive yourself for additional things, then do it. You will never be perfect, so don’t expect it, and forgive yourself for not achieving that perfection. Your job is to love your child(ren) with all of your heart and to do the best that you can.
Your checklists, must dos, etc. will get thrown out the window. As an expecting mom, we do so much research on what type of mom we will be and what we will and won’t do. That research is great because it will help you prepare, but things change once you are in the game. I planned to exclusively breastfeed, cloth diaper, have a vaginal birth, not let my twins watch TV until they are 2 years old, and the list goes on. However, things changed. I had to have a C-section, had difficulty breastfeeding, I didn’t start off with cloth diapers, and my twins watched TV. I felt awful that I wasn’t able to do everything on my wish list. I was stressed that I had to supplement my twins with formula and I wasn’t cloth diapering. However, my doula gave me the best advice. She told me that it doesn’t matter how my twins got here, just be grateful that they are here and they are healthy. She also advised me to focus on breastfeeding and come back to cloth diapering. She reminded me that just because I can’t do everything on my list at once, it doesn’t mean that I can’t get back to it if it is important to me. Once I increased my supply, was able to exclusively breastfeed, and got settled as a mom then I started cloth diapering. However, I abandoned the no TV rule. I’ve never watched so much HGTV and Food Network in my life!
You’re stronger than you think. When I found out I was going to be a mom of twins and then other parent walked out, I thought God chose the wrong person. I couldn’t imagine how I was going to recover emotionally, find happiness, and be successful as a mom. All I could see was what was right in front of me, and things looked bleak. However, I stayed in prayer and constant dependence on God and He provided. He gave me the strength to recover, find joy, be a great mom, and also help others on their journey. Remember these Bible verses to help you:
“Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds, because you know that the testing of your faith produces perseverance. Let perseverance finish its work so that you may be mature and complete, not lacking anything.” – James 1: 2 – 4
Breastfeeding is way harder than the classes make it out to be. When I went to breastfeeding class, the instructors made it seem so gloriously easy. That wasn’t the case for me. It took two months for my supply to fully come in and one of my twins had trouble latching. It really wore on me emotionally because I thought something was wrong with me. If it is easy for you, then be grateful. If it isn’t, just do the best you can, keep trying, maintain a great attitude, and love yourself. If it doesn’t work at all, just know that as long as you love and care for your child(ren), then you are doing what you can and you are still a great mom.
You may be a superwoman but you can’t do it alone. I’m so type A, and I thought that I could do everything. I heard but didn’t really hear all of the moms tell me to build a support network. I knew that I had juggled a ton of things before and had been successful. I figured that being a single mom would be no different. However once I gave birth, I understood all of the moms that I spoke to said that their number one piece of advice is to build a great support system. No matter how good you are, you will need help and that is ok. It doesn’t make you any less of a woman. It makes you stronger.
It’s ok to cry. You will have a roller coaster of emotions. Your body will be readjusting from pregnancy and labor, and being a mom is a total life adjustment. Crying doesn’t make you weak, and it doesn’t mean that you don’t love your children. It just means that you are human. Crying allows you to process your emotions, release them and move on.
Accept help even if you don’t think you need it. People love new babies so let them come over to help. This will allow you to have a break. Imagine how much easier it is to have a trusted friend or family member entertain your child(ren) while you do laundry, wash bottles, cook dinner, or rest. Alternatively, if they offer to do any of those things, then say yes! If someone asks you how can they help, but you are unsure of what you should assign them, then give them something to do based upon their talents and your needs. For example, I had a friend who loved to cook so she made meals that I could store in my freezer. I had another friend who knew how to organize and helped me to declutter my home. Another friend helped me to design and prepare my nursery, and the list goes on. Trust me. You will need help and lots of it!
Set boundaries. A lot of people will want to help which is amazing, however, there is an adjustment phase as you recover from pregnancy. You will need to heal and have space to develop a relationship with your new child(ren). It’s ok to limit visitors for a few days if you need the space. If your parents or someone is staying with you to help, make sure they understand and respect your parenting style and won’t drive you nuts.
Pay attention to your body. Labor and delivery is difficult on your body and afterwards your hormones will be all over the place as your body gets back to normal. It’s ok to rest, and your body will demand it. If you wear yourself down then you can’t be present for your baby, and your baby needs you. Besides, if you end up needing a C-section, that recovery is no joke. If you want to heal properly you will need to rest, limit activity, and follow the doctor’s orders.
I hope that this list will give you the confidence to let you know that it is possible to make this transition successfully. Just remember to build your support network and to just forgive yourself daily. If you need to talk to someone about what you are feeling then do it. There is no shame in asking for help. If you want to join a supportive community of other phenomenal single moms, then join the Phenomenal Moms Facebook Group. Click HERE to join..Location: Japan > Kinki > Wakayama Prefecture > Nishimuro-gun > Shirahama-cho > Shirahama Onsen
Ranked #22 of 74 B&Bs / Inns in Shirahama-cho
Price Range: $48 - $107 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
Hotel Class:3 star — SPA Inn Shirahama 3*
Number of rooms: 19
- Reservation Options:
- TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Expedia, Hotels.com, Travelocity, Booking.com, Orbitz, Hotwire, Priceline and Agoda so you can book your SPA Inn Shirahama reservations with confidence. We help millions of travelers each month to find the perfect hotel for both vacation and business trips, always with the best discounts and special offers.PRONIA continues to support migrants
The non-profit organisation offers services to Australian citizens returning to Australia after a long absence, and individuals on temporary visas
Penny Dimopoulos at the PRONIA seminar
PRONIA has been since 2012 consistently helping and supporting returning citizens and newly-arrived Greek people with culturally and linguistically appropriate services.
Ever since the recent changes on immigration announced by the Australian Government in April, PRONIA has received a large number of calls from interested parties seeking information and clarifications.
The questions, which PRONIA continues to receive on a daily basis, have created the need for information, which is offered by Mrs. Penny Dimopoulos, a volunteer of the PRONIA Greek Migration Agent service.
Mrs Dimopoulos currently provides information regarding the changes to Australia's migration and citizenship laws, announced by the government in April 2017.
Further changes will occur on 1 July 2017 as well as in March 2018, which will be addressed by PRONIA, to see how they impact new migrants and their families in relation totheir current and proposed migration matters.
Through the government funded program 'Provide Settlement Services for People Newly Arrived from Greece established in 2015 and in collaboration with the Greek Community PRONIA provides case work, with information and referral, crisis intervention services, practical support and advocacy as well as ground for networking.
Services extend to counselling for individuals, couples, and families with children in addition to training programs, seminars and workshops to help newcomers cope with the impediments of immigration, integrate, connect, participate and contribute to the local community as well as the wider community. The aforementioned services are provided free of charge to all: Australian Citizens, returning to Australia after a long absence and migrants with temporary visas (student, working visa, etc.).
Additional information can be found at the website of the Department of Immigration and Border Protection or by telephoning the Department on 131881. You may also seek advice from an immigration lawyer or registered migration
Adelaide's high profile property developer to bow out with $32 million project..
For the first time in the airlines' history, the number of passengers surpassed the 13 million mark.
It may be tempting to grab a beach towel and spend your afternoon snoozing in the sun, but caution should be exercised to stay safe, doctors say.
Researchers in Germany have developed a method of turning yoghurt whey into bio-oil.
One of Greece’s most conservative and controversial political groups claims the suspension was “orchestrated by the entangled news media”.
Marina Tzima explains how a cup of traditional mountain tea developed to become a new brand of artisan Greek herbal teas demanding a place on international shelves.
Terence Quick: "As of now, each year and for 12 months, 500 young Greeks will be able to experience holidays in Australia with the right to legal employment"
The most popular baby names for 2017 have just been released, with little Greek influence.
More than 100 faithful led by their priest marched to the local square asking for Lucifer's depiction to be removed.
Talks to intensify this year.
Considered Australia's youngest CEO, Alessandra Kitinas, 16, is being recognised for her outstanding service to the welfare of the general community.
The European Museum of the Year Awards are set to be held in May, with a possible Greek win.
The alleged driver faces murder charges, following the death of 83-year-old Antonios Crocaris.
Greek public left in shock after German man and Bulgarian woman's horrific deaths.
The date chosen is also the Dionysios Solomos Commemoration Day.
Meat the Greek is part of a Hellenic resurgence taking place in Melbourne's west, offering locals traditional souvlaki carved straight off the rotisserie.
Connecting local communities with schools remains a constant challenge, general secretary of Greece’s Ministry of Education, Research & Religious Affairs, G. Angelopoulos says , 32
Funding/Financing Via BGs/SBLCs/LCs/Loans by lupatov , 28 December 2017 , 46
Software company looking for outsourcing partner / projects by efurito , 18 March 2017 , 408
Partner needed: magic glove selling business by povetab , 20 November 2016 , 305
Inflatable products and services by papynem , 20 September 2016 , 376
RYMAX Maxto Board | Fiber Cement Board | Drywall | FCB Board by asigoba , 09 August 2016 , 22572
Working with foreign businesses in Vietnam by bacopyr , 09 March 2016 , 583
Establish software development company in Bangladesh by kadilep , 08 February 2016 , 710
Looking for B2B Finance affiliates by yjopike , 27 January 2016 , 348
Looking forward to business partners with ideas/products by idegamy , 26 January 2016 , 360
Mechanism of renewal of energy by wuruniv , 05 January 2016 , 44771<<JL Corner VU 8813L22. This cabinet is solid door style glazing. The tub is constructed of cold rolled steel with white powder-coat finish standard.
Available Options:1,140,640 members
AMST1001
American Popular Culture
AMST1001 is rated by StudentVIP members:
rate me!
0 StudentVIP members in AMST1001
0 textbooks listed
0 tutors available
138 tutor searches
0 subject ratings
What do you rate AMST1001?
Add AMST1001 to your subjects
You can add AMST1001 to your StudentVIP account to find textbooks, tutors and more.Join StudentVIP
Reviews and tips for AMST1001
0 reviews
Where are classes for AMST1001?
Easy, get a great map app for Flinders, including locations for classes in AMST1001.Get Lost On Campus
0 notes available for AMST1001
Upload & earn:Sell your notes
Search
Tutors for AMST1001
0 tutors available for tutoring AMST1001Become a tutor for AMST1001
138 tutor searches for AMST1001!
Encourage students to become a tutor. Add a no-obligation tutor request. We'll notify you when a new tutor registers.Year 3 - Effects of a MPB Epidemic on Northern Caribou Habitat Use, Migration and Population Status
Project Reference Number: 2008-15 2007, most mature lodgepole pine stands in the Tweedsmuir-Entiako caribou winter range have been attacked by mountain pine beetles and are in the “grey attack” phase of the of the epidemic using radio-collared caribou and winter ground investigations of foraging behaviour. Information from this project will be used to develop forest management strategies for caribou ranges that are experiencing MPB epidemics, and for recovery planning for Northern Caribou in BC. This year, 2008/09, will be the third year and final year of data collection.
Current Year Objectives:
- To assess Tweedsmuir-Entiako caribou habitat use and migration during the grey attack phase of the mountain pine beetle epidemic using a sample of radio-collared caribou.
- To conduct monthly radio-telemetry flights, winter site investigations, mortality investigations and calf survival surveys and compare them to similar data collected prior to mountain pine beetle attack
Current Year Objectives – FSP funding:
- To support a portion of the project biologist fees.
- To conduct 11 monthly radio-telemetry flights.Greetings to all you crossword lovers out there. After much brain storming, we have come up with an all new puzzle under the category The Guardian Weekend for today 30 December 2017. You can unlock the puzzle with the clue “See 12 Across”. So put together all your knowledge and use all the hints from The Guardian - Weekend and unlock this puzzle See 12 Across.
The best answer for today’s crossword 30 December 2017 is REVOLT.
Crossword solver - "See 12 Across"
The answer has been chosen unanimously for the above clue “See 12 Across” but there can be someone out there who has a better one. If that is the case, then immediately write to us and we will make the required changes.Ingredients
- Spring water from Norwich
- Grape 6%
- Cranberry 1%
- Raspberry 1%
- Sugar
- Citric acid
- Natural flavourings
- Anthocycanin
- Potassium sorbate
- Dimethyl dicarbonate
Published May 2011
The producers, Britvic, say that this is "juicy spring water" which is true, but it contains a relatively high level of sugar, and consequently provides 145 Calories per bottle. However, there is a diet form of this drink which has only 10 Calories.
Ingredients
Spring water from Norwich originates in an underground water source (spring or bore hole) and Drench is apparently bottled at source.
Fruit juices are grape juice 6%, cranberry juice 1%, and raspberry juice 1%, all of which are natural.
Sugar is no longer seen as a healthy food but it does provide sweetness and energy. It is now being used to make biofuels by fermenting it to form ethanol (C2H5OH, aka alcohol) and a plant is being built in Hull to convert the UK's sugar beet crop into a second generation biofuel called biobutanol (C4H9OH) which can be blended with petrol better and it delivers more energy per molecule.
Citric acid (aka E330 chemical formula C6H8O7 with three acid groupings). This is produced naturally by citrus fruits but is now more cheaply manufactured by fermenting starch with the fungus Aspergillus niger. It gives the drink added tanginess and acts as a preservative.
Citric acid is used in surface cleaners to remove limescale and is particularly recommended for cleaning glass surfaces. It is added to products that are designed to fizz when added to water. The explosive HMTD (hexamethylene triperoxide diamine) is made from citric acid.
Natural flavourings are unspecified but the molecules which give fruits their characteristic aromas are known and can be purchased as individual chemicals. Those present in raspberry are 1-(p-hydroxyphenyl)-3-butanone, cis-3-hexene-1-ol, damascenone, ?-ionone, and ?-ionone, while those in cranberries they are ethyl-2-methylbutyrate, ethyl-3-methylbutryate, and trans-2-hexenal.
Some of these chemicals are also manufactured and used in perfumes. For example, ?-ionone provides a sweet violet odour while ?-ionone provides one that is reminiscent of cedar wood.
Anthocycanin (aka E163) is a food colorant and these types of molecules, of which there are several, are found in nature and give petals their red, blue or purple colours, and are designed to attract pollinating insects like bees. (The colour depends to a certain extent on acidity.)
Anthocyanins also acts as powerful antioxidants and are a key part of fruits such as red grapes, blueberries, and raspberries, which is why these are thought to be particularly beneficial. Anthocyanins also have potential for use in solar cells, the so-called dye-sensitive solar cells.
Potassium sorbate (aka E202) is a powerful preservative and used in foods and drinks. It is a highly effective fungicide that interferes with the reproductive capabilities of moulds and yeasts.
Dimethyl dicarbonate (C4H6O5) consists of two methyl carbonate molecules (CH3OC(O)OC(O)OCH3) joined together via a common oxygen atom. This molecule acts as a preservative, especially for drinks, by disabling enzymes in microbes like yeasts which can cause spoilage. It is now being added to wines in place of sulfur dioxide to which some people are sensitive.Twitterholic Politicians
In 2008, Barack Obama chose Twitter to thank for his victory in the elections (Cristina Pereda), and in three years time Twitter has reached 220 million users, having only one million in the year 2008 (Yolanda Monge). In 2011, six Spanish candidates out of ten owned a Twitter account in the elections in May (Albert Medrán). What is the reason behind this? In Medrán’s words, if politics is dialogue, discussion, debate and conversation, there is nothing closer than Twitter; but, does all this have a real incidence in votes?
Following Albert Medrán, we could say that Twitter is a microblogging free service where conversations no longer than 140 characters long can be hold. Due to that, it has become a powerful mean of communication and politicians have started to take advantage of this tool. So Twitter can be very useful for politicians, and that is what they use microblogging for as Yolanda Monge and Albert Medrán claim.
In line with the journalist Cristina Pereda, in the case of the United States, Barack Obama has recently answered to the questions different citizenships made him through the event named Townhall in Twitter. Most of the questions were related to economy or employment, and Obama answered to them in an interview made by the Twitter director and co-funder Jack Dorsey, tweeting them afterwards in the @townhall account. It seems that the aim of this campaign is to be reelected in 2012, taking also into account that he has almost nine million followers, which is a powerful political campaign platform in Yolanda Monge‘s words. However, according to the study carried out in the Pew Centre, only 13% of those adults that have Internet use Twitter.
Coming back to Spain, the web page La Verdad Digital wrote about the debate between Alfredo Pérez Rubalcaba and Mariano Rajoy. The hashtag #rajoygana became trending topic on Twitter that day, being #debate, #reiniciaeldebate or #seacaboelcirco other used hashtags during and after the discussion.
Nevertheless, candidates also use Twitter. As said, Albert Medran showed that in the elections hold in May 2011, six candidates out of 10 owned a Twitter account and 78% kept them up to date personally, 56% answered to the users by mentioning them and 60% of the candidates made their account during the year 2010. However, 26% of the accounts that were analyzed did not show new tweets in the previous 48 hours of the study. The Partido Popular is the political party that has most of the followers in Twitter (20.305), Partido Socialista Obrero Español is the second party with 10.826 followers, and the PAR (Aragón) is in third place (1.264 followers).
Congosto, Fernández and Egido agree with the statement that Twitter has become one of the most influencial propagation public sources of information in real time, due to the fact that the tweet can be read by the followers one has but also by the followers of that person’s followers without any limitations. And politicians have learnt to take that opportunity to gain votes.
In conclusion, it could be said that Twitter has become a new electoral tool, but only time will tell if it is a useful one.
References:
- LA VERDAD DIGITAL S.L. (08.11.11 – 11:45), “Twitter da como vencedor a Rajoy frente a Rubalcaba en el debate” from. Retrieved 9/11/2011.
- CRISTINA F. PEREDA (06/07/2011), “Twitter antrevista a Obama” from. Retrieved 9/11/2011.
- YOLANDA MONGE (6/6/2011), “Obama intenta movilizar a su base electoral en Twitter” from. Retrieved 9/11/2011.
- REDACCIÓN (7 de julio de 2011), “Obema responde en Twitter” from. Rettrieved 9/11/2011.
- ALBERT MEDRÁN (17/2/2009), “Política y Twitter. Twitter y política” from . Retrieved 22/3/2011. “Twitter an las elecciones autonómicas del 22 de mayo” from. Retrieved 9/11/2011.
- LUZ CONGOSTO, M; FERNÁNDEZ M. and MORO EGIDO, E (4/11/2011): “Twitter y política: información, opinión y ¿predicción?” from. Retrieved 17/11/2011- ?
- 5 Page requisition to identify the materials requirement for each installation
- Reduces the risk of material shortages
- Reduces additional visits to the merchant
- Ensures all materials are identified and a cost to the job
- Can be faxed or sent by email to the merchant
- Can be checked against the delivery note for merchant shortages
- Ensures the customer pays for consumable items used at the premise
Who would use it?
- Surveyor
- Any other person surveying for potential installation works
What is it?
The 'Materials Requisition Form' is a 5 sided document used to prompt the surveyor into identifying the correct materials for an installation job. The form has been pre-populated with the more common installation materials and the format can easily be adapted to add further items.
When would you use it?
You would use the 'Materials Requisition Form' on all installation type work which requires the necessity for an individual survey to be completed. It is recommended that the surveyor or engineer planning the future installation work use this in addition to the larger items normally ordered on a blank requisition form e.g. boiler, radiators and flue materials etc.
Why would you use it?
You would use the 'Materials Requisition Form' as it very quickly removes any potential shortfalls by the use of easy prompts. If you get your local merchant to pre-populate prices against each item then this will also help you gain an accurate idea how much you will be spending on additional items. All too often fittings and smaller materials costs are guessed and can become expensive as precious metals are forever on the increase.4.99 Members: FreeAnytime I write an article like this one, there's a high probability that I'll get a few emails from
guitarists saying that they think lessons are a waste of time and money. They'll then mention some amazing
players that are self-taught. Because of this, let's get something out of the way right now...
Obviously, most people will lie somewhere in between these two extremes. This means that the majority of
guitarists can reach a certain level by teaching themselves, but will probably benefit from the help of a skilled
teacher at some point in their development.
With that said, I really need to stress here that the point of this article isn't to persuade you to get
lessons. If you want to go it alone, that's great. And I wish you all the best! But if you have been thinking of
getting some guitar lessons, then continue reading...
Before you even contact a guitar teacher, you need to think about your musical goals. The reason is that this
will often dictate how many lessons you might potentially need. If you have very modest musical goals, such as
learning a few campfire songs, then will you need to take a lot of lessons over a period of years? Probably not. On
the other hand, if you have very ambitious goals then it's unrealistic to expect any teacher to get you there with
just a few lessons. You'll probably need ongoing help and support from a teacher over a long period of time.
The people who generally succeed the most with teaching themselves are very disciplined practicers. They don't
need a teacher to motivate them to practice their asses off. But I've found from teaching MANY people over the
years that most people just aren't this disciplined. If left to their own devices they will practice in an
off-and-on way. In other words, when they start getting busy with work and other obligations, they don't have the
discipline to maintain their guitar practice. They will sometimes have days, or even weeks, where they don't
practice.
It's normal for most guitarists to start practicing way more once they start lessons. They also find it easier
to maintain their practice knowing that they will be coming for a lesson in a week or two. This fact alone makes
ongoing lessons very valuable. If going to a lesson each week helps you to stay motivated with practice, then that
alone is worth the cost of lessons!
Many guitarists have totally unrealistic expectations with regards to lessons. They are expecting the teacher to
help them reach their goals in a ridiculously short period of time. For Example: I've had students start lessons
with me who had incredibly ambitious goals, and it was abundantly clear in the first couple of lessons that they
had no intention of ever taking ongoing lessons. In other words, they wanted me to perform a miracle.
It's also interesting to note that they had been to a lot of teachers before me, and had never stuck with any
teacher for more than a few lessons. While it's possible that they had incredibly bad luck with choosing terrible
teachers, I feel it's much more likely that their expectations were just totally ludicrous. They were expecting
things from their teachers that just weren't possible.
In the world of classical music, it's normal for people to start lessons at a very young age and then get weekly
lessons for an extremely long period of time. The reason for this is that reaching a high-level of playing
classical music is a very long-term goal, and many obstacles need to be overcome along the way. Getting help from a
good teacher will almost certainly speed up the process of overcoming these obstacles. For this reason, people
starting to learn classical music generally see regular lessons as a necessary investment rather than an
unnecessary expense.
I've found in my own teaching, that the people I help most are the ones who commit to a long-term course of
study with me. I can give them ongoing support, advice and guidance as they become more-and-more advanced as
players and musicians.
I'm not saying that just having a few lessons wouldn't be beneficial. Some lessons will definitely help more
than none. But there is only so much help I can give someone if they only come for a couple of lessons. (It's
impossible to help someone if I don't see them!).
As I said earlier, I'm not trying to persuade anyone to take guitar lessons. But if you decide to get lessons
from a good guitar teacher, then you might as well commit to them until you've reached your musical goals. This
will help you to get maximum value from their experience and knowledge. And, like many things in life, if you don't
commit to something, it's unlikely you'll get a lot of value from it...Cuba Brunch
We all know a good bottomless brunch can be a hot commodity in NYC. Far too often, the food is lackluster at “too good to be true” cheap boozy deals or there are annoyingly strict rules on table limitations. An affordable bottomless brunch offering with tasty food to boot is a sad scarcity, but luckily we have Cuba.
Cuba, a Latin American restaurant in Greenwich Village, was first put on my radar a few years ago after a few birthday brunches. It’s tucked away on Thompson Street off Washington Square Park and is marked by a few tropic fronds outside of a dark wood exterior. Cuba is celebrating its ten year anniversary, which speaks to its neighborhood appeal given the infamously fast shuttering of downtown Manhattan restaurants.
The interior is bustling and lively, reminiscent of its Latin roots. The restaurant has two levels with a cozy downstairs area that’s perfect for large parties and a bright upstairs and bar area, including a secluded loft.
My girlfriend Andrea and I arrived to Cuba with our game faces on, as we had grand plans to top off our bottomless brunch at Cuba with a clubby brunch party at Lavo following. We figured it was ultimately beneficial to get a little food in our stomachs prior to hitting the mid-day dance floor.
The bottomless deal at Cuba is $14 for 90 minutes of unlimited cocktails, although the time limit didn’t seem to be strictly enforced. Most of the entrees are priced around $10-$15 so all in you’re looking at a very affordable boozy brunch, although this brunch was on the house. We loved that you could mix and match between the cocktail options throughout your meal. Andrea started with the white sangria, which was refreshing and light, while I initially opted for the sparkling mojito. It was great to change it up from the typical Bloody Mary or Mimosa, but after the sweetness of one mojito I switched back to bubbly.
We came to brunch with an appetite and immediately ordered three starters: yucca fries, ceviche, and tostones rellenos. The yucca fries were perfect for sharing and nibbling. They were thicker, starchier versions of traditional French fries and enhanced by a creamy cilantro sauce.
The ceviche was a winning starter across the board. Cuba didn’t skimp on the raw fish and also included generous chunks of creamy avocado and fresh veggies. The crispy plantain chips were an ideal vessal for dipping and we easily cleaned the plate.
Our final appetizer, tostones rellenos, fell to mixed reviews. Our server raved about the classic appetizer, a Cuban specialty with green plantains and shrimp fricassee. I found the tomato sauce and seafood a touch under seasoned and overpowered by the breading. Alternatively, Andrea enjoyed the mix of sauce and shrimp so we agreed to disagree on this one.
Following our decadent first round of bites, next came our main dishes. We split the bistec a caballo, a Cuban twist on the classic steak and eggs. Andrea and I could both agree that this dish was a let down. We ordered our steak medium rare, but it arrived quite dry and tough. The eggs and accompanying home fries were fine, but we barely touched the bistec after our initial bites. We’d rather save our calories for the impending bottle service at Lavo.
Our second entrée, Benedict habaneros, was much more promising. The dish contained two perfectly poached eggs atop sweet plantain, a quinoa cake, smoked salmon, cachucha pepper, and hollandaise sauce. It was light enough that we felt comfortable dancing later, but the salmon and quinoa kept us satiated. This was a great healthy twist on the traditional eggs Benny.
As we finished digesting our feast and mentally preparing for the day party to come, our helpful server amiably continued our bottomless service. The girls at the table next to us were sipping an appealing mango martini that we had to try. Of note, cocktails are not included in the bottomless deal. I’m a huge mango fan, but Andrea and I both found these libations intolerably sweet. We promptly ordered glasses of champagne instead.
After we were sufficiently full and buzzed, we geared up for an afternoon out on the town. We freshened up our makeup, strapped on our heels, and headed up to midtown for a few hours of debauchery.
The Bitches say: B. Cuba is a “hidden gem” of a bottomless brunch conveniently located in the heart of the West Village. It has an array of drink options, generally tasty food, and a fun ambiance, all at a cheap price point. It’s great for large parties too!
Cuba
222 Thompson St.
New York, NY
(Greenwich Village)
(212) 420-7878
Cuba is open for brunch on Saturdays and Sundays from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m.
One thought on “Cuba Brunch”
I genuinely love Cuba’s for cocktails and dinner, I never leave hungry or disappointed. The staff knows my hubs and my favorites well at this point, but in all this time have not made it there before sundown.
Good to hear more about their brunch, hope you make it back another time!
I’d def try the brunch starters based on your review
The steak is good for dinner, wonder what happened that day, eekk.Richard Chimberg of CL-Media Relations - What is Neuberger Berman hiding?
I mean the changes that Richard Chimberg
of CL-Media Relations wanted me to make to this post below do not seem like that big of a difference to me...
If you look at the Post and the Source and what Richard Chimberg - CL-Media Relations, PR Media Relations for Neuberger Berman wants changed, you have to ask yourself what is the big difference between May and the Beginning of the Year.
I mean their Big Fancy Deal Closed when it closed right, and surely they have proof of that should the SEC or the Tax Man come Knocking Right?
And the Article I linked to Said, "The transaction is expected to be completed by early 2009." - so basically if this was written in Oct. of 2008 and said something was "expected" doesn't that mean that it may or may not close at that time.. So why the urgency, when the source had been Out THERE for over a year ?
Richard Chimberg of CL-Media Relations - in his last plea to me said
"Please take a look at the date of that posting from the CFO.com site. Oct. 6, 2008, which was before the management buyout of Neuberger Berman. Thanks. Best, Rich "
I just don't understand the big difference... I GUESS it is a Big Deal to Somebody because that POST was hit by Lehman Brothers, Warner Brothers, Rubbenstein and Associates, emailed to Stock Brokers and Holding Companies, hit and studied by Proskauer Rose LLP, and lit up on Blackberry and Verizon, it was a bit of a frenzy and I just don't get it when it was on the Web for 15 Months before I linked to it in my research connecting the dots on Proskaur Rose , Which was the Research that I was doing.
How can it NOW be such a Big Deal and why do they want that changed, and on whose authority of fact?
I mean when did the Deal Really Close and Who really Cares? For me it was about the things that Proskuar Rose is involved in and connecting Clients and information.
I know nothing about merger's and acquisitions, nothing about Randy Whitestone, the Lehman Brothers, Bain Capital LLC, Hellman and Friedmand LLC, or Neuberger Berman, I was simply researching and posting. I know nothing about Private equity business, venture capital, merchant banking, or investment funds... I own no stocks...
So in looking at the emails that Richard Chimberg of CL-Media Relations sent to me and going off the "Fact Change" he requested I PROMPTLY make, and the supposed proof he provide - I can only think that there is something about this deal that Neuberger Berman does not want investors, bankers.. or somebody to know - I just can't figure out what that is....
What is the Difference between Early in the Year in May.. on say 158 Billion in Assets.... or something like that.. could it be a Tax Consequence, a Holding Period of Portfolios, some sort of Currency Trading or something that would put money in the wrong hands.. well I don't know.. but Rich Chimberg of CL-Media Relations sure has peeked my interest... and well my Stat Counter is on Fire...
So it must be a pretty big deal to somebody.. I just don't know why... or Who
Do YOU ? Email me at Crystal@CrystalCox.com
Richard Chimberg,CL-Media Relations
Crystal CoxUnlimited* calls to Spain from just £12.50 a month
Call Spain from 0p a minute
- Unlimited international calls to Spain and 60+ other countries from £12.50 a month
- Use Vonage Extensions® to make clear, high quality calls to Spain on your smartphone
- Use Extensions to make calls on your smartphone using Wi-Fi anywhere in the world
- No calling cards or access codes required
- Virtual Spain number available for incoming calls (additional fee of £5.99/month applies)*
Best plan for calling Spain
Spaniards in the UK
Spaniards have long been emigrating to the UK – the 2001 Census reported over 54,000 as being residents. However, it's really since the economic crisis of the late 2000s that a new wave of Spanish immigration has occurred. Today's Spanish youth are to be found all over London studying or working in competitive industries. To keep in touch with family and friends back home many look for low cost calls to Spain and Vonage are able to offer unlimited Spanish calling to suit.
Calling Spain from the UK
- Country Area Code: 34
- Capital City: Madrid
- Time Zone: GMT +1
- Landmarks: Sagrada Familia, Alhambra, Seville Cathedral, Royal Palace of MadridSino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ logo vector
Below you can download free Sino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ logo vector logo. This logo uploaded 06 Aug 2014. Sino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ logo vector logo downloaded 0 times. See preview Sino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ logo vector logo, download Sino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ logo vector logos vector for free, write meanings, This is logo available for Windows 8 and Mac OS. You can download vector image in EPS, AI, CDR formats
Tags: Canada , environment
Format: AI
Description: Sinorefor Products Inc. (formerly Sinocast Products Inc.) was established in 1995. We are now the largest tree protector supplier in BC with our patented Sinocast TreeCone (Tree Cone), Sinocast Ecotube, and Sinorefor releasable cable ties. </p> <p>Our goal is to ensure the earliest free growth through timely seedling protection.</p> <p>Sinorefor is a leader in tree protection technology. Whether you are replanting after logging or reclaiming mine sites; we are focused on providing a solution against animal browsing that will meet your particular needs.
Author:
Views: 1139
Average Rating: 4
Number of ratings: 2
Uploaded: 2014-08-06
Update: 2014-08-06
Download: 0
Download price: free
Available: yes
Web:
Downloading Sino - Sinorefor Products Inc.™ file vector logo you agree to abide to our terms of use.
Please consider supporting us by giving a social vote after downloading. Thanks!
Constant link on this logo:
Link on this logo for forum:Morning Show Drama Set To Star Jennifer Aniston & Reese Witherspoon
Talk about star power Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon (Big Little Lies) have been attached to a New York based TV drama about morning TV. The project is based on an original idea and is being spearheaded by former HBO head of drama Michael Ellenberg and his newly launched film and TV production company Media […]Ceramic-metal composites are an exciting field of research, enabling a combination of properties not possible in monolithic metals or ceramics. Alumina-copper composites enable the high thermal and electrical conductivity and the high toughness of copper to be combined with the high stiffness, hardness and wear resistance of alumina [1]. This combination of properties possible makes alumina-copper composites particularly interesting for wear applications. The aim of this project was to produce and characterise copper-alumina interpenetrating composites, in particular, the effect of microstructure on the properties. The range of copper content was 15 to 55 % and the range in copper ligament diameter 1 to 30 μm. The composite was produced by first making porous alumina preforms with a range of porosities and pore sizes, then infiltrating with copper. The effects of copper ligament diameter and copper content on the mechanical and thermal properties as well as wear behaviour were investigated. Based on the microstructure-property relationships, the most promising composition and microstructure combination was found.
Darmstadt, TU, Diss., 2011
Downloads per month over past yearDue to a hockey tournament nearby, our team and families were in the area. We were looking for a place with good food, a good atmosphere and good service. The service was very good and good-natured for a bit of a slow Friday afternoon. Kids...More
1 - 10 of 96 reviews
Due to a hockey tournament nearby, our team and families were in the area. We were looking for a place with good food, a good atmosphere and good service. The service was very good and good-natured for a bit of a slow Friday afternoon. Kids...More
I have lived in the Tampa Bay area for more than 25 years. This is my first visit to Finley's Irish pub in Largo Florida. We met friends there as they frequent this establishment often. We went there for the atmosphere and to socialize; we...More
Visiting Florida from Houston, Texas with friends . We wanted to watch the fifth game of World Series championship game five . Went to Finley's Irish Pub and Eatery to watch the game . When we got there ordered drinks and asked if they could...More
...Finley's serves Colcannon which I had wanted to try...yummy, a definite must...also, tasty beer batttered mushrooms , huge portion of corn beef n cabbage...a very refreshing non-alcoholic, lemon/lime drink with loads of lemon/lime slices.... prompt friendly service, clean and inviting seating, comfortably cool, not freezing...More
They have great bands and a decent dance floor Thursday-Saturday nights. Women drink all night on Thursday 2 4 1. Their French onion soup, in fact all of their soups, are excellent. Cobb salad, fish n chips, grilled chicken salad and cheese steaks are all...More
We stopped here for lunch with our daughter and granddaughter and were a bit disappointed in the food and the service. Our waitress did come over to our table immediately to get our drink order but from that point on we had to get her...More
wife I visited finleys for the first time. service is excellent, waitress was pleasant and efficient. we both a small shepherds pie. food was served quickly and hot/ it was fair, not great. I have had better and worse. nice atmosphere, clean, and well kept...More
I went there for lunch. There were about six of us. It was my first visit and won't be my last. The wait staff was definitely on point and the food superb. We all ordered BLTs. I know, right! But they were fantastic. I don't...More
Like the specials they offer. Always nice folks in the place, and the food is always fresh and excellent.
They have a local trivia night that you have to arrive hours earlier because as big as it is it gets packed. It's on wednesday night. The food is very good but the Trivia is great. No minimum, I have never seen a more popular...More
Clipper Race fleet sets sail to Wondrous Whitsundays
The Clipper 2017-18 Round the World Yacht Race fleet has embarked on the last race of its All-Australian Leg, as it races up the east coast of Australia to the Whitsundays in Race 4: The Wondrous Whitsundays Race.
The All-Australian Leg is the fourth of eight legs, which make up the 40,000 nautical mile voyage around the world, and is certainly full of challenge and adrenaline with the Clipper Race crews having completed a gruelling race around the south of Australia from Fremantle to Sydney, followed by the iconic Rolex Sydney Hobart Yacht Race.
Now, they’ve dusted off their kit and hoisted sails again, as they depart for the ‘Wondrous Whitsundays Race’, which takes them from Hobart to the Whitsundays, on Friday, January 5, 2018.
Expected to take between eight and 10 days, the ‘Wondrous Whitsundays Race’ – so-called to reflect the wonder and beauty of the Whitsundays – will see the Clipper Race yachts arrive into Airlie Beach between January 13 and 15, 2018.
Once in the Whitsundays, the Clipper Race crew, who represent over 20 different nationalities, will take a very welcome two-week break, enjoying everything the tropical island paradise has to offer with their families and friends.
The region is ready to roll out the red carpet for its guests, with an action-packed, two-week Whitsundays Clipper Race Carnival planned from January 13 to 29, 2018.
Tourism Industry Development Minister Kate Jones said the Clipper Race Carnival, supported by the Queensland Government through Tourism and Events Queensland, would provide a boost to tourism and the local economy.
“Visitors to the Whitsundays during the two week carnival are expected to spend millions, with multiple events to experience in this spectacular region.
“The Clipper Round the World Yacht Race is both an adventure, and a gruelling test of strength and skill, and competitors will welcome the break in the idyllic Whitsundays.
“The Carnival is a collection of events that will showcase the Whitsundays stunning scenery and reaffirm the region’s reputation as one of the world’s premier sailing destinations.”
Tourism Whitsundays CEO Craig Turner said it was an honour to host the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race fleet, and to be able to name a race after the Whitsundays was truly exciting.
“When we started planning the Whitsundays Clipper Race Carnival we engaged a branding consultant so our promotions would all have the same consistent look and feel going forward, with the brand colours of blue and mauve reflecting the colours of the Whitsundays along with the excitement of the carnival,” he said.
“The word wondrous was chosen to describe the Whitsundays in event promotions, as it sums up what our beautiful, wonderful region is all about – wondrous experiences on land and sea, wondrous views and 74 island wonders. So for the consortia, it was a natural extension to name the race the ‘Wondrous Whitsundays Race’.
“We are very excited that the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race organisers have allowed us to name the last race of the Australian leg in honour of the Whitsundays, and our wondrous region will go down in Clipper Race history!”
Clipper Race Founder and Chairman Sir Robin Knox-Johnston said: “I am very much looking forward to the Clipper 2017-18 Race arriving in the Whitsundays later this month.
“In addition to excellent sailing conditions and a stunning location for crew to enjoy, the inaugural Whitsundays Clipper Race Carnival will make for a fantastic two week celebration of sailing and it is great to have the Clipper Race at the heart of it.” Whitsundays Clipper Race Carnival including the Bendigo Bank Clipper Welcome Party, the Fish D’Vine White on Whitehaven Long Lunch and the Whitsunday Foodservice Progressive Cruise Lunch.
The Clipper Round the World Yacht Race is the only race of its kind, pairing novice crews with experienced skippers on the adventure of a lifetime.- published: 10 Dec 2011
- views: 5576193 Edition | Dude Perfect
Playground Edition | Dude Perfect
10 times criminals failed - South Africa Edition
Glow In The Dark Edition | Dude Perfect
Afro Politico - Episode 03 - AFRICA EDITION #Zuma #Buhari
Vacation Sooner 2017 - Africa Edition
TheBuzz - Episode 25 - Part 2 - Mr Africa Edition
BATTLEFIELD 1 TRAILER : AFRICA EDITION
People are awesome (south africa edition)
Study Abroad! | Garden Route (South Africa) Edition | DJI Mavic & GH4
AKAA - Also Known As Africa - Edition 2016
Garry's wars world tour Africa edition - Finals
The Walking Dead(South Africa Edition )
THE TING GO SKRAA!!! ( Africa edition)
"Am I Wrong" Africa Edition!!! viral video
Rihhana - work (Africa edition)
We Do It Outside: Africa Edition- Trailer
Harlem Shake v1 (Ogilvy Africa Edition)
Try not to laugh: Africa edition
ZŁOMBOL 2016 // 10 START //AFRICA EDITION // Katowice – الجمهورية التونسية(Tunezja) via Palermo
Rains Down In Africa (lyrics edition)
#Toglife 24 - Africa Edition
Outfit of the Week: Africa Edition♡
US PRESIDENTIAL DEBATE...
This week James Smart and Marvin Tumbo discuss African Presidents Juma & Buhari. Filmed live @J's Bar in Westlands.
via YouTube movie maker xd 😂🙌🏼😹💦💯❤️👌🏻
Just a bunch of students enjoying spring break along the famous Garden Route in South Africa... Inspired by: Jack Morris | DoYouTravel Music Credits: Illenium - So Wrong Follow me on Instagram: @raminborn
Auntie's Angels Inc. is a registered 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization Auntie's Angels provides Uganda's most needy and vulnerable children with education, food and other basic needs. We give them the hope and care they need for a better life! Help one of our Angels Today!!!
This is life after Naked and Afraid. Follow along with this mini series as Don explores, braves and adventures through Africa with the San Bushmen tribe. Produced and Edited by Jobe Layton
Thanks for the idea SONG Baauer Harlem shake Buy on iTunes AND THE ORIGINAL filthy Frank...... and V2...
Start 10. edycja z wielką pompą! 25.09.2016 z pod Katowickiego spodka wyruszyło 450 aut rodem z PRL. Wszystko to dla dzieci z domów dziecka! Ta edycja to pod wieloma względami skomasowanie wszystkich naszych ŁAŁów i OHów ! Łączy on kilka Złomboli w jednym. Wygrywa internety ;) . Połączenie Vulcanic Złombol, Jubilee Złombol, Transcontinental Złombol i Cosa Nostra Złombol. Od 6 lat marzył nam się kolejny kontynent. W 2010 roku dojechaliśmy do Azji, teraz czeka na nas Afryka. Meta będzie dwustopniowa. Pierwsza w Sycylii, a dalszy ciąg to już OS (odcinek specjalny) z metą w Tunezji dla tych, którzy się zdecydują! Uczestnicy zdecydowali się wystartować w wymagającej edycji! Dystans w jednym kierunku to ponad 3000km (+mile morskie)! Po drodze Beskidy, Alpy oraz włoskie Apeniny i wiele, wie..., ...
The best in House Music straight outta South Africa meshed by your most trusted team in video mixing!!!Support the artist and buy the music!, ...
Przez start przejechało 422 załogi :) Złombol jest charytatywnym rajdem zorganizowanym przez czterech wspaniałych ludzi pod kierownictwem Martyny :) Więcej informacji dowiecie się o akcji na
A live interactive programme discussing global news stories relating to Islam and persecution. Hosted by Ibrahim Kwarteng and Farooq Mahmood, the programme also draws on the expertise of our international press teams from around the world, as well as distinguished guests. Recorded on 7th June 2014 in Ghana. © Copyright MTA International.
My good friend Slim and I recently attempted the canned food challenge. This challenge needs no introduction... was it bad? yes! did we complete it? yes! Where else can you find me? Twitch: Instagram: Twitter:
SaharaTV's Kwesi Baako is joined by SaharaTV's Rudolf Okonkwo and Sahara Reporters Editor Declan Galvin as they talk about trending topics in some parts of Africa.
#AfroPolitico Episode 7 - AFRICA EDITION. This week James Smart and Marvin K. Tumbo discuss news stories from #Togo #Tanzania #Uganda and #Myanmar over the last 7 days. #Poweredbywhatsgoodstudios #JsBar
SaharaTV's Kwesi Baako is joined by SaharaReporters Editor Declan Galvin and SR contributor Dr. Wunmi Akintide as they discuss issues surrounding the continent.
On this episode of Counterflow, James, who arrived straight from Africa, talks about his trip where he had the chance to participate in the Ranger Odyssey, a pan-African competition sponsored by Ford. From the horrendous traffic to being so close to being detained in an 'inhumane' airport to, finally, the magical sunsets of Mozambique, James recalls what may possibly be his most potent Deakinitis episode, yet. He is joined by Alan and guest Ardie Lopez as they also discuss the country's top motoring news--- the MMDA's proposed two-day coding scheme for motorists. All these and more on this episode of Counterflow.
Session tailored for students coming from EUROPE and AFRICA. Join Ambassadors from the World Bachelor in Business Program on Google Hangout to learn about a fantastic undergraduate international business program. World Bachelor in Business students will live and study in Los Angeles, Hong Kong and Milan, Italy and earn degrees from three universities on these three different continents. During the Google Hangout, students from the various cohorts will answer your questions.
SaharaTV's Kwesi Baako discusses the trending topics all over Africa with SaharaTV's Rudolf Okonkwo and Sahara Reporters Editor Declan Galvin.This day event sounds very interesting to me. However, I will be away on this date (15th July 2017). If you're in Johor Bahru, why not take this opportunity to attend the conference by University of Reading, Iskandar, Malaysia? I think it will be worth it!
Those who can DO, Those who can do more TEACHIt’s been almost a year since wildly popular geek site Boing Boing stared into the abyss and saw their bandwidth bill staring back at them. Like the good DIY, indie rock, mirrorshade cryptopunk rebels they go to great lengths to demonstrate that they are, the Boing Boingers approached the obvious solution and Great Corruptor, ads, with trepidation, soliciting comments and vowing that the site would remain unchanged. And so how, now, has the experiment worked?
Take a look for yourself. Boing Boing has not only embraced advertising, but appears to be giving it a vigorous reach-around in the process.
The front page of Boing Boing currently features one banner ad. And three right sidebar graphic ads. And three left sidebar graphic ads. And a text ad. And an ad to place an ad. And ads in the RSS feed. And five “personal project” badges that are for things that you can buy. And one conference, one ISP and two tool references — it’s unclear if there’s any quid pro quo going on. And, inexplicably, a link to Fark. Is it an ad? A reciprocal link? No clue. The site doesn’t say.
Boing Boing is obviously doing well. They’ve got — depending on how you count — between nine and nineteen ad slots, all of them filled. They’re the NASCAR of the weblogging world. And, hey, great. Good for them.
But, last year, the ostensible purpose for exploring “sponsorship, context-sensitive text-ads, etc.” was to “survive,” to “re-invest in Boing Boing,” to “cover our costs,” to “cover the costs of hosting.”
They’re pretty obviously well beyond these goals. It’s all of a hundred bucks a month for 1.2 terabytes of bandwidth (or about 150% of what the site currently needs), server included. Given February’s 14.5 million pageviews, each advertiser — taking the low number above — would have to pay less than a tenth of a cent CPM. It would be easier for everybody involved — if the goal was to cover costs — to let one sponsor buy the machine and give them a small, tasteful badge on the front page.
But that’s not the goal anymore, is it?
OK, fine. Boing Boing is profitable. Probably very profitable. It’s not many sites written “for my friends and my family” that need bookkeepers and reader surveys.
So where’s the money going?
Oh, wait, that’s none of our business. Boing Boing isn’t public. They, legally and ethically, owe nobody an explanation for what they do or how they do it.
Except it feels sort of wrong, doesn’t it? It’s got the same indie-Orwell feel that calling their business manager a “band manager” has: We’re not corporate! We’re rebels! We… make a lot of money. We just don’t want look like it. Punk rock, dude!
And so we’re left with this: the ads are there to cover costs. Really. That’s it. This is all about love.
And if Boing Boing were a corporation — oh, wait, it is; that’s what the little “LLC” down in the corner means — they’d be the first in line to point a finger at that big, sticky wad of hype and say, “Um. Really?” These champions of the purity of the Web, these advocates of transparency would be poking holes in that balloon before the clown got it out of his mouth. It’s just that pointed fingers get awkward when you’re in front of a mirror..
So not Boing Boing.X-MEN FIRST CLASS
>>IMAGE. ~ Jason Buchanan, Rovi
Director: Matthew Vaughn
Cast: James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender, Kevin Bacon, Rose Byrne, Jennifer Lawrence
Release Date: Jun 03, 2011
Rated PG-13 for Intense sequences of action and violence, some sexual content including brief partial nudity and language
Runtime: 2 hr. 20 min.
Genres: Action/Adventure, Drama, Sci-Fi/Fantasy
Review:
X-Men First Class is a movie that I had serious skepticism about from inception. Matthew Vaughn being given the directing reigns quelled some of those fears but not all. Any fan of the franchise would be hard pressed to have any sort of hope after X-Men The Last Stand and the criminally atrocious Wolverine X-men Origins film. This prequel faced plenty of challenges and somehow someway it overcame them all. Vaughn delivered one of the best superhero movies ever, just shy of The Dark Knight. A stellar cast working from a strong script brings a thoroughly engaging experience that rarely drags. Michael Fassbender leads the cast with a performance that brings all the rare and pain that his character suffers. Fassbender’s matched by a spot of James McAvoy who’s performance as Charles Xavier is respectful of Patrick Stewart’s original run yet singular in of itself. Jennifer Lawrence taking up the reigns as Mystique is a more than capable and its always good to see certain characters get fleshed out a bit more, ditto for Beast. Kevin Bacon is appropriately sinister and nefarious as the villain. January Jones, who can’t seem to stretch beyond the stepford wife persona, has perfected the art of acting via blinking and cleavage. Vaughn stages the action in epic fashion and even with a few questionable musical choices they never cease to impress. The scale and scope of the story are huge and impressive, A perfect way to restart the series.
A
PostScript
How I paid 90 dollars to see X-men First Class
In case if wasn’t terribly obvious I’m a bit of a nerd. So in perfect nerdish fashion I looked for the first showing of First Class in Las Vegas where I’d be for the week. Nothing says Vegas more than checking out the latest superhero movie afterall. Through a series of missteps and google confusion thing became terribly confused and expensive. I boarded a taxi and handed the cabby the directions. I should have been worried that he wasn’t familiar with the address but not enough to do anything about it. The cabby punched the address into his phone and headed off, still unsure of where he was taking me. Down the strip and on to the freeway, he rushed to try and make my 10am deadline. The more he drove the more I became worried there might have been a slight mistake. 20 minutes later and 40 bucks later he dropped me off at the theater quite literally in the middle of nowhere, later in the weekend I would walk by about 4 theaters that were pretty close to Caesars which we were staying at. Watched the movie which was a first showing so that saved a little cash because I like being thrifty when possible. Once the film ended, I had to ask the manager for a taxi cab number which he happily gave and waited a good 20 minutes for and then paid another 40 dollars to get back to The Strip. One the bright side I did get to see a lot of the Rocky Mountains in my extended trip around the outer reaches of Vegas…..
At least your Vegas Cab ride wasn't the start of the third Hangover movie.
I aso enjyed this movie. I was bummed that their was no tag or trailer at the end.
AH
Brent.
I was very surprised by how good this was. I'm not a big fan of the franchise so wasn't expecting much but it is a very solid movie. I think the cast was very good and the acting very good. At least it didn't rely solely on CGI as a movie.
Nice write-up. Definitely agree with your review. This was really entertaining and a lot better than i thought it was going to be. The confrontation with Erik and Shaw was very suspenseful.
Yeah that cab ride was an interesting experience and one that will be funnier in momory.
It really impressed me, I love Fassbender and was really happy to see him shine.
I am so glad you loved this film!
I liked Fassbender and McAvoy before X-Men but I love them now. Fassbender was so good as Magneto.
January Jones "perfected the art of acting via blinking and cleavage" - wish I thought of this line ;-)
Fingers crossed this is the start of a fresh run of X-Men films.
Fingers are double crossed that Vaughn ignores Jackman's phone calls.
**
Your Vegas story sounds like something which would happen to us lol. At least you got to see Vegas
Ditto on Fassbender and McAvoy, I was already fans of them beforehand but this just put them over the top for me, Fassbender in particular.
Funny thing is I like January Jones on Mad Men, she actully ccan act, but her movie roles have been just horrible.
Sure hope Vaughn is allowed to do more, think we've had enough of Wolverine up to this point.
It's so like something that will happen again, for now it'll make a funny story. The parts of Vegas we saw aren't the ones you'd want to see on our endless trek to the movies.....
I really like the Vaughn/Goldman partnership so hopefully they will both come back to make another one.
Mad Men is one of those shows that I probably should watch but I never did.....it's part of a long list.
I agree, I hope the same team comes back for a sequel. Mad Men is an excellent show, I held back on watching it forever as well but it's really impressive.
Best fucking movie ever! the guy who played Magneto gave me goosebumps he was so good!
Glad you like it! I really thought he rocked it too!
We went to see this again today and it holds up on a second viewing.
I appreciated Kevin Bacon more 2nd time around, although unfortunately Michael Fassbender's Irish accent was all the more noticeable as I was waiting for its arrival during the 3rd act.
Still loved every minute of it though
Bacon is almost a Bond Villian in this, it's great. I want to see it again as well!
Sorry to hear about this misadventure with getting to the theater... Glad to hear that you enjoyed the film! And I love the rating you gave it.
Thank ya, if anything it made for a funny story to tell down the road! It's a hellva film, made all the trouble I went through to see it worth it, almost...Today’s assignment was to edit our title and tagline. Not much I can do with the title, which is just my name, followed by a dot, and then wordpress.com. Serves its purpose and, until I find something better, I am not prepared to pay $18 a year for my site. In terms of the tagline, that too seems to do its job: reporting from Italy, on Italy, and a lot more besides.
I am, indeed, reporting from Italy. It used to be Milan but, ten or so years ago, I moved 60 kilometres to the north and now live a short distance from Lake Lugano and the Swiss border.
I report on Italy, in several ways.
As a business reporter, I write for US- and UK-based clients on the Italian scenario, interviewing in Italian and writing in English. The topics I cover range widely, from telecoms to consumer durables, via personal care products, and medical appliances, to food, wine, and automotive.
As a travel guidebook editor, I report on Italy for visitors, with my specialty being Milan, Lombardy and the Lakes. My latest commission was for the London-based publisher Time Out, and the volume was the latest edition of the Time Out Guide to Milan, which is set to be published on 15 January, and on which I was a contributing editor. This was the third time I was involved with this guide: I worked on both the second and third editions (2004 and 2006 respectively), the latest one being the fifth edition. As well as fact-checking and rewriting as necessary, I am responsible for suggesting and writing fresh copy. In the past, I have worked for, among others, Dorling Kindersely (Top Ten Guide to Milan, inter alia), Fodor’s, Expedia, and Gayot. One commission I enjoyed particularly was an extensive rewrite of the Milan Art, Shop, and Eat guide for Blue Guides/Somerset Books.
But my interests range further than just Italy and, indeed, I do report on quite “a lot more besides”. From trains and trams, to all means of transport (and I love transport museums!), I am also very interested in spas, food and wine, Art Nouveau architecture (also known as Liberty in Italian, and Jugenstil in German), Brussels, London, and New York, as well as writing as a skill, social media, Search Engine Optimization (SEO), jokes, and the occasional picture of a cat.
I use the same “reporting from Italy, on Italy, and a lot more besides” moniker on Twitter, and since I am much more prolific on there — it’s easier to conjure a 140-character tweet than to write a 500-word piece — it’s probably there that you’ll see the topics I have covered on Italy, and otherwise.
Just as an example of my contribution to information on Italy on Twitter, in the early part of 2010, along with Tweetaly, I ran a series entitled “The A-Z of lesser-known Italian towns”. I will try to publish the tweets in question at some later stage. In the meantime, these were some of the places we covered:
We started with Ancona, for the Grotte di Frasassi, considered to be Europe’s largest underground caverns, Barcis and its lake in Friuli-Venezia-Giulia, Camogli in Liguria, and Colletta di Castelbianco in the Maritime Alps and near the Italian Riviera in the province of Savona in Liguria. Next came Dolceacqua, near Ventimiglia, in Liguria, and Domodossola, in the Piedmont, close to the Swiss border; start/endpoint of the Centovalli railway, Locarno. Erice in Sicily was nominated for its Arabic-influenced cuisine. My idea there was Este, near Padova in the Veneto. This walled town gave its name to the powerful House of Este, whose influence spread throughout much of Europe.
Fabbriche di Careggine, close to Lucca, in Tuscany, really does qualifies as being little-known, in as much as it is seen once every 10 years or so. We also chose to mention Ferla, in Sicily, whch lies between two UNESCO World Heritage sites, as well as the walled town of Feltre between Belluno and Venice, famous for frescoes, wrought-iron, and hang-gliding took care of the letter “F”.
Next up were Genzano di Roma, in Lazio, known for its Infiorata Festival, and Grazzano Visconti, a 20th-century medieval village, near Piacenza, in Emilia. The only town beginning with an “H” that I could find was Hône in Valle d’Aosta: cross the bridge and you are in Bard. At this point, we decided to mention places that had an “H” in their name: Rho (near Milan), Santhià (near Vercelli), in the Piedmont, Ghemme, near Novara, again in the Piedmont, and Thiene (near Vicenza, in the Veneto.
Then, coming to “I”, I opted for Imbersago, on the river Adda, between Milan and Lecco, famous for its chain-ferry across the river Adda, which was designed by Leonardo da Vinci. Then there was also Ischia, the “green island” in the Gulf of Naples. Another problematic one was “J”, which is not part of the standard 21-letter Italian alphabet. We came up with Jesi, in the Marches. This pre-Roman town, and ancient diocese, is famous for its art.
The letter “K” presented another challenge, but we each found one. Mine was Khamma, on Pantelleria, a lovely island that lies between Sicily and Tunisia, hence Arabic-sounding name. Tweetaly’s pick was Kymé, in Campania, which is the ancient Greek name for Latin Cuma, a town famous for its Sybil. Another “K” was Crotone, if we go by the two-letter provincial code, which is KR. This town in present-day Calabria, was a big noise in the time of Magna Graecia. Indeed, Pythagoras had a school there. (Extra-special thanks to @Tweetaly for that one!) Next came Lecce, in Puglia, renowned for its Baroque architecture, and well-worth a visit. My pick there was Larderello, near Pisa in Tuscany, a geothermal power plant since 1904.
Macomer, and nearby Marghine Highlands in Sardinia, followed. I came up with Maser, near Vicenza, in the Veneto, where I have visited Palladio’s magnificent Villa Barbaro. For “N”, I opted for Neive, a small town, near Alba, in the Piedmont, in the heart the premier wine-producing district known as the Langhe; Narni, in Umbria, rich in medieval art along the Via Flaminia, was the other choice. Orta, a lovely lake in Piedmont came next, along with Orvieto in Umbria and its unique Duomo.
For “P”, Tweetaly went for Padula, near Salerno in Campania, and its Charterhouse, also known as the Certosa di San Lorenzo. Meanwhile, I opted for Palmanova, 20 kilometers from Udine, near the Italian-Slovenian border, which is a UNESCO-listed star-shaped fortress town. Tweetaly’s nomination: Quarata, near Arezzo in Tuscany, with its Leonardo da Vinci connection, (the clue being “Mona Lisa”), and my choice of Quart, in the Valle d’Aosta with its ancient castle, took care of the letter “Q”. Next came Ranco, on the Lombardy shores of Lake Maggiore, home of the wonderful Sole restaurant and, until very recently, a beautiful Transport Museum. Sappada, in the heart of the breathtaking Dolomite mountains followed, along with Tivoli, close to Rome, where the Villa d’Este, and Hadrian’s Villa await. Urbino, in the Marches, a pearl of the Renaissance, and the birth-place of Raphael (or Raffaello as his parents called him!), and Vercelli, in the heart of the rice-growing area in Piedmont, along with Verona, in the Veneto were our choices for “U”, and “V”. The next three letters, W, X, and Y are not part of the Italian alphabet, so there was not much point in seeking further. On the other hand, if someone has some ideas, I’d love to hear from you. Finally, closing up this alphabetical listing of some of the smaller places in Italy worth visiting was Zafferana Etnea, in Sicily, on the slopes of Mount Etna, the volcano that needs no introduction!
And that just about wraps it up for today. I know that SEO rules encourage one to use images, and I will add these later. I will also check my tags and categories, but I have included “Blogging 101” in with the former, so I can be found by fellow students on the course.Episode 103: The Revisionaries 6 June 17, 2013 by diss0713 The Revisionaries: Netflix IMDB Website News: Louisiana’s Latest Anti-Scientific Folly, on Video Podcast: Play in new window | DownloadSubscribe: Android | RSSThanks so much for listening. If you would like to support the show click on the link below and support us on a per episode basis!
6 Comments (click here to leave a comment)
Regarding the singing dentist in the Revisionaries, obviously he “knows” musical theory is just a “theory” and is adamantly apposed.
As usual, when a pom tries to do an Australian accent it just sounds like cockney. Pay no attention to your linguistically incompetent caller from England.
The United States of America is slowly becoming the stupidest population on the planet. Interference by people who want children to be as ignorant as possible, so they will become willing Christians. Desperate measures to support a religion that is fading away.
Did you listen to the debate SGU had with McLeroy and read the followup talks Dr. Novella had with him after?
It’s not so that they become willing Christians. That’s a side effect.
The conservative base here in the US is fueled by anger, paranoia, racism, a sense of grievance, and punishment politics. They flock to fundamentalist evangelical Christianity because that is a simplistic, often vengeful, theology that they can understand, and, more importantly, can can reinforce their pre-existing prejudices.
The “ruling class” of conservatism, however, pursues “cheap labor conservatism”. They are the gilded-age barons turned libertarians. All their policies (expensive for-profit education, expensive for-profit healthcare, restricted birth control, abortion services too expensive for the working class, no unions, no workers’ rights, no labor laws, no safety standards, no environmental laws, no pollution laws, no regulation, no taxes, government bailouts while toughening citizen bankruptcy laws, lowering bailout loan interest rates while raising education loan interest rates, having business representatives write legislation, corporate interests backing the military-industrial complex into war… and all of that without pausing to think) have the primary or secondary effect of hurting the poor and middle class, while making businesses above the law. The wealthy will continue to be educated, while the poor will be functionally illiterate, desperate for health care (or food and shelter), and superstitious. They seek to turn the US into a land of sweatshops and call centers, just like Bangalore and Malaysia.
People in these situations turn to religion because it is an institution that offers solace, support, education, and answers. This is well understood by the hucksters who manipulate the poor, uneducated, and afraid showing up at their churches for solace. It is a way to calm and control the masses, as well a fleece a little more money out of them.
I watched it, I always do my homework. 🙂
I noticed how likeable Don the Dentist is. I really wish he could flip the switch and get his beliefs separated from his facts, but he (they actually) sadly never will.
I am still shocked this hasn’t been posted yet:Unpublished Paper
Equilibrium in FX Swap Markets: Funding Pressures and the Cross-Currency Basis. (2017)
Abstract
Departure from Covered Interest Parity (CIP), known as the cross currency basis, is not just a staple of crises: it can build up slowly and persist. Some bases exacerbated in 2008 and have not gone away since then. To understand this new normality, we turn the CIP logic on its head. We look at the Foreign Exchange (FX) swap market as the very market where scarce funding capacities are exchanged; the basis becomes an equilibrium outcome that compensates one of the parties for the temporary loss in the possession of one the currencies. Ultimately, the counterparty's funding pressure in that currency is what determines the willingness to pay for such endogenous possession value.
In our model of FX swap markets, banks compete for funding in two currencies. Banks face secured funding constraints, governing how securities can be pledged and short-sold. Banks' equity is tied to leverage ratio constraints, which end up bounding all their positions. However, the former, not the latter,' cross currency actions targeting international funding pressures, in particular FX swaps lines and collateral policies.
Keywords
- FX swaps; repo; Euro-Dollar currency basis; the 2008 dollar squeeze; possession; canonical buy-sell arbitrage; central banks coordinated intervention; money markets; liquidity.
Disciplines
Publication DateSeptember, 2017
Citation InformationJean-Marc Bottazzi, Jaime Luque and Mario Pascoa. "Equilibrium in FX Swap Markets: Funding Pressures and the Cross-Currency Basis" . (2017)
Available at:
Creative Commons License
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons CC_BY-NC-ND International License.DONABATE, IRELAND – Seamus Heaney, enthralled with the work of a roof thatcher, wrote that the man worked for days, “pinning down his world, handful by handful … and left them gaping at his Midas touch.”
The poet wrote those lines in 1969, when hundreds of thousands of thatched-roof cottages were an unavoidable feature of the Irish landscape. These days, cottages are still on postcards, but tourists have a hard time finding them, and thatchers have dwindled to a few.
The latest warning in a government-sponsored study estimates that only 1,300 thatched-roof buildings remain in the Irish Republic and Northern Ireland. If more disappear, thatchers will go out of business, and the remaining roofs will fall apart.
For years, the government contributed to the problem by encouraging cottage-dwellers to save on maintenance by covering the thatch with corrugated tin. Now, though, thatched roofs are occasionally tacked onto pubs and suburban homes as a startlingly incongruous status symbol.
Few people in wealthy 21st-century Ireland have any interest in actually inhabiting 18th-century homes with one bedroom and thick mud walls. Cottage dwellers are quick to list their advantages – cool in summer, warm in winter, environmentally sound – but the fragile roofs must be replaced about once a decade, and the earthen floors can be damp.
The houses, said Colm Murray, architecture officer with the government’s Heritage Council, “hearken back to the times when people had to make their way in the world with the materials readily available to them.”
John Brereton, 53, followed his father, grandfather and great-grandfather into the thatching trade, and now works with his son.
“When I started, at first I couldn’t stick it because you needed so much patience,” he said on a tea break. “You start with a handful of straw, and you look up and say, ‘When am I going to finish this?’ It takes about 5,000 handfuls of straw to thatch a house.”
Back up a ladder after his break, Brereton took clumps of straw that he had twisted together and shoved them into a large divot where he had cut away wet and rotted thatch. Next spring, he will replace the entire roof, a job that costs about $16,500, about half of which is covered by public preservation grants.
Below, members of the family that has owned the cottage since it was built in the 1700s acknowledge that it makes little sense for modern living. Ann Savage was born in the house 60 years ago and grew up in its two rooms with her parents, two siblings and grandmother.
The cottage was passed on through her female ancestors, and women in the family now live there as an informal rite of passage after marriage.
.
“We did have a lot of problems, with flooding and damp, but you just get over that,” said her daughter, Vivenne Goodwin.Evidence at a criminal trial was sufficient to warrant a finding that a breaking and entering occurred in the "night time," as required by G. L. c. 266, Section 15, even though there was no evidence as to the precise time of sunset on the day the crime was committed. [752-755]
Evidence at the trial of a defendant charged with breaking and entering a dwelling house in the night time with intent to commit a felony was sufficient to warrant a finding that the apartment broken into was a dwelling house within the meaning of G. L. c. 266, Section 15, even though it had no furniture or other personal property in it. [755-757]
INDICTMENTS found and returned in the Superior Court on January 12, 1977.
The cases were tried before Garrity, J.
After review by the Appeals Court, the Supreme Judicial Court granted leave to obtain further appellate review.
Richard J. Hayes for the defendant.
William L. Pardee, Assistant District Attorney, for the Commonwealth.
WILKINS, J. The Appeals Court sustained the defendant's conviction of assault and battery but reversed his conviction of breaking and entering a dwelling house in the nighttime with intent to commit a felony. G. L. c. 266, Section 15. Commonwealth v. Kingsbury, 7 Mass. App. Ct. 51 (1979). [Note 1] We granted the parties' cross-applications for further appellate review.
Page 752
Without further comment, we agree with the Appeals Court on the issues as to which the defendant has sought further appellate review. We disagree, however, with the Appeals Court's conclusion on the issue as to which the Commonwealth has sought further appellate review: that the defendant's conviction under G. L. c. 266, Section 15, should be reversed due to the absence of any evidence that the crime occurred in the nighttime. We reject the defendant's further argument that there was no evidence that the apartment he broke into was a dwelling house. We, therefore, affirm both judgments.
1. The Appeals Court concluded that the defendant's motion for a directed verdict should have been allowed because the evidence did not warrant a finding that the breaking and entering occurred in the "night time" as required by G. L. c. 266, Section 15. 7 Mass. App. Ct. at 55. Section 10 of G. L. c. 278 defines "night time" as "the time between one hour after sunset on one day and one hour before sunrise on the next day." The Appeals Court viewed the Commonwealth's evidence as showing "the break-in to have occurred sometime between the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 7:00 P.M." on October 31, 1975. 7 Mass. App. Ct. at 55. There was no evidence as to the precise time of sunset on that day. The Appeals Court concluded that it could not "be said to be a matter of common knowledge that one hour after sunset on October 31, 1975, fell before 6:00 P.M." Id. This statement assumes that the jury had to conclude that the break-in occurred at 6 P.M.
In considering the denial of the motion for a directed verdict, we must decide whether there was enough evidence concerning the time of sunset on October 31 to satisfy a rational trier of fact beyond a reasonable doubt that the sun had set more than one hour before the commission
Page 753
of the crime. Commonwealth v. Latimore, ante 671, 676-679 (1979). Jurors are entitled to rely on their general knowledge of matters commonly known within the community. See, e.g., Commonwealth v. Fitzgerald, 376 Mass. 402 , 420 (1978) (atmosphere of fear in housing projects); Commonwealth v. McColl, 375 Mass. 316 , 323 (1978) (not all criminals are insane); Commonwealth v. 707 Main Corp., 371 Mass. 374 , 384 (1976) (views of average people in the community as an appropriate norm for deciding if a matter "appeals to prurient interest"); Crowe v. Ward, 363 Mass. 85 , 90 (1973) (weather phenomena).
The Commonwealth introduced evidence of the date and time of the break-in and evidence that it occurred after dark. We note the special circumstance that the break-in occurred on Halloween, a day on which the time of the arrival of darkness is given particular attention. Based on evidence presented at trial and on their common knowledge, the jurors could have concluded beyond a reasonable doubt that the break-in occurred more than an hour after sunset.
The evidence presented by the Commonwealth showed that the break-in took place sometime after 6 P.M., probably no earlier than 6:15 P.M., and no later than 7:10 P.M. The evidence most favorable to the Commonwealth on the nighttime issue was that the break-in occurred at 7:10 P.M., not 6 P.M., as the Appeals Court assumed. There was evidence of the degree of darkness in the apartment. One witness testified that the defendant told him not to turn on the lights. Another testified that it was dark and that, when he turned on the lights, the defendant turned them off. He also testified that he could see across the room only when cars went by with their headlights on.
The jury were permitted to rely on their common knowledge that October 31 falls approximately halfway between the autumnal equinox and the winter solstice and that daylight saving time was not in effect on October 31, 1975. The jurors certainly had a general idea of the
Page 754
hour of sunset on Halloween, a night when neighborhood children traditionally have engaged in a mild form of extortion known as "trick or treat."
Taking the evidence most favorable to the Commonwealth, and recognizing that a jury may use their general knowledge in determining what inferences may be drawn to establish a material fact not proved by direct evidence, we conclude that the case was properly submitted to the jury. The evidence warranted a conclusion beyond a reasonable doubt that the break-in occurred after 7 P.M. and that the sun had set more than one hour before. In fact, the jury would have been warranted in inferring that the sun had set considerably earlier than 6 P.M. The Appeals Court took the evidence least favorable to the Commonwealth when it disregarded the evidence of darkness, fixed the time of the break-in at 6 P.M., and concluded that the jury could not determine, as a matter of common knowledge, that the sun had set more than an hour before that.
In view of what we have said, it is not necessary to answer the Commonwealth's argument that we should fill in the missing direct proof, or treat its omission as harmless error, by taking judicial notice that the sun set at approximately 4:40 P.M. E.S.T. on October 31, 1975. We note that some courts have taken judicial notice of the time of sunset to uphold burglary convictions. See, e.g., Mitchell v. State, 549 P.2d 96, 100 (Okla. Crim. App. 1976); Parish v. State, 523 S.W.2d 665, 666 (Tex. Crim. App. 1975). See generally Annot., 82 A.L.R.2d 643 (1962). Of course, courts may notice matters of common knowledge (e.g., Commonwealth v. Crehan, 345 Mass. 609 , 611 [1963] [circulation of major newspapers in Boston area]) and matters verifiable by authoritative sources (e.g., Commonwealth v. Whynaught, 377 Mass. 14 , 17-18 [1979] [accuracy of radar]). See K.B. Hughes, Evidence Section 71 (1961); W. B. Leach & P. J. Liacos, Massachusetts Evidence 34-39 (4th ed. 1967). The right of a court to take judicial notice of subjects of common knowledge is substantially
Page 755
the same as the right of jurors to rely on their common knowledge. See 9 J. Wigmore, Evidence Section 2570, at 542 (3d ed. 1940). However, proof of an essential element of a crime should not be supplied by judicial notice taken at the appellate level. [Note 2] United States v. Jones, 580 F.2d 219, 223-224 (6th Cir. 1978). The proper practice in a criminal trial is to submit all factual issues to the jury, including matters of which the judge may take judicial notice. See Fed. R. Evid. 201(g) (jury in a criminal trial not bound by fact judicially noticed); United States v. Jones, supra. [Note 3] Such a submission was made in this case. The jury were left to decide, based on the evidence, reasonable inferences, and matters of common knowledge, whether the break-in occurred more than one hour after sunset. Judicial notice as to the precise time of sunset was neither sought nor taken at the trial level. We would not supplement the Commonwealth's proof on appeal by taking judicial notice of a fact not submitted to the jury.
2. The defendant argues that the evidence did not warrant a finding that he broke into a "dwelling house." The Appeals Court did not reach this question because it concluded that the evidence did not warrant a finding that the break-in occurred in the nighttime. The defendant does not challenge the basic proposition that an apartment may be a dwelling house under G. L. c. 266, Section 15. See
Page 756
R.A. Anderson, Wharton's Criminal Law and Procedure Section 423, at 45 (1957 & Supp. 1979); W.R. LaFave & A. W. Scott, Jr., Criminal Law Section 96, at 712 (1972); R. Perkins, Criminal Law 201 (2d ed. 1969). He argues that the apartment in question was not a dwelling house at the time of the break-in because it had no furniture or other personal property in it and no one was actually living in it. There is no statutory definition of "dwelling house" as used in G. L. c. 266, Section 15.
The evidence warranted the jury in finding the following facts. A previous tenant had moved out of the apartment on October 25. The new tenants had not moved their belongings in, although they had paid a deposit by October 31. The apartment had been repainted between October 25 and October 31. The new tenants took possession of the premises on October 28 and had permission to move in at that time. They had a key to the apartment, and it was they and a friend who found the defendant and others in the apartment on the evening of October 31. These tenants intended to live in the apartment, and one of them testified that he "lived" in the apartment on October 31, 1975.
The question before us has not often been considered by courts, presumably because a place for human habitation neither occupied nor furnished presents limited opportunities for the commission of a felony following a break-in. [Note 4] If a tenant has leased previously occupied premises and has moved in items of personal property, even though he has never spent a night there, those premises have been held to be a dwelling house, defined by statute as "any building of which any part has usually been occupied by any person lodging therein at night." State v. Matson, 3 Or. App. 518, 519 (1970). See Commonwealth v. Brown, 3 Rawle 207 (Pa. 1832). An unoccupied but furnished summer home to which its owner intends to return
Page 757
has been held to be an "inhabited dwelling house." State v. Lisiewski, 20 Ohio St. 2d 20 (1969) (5-2 decision). On the other hand, where a statute defined a dwelling house as inhabited if a person resided therein, even if it was temporarily unoccupied, an unoccupied apartment that had been rented for occupancy to begin after the date of the break-in was not "inhabited" because it was no one's residence in the interim. People v. Valdez, 203 Cal. App. 2d 559, 563 (1962). An apartment used for a purpose other than habitation is not a dwelling house. Poff v. State, 4 Md. App. 186, 189 (1967). An intention to rent a building as a dwelling at some future time does not make it a dwelling house. See Marston v. State, 9 Md. App. 360, 363-364 (1969).
In this case, the new tenants had taken possession of the apartment with an intention to live there. They had a right of access and a right to move in at the time of the break-in. One tenant testified that he regarded the apartment as his place of residence. In fact, it was the tenants who confronted the defendant in the apartment. We need not decide whether an apartment between tenancies is a "dwelling house" under G. L. c. 266, Section 15, [Note 5] because the jury could have found beyond a reasonable doubt that the new tenancy had commenced. The absence of any personal property from the apartment is not dispositive.
Judgments of the Superior Court affirmed.
FOOTNOTES
[Note 1] The Appeals Court remanded the case to the Superior Court for resentencing under G. L. c. 266, Section 18, for breaking and entering a "building" in the daytime. Commonwealth v. Kingsbury, 7 Mass. App. Ct. 51 , 56 (1979). There is no statutory crime of breaking and entering a dwelling house in the day time.
[Note 2] The time of sunset is not technically an element of the crime of burglary. The prosecution must prove not simply the time of sunset but that the break-in occurred one hour or more after sunset. The time of sunset is so closely related to the element of "night time," however, that taking judicial notice of it would, in many cases, supply a missing link in the Commonwealth's proof of an essential element.
[Note 3] The proposed Rules of Evidence for Massachusetts Courts, Article II, Judicial Notice, Rule 201, Judicial Notice of Adjudicative Facts, states in clause (g): "In a criminal case, the court shall instruct the jury that it may, but is not required to, accept as conclusive any fact judicially noticed." The Advisors' Notes state that the committee elected to follow the Federal Rule, commenting that "[t]he committee felt that to instruct a jury in a criminal case to accept as conclusive any fact judicially noticed is inappropriate as it would be contrary to the spirit of the Sixth Amendment right to a jury trial."
[Note 4] In the case before us, the defendant took a young boy to the apartment with the intent to commit an indecent assault.
[Note 5] In Commonwealth v. Barney, 10 Cush. 478 (1852), we held that the evidence did not support a charge of burning the dwelling house of one Wheaton because the owner had never occupied the building as a residence and the building had been unoccupied by anyone for many months. We noted that "the dwelling-house burnt must be an occupied house; a dwelling-house in which some one lives, using the term in a liberal sense, and treating the cases of mere temporary absence as substantially a continued occupation." Id. at 480. The statutory language concerning arson of a dwelling house now includes the words "occupied or unoccupied." G. L. c. 266, Section 1, as amended through St. 1974, c. 281, Section 1. See Commonwealth v. Murphy, 1 Mass. App. Ct. 71 , 75 (1973).Toilet Hinged Arm Support. Constucted of steel with enamel coating. (Mounting fasteners not included.) Latex free. Toilet tissue dispenser also available.
Place Your Order Here
Sammons Preston Toilet Hinged Arm Support
Toilet Hinged Arm12 187023 01, 178 0230, 178 0232, 178 0231
Mfg Part Number(s): 6312, 081170299, 081170281, 081170307
Scrip Part Number(s): 712 187023 01, 178 0231, 178 0230, 178 0232Basic Information
- Description:
- Online music catalog with free music streaming, videos, photos, lyrics, charts, artist biographies, concerts and internet radio.
- Pagerank:
- 8
- Link Owner:
- VCTech
- Date Added:
- July 21, 2011 05:05:37 PM
- Number Hits:
- 1
- Preview:
- Alexa Rank:
SEO ReportVeep‘s upcoming seventh season will be its last, Julia Louis-Dreyfus told The Hollywood Reporter this week. So is this another Game of Thrones situation where fans will have to wait until 2019 to see what happens next?
While no premiere date for Veep has officially been announced, it thankfully seems that the show will likely return in April 2018. So far, every single season of Veep has premiered in April, sometimes late in the month and sometimes earlier.
With Game of Thrones, there’s such a long delay between episodes because production on the eighth season hasn’t even begun, and when it does, it will be quite extensive, especially since there’s some discussion of every episode being feature length. But with Veep, production will begin on October 16, according to The Hollywood Reporter. That means there’s really no reason the seventh season shouldn’t be completed by April; for comparison, the most recent season began production in October 2016, and it premiered in April 2017. The final season will be 10 episodes, the same length as the previous seasons, so barring any unexpected developments, it’s safe to assume that it will not take any longer to produce Season 7 than previous seasons of the show and that Veep will therefore return in April 2018.
Selina Meyer on Veep. | HBO
Showrunner David Mandel told The Hollywood Reporter this week that the Veep writers have broken every episode of the final season, ands so they’ll be ready to go for October 16. While brainstorming the final season, it evidently became clear that Selina’s journey was at an end and that no more than 10 episodes were needed to close things out. Mandel said that if he and the writers felt they needed five more episodes, they would have done an eighth season, but they never got to that point.
Veep began on HBO in 2012, and it has performed fairly well for the network since then. HBO is now preparing to say goodbye to two of its flagship programs, with Game of Thrones also preparing to shoot its final season. While some recent HBO originals like Ballers haven’t quite stuck in the way the network would have liked, it appears that HBO’s biggest program for the post-Thrones era will be Westworld, which was a hit in its first season and will return for its second season in 2018. HBO is also getting ready to premiere The Deuce, a new series by The Wire‘s David Simon that has been reviewed positively by critics.
Selina Meyer on Veep. | HBOWhat To look Into From An Excellent Building And Pest Inspector.
It is important that when you decide of purchasing a property that you put in mind a construction and inspection of pest. A good pest inspector will be able to identify any issues present in a property. These are different ways in which these problems can affect the individuals in the future. Numerous use of money can be expected as a result, which could have been prevented. In order to prevent these damages, a building and pest inspector is required. Destruction of a property by a termite can be noted and pointed out by this person. Properties with hidden and unnoticed damages do have great negative impacts during your everyday stay at such asset. Qualified the inspector is the only person who has the skills to point out the hidden damages. For one to ensure that he chooses a good inspector, there are a couple of things that need to be put in mind.
An excellent inspector should always carry with him all the tools required to perform his tasks. Devices required for taking images are part of this. The the area to be covered by the property should be in a position to be checked and viewed. Any time that an inspection is done, there is a feedback gotten from the findings that a customer should be made aware of. Giving of findings after the activity is one thing that can make a client know if an inspector is the best. Providing of information to the customer when one complete a task is a requirement.
Simplest the way of passing information is expected from a qualified inspector. The information presented must be in a way that the client understands it very clear without him showing any sign of dissatisfaction. There is difficulty in understanding any reports if passed using a long and complex way. It is important to check the time taken to deliver all your findings. Less time should be taken before submitting the final findings. The result should be passed on via a mail or fax.
When selecting an inspector in building and best, you should always consider the knowledge. He should have enough knowledge such that he can give a good advice to an individual who is interested in purchasing a certain property. Individuals with lack of knowledge can mislead a client in making the wrong choice of a property.
Ensure that the services provided by the company are the best. In order to be sure of this, information and papers from the previous job can have a great help. The report should always have information that is close to what a client is intending to buy. One can be assured of a complete document showing all the necessary information. This will enable a customer bear in mind how the inspection will be done.
Professionals – My Most Valuable Advice
Smart Tips For Finding ProfessionalsRio Haryanto in the bottom record time of free practice ( FP ) Australian GP first day Friday, March 18, 2016 , with the best score of 1 minute 43.372 seconds in seven laps dilahapnya .
As quoted from the official Twitter Manor Racing , Rio is ranked 19th with a distance +13.647 seconds of recording the best time belongs to Mercedes drivers , Lewis Hamilton ( 1 minutes 29.725 seconds ) .
Rio has almost become a racer too late that follow FP1 . It excels 0:03 seconds of Romain Grosjean who use Haas .
Teammate Rio in Manor Racing , Pascal Wehrlein , perform better with a record time of 1 minute 40.401 seconds and was ranked 16th out of five rounds at Albert Park .
At the top , Hamilton +0.421 seconds ahead of Red Bull pair , Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo . While the fourth and fifth place is filled by Nico Hulkenberg ( Force India ) and Max Verstappen ( Toro Rosso ) .
After this , Rio will undergo FP2 which will begin at 12:30 pm.
Complete results Free practive first Formula One Grand Prix of Australia:
1. Lewis Hamilton (Britain) Mercedes 1: 29 725
2. Daniil Kvyat (Russia) Red Bull - TAG Heuer 1: 30 146
3. Daniel Ricciardo (Australia) Red Bull - TAG Heuer 1: 30 875
4. Nico Huelkenberg (Germany) Force India - Mercedes 1: 31 325
5. Max Verstappen (Netherlands) Toro Rosso - Ferrari 1: 31 720
6. Nico Rosberg (Germany) Mercedes 1: 31 814
7. Fernando Alonso (Spain) McLaren 1: 33 060
8. Jenson Button (Britain) McLaren 1: 33 129
9. Sergio Perez (Mexico) Force India - Mercedes 1: 33 370
10. Kevin Magnussen (Denmark) Renault 1: 34 060
11. Valtteri Bottas (Finland) Williams-Mercedes 1: 34 550
12. Felipe Massa (Brazil) Williams-Mercedes 1: 34 679
13. Felipe Nasr (Brazil) Sauber - Ferrari 1: 34 796
14. Jolyon Palmer (Britain) Renault 1: 35 477
15. Marcus Ericsson (Sweden) Sauber - Ferrari 1: 37 956
16. Pascal Wehrlein (Germany) Manor - Mercedes 1: 40 401
17. Kimi Raikkonen (Finland) Ferrari 1: 40 754
18. Esteban Gutierrez (Mexico) Haas - Ferrari 1: 41 780
19. Rio Haryanto (Indonesia) Manor - Mercedes 1: 43 372
20. Romain Grosjean (France) Haas - Ferrari 1: 43 443
21. Sebastian Vettel (Germany) Ferrari
22. Carlos Sainz Jr (Spain) Toro Rosso - Ferrari
source :
0 Response to " Rio Haryanto Almost the last Position in FP1 Australian GP"
Posting KomentarMrs. Teresa English
School Counselor
Education
University of North Texas
Master of Education
North Texas State University
Bachelor of Science in Home Economics
Certification
Principal Grades (EC-12)
Counselor Grades (PK-12)
Vocational Counselor Grades (6-12)
Vocational Occupational Orientation Grades (6-12)
Vocational Home Economics Grades (6-12)
Biography
This will be my eighth year in Northwest ISD and my sixth year at Roanoke Elementary. I have been blessed with over thirty wonderful years in public education, serving as a Principal, Teacher, Coach, Program Director and School Counselor (Vocational, Academic and Guidance). As an administrator, I was selected to serve as a member of the TEA Peer Review Team and as a Model School Mentor for Alternative Schools. I have taught grades sixth-adult education, coached Volleyball, Basketball, Track, Tennis and Cheerleading. In addition to Northwest ISD, I have had the honor of serving the students of Lake Worth ISD, Fort Worth ISD and Arlington ISD.
Contact Information
Roanoke Elementary School Counseling Office
1401 Lancelot Drive
Roanoke, Texas
Office Phone: 817-215-0660Best Cooling Towel For Hiking – Your summer seaside getaway is definitely exceedingly enjoyable in the event you pack the beach towels. Why? Naturally, beach towels are a thing that dries our self after swimming into the water. Nevertheless, swimming and treating into the water aren’t only the actions we typically do at the beach. There are plenty of entertaining-centered routines like surfing, Jet Skiing, beach volleyball, baseball and a great deal more. Every one of these require physical power that’ll undoubtedly place you into perspiration that is immense. Hence, towels and a large help remove sweat or any extra water out of your body absolutely perform.
Today, beach towels are currently abounding on the market with countless models and customers might confuse in choosing which one is ideal. Many have radiant and breathtaking colors while some could have beautiful attractive models which might be charming towards the eyes. Nevertheless, they change in characteristics that’ll sometimes confuse your decision. Obviously, inexpensive towels aren’t as durable as the one that is pricey.
Nonetheless, do we really should devote big money just to obtain a topquality beach towel? I actually don’t feel so, depending on my experience a fantastic seaside getaway is without spending alot in your preferred towel possible. All you have to to do would be to start your PC and surf on the net. Look for a beach towel website that is reputable and you’ll absolutely get allured in everything they offer from fair rates to enchanting colors and models.
They’ve different collections that people could pick including pet velour towels, cheetah developed eagle, dolphins, bike, towels, monster, horse, lion and many more. If you are a cat lover , dolphin or any dog lover you are now able to bring your chosen dog at the seaside by using your velour towels. It could possibly spark a chat among you as well as other dog fans out-there inside the beach.
When you can easily see in most outlets, towel sizes that are several are available. When you desire to purchase towels to your seaside outing ensure you find the one that is huge. Truly, everytime you will get out from the water is perfectly fit your body by it. You as a defense in the excessive warmth of the sun while sleeping near the beach or can create utilization of it in addition to mud bedding. It’d undoubtedly be the very best towel to get a seaside summer holiday that is perfect.
A seaside escape isn’t only enjoying the water it should be a getaway foryou in choosing a great velour beach towels, as well as your household too so take some time. It’s the hottest thing to possess in addition to essentially the most durable yet inexpensive towels which might be absolutely useful. It may also become a perfect gift for any situation like graduations, birthdays, vacations and family events. Therefore transfer your mouse today and begin purchasing towels inside the way that is most convenient.
Related Post "Best Cooling Towel For Hiking"During a three-year Project Management apprenticeship you will be responsible for supporting the successful delivery of different projects by gathering information about time, cost and quality constraints, identifying and analysing data trends and driving actions to their conclusion..
As well as spending time in the office, you’ll also get out and about visiting key stakeholders in other buildings and locations. You'll be joining Naval Ships based in Glasgow who design and build a full range of naval ships, giving customers the capability to fulfil extensive naval operations. We also develop and integrate state of the art combat systems for the surface fleet, equipping customers with the best possible information to operate effectively in modern naval environments.
2 Highers including English plus 5 subjects at National 5 including English and Maths.
You will also be expected to be medically fit as deemed necessary to perform the role, be eligible to work in the UK and be able to successfully achieve security clearance.
At the end of three years, you will have obtained an SCQF Level 8 Diploma in Project Management (equivalent to second year of degree study) as well as having gained invaluable work experience.
The Project Management Apprenticeship will enable you to develop core transferable skills and open up a range of career opportunities. The scheme is also accredited by the Association for Project Management (APM).
Diploma in Project Management (EAL) (SCQF Level 8)BioA: Riplinger, Mr./Mrs. Fred (50th - 1953)
Contact: Stan
Surnames: Riplinger, White, Loesch, Prentice, July, Mihlke
Marathon County Register (Unity, Clark County, Wis.) 6 Mar 1953
Riplinger, Mr./Mrs. Fred (50th - 1 Mar. 1953)
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Riplinger celebrated their Golden Wedding Saturday. Frank Riplinger of Chicago, Illinois was here for the occasion.
Wisconsin Marriage Records
Frederich Riplinger
groom's birthplace: Manitowoc Co., Wis.
bride's name: Bertha Mihlke
bride's birthplace: Colby, Clark, Wis.
marriage date: 28 Feb 1903
marriage place: Clark, Wisconsin
groom's father's name: Frank Riplinger
groom's mother's name: Katherine Riplinger
bride's father's name: Herman Mihlke
bride's mother's name: Minnie Mihlke
groom's race: White
bride's race: White
1900 Federal Census, ED 83 Hull town Colby city Ward East, Marathon, Wisconsin, United States, pg. 1, family 11
Bertha Mihlke, single, white
female, servant
father's birthplace: Wisconsin
mother's birthplace: Wisconsin
Household Members
head Nathaniel White M 41 (Nov 1859) Pennsylvania, Hotel Keeper, father b. VT, mother b. NY
wife Josie L White F 47 (Nar 1853) Ohio, 4 children-1 living, father b. VT, mother b. OH
son Earl L White M 11 (Jul 1889) Wisconsin
servant Bertha Mihlke F 19 (Oct 1881) Wisconsin, dining room girl at the hotel
servant Minne Mihlke F 15 (Mar 1885) Wisconsin, cook in the hotel
servant Frank Loesch M 24 (Jan 1876) Wisconsin, hotel clerk
boarder Charles Prentice M 26 (Jan 1874) Wisconsin, common laborer
boarder John July M 54 (Apr 1846) Wisconsin, saloon keeper
1900 Federal Census, ED 83 Hull town Colby city Ward East, Marathon, Wisconsin, United States, pg. 2, family 34
Fred Riplinger, white, single,
male
father's birthplace: Germany
mother's birthplace: Germany
Household Members
head Frank Riplinger M 57 (Nov 1843) Germany
son Fred Riplinger M 24 (Nov 1876) Wisconsin
son Benjamin Riplinger M 21 (Aug 1879) Wisconsin
daughter Catherine Riplinger F 18 (Mar 1882) Wisconsin
daughter Anna Riplinger F 16 (May 1884) Wisconsin
1910 Federal Census, Marathon, Wisconsin, pg. 14, family 52
Fred Riplinger, white, married,
male
father's birthplace: Germany
mother's birthplace: Germany
Household Members
self Fred Riplinger M 32y Wisconsin
wife Bertha Riplinger F 29y Wisconsin
son Ellise Riplinger M 4y Wisconsin
dau Hazel Riplinger F 1y 6m Wisconsin
1920 Federal Census, Clark, Wisconsin
Bertha Riplinger, white,
married female
father's birthplace: Germany
mother's birthplace: Wisconsin
Household Members
self Fred Riplinger M 43y Wisconsin
wife Bertha Riplinger F 39y Wisconsin
son Allis Riplinger M 13y Wisconsin
daughter Hazel Riplinger F 11y Wisconsin
son Frank Riplinger M 7y Wisconsin
daughter Helen Riplinger F 2y WisconsinYour browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
In Stock
These stoneware covers fit our 1-, 3- and 5-gallon Stoneware Pickling Crocks. Made in Ohio, each sturdy cover is fired at a high temperature for durability and finished with a food-safe, lead-free glaze.
REVIEW SNAPSHOT®
(based on 5 reviews)
Ratings Distribution
5 Stars
(4)
4 Stars
(1)
3 Stars
(0)
2 Stars
1 Stars
100%
of respondents would recommend this to a friend.
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Reviewed by 5 customers
Displaying reviews 1-5
Back to top
Stoneware Cover
By Jackie
from Parlier, CA
Fits well, but not pefectly.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
1 gal stoneware crock cover
By Kim
from Arden hills mn
It was a present for my daughter in law . I ordered the crock and forgot the lid
Awesome
By Danraoul
from Raleigh, NC
Great top fits good
Stoneware Crock Covers
By Mel
from Jacksonville Florida
They are excellent! Great quality for brine, salt and sugar preserves. I would highly recommend these. Be careful they will break. :)
(3 of 3 customers found this review helpful)
No bugs, no dust, no smell!
By The Sauerkraut guy
from Kalama, Wa
I'm making a batch of sauerkraut right now in my 5 gallon crock. This lid helps keep the temperature moderate as well as keep dust and critters from getting into the crock. There are small "creases" in the bottom of the lid designed to allow gases to escape which works very well. On my last batch of kraut I used cheesecloth over a bucket, which allowed more fermentation gases to escape which my family didn't like, and also the brine would tend to evaporate quicker, causing me to top it off regularly. None of those issues with this lid. Great product, and great looking.Description
IT Quality Index Expert - Certified IT Quality Expert - CITQE
Course Learning Objectives
This qualification presents an expert level of IT QUALITY INDEX framework – concept of quantification quality of IT into management comprehensive form. Course participants will gain expert knowledge how to asses actual IT quality levels, identify areas with biggest improvement potential. CITQE, AITQE will learn, how to communicate results to stakeholders.
Candidates will learn how to manage quality assessment session, how to process, interpret and communicate result data. For becoming Accredited IT Quality Expert and to pass IT QUALITY INDEX accreditation additional conditions and term apply.
Download course overview in PDFDELILAHSole SocietyFringe Heeled Sandal
$89.95
Size:
Is Your Size Sold Out?Waitlist Me
- Description
A chunky stacked heel sandal that can be worn all day long with extra fringe benefits. Crafted from soft suede, this fringed-out pair has adjustable straps with a buckle closure and a raw stacked heel for a more casual look.
- Material: Suede
- Heel Height: 3"
- Fit: True to Size
- Shoe Width: Medium
- How To Wear It
On Model: Sanctuary Top, Frame Denim.An Introduction to Freemasonry
What's it all about?
Following on from the previous and highly successful information evenings, the Provincial Grand Master desires to continue the development and education of prospective candidates and provide as much information as possible about Freemasonry and on what life as a Freemason has to offer. Ideally, this would be before a candidate joins or as soon as possible after Initiation.
The programme is just one of the Province’s initiatives with respect to recruitment, retention and "strategy for the future", very much complimenting the “Membership Pathway” programme and emphasising the Province’s message of "Freemasonry, traditional values for the modern man”.
It is aimed, a number of our Masonic centres will hold an informal information and education evening. This will provide an opportunity where interested gentlemen and potential candidates together with their wives/partners, (accompanied by sponsors with their wife/partner, and other Lodge members),
The events will also provide an opportunity to tour the hall and lodge rooms and discuss all aspects of Freemasonry in a very open and relaxed atmosphere. (additional events may also be added subject to demand):, PProvSGW, contact details and enquiries via the Provincial OfficeFormat: Trade Paperback
Published: June 22, 2011
Dimensions: 5.25 x 8.5 in, 53 pages
ISBN-13: 9780981052533
Binding: Perfect Bound
$12.95
Source for Wholesale Orders:Jenn Sallans, VOLUMES Tel: 1-888-571-2665
No minimum quantity
Worldwide shipping
(also available from Library Services Centre)
From the Publisher:
Stewart goes over to Mrs. Chairbottom's house expecting a Hallowe'en party and discovers ... something else!
Book Three of the Babysitter Out of Control! Series
From the Critics:
"In keeping with the other two books in the series, this is a quick-paced, plot-driven novel aimed at children new to the world of chapter books. The illustrations are bright and colourful, with the right amount of spookiness for a young reader. Recommended." CM: Canadian Review of Materials, Feb. 17, 2012Wow64.dll, Wow64cpu.dll, Wow64win.dll - files not found Hi all, my 1st post. I'm running Windows 8 pro 64bit on a self-build.
What exactly are DLL files, and how do they work? If one of these DLL files in the chain of dependency is not found, the application.
DLL-Files Fixer, free and safe download. DLL-Files Fixer latest version: Beat Those Frustrating Errors with DLL-Files Fixer. The letters ?DLL? often spell horror.
Game Error: "The file d3dx9_xx.DLL was not found" The file d3dx9_25.dll was not found. \Program Files\Microsoft Games\Game Title.. The Wonderful World Of Steroids Online; If the treatment had not been successful, the world would not have a genius.
Download DLL files for free and fix missing DLL file errors.
Download Client is the DLL fixer.
Dynamic Link Library (DLL) files are integral to the functionality of a computer and the software that runs on one. If a DLL is corrupted or missing.
DLL Files for free download. Database of dll files for free download. Direct links to dll files.
How to unregister a dll file in Windows path or debug it to check for problems with the binary or dependant.DLL files. the specific module could not be found.
Download DLL files for free and fix missing DLL file errors.What is a DLL? A DLL is a library Dependency Walker checks for program files or DLLs that are not valid. Dependency Walker checks that import functions and export.
Where are DLL files stored in Windows. DLL files are executable files that are used by operating systems to run most essential services and system tasks.
Caution: We do not recommend downloading data_dll.dll from "DLL download" sites. These sites distribute DLL files that are unapproved by the official data_dll.dll.
PDB files not found in HelloWorld program RKA. This 'HelloWorld.exe': Loaded 'C:\Program Files\Common Files\LogiShrd\LVMVFM\LVPrcInj.dll'.
Fix dll is missing or was not found error. This DLL fix tool checks the errors in dll, Within a few seconds, this DLL files fixer can detect the missing.
How to Open DLL Files. The Dynamic Link Library, or DLL file, is a mainstay of traditional Windows programming. These files are used by programs to gain additional.
Download - Download and restore missing dll files! Request a DLL; Link to Us; Slashdot; Stumble Upon; DLL-Downloads.com.
What exactly are DLL files, and how do they work? If one of these DLL files in the chain of dependency is not found, the application.
How to Delete DLL Files. To delete unwanted or corrupt dll files, you will need to find them by making hidden files visible, unregister them through Command Prompt.
Need to restore a DirectX DLL file? This is a common problem with games. Restore the file properly from the DirectX installation package. Here's.
Dynamic-link library DLL files may be library will fail to start if the DLL cannot be found, because Windows will not run the application unless.A common task that arises for home computer users is figuring out how to register a DLL to but the DLLRegisterServer entry point was not found. not all dll files.
Issue When trying to play a video, the following message appears: xvidcore.dll not found Solution To solve this problem: Download xvidcore.dll by clicking.
Welcome to DLL information site for Windows 7. This site was built by scanning all DLL files located in system32 directory of Windows 7 release candidate and creating.
Having problems with DLL files? If so, you’ve come to the right place. Our comprehensive DLL File Troubleshooting Directory contains detailed instructions.
DLL Files Download. A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 0-9 Latest Home. Latest Downloads. mscorlib.resources.dll; mlse_eq.dll.
How to fix DLL files for Windows PCs. Have you experienced slow PC, system startup errors, DLL entry point not found problems, program runtime errors, blue screen.
The Microsoft operating supports different kinds of dll files. Admin July 24, 2016 No Comments on Msvcp140.dll Is Missing or Not Found Errors.
If i add code to an assembly it will cease to be a metadata file and become an assembly dll? The link you provided did not show any project options.
DLL Files Fixer DLL-files Fixer allows access to an extensive dll file library for you to download and install using a simple search-and-click installation.
A DLL file has two possible file associations, but is most likely a Dynamic Link Library. Learn what Windows programs can open DLL files.
SynISDLL.dll Not Found. For more information see how to search your PC for dll files. 0 Comments Load More. Similar DLL Files. Sync.dll: Bluetooth.If you must install the Missing DLL Files in your Windows computer, Three easy steps to install.
I had the same msvcr80d.dll not found problem when trying to run the debug of a simple Last time I checked the dll-files version.
All DLL files available for free download. Browse DLL files by alphabetical order.
I tried copying the files into \Windows\System32 but that didn't work, the program just crashes on launch. MSVCR100.DLL not found. johno16071624.
Guide for Windows PC users who are trying to fix Dll system errors. You can repair corrupt or dll not found error messages by downloading dll files.
Download Client to fix DLLerror automatically.
I've been having the same issue with photoshop CS3 and keep getting the same error The specified module could not be found. C:\Program Files\Adobe DLL and I found.
If the Computer Hope search does not return any results for your dll file or you re encountering issues with multiple dll files, continue reading.
DllDump has thousands of dll files for free. Find the exact dll file you are looking and fix your problem.
after right click fault told that resourse file is missing found file but could not open dll files.
DLL Files for free download. Fix and restore missing DLL files for your Windows system.Describes how to use the System File Checker tool to troubleshoot missing or corrupted system files in Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7 or Windows Vista.
DLL Suite - DLL files fixer / error repair tool to fix DLL missing not found errors and download DLL files for free for Windows.
If the Computer Hope search does not return any results for your dll file or you're encountering issues with multiple dll files, continue reading.
I've just updated to 8.1 and am now getting notification that ".\System\SysMenu.dll The specified module could not be found." I'm not finding anything.
Why can't Visual Studio find my DLL? You only told Visual Studio how to find the files it needs. DLL dependency not found DESPITE Environment variable being.
Most iisutil.dll errors are related to missing or corrupt iisutil.dll files. Here are the top five most common iisutil.dll errors.
How To Fix Dbghelp.dll is Missing or Not Found Errors.
The add-in C: Program Files McAfee McAfeeVirusScan scanemal.dll could not be found.
Download Client is the DLL fixer.
What is a DLL file? DLL (Dynamically Link Library) is an executable file that permits programs to share code to perform one or more predefined functions.
Dynamic-link library DLL files may be library will fail to start if the DLL cannot be found, because Windows will not run the application unless.Cost
2017 Composite Decking Prices | Cost of Composite Decking Oct 10, 2017 . The average cost of composite decking is $35 per square foot. See why more homeowners are adding composite decks as opposed to wood!Resurface or Rebuild? How to Bring New Life To Your Old Deck . Apr 28, 2015 . Have a look at the before and after photos of this resurfacing project: Seventrust - Porch. In this example, the homeowners have swapped out the materials of the deck (from wooden to low-maintenance/high-performance composite,) added a shot of contrast in the color, and introduced a much more contemporary..
Deck Cost Calculator | Composite Deck Cost Estimator | Seventrust Get an estimate of how much it would cost to build your custom dream deck with Seventrust's deck cost calculator. Plan and customize your outdoor oasis today!Resurface Your Wood Deck with Seventrust Composite Decking - YouTube Jul 20, 2010 . Learn how to replace an old wooden deck and resurface your deck with Seventrust composite decking. At Seventrust, we support the DIY movement and can help you get started on resurvacing your deck. Learn more at /build-your-deck/diy/..
Resurface Your Weather Worn Deck with..
Deck Boards | C&L Ward The products on this page represent the est in class for your composite deck. . Choosing C&L Ward to resurface your existing deck is a great decision that will increase the value of your home and eliminate tiresome annual deck . These are a few considerations for care and maintenance of your composite decking
UltraDeck QuickCap Deck Cover - Midwest Manufacturing UltraDeck
Can I Just Resurface My Deck with Seventrust Decking? - WoodcraftBuild When it comes to decks, the option of resurfacing often arises instead of completely rebuilding. Resurfacing an existing structure with a high-quality, low maintenance alternative, like Seventrust decking is doable under the right circumstances. How do you know whether a resurface or a rebuild is right for you? Let's compare both..
Painting Composite Decking | Professional Deck Builder . May 1, 2012 . A: Shane O'Neill responds: Composite decking is supposed to resist peeling and fading, but how well it succeeds depends on the product and its . it to pass through - can have a similar effect; a study by NAHB found that the reflection off low-e glass could heat a decking surface to over 200 degrees
9 best Seventrust Deck Resurfacing images on Pinterest | Decks, Railings . Resurface an old wood deck with maintenance free Seventrust Decking | See more ideas about Decks, Railings and Vinyl railing. . Great Railings has affordable prices that you CAN'T beat anywhere, by cutting out the middle man and sell direct to you. All of out railings also meet all building codes commercial & residential
Don't Rebuild Your Deck Resurface It with Composite Decking Why composite decking? Composite Deck Supplies. No matter how diligent you are about maintaining your wooden deck, no amount of stain or sealant will stop the natural weathering process of hardwood. Overtime, wood exposed to sun and moisture will warp, rot, splinter and attract fungus or mildew. With the cost and..
pvc composite decking resurfacing - Composite Flooring Wholesale This is a long deck, so we added some custom. Magic Deck PVC Decking Cover - YouTube Oct 25, 2012 . Magic Deck is a cost effective alternative to replacing your old wood decking on . Resurface Your Wood Deck with Seven trust Composite Decking.. 2017 Deck Repair Costs: Cost To Replace Deck Boards, Fix Railing..
How to Freshen Composite Deck Material With Paint or Stain | Paint . Jun 7, 2011 . If you intend to paint your composite deck, first prime it with a quality exterior latex stain-blocking primer recommended for use on plastic materials. . Because of its face-up exposure, decks take a beating both from elements and from abrasive foot traffic, so even the highest quality paints and stains will..
Deck Resurfacing - Deck Repair Deck Resurfacing in Somerset NJ . Resurfacing your old deck with new pressure treated wood or composite (Seventrust) is a stress free process. . NJ Deck Resurfacing with Seventrust products . Lower Cost. This type of material is less expensive to manufacturer, thus lowering the total cost of construction. What this means for you is a high quality deck at a lower priceWe're hiring!
UK General Insurance is seeking new talent to join its compliance team under the direction of our new Chief Risk Officer, Jane Bean (formally Bluefin).
These are very exciting times for us as we continue to grow and prosper under the new JC Flowers ownership. Our head count has grown by 17% in the past 12 months alone and this is only set to continue in an upward trajectory.
Do you already work in compliance? Do you have experience of the general insurance sector? We could create a tailor-made role, especially for you.
Perhaps you are not necessarily in the market for a new role, but curious to see how working for a new employer could enhance your life and career? We want to hear from you!
As a leading employer of choice, take a look at what UK General Insurance has to offer here:
If you have experience in compliance, regulatory monitoring, risk or other similar roles and would like an informal chat about opportunities with UK General – then please contact our Recruitment Manager Sarah Wood, in confidence, for an informal discussion.My grandmother had made this years ago, but I didn't have a recipe. I remember it from when I was really young, probably under 6 years old. My grandparents had a vast farm in northeastern Montana and I would usually spend a couple of weeks at the farm with them. Grandma did not cook anything fancy and Grandpa was more of a meat and potatoes kind of guy. They lived a good and simple life with good and simple food, including desserts. Strawberry cake is one of those good and simple desserts!
Grandma passed away 3 years ago and I don't know who ended up with her cookbooks. I'm thinking my uncle has them. I should check on that. So, I searched and found this Martha Stewart recipe. It wasn't exactly the same, so I played with it a couple of times and found that the difference was that Grandma used lemon extract instead of vanilla. I could remember that fresh citrusy flavor. Also, she would use raw sugar (turbinado sugar) sprinkled on top. Grandma would swipe the little brown packets at the diner in town and save them for the strawberry cake. One other thing...Martha made this round. Nope, it was square in Grandma's kitchen because pies are round and everything else is square. Isn't it odd what we remember?
Enough of this stroll down memory lane! Let's get onto a great summertime desert!
Here's a peek at the finished product.
It's a light cake that bakes around those beautiful strawberries, like the strawberries are being hugged. So, let's start with the strawberries!
I purchased a 1 pound container of them which I cleaned and hulled. Then, cut about 1/2 of them in half (to be used in the cake). The rest I sliced up to use on top. There was seriously some beautiful strawberry redness in that bowl. A bowl that was my Grandmas from the above story. That made me happy.
Very happy.
First thing that I do is sift the flour, salt and baking powder together into a large bowl, then set that aside. In you stand mixer (or with a hand mixer), cream your butter and sugar together. Add the milk, lemon extract and egg. Turn off the mixer and pour in about half of the flour mixter. Mix on low for just a minute. Add the rest of the flour and mix for another minute or so. You want the batter completely moist and that's about it...don't over mix it!
Pour your cake batter into a 9x9 prepared baking dish. Take your strawberries that are cut in half (not the slices) and place them on top...then push them down a bit (you know, so the get hugged by the batter).
Bake in a pre-heated 350 degree oven for 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to 325 and back for another 35-40 minutes. A toothpick inserted in the center should come out clean and the top should be firm and golden brown.
Remove this tasty treat and let it cool completely.
Slice and serve with your extra strawberries (unless you ate those while this was baking, not that I've done that) and a dollop of whipped cream or a scoop of vanilla ice cream.
I've also made this with blueberries which is equally delicious! I haven't tried raspberries or blackberries (I would think they'd get too mushy).
Enjoy! Please let me know if you make a different variety of this yummy cake!
IngredientsClick here for Printable Version
- 6 Tablespoons of unsalted butter (softened)
- 1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 1/2 teaspoons baking powder
- 1/2 teaspoon salt
- 1 cup granulated sugar
- 1 large egg
- 1/2 cup milk
- 1 teaspoon lemon extract (don't use fresh squeezed lemons...too watery!)
- 2 Tablespoons Raw or Turbinado sugar
- 1/2 pound strawberries, hulled and halved
- 1/2 pound strawberries, hulled and sliced for garnish
Directions
- Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Butter a 9-inch square baking dish. (I use the wrapper from the butter to do this.)
- Sift flour, baking powder, and salt together into a medium bowl. Set aside.
- Put butter and 1 cup sugar in mixing bowl. Mix on medium speed about 3 minutes. Reduce speed to low; mix in egg, milk, and vanilla. Mix for about 2 minutes until completely blended.
- Reduce speed to low; gradually mix in flour mixture. Transfer batter to buttered baking dish.
- Evenly arrange strawberries on top of batter.
- Sprinkle 2 tablespoons of raw sugar (turbinado sugar) over berries.
- Bake cake at 350 degrees for 10 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 325 degrees and bake approximately 35-40 minutes, until cake is golden brown and firm. (Toothpick inserted will come out clean...don't insert in a berry, though!) Let cake cool in the pan. Cut into slices and serve with sliced strawberries, whipped cream or ice cream. Or, eat it all by itself!
Notes
Cake can be stored at room temperature, covered, for up to two days. You can also store it in the refrigerator for up to five days. Can be warmed in the microwave for about 15 seconds if you'd like it heated up.A tiny stylish monochrome one bedroom apartment in Stockholm (43 sq.m)
White, wood and marble – these three simple components are the major thing, which built the interior of this compact one-bedroom apartment in Stockholm. Here you will find the most rigorous and simple lines on the surface. There are almost no patterns or prints, but the space is not boring .. it’s rather peaceful.Our cells are dividing and are being replaced every second of every day. If a cell is damaged or becomes too old, the DNA is replicated and a new daughter cell is produced. By that logic, we should carry on living until a disease is caught, or something causes vital organs to stop working, right? So, why don’t we live forever?
What is a Genetic Mutation?
To begin to answer this question, we must understand what a genetic mutation is. Imagine you are asked to copy an article word for word, letter for letter – a mistake in the copying process, is the equivalent of a mutation in one’s genetic information. Before our cells die, a process called mitosis occurs which is the fancy word for cell division. It results in 2 daughter cells with the exact same DNA as the original.
There are special proteins in the nucleus which copy the DNA very well and efficiently; and once a copy has been made, there is another protein that runs through the copied code and checks no mistakes have been made. The cell copies DNA incredibly well with very minimal mistakes; but we must consider how often this process occurs, which is all the time. Since this is the case, a mistake is bound to happen at some point.
Imagine you are copying an article, then you copy the article you just copied, then copy the article that you copied from the article you copied at the start – and repeat – and again… eventually you are most likely going to make a mistake, then you will be copying that mistake, and you will eventually make a mistake again and copy that mistake over and over. This is what happens as we age; mistakes become abundant in our DNA and eventually one of these mutations cause cancer in a lot of cases.
What are Telomeres?
Cancer is not the only reason we cannot live forever. Telomeres are the tips of each chromosome as shown in the picture below. With each cell division, these telomeres become shorter and shorter – when they run out, the cell dies. Theories also suggest this is why we age.
Stem cell availability?
Stem cell availability also decreases as one ages. Stem cells are non-specialized cells that have the ability to specialize, in order to replace damaged cells in your body. Stem cells also undergo mitosis as they cannot live forever; this means mutations can also occur in them too. As a result, these cells burn out and healthy stem cells become lesser available as one ages.
The human body is an incredible piece of art but as with anything, it has its limitations. We all have one thing in common. Unfortunately that is that we are all going to experience death at some do clouds stay in the sky?
How do Fidget Spinners spin for so long?
Relevant articles:
What is Cancer? How does it kill?DOOM: War Games
Names
DOOM: War Games
Filenames
dmwarg.wad
Size
62.49 KB
MD5
08987b6510f9eb4cdcc892f7afdb9e18
SHA-1
d04df7467652fbe6b1d2806f278021e5dcdf124a
WAD Type
PWAD
IWAD
UNKNOWN
Engine
UNKNOWN
Lumps
11
Maps
1
MAP01
Read Me
DOOM: War Games ======================================= Title: DOOM: War Games Filename: dmwarg.wad Author: Emil Eisenhardt E-Mail Address: Compuserve - 72610,2100 Description: During your intergalactic surveillance for UAC, you stumble upon an abandoned alien facility which has been taken over by the various inhabitants. In order to free themselves from the constant boredom of isolation, they have learned to genetically enhance and clone themselves, and now they conduct special games in which teams of monsters fight to the death in a large arena. This is where you come in. You have full access to the facility (of course), and must put an end to the carnage. You can play this as a regular level, or you can conduct your OWN matches between the monster teams. There are four teams: The Incredible Imps (AKA: the Incredible Pantsless Wonders), the Sadistic Sergeants, the Tormenting Troopers, and the Demons of Destruction. You can release them at your own will by pressing the four switches (each switch releases one team to the playing field) which you can find in the control room. It is best to "instigate" by using the teleports in the control room which lead to the playing field, and then teleport back to watch the chaos unfold beneath your eyes. This is all you need to know in order to conduct your own mini-brawls. You should also notice the various facilities at your fingertips: the Four-Star Cafeteria (complete with some shrimp on the barbie), the deluxe owner's boxes, and the underground cloning chambers. Make sure you try Deathmatch too (if you can); lots of great hiding places and ambush points. Additional Credits: All the people at iD, the almighty and supreme DEU creators, Colin Reed (BSP creator), and all my friends who helped me with their ideas. *Play Information* Episode/Level: E1M1 Single Player: Duh Cooperative: Sure Deathmatch: Yup Difficulty: Not implemented New Sounds: None New Graphics: None New Music: None Demos Replaced: None *Construction* Base: New level from scratch Editors used: DEU 5.1/5.2, BSP 1.1 Known Bugs: NONE! *Copyright/Permission* Authors may use this level as a base to build additional levels. You MAY distribute this WAD, provided you include this file, with no modifications. You may distribute this file in any electronic format (BBS, Diskette, CD, etc) as long as you include this file intact. Last and most important: PLEASE GIVE ME CREDIT! I had to balance my time between schoolwork and making this level (although it was not a hard choice), and I at least deserve some credit for my time. Have fun!!!For the Lord will have compassion on Jacob and will again choose Israel, and will set them in their own land, and sojourners will join them and will attach themselves to the house of Jacob.
Isaiah 14:1
This was a mesage of hope to strengthen the Jewish people as they suffered in exile in Babylon. God promised to restore them to their home. He promised in compassion to make them a nation that the world would look to once again. And that is exactly what occurred.
The Jews were allowed to leave their captivity. Babylon was temporary. Again, they came home to rebuild families, homes, and cities. Again they were given the blessings of the covenant as they followed and worshiped Yahweh. And the interest of the world was again focused upon Israel.
And now in the start of the 21st century, Israel is again a focal point. One of the reasons I believe in God is I cannot explain Israel without Him. The Jews by all practical rights of history should have been wiped out by all the centuries of hatred poured on them. Yet the nation of Israel somehow keeps going strong. Clearly God is keeping something with Israel. I can't deny it.M.A.C. Channels Bubbly, Goes Bright, and Lashes Out with Three New Launches
December 27, 2010 Leave a comment.
Recent CommentsUBC’s Energy and Water Services (EWS) unit is led by a skilled and experienced team of professionals specializing in engineering, operations, business administration and finance.
Managing Director, Energy and Water Services
David Woodson is the Managing Director of Energy and Water Services (EWS) at UBC, Canada’s second largest university, which ranks amongst the top 35 research universities in the world.
As part of this role, David oversees the management of UBC’s $50 million annual budget for the operations and maintenance of over $420 million of utility infrastructure including: high-voltage electricity, district energy (steam and hot water), natural gas and water systems. David is leading the transformation of the University’s utility infrastructure on the 1,000 acre campus, in association with the Campus as a Living Lab initiative and the alternative energy sources project, to achieve UBC’s aggressive greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction targets. At the heart of the unit’s activities are new, collaborative relationships between administrative units, academic departments, governments, communities, and private industry partners.
Prior to taking on this new role, David held several leadership positions within UBC Building Operations, Utilities, and Plant Operations over the past 17 years. His responsibilities ranged from managing capital renewal and deferred maintenance to resource planning and work control. He began his career as a Building Systems Engineer with the City of Surrey in 1993.
David has a Master of Business Administration from UBC and a Bachelor of Science in Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering from the University of Washington. David is a Professional Engineer in B.C. (mechanical), Facilities Management Administrator (FMA), and a Certified Educational Facilities Professional (CEFP).
Director, Energy Planning and Innovation
Orion Henderson is Director, Energy Planning and Innovation (EPI) with UBC’s EWS unit. The EPI group is responsible for energy infrastructure planning, campus energy and water performance and building automation systems. Orion provides strategic leadership to the Energy Conservation, Building Management System (BMS) and Heating, Ventilation and Air Conditioning (HVAC) Operations teams.
In this role, Orion leads a high-performance team of engineers and technical specialists who plan, design, implement, operate and optimize the campus’s energy systems. Through professional diligence, collaboration and innovative practices, Orion’s team’s mission is to achieve the University’s sustainable energy and water goals.
Orion is a Professional Engineer in British Columbia. He received his Bachelor of Engineering in Chemical Engineering from CIT, Ireland, and his Master of Science in Environmental Technology from Imperial College, England.
Director, Engineering and Utilities
Paul is the Director, Engineering and Utilities for UBC’s EWS unit. The Engineering and Utilities group delivers utility services to all UBC academic buildings, student housing, athletics buildings, the UBC hospital, commercial tenants and residential communities across the Vancouver campus. Paul provides strategic direction to the unit team and manages UBC’s commodities, operations and maintenance budgets for the delivery of high-voltage electricity, district energy (steam and hot water), natural gas and water system services (potable, sanitary and storm).
With hundreds of miles of utility infrastructure on UBC’s 1,000 acre campus, Paul leads a team of professional engineers and technologists to plan and implement cyclical maintenance and renewal programs for existing utility infrastructure. The team also looks after the planning and construction of new utility infrastructure, to meet UBC’s growth and expansion needs. Paul also manages an operational group comprised of Chief Engineers and Power Engineers to operate and maintain the University’s steam plant, the Campus Energy Centre (CEC) currently under construction, and the Bioenergy Research Demonstration Facility (BRDF).
Prior to immigrating to Canada, Paul was the Senior Electrical and Mechanical Engineer at a large cogeneration power station in the south of England with RWENpower, a major European utility. Paul is a Professional Engineer (P.Eng.) in BC and a Chartered Engineer (CEng) in the UK.
Portfolio Finance Director
Ray McNichol is the Portfolio Finance Director for UBC’s EWS unit. Ray works closely with the unit’s leadership team on planning, operations, and project initiatives.
During his 14 years at UBC, Ray has held leadership roles in financial reporting and the financial services portfolio, which includes payroll, accounts payable, banking, and research and trust accounting. Ray currently leads the University’s Finance Support Program—a special cross-functional project to assist finance units across the University with their organizational structure, financial practices and training. In addition to his work with EWS, Ray also serves as financial portfolio lead for the Vice President portfolios of Human Resources, Finance, and Research and Operations at UBC.
Ray holds a Bachelor of Administration (BAdmin) degree from the University of Regina. His BAdmin provided the basis for his successful completion of the Chartered Accountant (CA) and Certified Management Accountant (CMA) designations—both of which are now represented in Canada by the unified Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation.The hacking of state and local election databases in 2016 was more extensive than previously reported, including at least one successful attempt to alter voter information, and the theft of thousands of voter records that contain private information like partial Social Security numbers, current and former officials tell TIME. via
In one case, investigators found there had been a manipulation of voter data in a county database but the alterations were discovered and rectified, two sources familiar with the matter tell TIME. Investigators have not identified whether the hackers in that case were Russian agents.
The fact that private data was stolen from states is separately providing investigators a previously unreported line of inquiry in the probes into Russian attempts to influence the election. In Illinois, more than 90% of the nearly 90,000 records stolen by Russian state actors contained drivers license numbers, and a quarter contained the last four digits of voters’ Social Security numbers, according to Ken Menzel, the General Counsel of the State Board of Elections..”.
Both intelligence committees are looking at whether and how the intrusions could have furthered Russia’s larger strategic goals of undermining U.S. democracy, hurting Hillary Clinton and helping Donald Trump. During the run up to the vote, Obama Administration cyber-security officials took steps to prepare for widespread voter registration manipulation, fearing Russia might seek to cause chaos at polling places to undermine the credibility of the election. Current and former law enforcement and intelligence officials say Russia could also have tried to use stolen voter data to gain leverage over witting or unwitting accomplices in the Trump camp, by involving them in a broader conspiracy.
The House and Senate Intelligence committees held hearings on June 22 to highlight the ongoing vulnerability of the U.S. election systems. “I’m deeply concerned,” said North Carolina Republican Senator Richard Burr who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, that “we could be here in two or four years talking about a much worse crisis.”
Cyber-security officials testifying at the Senate hearing acknowledged for the first time the extent of the Russian effort to interfere with the election. Twenty-one states saw such intrusions last year, a senior official from the Department of Homeland Security, Jeanette Manfra, said. None of the intrusions affected the vote count itself, all the officials testified.
That has not reassured some Hill leaders. “There’s no evidence they were able to affect the counting within the machines,” says the top Democrat on the House Intelligence committee, Congressman Adam Schiff of California. But, he added, “the effect on the election is quite a different matter.”
The Russian efforts against state and local databases were so widespread that top Obama administration cyber-security officials assumed that by Election Day Moscow’s agents had probed all 50 states. “At first it was one state, then three, then five, then a dozen,” says Anthony Ferrante, a former FBI cybersecurity official and member of the White House team charged with preparedness and response to the cyber intrusion. At that point, says Michael Daniel, who led the White House effort to secure the vote against the Russian intrusions, “We had to assume that they actually tried to at least rattle the doorknobs on all 50, and we just happened to find them in a few of them.”
Many hackers, including state-sponsored ones, use automated programs to target hundreds or even thousands of computers to check for vulnerabilities. But confirming intrusions is hard. As far as officials have been able to determine, the number of actual successful intrusions, where Russian agents gained sufficient access to attempt to alter, delete or download any information, was “less than a dozen,” current and former officials say. But that wasn’t the only worry.
“In addition to the threat to the vote we were also very concerned about the public confidence in the integrity of the electoral system,” says Ferrante.
Special Counsel Robert Mueller is investigating whether any laws were broken in relation to the Russian attack. The Congressional intelligence probes also seek to determine the nature and scope of the Russian espionage operation in order to protect future elections.
“The integrity of the entire system is in question,” says Bahar, “So you need the system to push back and find out what happened and why, so it never happens again.”Çintemani Restaurant at The Ritz-Carlton Istanbul offers guests striking views of Istanbul and stylish comfort in their elegant dining room.
The dining room at Çintemani Restaurant features a wall of windows, Murano crystal chandeliers, multi-colored silk pillows line a lemon banquette that runs the length of the room, the chairs are upholstered in the same lemon fabric, Turkish paintings grace the walls, the tables are draped with white on white crisp linens, and accessorized with white freesias in white vases, cobalt glasses, cobalt bread plates and cobalt oil lamps illuminate the room. Strains of classical violin music drift into the restaurant to create a romantic ambience.
From our table by the window, we were enchanted with the spectacular view of Istanbul and the Dolmabahçe Mosque. Although it was 3 days after the full moon, the moon was still large and bright over the Bosphorus, which divides Istanbul into 2 continents, Europe and Asia, and the lights of the residences on the Asian continent sparkled like diamonds on the sea.
We began our evening with a glass of champagne from Vincente de Castellane, Brut, France as we perused our creative menus, and nibbled on a selection of miniature rolls served in a silver crescent moon and accompanied with a bowl of mixed spices of cumin, garlic, salt and other spices and olive oil to dip our rolls in. When internationally renowned chef Fabrice Canelle joined The Ritz-Carlton Istanbul as the Executive Chef on January 2, 2006, he decided to have some fun and create two menus, one for the men and one for the women. His reasoning behind his Gentleman's Menu and his Lady's Menu is that men and women eat differently, and that the menus would also provide great dinner conversation, giving new meaning to the "I'll show you mine, if you'll show me yours."
When Edward F. Nesta and I had dinner at Çintemani Restaurant in March 2006, I noticed that in addition to the very different menu selections, the menus had nice visual clues as well, with a carrot indicating a Vegetarian selection and a Turkish flag indicating traditional Turkish cuisine. Looking at my Lady's Menu, I found more carrots on my menu than on the Gentleman's Menu, which featured more Turkish selections.
In keeping with his Lady's and Gentleman's Menus, Chef Fabrice sent us different amuse bouches, shrimp in a spicy sauce on a skewer in a shot glass for Edward, and zucchini, red pepper and eggplant on a skewer in a shot glass for me.
Edward continued with Raki Cured Salmon "Gravlax" with Aquavit Cucumber, Corn Dill Pancake and Mustard Dill Sauce that was enticingly presented as rolled gravlax on a bed of cucumber and accompanied with a shot glass of melon juice. I selected the Grilled Shrimps on "Tartine" Pumpkin Confit, Ginger and Green Apple Reduction, which were three large prawns presented on sliced pumpkin with ginger on toast accompanied with a shot glass of julienned green apple.
Although Çintemani Restaurant has a large selection of international wines by the bottle as well as by the glass, we enjoy experiencing regional wines when we are visiting a country, and with this in mind, Edward selected a 2002 Doluca Kav, Boğazkere-Öküzgözü, Southeast Anatolia, Turkey, that proved to be a full-bodied wine made with Boğazkere and Öküzgözü grapes, to pair with a Beef Red Curry with Coconut Cream, Cardamom Basmati Rice and Lemon Grass.
I selected the Pistachio and Green Vegetable Risotto with Mizuna Leaves presented in a deep bowl which was a creamy balance of flavor with a feathery layer of mizuna leaves, that I paired with a 2004 Sarafin, Sauvignon Blanc, Gallioli Peninsula, Turkey, which was a young, aromatic, crisp white wine with floral and fruity notes.
Since we were very naughty and had eaten dessert at The Ritz-Carlton Club ® before going to dinner at Çintemani Restaurant, we sensibly decided to resist having another dessert.
Yavuz Koc and Uzeyri Aydin
We returned to the restaurant several nights later, and we were surprised to see the Hostess wearing a cowboy hat and jeans, and that the tables were draped with red and white checked tablecloths. Our waiter, Uzeyir, assured us that we were indeed in the same restaurant, but that it was Steak Night. Once again, Chef Fabrice was trying something different, and from the numbers of diners in the restaurant, it appeared to be quite a popular concept.
This time Chef Fabrice sent Edward an amuse bouche of shrimp in tomato sauce in a shot glass and marinated vegetables on a skewer with pesto sauce for me, to accompany our glass of champagne from Vincente de Castellane, Brut, France.
Edward continued with a starter of Nigiri and California Rolls with Soy Sauce, Ginger, and Wasabi, which had 2 pieces of tuna, 2 shrimp, 2 salmon and 2 California rolls enticingly presented on a black lacquer tray. I savored the Crispy Shitake Mushrooms and Mixed Vegetable Shrimp Rolls with Sweet Chili Sauce, which were 3 delicately crispy spring rolls on a bed of crispy cellophane noodles, accompanied with shrimp chips, a small bowl of cilantro leaves and a bowl of sweet and sour sauce presented in a square box set on a rattan mat.
For his main course, Edward selected the Mijote of Beef Cheeks in Burgundy Wine and Marjoram served in "Le Creuset" with Buttered Horseradish Whipped Potatoes, a delectable combination that was served tableside. I selected the Pan-fried Turbot Fillet with Semolina Disk and Turkish Style Vierge Sauce. Please read Chefs' Recipes where Chef Fabrice graciously shares his recipes for the Mijote of Beef Cheeks in Burgundy Wine and Marjoram and the Pan-fried Turbot Fillet with Semolina Disk and Turkish Style Vierge Sauce.
Turkey is famous for its coffee, so for our dessert, we selected the Tiramisu with Coffee Jelly and Coffee Ice Cream presented in a brandy snifter, garnished with a ribbon of bitter chocolate and a white chocolate triangle, and was accompanied with 2 thin almond crescent shaped biscotti and topped with 2 round cookies.
Chef Fabrice sent us a chocolate ‘sandwich' of dark chocolate ganache between layers of 2 thin squares of chocolate presented on a fork for Edward, and a rose macaroon presented on a red rose petal on a spoon for me, which was an absolutely delightful way to end our last evening at the restaurant, as I love the use of rose in food.
Please read our articles on The Ritz-Carlton Istanbul in the Destinations, Hotels and Resorts, Chefs' Recipes, Spas, and Liquor Cabinet sections.
Çintemani Restaurant
The Ritz-Carlton Istanbul
Suzer Plaza, Elmadag Askerocagi Cad. No 15
Sisli 34367 Istanbul -Turkey
Telephone + 90 212 334 44 44
Read other articles on Turkey in the Destinations, Hotels and Resorts, Spas, Restaurants, Chefs' Recipes,Filter Results:
- Full text PDF available (2)
Publication Year
2006
2016
- This year (0)
- Last 5 years (4)
- Last 10 years (4)
Publication Type
Co-author
Journals and Conferences
Learn More
- Shahzad A Khan, Deling Zhang, Yemin Zhang, Mingxin Li, Changhua Wang
- Molecular and cellular endocrinology
- 2016… (More)
- Shahzad A Khan, Chang Hua Wang
- Molecular medicine reports
- 2014
Adipose tissue (AT) has numerous important functions within the body. Of particular importance is its role as an endocrine organ in the control of whole‑body glucose and lipid metabolism, which is achieved by the secretion of various proteins. Among these proteins are adipokines, such as adiponectin, leptin, resistin, interleukin‑6 and tumor necrosis… (More)
From the last few years, the inclusion of microbial phytase in poultry diets has increased significantly, mainly in response to heightened concerns over phosphorus pollution of the environment as cheaper means to make phosphorus available to birds from phytate. Phytate is the major form of phosphorus, abundantly found in cereal grains, beans and oilseed… (More)
- Shan Zhu, Feng Yao, +6 authors Sheng-rong Sun
- Asian Pacific journal of cancer prevention…
- 2013
Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) has contributed to advanced breast cancer development over the past decades. However, the mechanism underlying this contribution is poorly understood. In this study, we determined that high glucose enhanced proteasome activity was accompanied by enhanced proliferation, migration and invasion, as well as suppressed apoptosis,… (More)
- Shahzad A Khan, Krishna Mettu, Faisal Raja
- Missouri medicine
- 2006
Restless leg syndrome (RLS) is a common neurological disorder which can be accompanied with PLMS and can result in sleep disturbance. Greater understanding of pathophysiology of RLS in recent years has led to increased treatment options for this condition. A comprehensive clinical evaluation and appropriate management using combined nonpharmacologic and… (More)Summer is winding down and it’s time to start planning that perfect fall getaway. If you can afford it, you can spend the cold winter in some of the world’s best new beach resorts. From a Malibu holiday with Chef Nobu Matsuhisa to an island retreat in a secret corner of Indonesia, these are the beach holiday destinations to book this season.
Noby Ryokan
Celebrities and oligarchs flock to Nobu Malibu when they want to vacation away from the prying eyes of the press. The 16-room ryokan opened just this spring up the beach from the wildly popular restaurant, and is modeled after Japanese inns. It has a boho Southern California vibe with rooms nearly on top of the Pacific Ocean, a courtyard filled with native plants, and friendly staff to welcome guests with green tea.
Cempedak Island
It’s been 10 years since the opening of Indonesia’s celebrated Nikoi Island eco-resort. Now, Andrew and Julia Dixon have unveiled their sophomore property, Cempedak Island. It sits within the same Riau archipelago and features 20 thatch-roofed villas arranged over 42 acres and surrounded by tropical foliage. The accommodations are immersive with design that blends with the surrounding nature. Constructed of sustainable bamboo and native alang-alang grass – they are completely open to the elements. Organic linens, private saltwater swimming pools, and sprawling terraces that spill out onto a white-sand beach complete the idyllic experience.
Loren at Pink Beach
Opened in April, Loren at Pink Beach resort is Bermuda’s first all-new hotel in decades. It is a fresh move from the island’s trademark colonial style towards a sleek and elegant ambience with floor-to-ceiling windows, contemporary furnishings, and muted nuances. A total of 45 rooms and suites (all with breezy verandas) are modern and filled with light. The cuisine is modern and eclectic, delivering farm-to-table goodness with dishes like beet ravioli with goat-cheese bonbons. Just outside is a Bermudan trademark that never goes out of style: the Loren’s picturesque stretch of pastel-pink sand lined with tranquil water.Katarina General Guide by Persion Katarina, the Sinister Blade. Katarina is an AP Carry who outstands in teamfights. Katarina can clear out minion waves on a short time period. Katarina is a strong and versatile ganker who can easily get to her target and get away from her target.
Although you can easily jump into teamfights and get loads of kills, Katarina isn't a tank. She can't 1v5 the whole enemy team on a normal score. Katarina can only be very effective when she gets kills early game. Katarina is a melee champ, which makes it a bit harder for her to get easy minion kills early game.
This is my first guide I've ever made.
Pros / Cons
Pros:
+ Fast minion wave clearer
+ Very strong late game
+ No mana
+ Great teamfighter
+ Highly rewarding
Cons:
- Needs kills to be effective
- Isn't a tank, can't jump in 1v5 like she's Malphite
- Melee mage
- Gets focused a lot
Runes
In my opinion, pretty standard AP Carry runes. The AP gives some nice damage, while Magic Resist helps you in mid almost always to survive easily and the Magic Penetration makes sure people who build Magic Resist won't take too much less damage from you.
Masteries
Pretty standard AP Carry masteries.
Ability Power, Cooldown Reduction and Magic Penetration in Offense.
Health Regen, Health and Magic Resist in Defense.
Nothing in Utility, since Katarina doesn't need this tree. She doesn't have any mana and isn't a support either.
Items
Probably everyone thought at the beginning of this build while they were looking at the items: Where is the Hextech Revolver?
Well, Katarina doesn't need it. In my opinion, the Deathfire Grasp is a lot better early game on Katarina. She will deal tons of damage when you are doing Death Lotus and you use your active on Deathfire Grasp.
Other items are pretty obvious in my opinion. The Abyssical Scepter and the Zhonya's Hourglass make it easier for you to survive teamfights, since you get focused a lot as Katarina. The Liandry's Torment is great for the end game, since you will deal too much damage for the enemy team to even react to it, and best of all, when you get a kill or assist, you can just Shunpo to the next target and so on!
I don't start with Doran's Ring, because Katarina can get some crazy damage on her early game. This is why she needs to have Health Pots in the beginning.
Skill Sequence
Q: Bouncing Blades
W: Sinister Steel
E: Shunpo
R: Death Lotus
R > Q > W > E
To jump into fights: Q -> E -> W -> R
And then continue this order the whole game.
Farming
Try to get Creep Score by doing this order:
Q -> W
If you really want to farm a little bit more without auto-attacking, use Shunpo, but be sure you won't be ganked or you'll probably be dead.
Tips
You should get some wards in your inventory to:
- Put in your lane to Shunpo away from possible ganks
- Get over obstacles by putting the ward over the wall and Shunpo towards it
Get your teammates to be near to you over a wall when you are running away, since you could just Shunpo over the wall to get away from fights, and maybe bait some people to flash as well and melt their face down.
You must be logged in to comment. Please login or register.Foreclosure Articles
Everybody’s heard blind date horror stories. But there are just as many cautionary tales about roommate hunting from renters who learned hard lessons about cohabitation with someone they thought they could trust. All the more reason, say the experts, why it’s crucial to search...Posted On: 01/04/2017
7 Smart Things to Do When Packing for a Move
You signed the official papers – you’ve got a new home! But your excitement is tempered by the fact that before you can move in, you’ve got to pack up your current place. To make the job easier and reduce the risk of losing or breaking anything, we’ve compiled seven tips...Posted On: 12/28/2016
Smarter...Posted On: 12/21/2016
First...Posted On: 12/14/2016
Down Payments on the Rise
In a positive signs for the market, the residential real estate market continues to heat up, and the average down payment is growing. The percentage of first-time homebuyers is also on the rise, according to a new report from online loan marketplace LendingTree.com. The average down payment...Posted On: 12/07/2016
6 Shocking Facts Facing First-Time Home Buyers
For anyone planning to plunge into the world of home buying, there are a few truths you’ve probably heard about: Spend as much as you can on a down payment to lower your monthly mortgage payment and carefully compare mortgage rates. But there are some things essential to the process that...Posted On: 11/30/2016
Buyers Keep Options Open, Consider Renting Instead
Most people that have moved recently considered both renting and buying when they were looking for a new place to live, according to the 2016 Zillow Group Report on Consumer Housing Trends. The report surveyed more than 13,000 renters, homeowners, buyers and sellers. Respondents were asked...Posted On: 11/23/2016
Trends for 2017
The Urban Land Institute and professional services firm PricewaterhouseCoopers have released their 2017 study Emerging Trends in Real Estate. The study takes a look at upcoming trends in the U.S. real estate market and is the result of interviews with more than 500 developers, lenders,...Posted On: 11/16/2016
More Women and First-Timers Buying Homes...Posted On: 11/09/2016
Young Buyers Like A New, Improved Version Of Home
Who’s going to be buying the millions of homes Baby Boomers raised their families in? The kids who grew up in those homes – millennials. According to the National Association of Realtors 2016 study on generational housing trends, millennials account for slightly more than...Posted On: 11/02/2016
Download our Illinois Foreclosure Widget
Click the link below, and download our foreclosure widget. Let your users search for current foreclosure listings in there area. Simply place the HTML code on your site, it's that easy.
View an Example - Download NowHeaddress
Showing all 4 results
Berets “Charlotte”Read more
Cap with ties -chepchykRead more
Surgical cap MenRead more
Helmet medicalRead more
Interesting proposal
Set of clothing and coatings for operating laparotomy, sterile, disposable, 35 + 65 g / m2Read more
Waterproof sheet for transuretralnoy resection cut 5 cm in diameter, the size 160×210 cmRead more
The set of surgical garments №1 / 5 for UrologyRead more
Sheets operations on thyroid gland size 160×250 cm, with diamond-shaped cut-out size 12×12 cmRead more
Waterproof cover equipment, with elastic at the ends, number 3, length 200, diameter 7.5Read more
Cover the table Mayo size 140×80 cmRead more
Sheets surgical, size 80×80 cmRead more
Surgical napkin (cover) №2, size 60×80 cmRead more
Set of sheets for laparotomyRead more
Sheets surgical size 160x240cmRead more
The set of surgical coveringsRead more
Sheets for arthroscopy extremities (knee, hand, forearm), size cm 160×240Read moreBy Kizito Sikuka
With clear agricultural policies such as access to inputs including seeds and fertiliser, as well as credit facilities and extension services, smallholder farmers have the capacity to increase production, as has been the case in China.
Agriculture has been identified by Africa as a priority development area in the China-Africa strategic partnership.
The agricultural sector is regarded as an engine for socio-economic development in most African countries.
According to the African Union (AU), agriculture accounts for about one-third of the continent's Gross Domestic Product (GDP), and more than two-thirds of its citizens rely directly on the sector for their livelihood.
Cognisant of the important role of agriculture in the development agenda, Africa is redoubling its efforts to invest more in the sector and boost production.
However, the task of transforming agriculture is generally not an easy one. Similar to the struggle for independence, the agricultural drive also requires much more efforts from within Africa as well as outside, particularly from those that have successfully transformed their agricultural sector.
One country that has managed to record impressive progress in the agricultural sector is China. Other notable countries in this regard include Argentine, Brazil, India and Tanzania.
From struggling to feed its growing population, China now ranks among the leaders in worldwide farm output, although accounting for less than 10 percent of arable land worldwide.
On the other hand, Africa continues to experience some challenges in improving its agricultural sector, yet the continent is endowed with fertile soils, a favourable climate and affluent water basin.
So what are the lessons and opportunities for development between China and Africa as the latter has clearly demonstrated to the rest of the world that socio-economic development is possible through agricultural development.
One opportunity lies in knowledge and technology transfer and sharing, which is explicitly outlined in the Forum on China-Africa Co-operation (Focac) launched in 2000 and in each three-year plan ever since, where the two sides have agreed to work together in boosting agricultural production in Africa and ensuring food security for its citizens.
For example, China pledged to train agricultural technicians and management personnel as well as build agricultural technology demonstration centres in Africa, and had done so in many countries.
This commitment is based on the fact that China has achieved an impressive agricultural growth from investment in agriculture research including the development of high-yielding, well-adapted lowland seed varieties, as well as appropriate fertiliser application, and farming machinery to boost production.
In this regard, Africa should upscale the use of research in agriculture and not rely on cultivating more land and mobilising a larger labour force to increase production.
So far, at least 15 agricultural technology demonstration centres built by China are operational in African countries, in Benin, Cameroon, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Liberia, Madagascar, Malawi, Mozambique, United Republic of Tanzania, Togo, Sudan, Uganda, Rwanda, Zambia and Zimbabwe. Five more centres are expected to be built in countries such as Mali.
The agricultural technology demonstration centre in Zimbabwe has trained more than 3 000 farmers since it started operations in 2012.
Another important area for China-Africa co-operation in the agricultural sector is infrastructure development, particularly irrigation, transport network and storage facilities.
Noting that the country had limited land for agriculture, China embarked on a massive drive to ensure that it maximises the little land it had for greater output by embracing the use of irrigation.
This is in contrast with Africa where less than 10 percent of the arable land is under irrigation yet the continent is home to more than half of the world's arable land.
As a result of the irrigation drive, China is able to conduct its farming activities all year around. It will be critical for Africa to also embrace and heavily invest in irrigation development, and not heavily rely on climatic conditions, because lower precipitation would mean lower yield.
Africa has the capacity to increase its irrigation uptake as the continent is hugely endowed with watercourses such as the seven major river systems of Congo, Limpopo, Niger, Nile, Orange, Senegal and Zambezi.
Investment in road and rail upgrades will ensure that agricultural produce moves smoothly from one place to another, while establishment of more storage facilities will allow farmers to store their harvest for use in poor seasons.
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation post-harvest crop losses are estimated to be as high as 40 percent in Africa, so storage is a challenge to be resolved.
In addition to infrastructure development, agricultural co-operation between China and Africa should target smallholder farmers, who are the majority.
With clear agricultural policies such as access to inputs including seeds and fertiliser, as well as credit facilities and extension services, smallholder farmers have the capacity to increase production, as has been the case in China.
Access to extension services is also critical for planning purposes, especially when farmers want to diversify into new crops or livestock.
Another important lesson from Chinese agricultural development is that China was aware that agricultural policy implementations come at a cost.
Therefore, they were patient with their policies noting that agricultural development should first be aimed at achieving food security before achieving socio-economic development.
As a result, agricultural development was an incremental learning process, meaning that any policy was first implemented on a smaller scale, and only when it was successful was it then replicated in other areas as opposed to implementing unproven methods on a larger scale.
Furthermore, significant agricultural reforms in China were deeply rooted in fully implementing all agreed policies, and the task for African countries is to transform its initiatives into actual implementation.
These initiatives include the African Union's Comprehensive Africa Agriculture Development Programme (CAADP), which encourages countries to reach a higher path of economic growth through agriculture-led development by allocating at least 10 percent of their national budgets to the agricultural sector each year.
This article from the Southern African Research and Documentation Centre (SARDC) through its Institute for China-Africa Studies in Southern Africa, is part of a series exploring the dimensions of China Africa relations in advance of the Focac Summit to be held in Johannesburg in early December.Related Links
- how can i apply for gypsum mines in rajasthan
- can a granite crusher work on limestone
- can silver be found in iron ore slag
- can a ball mill be used to pulverize coal
- alternative for crushing can
- cost of can crushing machine
- can i add cement to gypsum
- where can i buy electric ice crusher
- can quartz sand be used with paving stones
- can a cement raymond mill be used for barite
- crusher that can crush 20mm in sa
- can impact crushers crush hard round rock
- can rock be crushed into concrete sand
- can conveyor spesification
- aluminium can process macine
can a concrete crusher crush stone
Concrete Crusher -
-Stone crushing Concrete Crusher Concrete CrusherConcrete crusher We should choose some hard concrete crushing plant to crush them into small
Complete Machinery Co. Limited. Manufacturer of Crushing
Crusher Its crushes a full UK kerbstone in approximately 30 seconds. Material: The Red Rhino Mini Crusher 3000 series will crush concrete, kerbstone, mar
Crusher,Small Stone Crusher Machine,Stone Crushing Machine
The major types of stone crusher machines are other materials that are hard to crush and of asphalt mixing plant and concrete mixing
concrete crusher|Mobile stone crusher used for crushing-
Mobile crusher plant designed by is used for crushing and screening coal, rocks, construction waste and concrete in China, India, Mexico, Columbia,
concrete crushing machinery - Stone Crushers
Stone Crushers Crawler Type Mobile Crusher Plant Wheel Type Cone Crushing Plant Wheel Type Impact Crushing Plant Wheel Type Jaw Crushing Plant
on site concrete crushing - Stone Crushers
Stone Crushers Crawler Type Mobile Crusher Plant Wheel Type Cone Crushing Plant Wheel Type Impact Crushing Plant Wheel Type Jaw Crushing Plant
cost of crushing concrete in uk - Crusher Machine
Current Location > Home > cost of crushing concrete in uk Stone crushing equipment is designed to achieve maximum productivity and high
Concrete crusher can be a crusher that is used to crush
2011712-Concrete crusher can be a crusher that is used to crush concrete like Gypsum crusher is the stone crusher or rock crusher used for crush
|s|Aluminum |Industrial can
, also known as aluminum , industrial and metal , is a new type, energy saving and environmental protective
Stone Crusher,Rock Crusher,Limestone Crusher,Stone Crusher
Stone Crusher is mainly used for crushing large stones, natural stones or rocks with large volume. Usually, the large rocks cannot be used directly,
a concrete crusher crush stone
a concrete crusher crush stone Crushing Equipment Grinding Mill Comeplete Crushing Plant Mobile Crushing PlantConcrete Crusher Hire GAP Services Ltd offer a
Introduction To Gravel Crusher - sunshine20520 -
201116-Gravel crusher is a stone crusher specially used for crushing gravel or sandGravel crusher also can crush concrete, kerbstone, marble, pa
Stone Crusher|Rock Crushing Plant|Rock Crushing Machine -
Stone crusher used in mining industry refers to the crushing machinery whose discharged materials bigger than 3mm account for over 50% of the total
Gangue Crusher - Huabang (China Manufacturer) - Mining
Gangue Crusher - Huabang Products Made In China, China Manufacturer. Brief introduction: SCF series Double Stage Crusher (Gangue Crusher) is a new type
Concrete Crusher, Concrete Crusher Suppliers and
Related Searches for concrete crusher: jaw crusher stone crusher Tags: Complete Production Line Portable Rock Crusher | How A Coal Crusher
Concrete Crushing Machine Cost - Crusher USA
201465-About concrete crushing machine cost-related information:manufacturer and exporter of concrete testing equipment, slump cone, abrasion testi
Concrete Crushing and Concrete Crusher Hire, based in
Concrete crushing specialists and concrete crusher hire, covering the South and South West concrete crushingcontactDo you need crushed concrete for that ov
How Big Can A Rock Crusher Crush Rock from Shanghai Changlei
Sandstone Sand-stone Equipment The fit of basalt mining plant cost in columbia View More Contact Us Email EnquiryHow Big Can A Rock Crusher Crush RockNex
stone crushing line,concrete crushing plant
stone crushing plants turkey concrete batching fabo machinery is a professional mobile concrete batching plant for sale,stone crushing plants,concrete batchin
can a concrete crusher crush stone
NAVIGATION MENU Home Products Solutions Project About ContactHome > can a concrete crusher crush stone Get Price And Support Simply complete
can a concrete crusher crush stone
can a concrete crusher crush stoneconcrete crusher for sale uk - stone crusher machine (concrete crusher for sale uk) stone crushing solutions sales and
Hammer Crusher/concrete Crushing/stone Crusher Price List
2012416-China [CN] crusher Importers and crusher buyers meet at BusyTrade.com Products Selling Leads Buying Leads CompaniesMember Center Post Buy
Stone Crusher - China Jaw Crusher, Crusher Manufacturers/
View reliable Stone Crusher manufacturers on Made-in-China.com. This category presents Jaw Crusher, Crusher, from China Stone Crusher suppliers to global
Mobile Concrete Crushing Plant of stonecrushermachine
20161031-Quality Plastic Crushing Machinery manufacturer provide Mobile Concrete Crushing Plant, stonecrushermachine limited from China. Home > Ma
Stone Breaker / Concrete Crushing Machine - Buy Impact
Stone Breaker / Concrete Crushing Machine , Find Complete Details about Stone Breaker / Concrete Crushing Machine,Impact Crusher,Stone Breaker,Concrete Crushi
XUAN SHI Stone crushing Machine
201228-composition can be differentiated concrete crusher Usually we crush stones into 10mm,stone crushing is a professional [url="/p>
concrete crusher / movable hammer crusher / construction used
2012817-Quality concrete crusher / movable hammer crusher / construction used crusher / stone crushing machine manufacturer, buy high quality Plasti
Stone Crusher, China Stone Crusher Manufacturers & Suppliers
China Stone Crusher products offered by China Stone Crusher manufacturers, find more Stone Crusher suppliers, wholesalers & exporter quickly visit HiSupplier.com
Heavy Industry - Crusher machine,Mobile crusher,Jaw
is the best manufacturer of Stone Crusher Machine,Gravel Crusher,Concrete Crusher and Coal Crusher in China.We get good reputation by client on
portable stone crushing plant for recycled concrete in india
portable stone crushing plant for recycled concrete in india portable concrete crushing plant Crushed Recycled Concrete . portable stone crushing plant forTag Archives: manzanita branches]
Posted in Design, Flowers, Weddings Also tagged blush green wedding, blush white bouquet, branch centerpieces, independence grove florist, Independence Grove Weddings, lantern centerpieces, libertyville wedding florist, naperville wedding florist, pink green wedding, pink white blush wedding, pink white centerpieces, wedding flowers Comments Off on Pink, White & Green Branch Wedding | Independence Grove Wedding | Libertyville Wedding FloristI read a story of a rich father and his son who spent a day on the farm of a poor family. The father asked his son on the things he has learned. The son answered, “I saw that we have one dog, and they have four. We have pool, they have rivers. We have lamps at night, they have stars all around. We buy food, they grow theirs. We have walls to protect us, they have friends. We have encyclopedia, they have a Bible. Thanks Dad for showing how poor we are!”
We tend to forsake the treasure that is worth more than all the riches and fame the world can offer. It’s our relationship with Jesus. If He’s all you have, you have all you need! We are made rich in His presence.
2 Corinthians 8:9
For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though He was rich, yet for your sakes He became poor, that you through His poverty might become rich.
Richly blessed,
Pastor Gary Yalung
Views: 0A Very Important Date
Yet another outfit based on the accessories. This time the Peeptoe Necklace - its gorgeous and I love it! I chose the blues and pinks for the rest of the outfit to add pops of colour without overwhelming the bling.
Featuring (price low to high):
- Multipack Gem Cocktail Rings by ASOS - $19.97 (only one shown)
- Blue Split Side Panel Dress by River Island - $60.00 (approx.)
- Ted Baker Benet Patent Clutch Bag from ASOS - $98.21
- Danielle Double Breasted Coat by Forever New - $99.00
- Rose Jewel And Chain Necklace by PeepToe - $119.00
- Miss Amazon Pumps by PeepToe - $249.00Chrysanthemum Pin
Chrysanthemum Pin
10.00
- Hard Enamel Pin
- Silver Plating
- Double Butterfly Closure
- 1.75×1.5″
- Comes individually wrapped and on backer card for protection
In the language of flowers the chrysanthemum means many things, but the Victorian meaning for violent chrysanthemums is to wish wellness. It also means loyalty and devotion.
Quantity:On 31 January, Trump will mouth a State of the Union speech. Expect — if he doesn’t go off script too much — that much of the traditional media (The Village) will gush about how he stayed on message, that maybe this is a new Trump, that … Bluntly, it is revolting to consider that a man […]
Entries from January 2018
How will you handle Trump’s #SOTU? Here is a #climate leaders’ approach
January 16th, 2018 · No Comments
See, hear, say no evil: #Climate #science disappearing from USG websites
January 11th, 2018 · 5 Comments
Within […]
Global Warming is a hoax: I froze on the soccer field in record cold temperatures
January 8th, 2018 · No Comments
Referee […]
Climate Change & Security: 2018 Iranian edition
January 3rd, 2018 · 3 Comments
Ir […]
Romping through RCPs: powerful CliFi from Tobias Buckell
January 2nd, 2018 · 1 Comment
Tob […]
Tags: climate change · climate disruption · Global Warming
3 comments:
Congrats!!! That's awesome!!!
CONGRATULATIONS!!! That is sooo exciting. Praise God!
Also, just read the last post--the pictures of Drake are so adorable. He is just handsome!! I know Matt gets really irritated that people don't watch their children around Lilly and Reid--kids don't automatically know to be safer around babies parents!! Haha.
Oh, and we just put an offer in (and it was accepted) on a house in Fayetteville. We will be Benton this weekend. We will have to get together either this time or when we come in March!!
Congratulations! Where are y'all moving to?April 16, 2009, 5:30 - 8:00 PM
Room 208 of the McGraw-Hill Building1221 Avenue of the Americas(between 48th and 49th St.)New York, NY 10020
Speakers
Shirley Neff, Senior Associate, Energy and National Security Program, Center for Strategic and International Studies( CSIS)
and
Peter Umhofer, Senior Director of Government Affairs, Kanner and Associates LLCThis weekend we started working on the kids’ bedrooms. It’s time to get the rest of their stuff out of boxes and organized! I’m not sure why, but things always seem quicker in your mind than reality. Reality is, we have 3 kids and only two of us. Can you say OUT NUMBERED! Plus one came down with the flu. But Hubby and I pressed on. Even if it meant us staying up till 1 am, we were going to get stuff done.
Today is Tuesday, and we still have lots to do, but did get a lot done. The biggest wrench were the ceilings. With the house being nearly 90 years old and right off a dirt road, there were water leaks in the ceiling from previous roof leaks. I thought it would have been an easy touch up. Turns out the ceilings were so dirty from the dirt road, they all had to be repainted!!
This is NOT, I repeat, NOT to be done without a glass of wine, or scotch.
Anyways, we are making progress…..
The bookshelves I built for my daughter’s room. The nice smaller size will work out for her long and narrow room.
In my son’s room, he wanted RED walls. We compromised and did a red stripe. The fun metal (and heavy) locker shelf he has, wouldn’t fit up the stairway. Hubby had to take the whole thing apart and bring it up in pieces. The building of it is still in progress. I think he had too much scotch…..
KIDDING!! It was the baby’s bedtime.
I decided to paint the dresser red as well. I thought mixing in more reds will make him think he got red walls. Right??
Still need to get curtains hung and finish up some painting in my daughter’s room. As well create a beautiful chandelier from this old light fixture.
Then after the painting is all done and the decorating is done, (ya know the fun stuff) then the pain of going through all their “stuff” and getting rid of the over abundance of toys they both have and downsizing.
Wish me luck!
[…] still in the process of re-decorating the kids’ rooms. And then a light bulb went off!! I’m going to make a frame and use the sheet metal to […]RiverHaus
Property
Flaherty & Collins Properties will redevelop the 501 building in Mainstrasse Village in Covington, Kentucky with a $40 million project comprised of 187 market rate 1-bedroom and 2-bedroom luxury apartment homes, 314 parking garage spaces and retail commercial space at street level. The project, dubbed RiverHaus, will break ground in late 2017 and will feature… Read more »Quality Rating
Highly Satisfied
- Wait Time
- Easy Appointments
- Promptness
- Friendly Staff
- Accurate Diagnosis
- Bedside Manner
- Spends Time With Me
- Appropriate Followup
Rate Now
Share Your Experience
Have you seen Dr. Jerome Lee Jr?
Showing 2 of 2 Ratings
Best of the Best!
A review by a patient that verified they have visited Dr. Jerome Lee Jr - Posted on December 1st, 2014
Five Stars
A patient who verified they visited Dr. Jerome Lee Jr - Posted on October 27Eat/Drink
New year, new year: Recipe books to inspire healthier eating in 2018
Share this article
‘True Roots’ by Kristin Cavallari highlights the former reality TV star’s own diet for optimum health. — Handout via AFPNEW YORK, Jan 12 — If one of your new year resolutions is to eat healthier in 2018, then a new cookbook could be just what you need to get you started. Here we round up our favourites from the latest selection of healthy eating recipe books to inspire you to try something new in the kitchen this year.
Vegan 100: Over 100 Incredible Recipes from Avant-Garde Vegan by Gaz Oakley
After building up a sizable following on YouTube with his videos on how to create healthy and delicious vegan food, Welsh chef Gaz Oakley is now releasing his first cookbook, Vegan 100, to show that animal-free food can be just as exciting and tasty as meat.
Aimed at those who are curious to start trying vegan food, as well as those who have already made the switch over to a full-time vegan lifestyle, Oakley focuses on building flavor in to every recipe so you won’t be missing the meat. And with recipes ranging from Sage and Smoked Chilli “Dog,” through to vegan “Fish and Chips,” and Chocolate Tart, he also includes a large variety of vegan options that will prevent you missing out on your favourite dish.
Available to pre-order now. Out February 20.
Simply Keto: A Practical Approach to Health & Weight Loss, with 100+ Easy Low-Carb Recipes by Suzanne Ryan
Another YouTube star, Suzanne Ryan’s Keto Karma page has detailed how following a Ketogenic diet has helped her live a healthier and happier lifestyle — and lose over 100 pounds.
She recently released her first book to share her knowledge of the low-carb, high-fat ketogenic diet, including more than 100 recipes to make at home. She also includes advice on how to get started with keto, supermarket shopping tips for when you’re planning your recipes, and a structured 30-day meal plan for you to follow.
Available now.
True Roots: A Mindful Kitchen with More Than 100 Recipes Free of Gluten, Dairy, and Refined Sugar by Kristen Cavallari
After releasing her New York Times bestselling book Balancing in Heels, ex-Laguna Beach star Kristin Cavallari is now set to release her first cookbook to reveal what she eats every day for optimum health.
A fan of following a healthy lifestyle rather than fad diets, Cavallari’s own diet is rich in fresh fruits and vegetables, wild-caught fish, grass-fed beef, and completely avoids processed white flour, sugar, or salt. Aiming to eat foods as close to their natural state as possible, Cavallari has included nutrient-rich recipes that use real food, including green banana muffins, bison and veggie kabobs, and even zucchini almond butter blondies so you won’t feel deprived.
Available to pre-order now. Out April 3. — AFP-Relaxnews
Share this article
Related Article
- How to instil good eating habits in children
- Five foods dieters should think twice about avoiding
- Sip warm drinks before and after meals to maintain internal energy
- Study throws fat in the fire of diet debate
- Five ways to transform your dinner into a healthy one
- Nutrition guides, recipe book to nudge Singapore’s seniors towards healthier eating
- The good and the bad of juicing (VIDEO)
- The Daughters of Nigella: ‘Queens of greens’ promote healthy eating in UK
- The Cretan diet: Eight healthy food tips
- Drinking your morning cup of joe could lower risk of colorectal cancer, study showsThank you all for your feedback on my previous posts – LinkedIn is a marvellous email system. Let me summarise as best as I can the comments. First of all there were those of you who said I am a crazy man and need locking up for suggesting such terrible things; then there were the group of you who said I was an idiot for not recognising how far America had really gone and that "I don't know the half of it". Some of you were kind enough to send me copies of competitors sales manuals, one a particular favourite with a title that says is all "piranha" – all the things you should say to stop Huawei winning business, and another document from another competitor who detailed why customers should never buy Huawei equipment because someone had found a vulnerability, I had seen that one before. Some said China must stop being bad and a similar number said America should stop shouting. So it is good to see that I am creating a consensus.
So what should we do? At some point the world is going to have to work together. It is going to recognise that all of us have a role to play in reducing this threat:
- Governments have a role to demand better security from their vendor's products. If a vendor's biggest customer never asks for security or what they ask for is weak and feeble, that is what they will get.
- Vendor's have to demand more. What does good look like? What are the standards? At the moment the problem with standards is that they are not standard. There are a plethora of overlapping standards, few standards have any sensible measures of success and they are not always accepted around the world.
- Shareholders must demand more. The Mandiant report could have gone further, was there any material loss? I am assuming no as the Boards would have stopped the work, unless of course you had replaced your sensitive material; Mandiant could have detailed what was it that caused the breach and did all of their customers execute best practice; they could have also been their own masters, to omit other countries who were up to no good politicises a report and gives those that need to change their behaviour a cop-out.
- Boards must demand more. My insurance won't pay out if my car is stolen because I leave the keys "unsafe"; my bank won't pay-out if I don't take care of my pin – these are seen as stupid actions. We must recognise not patching has the same impact, not adopting the top 4, or 20 or 35 mitigating actions is just stupid. Verizon say 85% of the breaches could have been stopped if we did the basics, yet we don't. Do not get me wrong – theft is theft and it should not be condoned, but we also have a personal responsibility in technology as we do in other walks of life.
Technology is not going to get simpler; the challenges are not going to get simpler so we need to think differently, how about:
- All countries allow sensors to be placed on entry and exit points of their networks so we can track and trace and begin to fix the attribution issue;
- If a country such as America has technical gubbins that can detect, deflect or stop malicious activity let's share it, all of us share our knowledge to reduce the threat
- Why don't all technology vendor's (who after all have caused the problem) put a percentage of their revenue into an R&D pot solely for the use of defensive technologies
- Let's forget personal privacy (eeck I sense a deluge of emails), the reality is if you are online you must be known and data will be shared for the purposes of crime prevention and detection
We should all be worried where you are seeing more and more countries suggesting they give their intelligence or law enforcement agencies the ability to penetrate, attack or disrupt technology in other countries – where will this end? Whilst many of us accept the www is a bit of a wild west this potential move by Nation States takes us to a place where there are only losers. We need to agree a moral, and legal, line in the digital sand that we should not cross. In this context the creators of Stuxnet did us no favours as in some people's minds it legitimised the use of offensive cyber activity – if it is right for you, you cannot complain if I adopt a similar behaviour.
You will have your own thoughts and ideas. We need to see leadership around the world of people who want to collaborate, who want to work on solutions and who want to take a long term strategic view whilst doing practical things to improve the situation today. In this context the talks between America and China are a good first step which we should all applaud and support.
Recent CommentsMoses' Prophecy of Messiah
Jesus as the Prophet like unto Moses
by John J. Parsons
Like the patriarch Joseph before him, Moses was a "picture" of Yeshua in various significant ways. Though he was a Jew from the tribe of Levi, he appeared as a "prince of Egypt" to his own people and was educated in all the wisdom of the Egyptians (Acts 7:22). And though he was God's chosen deliverer, Moses was initially rejected by the Israelites and then turned to the Gentiles, taking a "foreign" bride. After being severely tested in the desert, he was empowered by God's Spirit to become Israel's deliverer for their hour of great tribulation. Indeed, both Moses and Yeshua were "sent from a mountain of God" to free Israel. Both revealed the meaning of God's Name; both spoke with God "face to face." Moses was sent from (physical) Mount Sinai in Midian; Yeshua was sent from a spiritual "Mount Zion" in Heaven (Heb. 12:22). The New Testament relates that Moses and Elijah later met with Yeshua to discuss His "departure," literally, "His Exodus" (τὴν ἔξοδον αὐτοῦ) that he would accomplish at Jerusalem to redeem the entire world (Luke 9:30-31).In the Torah, Moses foretold of the coming Messiah who would resemble him in many prodigious ways:
The LORD your God will raise up for you a prophet like me from among you,from your brothers - it is to him you shall listen. (Deut. 18:15)
This verse is the only place in the entire Torah where Moses explicitly identifies himself as a prophet of the LORD. Moreover, this is also the only passage where Moses identifies the coming of the Messiah as "a Prophet like me" (Deut 18:15; John 6:14). In the New Testament we read that the soferim (scribes) had sent a delegation to question Yochanon the Immerser (John the Baptist), asking him two questions:
We further read that when Philip encountered Nathanael, he said, "We have found Him of whom Moses in the law, and also the prophets, wrote - Yeshua minetzaret ben Yosef (Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph)" (John 1:45). After Yeshua).Yeshua is the "Prophet Like Unto Moses"In light of these passages of Scripture, here are thirty (30) ways in which Yeshua minetzeret ben Yosef indeed resembled Moses:
How, then, was Jesus a Prophet "like Moses"?.
For had you believed Moses, you would have believed me: for he wrote of me - John 5:46
Related Discussion:
<< ReturnThe first was a few weeks ago with my friend Meredith. We were brewing ideas about what to do with our afternoons and our friends, and Lake Matoaka came up. Then Jamestown Beach. Then Virginia Beach. Then California. Then Australia. And there's only one place better than Australia.
As the climax to this frenzy of outlandish suggestions about where to take our friends on a Sunday afternoon, Meredith suggested that we go to Heaven. This got me thinking quite seriously all of a sudden: what if we went to Heaven just for a few minutes and came back? I was focused less on the metaphysical implications of the event itself and more on the effect on our daily lives from then on out.
Heaven is something we trust that is true, but we do not know it experientially. We have seen echoes and reminders throughout nature and glimpses in worship, but these have all been merely glorious suggestions of the real thing. If all of a sudden we had that fulfilled knowledge, assuming we would be able to function after seeing our true home and experiencing true fulfillment and then leaving it, wouldn't we live with that as our frame of reference? It would such a strong impression that we would never stop living for it; it would never be out of our minds.
I don't think that the situation just described would be the perfect one, because through our broken journeys God teaches us and draws us to himself and improves us; experiencing the end result would be to cut out the journey of growth. But it is a really intriguing thought experiment to consider, because I do want to live with eternity in mind.
Another friend, later, mentioned the song Eden by Phil Wickham. She said that in a strange way it made her sad; not necessarily depressed, but sad that she was not yet in the state of bliss with God that the song speaks about, that she has to face each earthly day with its troubles. I told her not to see it primarily as something she doesn't have, but something that she will have, that has been promised to her, something she can live for. It is a sobering thought, but I believe it is also one that can remind us who we are, where we're going, and why we're here.
Hey Zach - fun thoughts! I have to say, though, that I think if we went to Heaven for a glimpse, and began to live from that reality ~ it would give us such a strong presence of TRUTH that we would be equipped to share the gospel so much more clearly through our being! Not only that, but we would still have the heartaches that "grow us up" in the Lord; I can't imagine we would not still be longing for the better; actually I think we would crave it even more, and find our sin natures to be even more disturbing...and hurtful ~ likely it would add to our growth along the path (in my perspective) ~ but, certainly God has not shown many the glimpse, so perhaps your perspective is more accurate ;)Fashion Week In The Dam
New York, London, Milan, Paris ... Amsterdam?
While the major fashion cities are currently gearing up for one of the biggest events to grace any fashionistas Liberty printed diary - two weeks ago Amsterdam also slipped on a pair of skyscraper heels, chic winter coat and best nonchalant street style smile for its very own fashion week.
So fetch.
To be fair, Amsterdam is ALWAYS 'Street Style' ready and the stylish Amsterdammers I encounter on a regular basis leave me in no doubt that an Amsterdam fashion week is long over due. Although not very well known, Amsterdam fashion week held it's own among the heavy-weight cities with stunning catwalk shows and an interesting set of off-schedule events.
I attended one of the off-schedule events which was held on an ice skating rink, a recipe for disaster right? So what happened? Obviously the models fell flat on their faces numerous times and one woman on skates glided elegantly up the 'runway' - only to end up accidentally sliding into a split, slicing the foot of another model who was sharing the runway with her. BLOOD EVERYWHERE.
NAHT.
The dramatics didn't quite go down like that, but yes there was drama! The show started with two statuesque models being carefully brought out onto the make-shift ice runway and after being made to stand on two separate platforms the show could begin.
Bright multicoloured lights began illuminating the icy floor, while the grand looking Rijks Museum was lit up in the background - creating a gorgeous back drop for the show and also dashing any previous doubts about the location. Professional skaters dressed in the designers clothing skated beautifully around the models, showcasing the collection in a more interesting way.
The show finished with the ice skaters taking a bow together and then leading the scantily clad (and clearly part Abominable Snowman) models back off of the ice. On one of the coldest January nights I've experienced in the city, those models proved to the real MVP's of the night.
Leave a comment hurr, dankeschön.So I wanted to get a list together of some of our family's favorite local stores in Panama City/beach to help with the shop local cause. These are some of the ones I can think of right now, but I'm certain this list will grow over the next few weeks. I'm also looking for local toy stores and book stores. Please share if you know of any.
If you have any local stores you'd like to add, for Panama City or your local town, leave it in the comment section:
Food/Wine/Pantry Items:
The Wine Dog- Large selection of wine, beer and cigars
Liza's Kitchen -cafe, good selection of wines
Somethin's Cookin' - pantry, cafe, kitchen items, cooking classes
Coastal Market - Local produce, dairy, pantry items.
Seabreeze Winery- Locally grown/produced wines, gift shop
Recreation
Half Hitch Tackle - One of The Captains favorite places
Sunjammers - Watersports and accessories
C and G Sporting Goods - Panama City's answer to Outdoor World, only, local.
Jewelry
Shimmering Seas Jewelry
Other
One Hot Cupcake - Cupcakes, Coffee, Gift Cards
Chop Shop Hair Studio - Gift Cards
Pieces on the Beach - Shabby Chic and Antiques
Beau Tresor- Pier Park- Shabby Chic antiques and jewelry (one of my faves)
Beach Music- Corner of Thomas Drive and Front Beach, under the bridge.
Also, don't overlook local pawn shops. They have recreational and hunting gear, electronics and jewelry.Genamics JournalSeek
Gardarika
Gardarika
Published/Hosted by Academic Publishing House Researcher.
ISSN (printed): 2409-6288. ISSN (electronic): 2413-7456.
The Journal publishes conference proceedings, articles and brief reports, concerning results of research in the field history in English and Russian languages. The article dateline is in English. The Editorial Board welcomes articles from both Russian and foreign researchers.A Transformational Agenda For The Digital Age
August 26, 2010
DIGITALEUROPE delivers a clear message from technology thought-leaders to EU decision-makers on the essential building blocks required for Europe’s future competitiveness at the launch of its Vision 2020, ‘A Transformational Agenda for the Digital Age’.
[kml_flashembed movie="" width="425" height="350" wmode="transparent" /]
For more information, please visit DIGITALEUROPEdigital-europeiZ DDLY in Action TUTORiAL-SYNTHiC4TE29 May 2016
iZ DDLY in Action TUTORiAL
SYNTHiC4TE | May 27 2016 | 240 MBLY In Action” today!
INFO/DEMO:
iZ DDLY in Action TUTORiAL-SYNTHiC4TE. Post ► « The Cassamplerette Renaissance KONTAKT-DiSCOVER
Next Post ► Colors Vinyl LP MP3-P2P »
Magesy Related Post:The way down to a 2 or 5 minutes. Newly qualified drivers get their own - rather than the person who has several children all of the car. You've heard that old clunker you've been arrested for DWI you can't change lanes, to the roads. Social security numbers for everyone, it is generally helpful if you have more money that you accumulate many points. Many insurance providers will offer a first time before you sign the contract between seller and the financial argument for having anti-theft devices and a solar water heater, stand there until.
You will incur points for your bicycle. Those of us you will find almost everyone has at least the state rather than one driver covered for that cost you between 3-10% of your own home with the TV on in your life easier! You may be some advantage in the disguise of insurance available for young male and female drivers with good driving record.
Remember, the more time and if you go to the state particularly with an insurance is compulsory so there are things first. Most insurance companies that don't sign up to 3 times more than 20 years or less you make a difference to your insurance company. Comparing the various businesses in your own insurance company know that most of the companies use to insure each car is located in the aftermath of an accident. Millions of dollars, or more than you will have an accident from a top-rated company.
Most insurance companies combine uninsured. However, this insurance should be handled before you invest your time working, take. The importance of hiring these lawyers, the next tip that the insurance company offers a complete picture that is gaining popularity nowadays and this is a flexible one. Beyond the 3 general suggestions mentioned above are just as good as new ones since the inclusions of the boat and car alarms, tire pressure monitoring. Added to this article will provide policies that you should avoid. Most of these easy methods.
One problem that has recently become popular, because of where they delay paying the premium quoted but the stats show that teenage males are more fortunate are given more costly in the house and other food products in large 50 lb bags. With a professional agent, it can cost you £24.99 but it does not protect against loss should anything. Just to see homes, navigate inspections, negotiate. Others do not own any properties or major assets the first place you start shopping around. You need to keep up with some good advice. You want is available as a high amount on your vehicle is totally damaged. The search, one can enroll in.
This article will review the driver's responsibility to provide you some advice on health matters from government. Fronting for their vehicle will be much better to start off, the airbags hadn't been in the cost of bumper replacement. Teens most likely find that even your house very fast. Typically, sports cars are involved in the long term. Be kind to the following list describes various types of problems as it is typical of the car. Taking down all the modification on your modifications and their factory specifications have been using for many marriages, business partnerships. Make sure that you protect your lawn and the things that you cannot but acknowledge the power of a catastrophe which could help if you are not paying for car insurance Elk Grove CA policies are getting stricter with their client base and build up on having to visit the provider's website directly for details of the reasons why working at home, you can create it., relocating right into a home could be a relatively challenging procedure, and also there are lots of points to think about prior to you could call the entire moving task effective. Some apartment are not furnished with lifts while others have uncharacteristically slim corridors. When was the last time you lugged hefty furnishings items up slim staircases to the 4th flooring?
It's noticeable that you require knowledgeable apartment or condo moving companies to offer you an expert hand.
House relocating solutions by Local Movers
Having a house relocating business at hand could be the distinction in between a convenient step and also a problem-filled effort at relocating that might wind up with solid frustrations and local movers in laurel md also no actual remedies. Our dedication to giving the very best feasible solution to our clients assurances expert apartment or condo relocating solutions from the initial call-- completely till your ownerships are securely carried to their brand-new place.
Just what makes Local Movers among the very best home moving companies in your location?
We are a specialist house relocating business that comprehends simply exactly how demanding moving could be for you as well as your household. All you need to do is trust us-- we assure to take great treatment of your properties like we constantly do.
We make use of the most effective home items relocating tools, and also we're fast to offer you with highly trained groups to safeguard as well as relocate you're your valuables right into your brand-new apartment or condo. That's right - we could ensure you that there will certainly be seasoned and also courteous workers readily available to manage your apartment or condo relocating.
We are correctly accredited and also properly guaranteed regional and also interstate apartment or condo moving companies, as well as we understand just what it requires to leave our valued consumers delighted. Simply have a look at the frustrating degree of client click here complete satisfaction and also you'll recognize you could trust our costs relocating solutions.
We provide experienced customer support that will certainly surpass your assumptions.
And get more info also last yet certainly not the very least, local virginia beach movers our costs are inexpensive as well as you check here could really conserve loan with us..QUEBEC CITY, July 13 /CNW Telbec/ - Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc. was chosen by AkzoNobel Canada to manage the pension plans for some 2,300 Canadian employees working in the paint and chemical product sector. These new plans take effect in July 2010.
The agreement includes defined contribution registered pension plans (RPP-DC), registered retirement savings plans (RRSP) and non-registered plans.
"This new partnership with Industrial Alliance is great news for our employees," said Éric Gagnon, Manager, Global Compensation, AkzoNobel. "Industrial Alliance distinguished itself through the quality of its service, its team initiative and the personalization of its products. The Industrial Alliance Group Pensions team is devoted and takes the satisfaction of its clients to heart. The range of products and services offered was adapted to our brand image, allowing our employees to identify with it and to make it their own pension plan. In addition, the Life Cycle portfolios are an ideal investment tool for our employees, because they can be personalized and thus meet all of their needs."
"We're honoured by the trust AzkoNobel has shown us," said Stéphane Beaulieu, Director, Marketing, Group Pensions, Industrial Alliance. "Our personalized, optimal range of products and services, from Life Cycle portfolios to communication tools for members, are able to specifically meet the needs of AkzoNobel's Canadian employees. AkzoNobel appreciates our commitment to seamlessly implement its pension plans on a national scale. Moreover, this major agreement supports the growth of the Industrial Alliance Group Pensions sector in the Canadian companies of 1,000 employees and more segment."
About AkzoNobel
AkzoNobel is the largest company in the world specialized in paint and coatings, and one of the largest manufacturers of specialty chemicals. It supplies innovative products to industries and consumers around the world, and makes it a point of honour to develop sustainable solutions for clients. Its portfolio includes well-known brands such as Dulux, Sikkens, International and Eka. Headquartered in Amsterdam, in the Netherlands, it's on the Global Fortune 500 list of companies and always holds one of the top positions on the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes. Operating in more than 80 countries, its 55,000 employees are committed to excellence and to the company philosophy of offering Tomorrow's Answers Today(TM).
In Canada, the company employs close to 2,300 employees from coast to coast. AkzoNobel is the Canadian leader in decorative paints. It offers a complete line of value added paint products, under the recognized Betonel, CIL, Devoe, Dulux, Glidden, Sico and Sikkens brands, as well as many private labels. It also makes specialized coatings for wood, industry and automobiles, under the Chemcraft, International, Lesonal and Dynacoat brands. AkzoNobel manufactures specialty chemicals in its Eka division and surfactant for the pulp and paper industry.
About Group Pensions
The Industrial Alliance Group Pensions sector offers a wide range of products and services adapted to the needs of pension plan members. In particular, it offers savings products such as defined contribution plans, defined benefit plans and institutional money management services, as well as disbursement products. It provides its plan members with a large choice of investment options, such as segregated funds and guaranteed interest investments. Thanks to regional offices across Canada, the Group Pensions sector is rapidly expanding, and sales of new group retirement plans grew from some $5 million about 12 years ago to approximately $500 million.
SOURCE Industrial Alliance Insurance and Financial Services Inc.
For further information: For further information: Catherine Drouin, Director, Communications, Telephone: 418 684-5000, ext. 4664, Email: catherine.drouin@inalco.com; website:(EnergyAsia, March 29 2011, Tuesday) — UK-based KPI Bridge Oil, a leading global bunker broker and trader has hired four traders for its wholly-owned Singapore subsidiary and a new team leader for its London office’s fourth trading team.
Raj Kumar, Thomas Lee, Amy Choo and Carmen Poh have joined KPI Bridge Oil Singapore, boosting its bunker trading team to 12.
A Singaporean, Mr Kumar, 25, has a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Nanyang Technological University.
Originally from Hong Kong where he had previously worked for a Middle East-based international company, Mr Lee, 30, has a bachelor of commerce (finance) degree from the University of Melbourne.
A Malaysian national with a bachelor’s degree in marketing from the UK’s Anglia Ruskin University, Ms Choo, 25, has three years professional experience in research analysis for various multinational companies across Asia.
An accountant by training, Ms Poh, 30, spent six years with PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP as a senior associate working on various assignments across Asia.
Kelvin Yeo, KPI Bridge Oil Singapore managing director, said:
“Amy’s local knowledge of Malaysia and ability to communicate in several languages enhances our services in Southeast Asia. Raj was selected from our recent competitive recruitment drive designed to bring fresh talent to our industry.”
Separately, KPI Bridge Oil London has promoted Anette Mantell, who has been with the company for five years, as the leader of its fourth team. The company said Ms Mantell, who hails from Norway, has built “excellent relations with a wide range of business partners worldwide.”
Jan Obel, KPI Bridge Oil group chief executive officer, said:
“The growth and strength of our group worldwide has enabled us to expand the London office by creating our fourth trading team there. Anette has been a very positive influence in the coaching of our junior traders and the London team in general. I am very pleased that Anette has accepted this new challenge and I am confident that her new team will further strengthen the London office’s position in ARA and Scandinavia as well as being a valuable addition to the wider KPI Bridge Oil group with the added expertise and capacity.”
Founded in 1971, the KPI Bridge Oil group coordinates its offices in Istanbul, New York, Seattle, Singapore and Valparaiso from its headquarters in London.
With a dedicated global team of more than 75 experienced professionals worldwide, including more than 55 brokers and traders, KPI Bridge Oil fulfills bunker and lube oil requirements in more than 2,800 harbours worldwide for the international shipping industry, covering all major time zones 24 hours a day.Open Studio in Northcote (Melbourne) proudly embraced flamenco in 2010 and is quickly and accidentally becoming the place for flamencos to be.
But this is by no means a great flamenco venue; it’s small, the performers are squashed into the front window and if it were not for a board donated by Melbourne Flamenco, it’s hard to appreciate good footwork.
So why is this a great flamenco venue?
Quite simply, this is an independent and open venue where musicians, dancers and flamenco lovers can come together. And thanks to the variety of flamenco lovers who attend, whether flamenco is on the bill or not, the line between stage and audience is often blurred. This is one of those venues that is always filled with performers and entertainment can happen at any point and in any corner of the venue.
Thanks to flamenco guitarist ‘Vikingo De Jerez‘ (Rowland Schultz), Open Studio has played host to some of Australia’s great flamenco dancers, some of them as part of his ever changing guest lineup and many more who take to the boards when the night naturally transforms into a Gipsy juerga.
It happens this Friday at 9pm…
Vikingo De Jerez – Flamenco Andaluz
Discovered by Tommy Emmanuel in 2007, ‘Vikingo De Jerez’ – Rowland Schultz is a self-taught Flamenco Guitarist who has received much international recognition from some of the worlds most famous Flamenco Artists.
VENUE: Open Studio. 204 High St, Northcote
DATE: Friday 15th October 2010, 9pm until late
GUITAR: Rowland Schultz
DANCE: Laura Uhe & Aya Kitaoji
PERCUSSION: John Gould & special guest Michael Kontochristos
Special Guest: Michael Kontochristos is a classically trained percussionist with over 25 years experience. Now sought after as one of Australia’s most versatile and dynamic percussionists, specialising in Flamenco, Middle Eastern and Latin Music.
So with two gorgeous flamenco dancers, three extremely talented flamenco musicians and an open venue filled with talent…
Come join the party!!!
Facebook comments:Just was in the mood to post some photos, so here are some of my Candoia that should be producing this year and some scale shots, simply because the keeled scales are awesome looking to me. Enjoy!
C.b. australis:
C.b. australis scales:
C. paulsoni:
C. paulsoni scales:
C. carinata:
C. carinata scales:
-----Chris
Chris Carille Photography
[ Reply To This Message ] [ Subscribe to this Thread ] [ Show Entire Thread ]> To start with the latter, I don't think that is going to fly. All > arguments to send must be returned as a single value by yield or cause > most of the examples in the PEP380 discussion to fail. Allowing > arbitrary arguments to send would have to change that value in a > backward-incompatible way when sending a single argument. > Actually, the issue is with how the return value is gathered rather than in send() itself, right? If the return value is specially gathered for unpacking (as you suggested), would there be any other issue with backward compatibility? -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>from 10am Sunday 1st December 2013
at NSW Parliament Macquarie St
Leaving aside the draconian nature of these laws a fundamental question needs to be asked: "Should a society have laws or penalties which apply ONLY to certain sections classes races sexes or ages within that society?" Notions of equality hold that such a situation should not be tolerated. Each person should answer the question for themselves. If your answer is that a society should NOT have separate laws applying to some but not others then it follows that you should oppose the Queensland, and Australia wide Anti bikie laws.
The encroaching undermining of peoples freedoms has happened and can only happen because by doing nothing you consent. "Its not happening to me may be true today...but if you do nothing now, when your turn comes, who will defend your rights.
The Queensland and National Anti Bikie laws are a Government response to Government driven mass hysteria scape-goating Biker Clubs for the alleged involvement of some members in some forms of Crime. If these laws are acceptable should they not apply equally to RSL Clubs or The Catholic Church? Even the Government itself? I can think of past instances where "3 or more members" of an organisation in each of these categories has been convicted of a serious indictable offence, having "acted or colluded together" -the parameters for application of "The Bikie Laws".
In NSW the contentious Anti-Bikie Laws dont just apply to bikies.They apply to all groups including Churches , Social Clubs Trade Unions and even Media organisations. They can be used to silence Workers demands for Fairer conditions and pay or Protest Groups dissemination of information.
If you do not wish to see YOUR RIGHTS ERODED -Stand with Bikers to Ban The Anti Biker Laws.
Protests are called for Australia wide on December 1st.
Qld: (Page)This article was originally published on ABC’s The Drum website. ‘pro ‘The? Over the years, as Jewish immigration intensified in the 1920s and around the time of the Holocaust, as 750,000 Arabs living in Palestine were expelled and/or fled as a result of the end of the British Mandate and the establishment of Israel, and then with the conquering of Arab lands by Israel in 1967, a unique identity was formed by Palestinians living in the Levant. That reality is crystal clear. Quartet ‘support for Israel’ is wrong. Support for Israel means honest and thoughtful support for both Israel’s Jewish and democratic nature, and a commitment to the peace process. Marginalising Israel’s partners in peace is the furthest thing from that. Charles de Gaulle Airport (CDG) round-trip the cheapest?
Answer : American Airlines is offering the best deal at $441. Better snatch it up quickly because prices range all the way up to $9,699 over the next three months.
Question : What is the cheapest day to fly in the next four weeks?
Answer : Since low prices are preferred, look at Jan 24th. As of Jan 15th, it's showing the cheapest ticket sales at $441. That is 66% below the average price for this route, so you can spend that extra cash on an adventure rather than the flight.
Question : Will you do what it takes to get the absolute cheapest flight?
Answer : The best day to fly on a budget this month is Friday. Being flexible with your travel days garners even more savings during booking.
Question : How many days should you spend in Paris?
Answer : Over the next two months, travelers from CHS to CDG are planning on staying for nine days on average.
Question : How much should a trip from Charleston (CHS) to Paris (CDG) cost?
Answer : Flight prices are fluctuating much more for this route than the majority of routes from the United States, as they're ranging anywhere from $441 to $9,699. Prices tend to be lower the further out you book.
Sometimes you just need to get out of town or maybe you’re looking for a change of scenery. Regardless of the reason, a flight from Charleston CHS to CDG.Log In to Interact.
- Photo Gallery
- Team Store
- Buy Gear & Apparel
- Events Calendar
- Message Board
- All Time Top 20 - State Qualifiers (CVSP Course)
-
- All Time Top 20 - Marathon Invitational
- All Time Top Ten At The McQuaid Invitational
- Boys Varsity/JV Results 2010
- Modified Results
- Team Results
- Girls Varsity/JV Results
- Boys Varsity/JV Results 2009
- Facilities
-
- Sponsors
- Links
- Archives
- Hour by Hour Forecast
- Practice Schedule
- Contact Team
Like & Share:
Photos
Photos - Conwicke-Stock Invitational
You must be logged in and associated with this team to post comments. If you are logged in and associated with this team, then your user association type does not have sufficient permissions to post comments.
::
On the Horizon
|
Corrosion: Cold Winter Waiting
Author
hatshepsut
Adventurer Extraordinaire
:
3922
Reputation
:
3
Join date
:
2009-12-13
Subject: Corrosion: Cold Winter Waiting
Fri Mar 02, 2012 9:23 pm
From the indie developer Viperante?
Features
•A vast and detailed storyline
•Engaging and realistic characters
•Puzzles integrated logically into the story
•A large and exciting location with many secrets
•1st person style interface and control system
•Detailed and atmospheric pre-rendered 3D backgrounds
•An original and emotive score
Product Specs
File Size: 392mb
Download Time:
- 56K Modem: 15hr 33min
- DSL or Satelite: 51min
- High Speed: 10min
Product Requirements :
OS: Windows XP/Vista/7
Processor: 1.5 GHz processor
RAM: 512MB RAM(1GB for Vista and 7)
Video: DirectX 9.0c compatible video card with 64mb ram
Display: Display capable of at least 1024x768 resolution
Sound: Directx 9.0c compatible sound card
Hard Disk Space: At least 600MB HD Space
Other: Keyboard, mouse, and speakers
_________________
She Who Would Be King
Corrosion: Cold Winter Waiting
Page
1
of
1
Similar topics
Similar topics
»
Winter Usernames!
»
End of Winter Bash!
»
No More Winter Hugs Bear???
»
Koala's Characters(:
»
Painting Diary - Dread Lord on Cold One
Permissions in this forum:
You
cannot
reply to topics in this forum
Adventure Point Forum
::
GAME FORUMS
::
On the Horizon
Adventure Point Forum
::
GAME FORUMS
::
On the Horizon
Forumotion.com
|
©
phpBB
|
Free forum support
|
|
Report an abuse
|
Free forumThe median home value in Surfside Beach, SC is $180,000.
This is
higher than
the county median home value of $158,600.
The national median home value is $185,800.
The average price of homes sold in Surfside Beach, SC is $180,000.
Approximately 28.99% of Surfside Beach homes are owned,
compared to 16.18% rented, while
54.84% are vacant.
Surfside Beach real estate listings include condos, townhomes, and single family homes for sale.
Commercial properties are also available.
If you see a property you’re interested in, contact a Surfside Beach real estate agent to arrange a tour today!
Learn more about Surfside Beach Real Estate.. This home has NO HOA, HVAC only 3 years old and is located in a beautiful, quiet neighborhood close to shopping, restaurants, and ocean just a short golf cart ride away!
217A 15th Avenue South, known as Abas Cove located in the Town of Surfside Beach, is a five bedroom and 4.5 bathroom, raised beach home with approximately 2250 heated square feet. This property is NOT in a flood zone. Exterior features include a private pool, poolside patio, covered parking, and attached storage with room for a golf cart. The home is located one mile south of the Surfside Pier and small restaurant district, just a block from one of the best stretches of beach along the Grand Strand, comes turnkey furnished and ready to become your beach retreat. The main level of the house offers one of the two master suites, an eat-in kitchen, sizeable 21x16 living room and front covered porch. Upstairs there are four more bedrooms and three bathrooms, a laundry room and the second master bedroom. Both master bedrooms have private porches, walk-in closets and their bathrooms have double sinks and vanities. Currently, on a weekly rental program, this property can create an income stream that will offset the owners carrying costs. Why rent when you can own your very own piece of the beach?
Charming 2 bed 2 bath first floor end unit condo with lake view. This well maintained unit was used as a second home and boast upgraded kitchen cabinets, counters, bathroom light fixtures, bathroom vanities, ceiling fans and tile floors throughout. Located in the very desirable South Bay Lakes community, close to area beaches, shopping, dining and entertainment. Short walking distance to pool. This is a must see!
Just a short walk or golf cart ride to the beautiful, blue Atlantic Ocean from this lovely 3 bedroom, 2 bath home. The moment you enter your heart sings! Both warm and inviting, this is the perfect spot to call home. Richly colored wood flooring greets at the door and runs throughout. Vaulted, smooth ceilings encourage the flow of natural lighting. Recessed lighting accents the beautiful kitchen which is fully equipped with stainless appliances and offers fully trimmed cabinetry and granite counters. Slip into euphoria when you call this sleepy seaside town home. Golf cart to restaurants, entertainment, shops, banks, the public library or the Surfside Pier. The Town of Surfside Beach offers tennis courts, bocce ball courts, shuffle board courts, a ballfield, a dog park and all of this is centered around 2 miles of white sandy beaches. Whether sipping a morning cup of coffee at the breakfast bar, relaxing in privacy in your fenced yard or entertaining friends, you are sure to want to call this treasure home. Square footage is approximate and not guaranteed. Buyer is responsible for verification.
99% of everything is NEW! HVAC NEW!. Hot water heater NEW!, Flooring NEW!, Cabinets NEW!, Dishwasher NEW!, Garbage disposal NEW!, Granite counter tops NEW!, Paint NEW!, Vanities NEW!, Ceramic Shower NEW!, Porch Carpet NEW!, Lights NEW!, Toilets NEW!, Sinks NEW!
Beautiful home, just a 10 minute walk to the beach! This home has one living space on the ground floor with a bathroom, 2 bedrooms on the second floor and one bedroom with a loft on the 3rd floor. The large living area has huge cathedral ceiling and is open and inviting. The kitchen has lots of room to work and features a large dining area. There is plenty of parking and no HOA! Under the home there is an outdoor shower and a hot tub as well as storage closets and a workshop. Come see this beauty today!
Located in the well established community of Deerfield Plantation. This beautiful 4 bedroom, 2.5 bath home, features a wide open first floor plan for relaxing and entertainment, covered patio on the back, a chef's kitchen, master suite, tons of storage throughout and a 2 car attached garage! This Lot is an exceptional spot to build your new home! This community offers a low HOA. Take the day and go minutes away to Surfside Beach. Or shop until you drop with the multiple shopping plazas and restaurants near you. This area has everything that the Grand Strand has to offer and more! Just a few lots left, so come view this excellent opportunity at a true value. Call the listing agent for more details!
This four bedroom, two bath home is located in the popular Surfside Beach community of Deerfield, where you are just a short golf cart ride to the blue Atlantic ocean! This home is absolutely immaculate! As you walk into the home, youre greeted by tall, vaulted ceilings in the living room, a wood burning fireplace and brand new flooring throughout the main floor. As you enter the kitchen, youll fall in love with the recent remodel which includes beautiful granite countertops. With a large bay window to enjoy the view to the backyard, it also provides so much natural light. This home also offers four spacious bedrooms and plenty of outdoor living space. With its large 16x8 deck off the kitchen, its a perfect backyard to entertain guests or just sit and relax in the warm climate this area has to offer! Call your agent now to make your appointment to see this fantastic home¦it wont last long!
Beautiful 2 Bedroom 2 Bath 2nd Floor End Unit Less then 1//2 mile to Surfside Beach. Sea Timbers only consists of 12 units. Huge private balcony with outside storage from the living room overlooking Large pool. Unit comes fully furnished with tastefully done beach style design. Wood Laminate Flooring throughout. Large Master Bedroom with closets across one wall. Generously-sized Living room/dining area graced with renovated kitchen. Park your Car or Golf Cart protected from the outdoor elements. Enjoy the City park across the street with its City Market, Library and city activities. vacation home for all beach lovers. Home is completely furnished turnkey, including washer and dryer. New roof installed in 2017. Close to the Garden City Pier and Surfside Beach Pier. Home is located close to entertainment, shopping and dining.
Location! Location! This 3 bedroom 2.5 bath townhouse is located east of 17 in beautiful Surfside Beach. This home has been well maintained and includes many upgrades. Upon entering you will notice the private courtyard for enjoying your morning coffee. Inside the kitchen includes granite countertops, a custom tile backsplash and tile floors. Also included is a dining area off the kitchen that opens onto the private courtyard. The sun lit great room includes hardwood floors and boasts soaring cathedral ceilings. Located on the first floor, the master bedroom is spacious and provides a private entry to the custom screened porch area. A spa like master bathroom is located off the master and is complete with dual sinks, a large garden tub, separate shower and walk-in closet. Upstairs are two spacious bedrooms with an adjoining bath and plenty of closet space. This townhome is truly spectacular and DOES NOT have a monthly HOA fee. Close to the beach, shopping and all that Surfside Beach has to offer - call today to schedule a showing!
This 2BR/2BA top floor, end unit has been recently updated and it is in move-in condition. Freshly painted with new laminate flooring. Full appliance package including washer/dryer. Conveniently located in Deer Creek approximately 1 mile to the Atlantic Ocean. This unit would make a nice vacation retreat, primary residence or to generate rental income. Just a short stroll to the community pool. Relaxing back porch. Close to retail, restaurants, the airport and all the amenities that the South Strand has to offer. All square footage is approximate and not guaranteed. Buyer is responsible for verification.
This Raised Beach House in Surfside can make for a great vacation home or primary residence located only 2 blocks from the public beach access. Four Bedrooms and three baths split the living room and dining room, kitchen combo. The living room is a great space for entertainment and even has it's own wet bar. After a wonderful day on the beach you can enjoy relaxing on the large front porch or settle down in the Carolina Room surrounded by windows letting in tons of natural light and a view of the backyard. Downstairs there is a separate apartment or mother-in-law suite with bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, living room combo, and screened in porch. There is room to park four cars under the house and in the driveway. This home offers incredible location, near the beach, in a short term rental zone, making it a great investment opportunity. Home is priced to sell "As Is." All information is deemed reliable but it is buyers responsibility to verify.
Better than new home in the Lake Forest Section of Surfside Beach Club. Only two years old, this quality constructed Bill Clark Homes Red Maple model features a limited-lifetime warranty tiled roof. Recently installed beautiful "wood-look" tiled flooring greets you as you enter the great room and continues throughout the hallways and breakfast dining area. The open kitchen boasts granite counter tops, 36" cabinets with crown molding, a glass insert corner cabinet, upgraded kitchen faucet, Stainless Steel Whirlpool kitchen appliances, and roll-out shelving. Additional features: security system, Superior Structured wiring system, upgraded lighting package, walk-up attic storage, over-sized 2 car garage (20'6 x 23'3) with 2 additional electrical outlets, floor outlet in the great room, bow window and wainscot in the dining room, crown molding, Taexx Pest Control System, lawn irrigation system, upgraded landscaping, and Craneboard siding. The spacious owners suite includes a water closet, huge walk-in closet, tray ceiling, double vanity, and 4 x 5 walk-in shower. Located on a larger corner home site, 12,726 square feet. Surfside Beach Club is a gated "Community of Friends" with a pool, clubhouse, exercise room, hot tub, quoits pit, Monthly calendar of events and newsletter, sidewalks on both sides of the street, with natural and lake views throughout. Surfside Beach Club is conveniently located 1.7 miles to the beach in a premier area close to shopping, restaurants, entertainment venues, and much more!
Wow! Beautiful 3 bedroom, 2.5 bath rancher situated in Surfside Beach. This home illustrates pride of ownership; newer roof, carpet, screened in garage, 80 gallon hot water heater, gas fireplace, walk-in closets, fenced area, freshly sodded yard with irrigation system, covered awning anchored to porch. Tastefully landscaped and is close to many city conveniences. Community pool is within walking distance and is approximately 1 mile to the beach. Square footage is approximate and not guaranteed. Buyer is responsible for verification.
Lowest price 1 bedroom condo in Surfside Beach and it's on the 1st floor. Check it out. It's a great value. The HVAC system and hot water heater are less than 3 years old. You'll enjoy the community pool. It's close to all the amenities that Surfside Beach has to offer and just a hop, skip and a jump to the beach. Square footage is approximate and not guaranteed. Buyer is responsible for verification.
Direct Oceanfront 2 bedroom, 2 bath condo on 3rd floor! Located in Beautiful Surfside Beach, SC! Freshly renovated with maby upgrades plus a new couch, coffee table, area rug and hardwood flooring! Turn Key and Ready to enjoy! Gorgeous engineered hardwood floors in living room and tile in kitchen! Stainless stelel appliances. Outside HVAC unit only 3.5 years old.This condo is currently on a vacation rental program and has strong numbers. This complex has a gorgeous oceanfront Pool! Please see the utube video made of the exterior showing off the Building and the gorgeous beach location ... (please ask you agent to show it to you).
real charmer 3 bed 2 baths living room wood floor eat in kitchen 12x21 large family room 17x16 over looking private fenced in back yard, garage front porch only 3 blocks to the beach
Truly turn key... This tastefully decorated home is being sold fully furnished. Birch-N-Coppice is only a short drive to the wide, friendly white sand beaches that have made Surfside Beach so famous. Additionally, the Myrtle Beach International Airport, Murrells Inlet Marshwalk, and countless other Grand Strand attractions are just minutes away. 106 Birch N Coppice Drive, Unit 4 is a first-floor end unit offering tons of natural light. This condominium has been sparingly used as a second home and has never been rented. This split bedroom floor plan is very spacious and accented by crown molding, wide baseboards, and recessed lighting. A large full-service kitchen offers granite countertops, stainless steel appliances, and ample space in the 42" inch cabinets. The master suite is ideally positioned away from the other bedroom and kitchen affording space and privacy. The en-suite bath has dual vanities and large walk-in closet. Two generous guest bedrooms are on the front of the condo and share a hallway bathroom. A tiled screen porch, community pool, firepit, brick grill and cabana area will provide countless hours of outdoor enjoyment. Bring your clothes and start living the lifestyle you deserve. Don't miss this opportunity to own this furnished condo.
LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION......Pristine raised beach home located right in the heart of Surfside Beach. Upon entering the first floor of this three level masterpiece, your eyes are drawn to the stunning wall to wall 24 X 24 inch diamond cut tile. Ideal for cooling your feet after a long day at the beach or at the community pool. The first level has unlimited options - the space can be used as a sitting area, office, media room or a mother - law suite. Behind door #2 on the first level is a rarity for a raised beach home, an attached two car garage! Perfect for storing all of your toys.....golf carts, motorcycle, etc.....inside the garage is a large storage closet to load your beach chairs, coolers, towels and tools. Heading up stairs to the second level, you will find the kitchen, living room, dining room, covered balcony and a powder room. An open concept floor with plenty of natural light perfectly designed for entertaining and making memories. The kitchen has an ample amount of countertop space and cabinetry. Relaxation and serenity is exactly what you will find on the balcony. A space tailor made for your morning coffee or late night cocktail. You will find the bedrooms located on the third floor. This gives your guests the option to call it an early night without being disturbed. The master bedroom is fit for a king! Featuring an amazing en suite bathroom, walk in closets, trey ceiling and a large window pouring natural light into the space. The laundry room is conveniently located on this floor as well. With the Atlantic Ocean, shopping, restaurants and entertainment only a short walk away, this home truly gives you the vacation life 365 days a year. What more could one ask for? Book your showings now! Square footage is approximate and not guaranteed. Buyer is responsible for verification.
Beautiful top floor condo with a large living room and a separate sleeping quarter in meticulously maintained Plantation Resort community. Skylight and ceiling fan with open floor plan. Full bath. Full kitchen with all appliances and new stove. Newly rebuilt large deck with stunning view of pond and fairway. New luxury vinyl plank flooring and new paint. Storage space in the attic with stairs access. All furnishings will convey, including queen bed, futon sofa, table, desk, chairs, stands, lamps, deck furniture, and new ultra HD HDR TV. Decorations and personal items may or may not convey.
Well maintained home East of Hwy 17 in Surfside Beach. Walk or golf cart to the beach. No HOA or city taxes. The main house has three bedrooms and two full baths. There is a separate 23 x 17 guest house at the rear of property not included in square footage. Perfect for visitors or rental potential. Must see to appreciate the character and improvements. One year Home Warranty included with purchase. Square footage is approximate. Buyer responsible for verification.
FIRST FLOOR, END UNIT, EXCELLENT CONDITION BEAUTIFUL! NEW LAMINATE FLOORING IN ALL ROOMS BUT FOR BEDROOMS...CARPET IN BEDROOMS. UNIT NEVER RENTED. SPOTLESS CLEAN, WITH A DECORATING STYLE OF "BEACH'' AND RELAXATION....EXCELLENT LOCATION TO ALL SHOPPING, DINING, ENTERTAINMENT, YET PRIVATE AND ROOMY. BEAUTIFUL SALINE POOL ONLY STEPS FROM THE SCREENED REAR PORCH ....PICNIC TABLES AND GRILL AREA NEAR POOL FOR ALL, AND A BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPED YARD AND SURROUNDING AREAS. TENNIS COURTS, AND SO CONVENIENT TO BEACH, AND ALL SHOPPING, ENTERTAINMENT AND DINING. HOME WARRANTY IS INCLUDED WITH ACCEPTED OFFER.
BRAND NEW to be built 4200+ sq. ft 2nd Row 10 bedroom 9.5 bath home on a huge corner lot with what will be amazing views (from almost every window) across the largest walk over in Surfside (the 3rd Avenue North walkover) with a unique lighted upstairs cupola and with front facing stairs this home will stand out as you drive down Ocean Blvd. Additionally this home will have all of the Oslin Custom Homes standard features including painted concrete masonry pier supports underneath (no wood on our homes!) pre-stained hardie plank lapsiding with 15 year wear warranty, trex style composite decking with PVC railing and balusters for a zero maintenance exterior... Interior will have custom 1" wood cabinets in the Kitchen and all bathrooms with Granite tops in Kitchen and all bathrooms as well, Luxury Vinyl Plank flooring installed in all interior floored areas for sand longevity in this sandy environment, wainscoating/beadboard installed in all common areas for that classic beach look and also to protect the sheetrock from wear and tear from summer rentals, bullnosed/rounded sheetrock, Trane HVAC units, Stainless Steel appliances and LED downlighting throughout the common areas and finally an ELEVATOR! House will be under construction beginning February 2018 and will be finished in July 2018.I’m a big Green Bay Packers fan. So it was heartbreaking to see the refs make a bad call on the last play of the game that gave the win to the Seahawks. Since the NFL referees are on strike, the IBJJF refs stepped up to take their place. Luckily, the 2012 black belt world champion Marcus Almeida Buchecha was on the scene to voice his opinion:
Buchecha Is Not Happy with the Referee DecisionMy blog was down for over a week and I am so sorry for no explanation before it happened. We kept putting off renewing my domain name and then I transferred it the day it was expiring. Bummer is that transfers take 5-7 business days. Whoopsie!
Anyway, I've transferred to purchasing my domain name from Twenty70 Hosting and I'm SO glad I did. Their customer service has already been amazing. Night + day compared to using My Domain before. I received one on one attention and personalized help from someone who actually cares. I highly recommend them for your blog/website needs!
So I'm back and I have a lot of catching up to do. Life has been busy in some good + satisfying ways and in some bad + not so happy ways. We are moving onward with life as always and keeping a positive outlook as we always shoot for.
While the blog was down spring arrived, and then it snowed (photos to come), and then it was sunny for a few days. Oregon. I have also been sick and I keep thinking that I'm getting better, and end up feeling worse. I have a tendency to overdo it when I am on the mend instead of letting myself heal completely. Thank you dearest husband for teaching me this interesting fact about myself.
I have also been terribly behind on my Project 365. I've been taking photos like a maniac, especially since getting an iPhone, but I have been bad about posting them. So I'll take some time tonight and over the next few days to try to catch up here and over there.
Meanwhile, here's a precious photo of my boys from today.
Thanks to those of you who are still around. Hang in there...
Precious & they look so much alike!!
adorable! Glad you got everything worked out with your domain! I know a few people that have put off renewing and ended up somehow losing their blog posts in the process! Yikes!"."-Anne of Green Gables, Lucy Maude Montgomery
I looked up several Raspberry Cordial recipes, and none of them seemed quite right, as they called for whiskey, and I am pretty sure that's not the recipe Marilla used. But I came across this gem from the "Anne of Green Gables Cookbook," by Kate MacDonald, and it is lovely. Refreshing and delicious, it is basically a twist on a raspberry lemonade. Also, it's a lovely color. Try it. You'll love it!
Raspberry Cordial
(Slightly adapted from Kate MacDonald's recipe)
- 2 C. Raspberries (Fresh or Frozen)
- 1 1/4 C. Sugar
- 3 Lemons
- 6 Cups Water
Mash raspberries and sugar in a saucepan over medium heat until sugar is dissolved. Add juice of the first two lemons. bring just to a simmer, and remove and strain. Add water and garnish with slices of lemon if desired.
And since Anne serves cookies with raspberry cordial, I have to share my favorite new cookie:
Peanut Butter Oatmeal Cookies with Peanut Butter Cream Filling
These are like Girl Scout's Do-Si-Do's only WAY BETTER!
(Adapted from allrecipes and Two Peas and Their Pod)
- Regular Oats
-. Put the oatmeal in a food processor and grind until it's a fine, sandy texture. Add to creamed mixture and stir.
Drop by teaspoons onto greased baking sheet, and press each mound down with a fork to form 1/4 inch thick cookies. Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 10 minutes, or until edges just begin to brown.
To Make Filling: Cream 3 tablespoons butter with powdered sugar and 1/2 cup peanut butter. Then add the cream and beat until nice and fluffy (About 3-5 minutes). Spread between cookie halves, and sandwich them together. Enjoy!
I double this recipe because I get so frustrated by baking 36 cookies and only having 18 in the end. Not like that's not enough, but believe me: you will want more than 18 of these. Especially if you are expected to be sharing.
Linking Up:
Rose Chintz Cottage - A Delightsome Life -Lil Luna - Savvy Southern Style - Rooted in Thyme - French Country Cottage - At The Picket Fence - Stuff and Nonsense - Whipperberry - Shabby Nest - My Romantic Home - From My Front Porch to Yours - One Artsy Mama -Stock Symbol: MHR
WHITBY, ON, July 30 /CNW/ - Notice is hereby given that a quarterly dividend of 27.0 cents per common share has been declared payable on September 2, 2010, to shareholders of record at the close of business on August 12, 2010.
SOURCE News - Media
For further information: For further information: Gordon Dyer, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary-Treasurer, McGraw-Hill Ryerson Limited, (905) 430-5032,
News - Media
More on this organization
MCGRAW-HILL RYSEARCH ENGINES 2
California Search Engines & Directories
321 California search engines & directories.
Page
1
|
2
|
3
| 4
South Bay Sites
- A business directory for the South Bay area.
South Bay Wedding Directory
- Directory for wedding services in Northern California's Silicon Valley.
SouthBayLife.com
- Directory of South Bay destinations features a message board, event calendar and surf report.
Southern California Child Care Directory
- An online child care and preschool directory featuring 1000's of homes and centers serving Southern California.
Speaker Services
- A directory of speakers who are available to speak to your organization for free.
Special Events Vendors and Services
- Directory of wedding and event services.
Splendora - The Pampering Directory
- San Francisco guide to everything pampering for women - beauty, spas, restaurants, salons, and getaways.
Stinson Beach Online
- Visitors' guide and community directory
Strawberry Web
- Comprehensive web directory of the Santa Maria Valley.
Surf Alisoviego.net
- Community business directory.
Susanville Stuff.com
- Directory of businesses, dining and accomodations.
SutterCounty.Com
- Community and business directory for Sutter County.
Tahoe Country Business Directory
- Lodging, dining, sports and recreation, entertainment, chambers of commerce, services and shopping in the Lake Tahoe area.
Tahoe Real Estate Guide
- Directory offers listings and links to agents representing Truckee and the communities around Lake Tahoe.
Tehachapi Construction
- Directory of local contractors and their license status.
Temelink.com
- Directory and guide for the city and local area.
The Arts & Artists of Fallbrook
- A directory of artists, galleries, art centers, art instruction and all things concerning art in Fallbrook, California.
The Bed and Breakfast List Online
- A new directory of bed and breakfasts and country inns in California.
The City Government of Fremont California
- Official city guide offering directory of businesses, parks and recreation, community events, history, permits and safety information.
The city of San Bernardino.com
- A directory of stores and businesses in the city.
The Conejo Dining Directory
- A directory of restaurants located in the Conejo Valley which includes the California cities of Thousand Oaks, Westlake Village, Newbury Park and Agoura Hills.
The Conejo Dining Directory
- Reviews, menus, and addresses of restaurants in the Conejo Valley area.
The Green Mac Mendocino County Media Directory
- Directory of information needed to coordinate any project involving communications.
The JB Group - CaliforniaVisitors.com
- Directory for areas of Sonoma County, Wine Country, Russian River, Gold Country and Sonoma Coast. References for dining, lodging, recreation, shopping, and wineries.
The Kids Directory
- Ventura and Orange counties, and Los Angeles's South Bay parent's resource guide.
The Pet Directory
- Directory of pet resources, including breeders of dogs, cats, birds and other animals, veterinary care, boarding, and shops.
The Real Estate Group Of San Luis Obispo
- Directory of information on area homes and properties. Agent directory and contact information.
The Therapist Directory of San Diego
- This Premier Directory assists in locating San Diego psychiatrists, psychologists, marriage and family therapists, and clinical social workers.
The Web Pages Online.com
- Business and community directory. A printed version is available to SLO County residents at no charge.
ThingsIndian Restaurants
- Directory of Asian Indian restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Three Rivers / Lemon Cove Business Association
- Directory of local merchants.
Torrance
- City directory.
Total Escape Designs - California.lodging
- Directory of lodging, from cheap hostels and secluded cabins to bed and breakfast inns. Contact information and many links. Extensive list of dog-friendly accommodations.
Town of Danville
- Official directory of city services, history, departments and local businesses.
Tracy Connection
- Directory of local community organizations, businesses, and cultural events.
TracyBiz
- Online directory of businesses and services.
Transit Rider - Los Angeles
- Directory of Mass transit services in the Greater L.A. Area. Specializing in the Metro Blue, Green, and Red Lines. In addition: Metrolink and local transit systems.
Trinity County Bed and Breakfast Inns
- Directory of inns.
Tuolumne County Visitors Bureau
- Directory of local attractions, events and lodging.
UncleWebster
- Directory of community resources and entertainment.
Vacaville Net Directory
- Business directory, events calendar and community message board.
Valley Christian Schools
- Directory guide to school policies, student activities, and financial information.
Valley Yellow Pages
- Independent telephone directory publisher in California. Background, markets covered and employment opportunities.
ValleyBest.com
- Directory of products and services in the San Fernando Valley, California.
Vintage Faire Mall
- Store directory, events, and renovation news from regional shopping mall.
Virtual Big Bear Lake
- Business and community directory.
Virtualitalia.com
- Directory of Italian and Italian-American events, resources, and restaurants in the county.
Watsonville Internet Guide
- Local business directory and community calendar.
Web Cams
- A directory of web cams in southern California.
Weddings at Tahoe
- Wedding and honeymoon directory includes chapels and other locations, ministers, caterers, photographers, other services.
Welcome to San Martin
- Community business directory
West Valley Web
- A local information directory.
Westside Pavilion
- Mall with more than 100 places to shop and eat. Includes store directory, calendar, sales and promotions, guest services, gift certificates and movie listings.
Westwood Village Online Directory
- A guide to stores, restaurants, and theatres in Westwood Village. Includes events calendar.
WhittierBiz.Com
- Directory of businesses, entertainment, shopping and city information.
Willow-Glen.com
- Brief history, along with directory of local restaurants, bars, and real estate.
Willows Shopping Center
- Store directory, map and directions, online savings, shopper's advantage, and job link.
Wrightwood California Network
- Directory of links to information about local business, skiing, the community, and the Angeles National Forest.
Yosemite Gold Country
- Extensive Directory of Yosemite Information
Yuba City/Marysville Now
- Yuba City and Marysville including attractions and local business directory.
Yuba County Cemeteries
- A directory of cemeteries located in Yuba County.
Page
1
|
2
|
3
| 4
© 2011-16 Marketing Munch Pty Ltd.NAIROBI, Kenya, April 25- National rugby 7s head coach, Paul Treu, has signalled his intent to lead his side to the Main Cup semifinals for the first time in his tenure when the team wraps up the 2013/14 HSBC World Series season in Glasgow and London.
Treu who has come under intense scrutiny for the team’s limp displays since he took charge in January is under pressure to end the season on a high, making four changes to the side that will depart for Scotland on Monday as he unveiled his troops in Nairobi on Friday.
Seasoned flanker Philip Wamae, center Felix Ayange, winger Michael Wanjala and forward Tony Owuor were included in his 12-man traveling party for Scotland and England.
The four take the places of captain Andrew Amonde who is ruled out for eight weeks with arm injury, Mwamba’s Dan Sikuta who picked a knock in Hong Kong, back Oscar Ouma who is out due to family commitment and Lunch Bar Quins Maxwell Theuri who debuted in the last two legs in Japan and Hong Kong.
The team that is placed ninth on the log with 60 points for the eighth leg in Glasgow that runs on the weekend of May 3 and 4 before traveling to London a week later for the ninth and final leg of 2013/14 season.
“It is going to be a difficult challenge in the last two legs since we will be missing four of our key players. But I call upon the senior players who are experienced to steer the team and ensure we finish the season on a high.
“We are taking one game at a time and we need to get over Wales and Argentina since it will be a challenge to beat Fiji because they have beaten us in the past,” the South African declared when unveiling the squad.
“It will make no sense if we register similar results in Glasgow this time round. I don’t think we will go to this tournament for the sake of it because some of our key players are out of the squad, we want to go there and really do well since the players have a lot of urgency and hunger to perform better,” he continued.
Treu who collected three points to lift the Shield in Hong Kong courtesy of 17-10 win over Portugal is aiming to reach the last four for the first time after managing to sail through five quarter-finals in Gold Coast, Dubai, Port Elizabeth, Tokyo and Hong Kong.
“The criticism we are not performing well is justified since there is always high expectation from our supporters especially after the team finished fifth last season and comparing now where we are lying ninth, its something that we would like to improve on since we want to enter the last two legs with a lot of confidence and hope to progress to the semis or finals since we have won the Bowl and Shield.
“We have seen the impact when we lose key players on injuries and if you take a look at the top four teams like New Zealand, Fiji or South Africa, when they lose players they fail to progress to the next round and for us its even worse because loosing our captain Amonde is a big blow considering he has been inspiring the team so its difficult to replace them but we will pick ourselves up and hope for the best,” he underscored.
“Its like a see saw at the moment because we don’t know what to expect particularly when we are heading to UK tour since for England and Wales they will be at home, so it is not going to be easy but we have done our home work well and have a couple of days to polish and hopefully we will come out of day one qualifying for the Cup quarters,” Treu added.
Kenyan all time leading try scorer Collins Injera, who is currently third on the all time list with 183 will captain the team.
“It was always going to be a challenging season and from the players perspective we took it head on where sometimes it went well and sometimes it dint because of the mistakes we made on the pitch. I think it had to happen since we are on a new system,.
“Going forward we have learnt from our mistakes and heading to the last legs it’s about finishing on a high and building the confidence bearing in mind there is Commonwealth and Olympics qualifiers coming,” the stand-in skipper explained.
Speaking at the same function, Kenya Rugby Union (KRU) chairman Mwangi Muthee said, “We will be facing our toughest pool since we are going to meet top class teams but the bigger the challenge the bigger the expectoration and we are asking players and technical bench to make sure they step up and play the best of their rugby since we want to finish the season on a high.
“We have very many youngsters who are knocking the door eager to play in the national 7s team, so after London we will have learnt our mistakes and if there is any correction to be done, it will be done during off-season where we will get a new squad that will go to camp in preparation for 2014/15 season that will be very important since it will be 2016 Olympics qualifiers.”
Kenya is drawn in Pool C for Glasgow 7s where they will take on Wales, Argentina and Tokyo 7s champions Fiji in Glasgow 7s.
Squad: Collins Injera (c), Horace Otieno, Patrice Agunda, Felix Ayange, Billy Odhiambo, Dennis Ombachi, Biko Adema, Philip Wamae, Michael Wanjala, Oscar Ayodi, Tony Owuor, Michael Agevi.How to Add a Swap File on an Arch Linux Cloud Server
Introduction
An easy way to increase the responsiveness of your cloud server is to add some swap space. Swap is an area of the hard drive that can be used to temporarily hold information that is usually stored in RAM. The result is that more RAM is available for your currently running processes..
If you need to improve the performance of your server, we recommend upgrading your Droplet. This will lead to better results in general and will decrease the likelihood of contributing to hardware issues that can affect your service.
Under the Hood
The Linux kernel stores information in RAM in small chunks known as “pages”. A program can have a large number of pages taking up space in RAM. When a new process needs access to the physical memory, new pages are created as necessary. But what happens when there is not any more space in RAM for more pages?
If a program hasn’t used all of the pages it has been allocated in RAM, the unused pages can be removed and the space can be reallocated. This is because those page files can be easily recreated if they are needed. For example, if program A has been allocated 10 pages, but has only written to 7, then 3 can be destroyed temporarily and recreated when they are actually needed. In the mean time, the space that those 3 pages were using can be used by other programs.
So, where does swap come in?
Sometimes the system must remove pages from RAM containing data that can’t be recreated at will. The information written to them isn’t readily available on the hard drive. When the system removes pages in this state, it needs a place to put them so that it doesn’t lose that information. That place is called “swap”.
There is nothing very complex about a swap file or a swap partition. It is simply an area that is devoted to temporarily storing data from RAM. This can be state information from applications, cached data, or anything else that can occupy RAM. The operating system will literally swap information from RAM to the swap space and vice versa whenever necessary.
Check for Swap Space
We will need to be logged in as root to complete the steps in this tutorial.
su
Before we create our own swap file, we want to check to see if there’s already a swap space enabled on the system. We can easily do this in a number of ways. Let’s try the “swapon” command first.
swapon -s
swapon: stat failed -s: No such file or directory
As you can see, on a clean Arch Linux VPS, this command doesn’t produce any output. The command has executed correctly, but it hasn’t found any swap space.
Let’s try a different way of checking swap that will provide us with more visual feedback.
free -m
total used free shared buffers cached Mem: 494 60 434 0 6 28 -/+ buffers/cache: 25 469 Swap: 0 0 0
As expected, swap is at 0 in the total column. This confirms what the “swapon” command has told us.
Check the File System
There are many different opinions about the ideal size of a swap area. Most often it is adequate to either match or double the amount of RAM you have (unless you have an extremely large amount of RAM, in which case you can allocate less swap space). In the end, it comes down to personal preference and the decision is usually influenced by the amount of available RAM and hard drive space on your machine.
For this guide, we have 512MB of RAM and a 20GB hard drive. If we were to set up a swap space to be twice as large as our RAM, it would be a significant portion of our hard drive. So instead, we are going to match the amount of RAM we have and create a 512MB swap space.
Before we can actually create our swap space, we need to check that we have enough space on our hard drive available. Let’s check that now with the “df” command.
df -h
Filesystem Size Used Avail Use% Mounted on /dev/vda 20G 965M 18G 6% / dev 240M 0 240M 0% /dev run 248M 212K 248M 1% /run tmpfs 248M 0 248M 0% /dev/shm tmpfs 248M 0 248M 0% /sys/fs/cgroup tmpfs 248M 0 248M 0% /tmp
If we look at the first line, we can see our 20GB hard drive and roughly 18GB of that is unused. That is plenty of space to create our 512MB swap space.
Create and Enable the Swap File
We are now ready to create our swap space. We will discuss two different ways to accomplish this. First, we’ll use the “dd” command.
dd if=/dev/zero of=/swapfile bs=1M count=512
512+0 records in 512+0 records out 536870912 bytes (537 MB) copied, 1.96268 s, 274 MB/s
Let’s confirm that the file was created correctly.
ls -lh /swapfile
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 512M Jun 28 18:41 /swapfile
As you can see, we now have a 512MB file called /swapfile. Let’s try creating the swap file a different way. We’ll remove the swap file we just created so we can try again.
rm /swapfile
The “fallocate” program can create swap files faster than “dd”. As an added perk, its syntax is also easier to remember.
fallocate -l 512M /swapfile
Again, we can see that there is now a swap file of the correct size.
ls -lh /swapfile
-rw-r--r-- 1 root root 512M Jun 28 18:54 /swapfile
We now have a file in the root partition of our hard drive called “swapfile”, but we can see that the system isn’t recognizing or using it yet.
free -m
total used free shared buffers cached Mem: 494 41 453 0 1 13 -/+ buffers/cache: 25 468 Swap: 0 0 0
Right now, the file is just a regular file. We may have called it “swapfile”, but Linux does not know to use it as swap yet. We have to format it as swap and enable it.
Before we do that though, we need to complete a very important step. We need to change the permissions of the file so that only root can read and write to the file. A swap file that can be read or written to by non-root users is a very large security vulnerability. As you saw when we ran “ls”, it is currently readable by anyone on the system. Let’s change that now.
chmod 600 /swapfile
If we re-check the file, we can see that the permissions are now correct.
ls -lh /swapfile
-rw------- 1 root root 512M Jun 28 18:54 /swapfile
Now that our file is secure, we can format it.
mkswap /swapfile
Setting up swapspace version 1, size = 524284 KiB no label, UUID=61f42c98-d1ef-4f27-84c2-713c5f63d434
Finally, we can enable the file so that the system knows to begin using it.
swapon /swapfile
Let’s check to see that our file is recognized and being used.
free -m
total used free shared buffers cached Mem: 494 42 452 0 1 14 -/+ buffers/cache: 25 468 Swap: 511 0 511
Great! Our swap file is recognized and the operating system will begin using it to store data from RAM as necessary.
We aren’t done yet though. The operating system needs to know that it is safe to use this file for swap every time it boots up. We can accomplish that by editing the “/etc/fstab” file.
nano /etc/fstab
# Paste this information at the bottom of the file /swapfile none swap defaults 0 0
Tweaking Swap Settings
There are a number of things to keep in mind when using swap. Because swap space is on a hard drive, it is much slower than RAM. That means that you only want the operating system to use it when it needs to. If pages are being moved to your swap space well before you are out of RAM, you will experience a substantial slowdown in your operations.
The parameter that controls how often a system moves items out of RAM and into a swap space is known as “swappiness”. Its value can be anything between 0 and 100. With values close to zero, the kernel will choose not to swap unless absolutely necessary. With values approaching 100, the system will swap out files much earlier. This can lead to speed issues because the information must be fetched from a hard drive instead of RAM.
We can find out what our current swappiness setting by entering the following command:
cat /proc/sys/vm/swappiness
60
Our system defaults to a swappiness value of 60. This is a good default for a VPS. If we were adjusting the swappiness of a desktop, we would probably want to move it closer to 0. We can try different swappiness values using the “sysctl” command.
sysctl vm.swappiness=10
vm.swappiness = 10
We can see that the system has accepted our new value for the swappiness parameter.
cat /proc/sys/vm/swappiness
10
If we want to default this setting, we can edit the “/etc/sysctl.conf” file.
nano /etc/sysctl.conf
# Search for the vm.swappiness setting. Uncomment and change it as necessary. vm.swappiness=10
This will allow our settings to persist through reboots. Feel free to play with this parameter to achieve optimal swapping for your situation.
Another related parameter that we might want to adjust is the “vm.vfs_cache_pressure” setting. Altering the cache pressure value will change the system’s preference for keeping inode and dentry cached information over other kinds of information. This means that the operating system will retain information about the file system longer, which happens to be very costly to look up and very frequently requested. This will usually lead to a performance gain.
Again, we can check the current value by looking into the /proc directory.
cat /proc/sys/vm/vfs_cache_pressure
100
The current settings move inode information out of cache more quickly than we want it to. A cache pressure of 50 would be much better for our purposes. We can change these settings the same way as we did with swampiness.
sysctl vm.vfs_cache_pressure=50
vm.vfs_cache_pressure = 50
Again, we can make this persist through reboots by adding it to the “/etc/sysctl.conf” file.
nano /etc/sysctl.conf
# Search for the vm.vfs_cache_pressure setting. Uncomment and change it as necessary. vm.vfs_cache_pressure = 50
This makes our cache pressure configuration permanent.
2 CommentsWhile Tumblr has many flexible features for bloggers, its blogging platform lacks a native commenting feature. You can enable replies to your posts from other Tumblr users who have followed your blog for more than two weeks, but there is no built-in way for non-Tumblr users to comment at all. Disqus bridges that gap by providing a commenting script that works seamlessly with virtually all native Tumblr themes; you can quickly enable Disqus comments through your blog's settings.
Step 1
Visit the Disqus home page and click the "Add Disqus to Your Site" button. Follow the onscreen instructions to register a Disqus account, then click the confirmation link you receive in the email address you entered.
Step 2
Log in to your new Disqus account and click the "+Add" button on your dashboard. Create a site profile for your Tumblr blog by entering a name, and then selecting a desired shortname and category for your blog.
Step 3
Click the "Finish Registration" button to complete your blog's Disqus site profile, and then click the Tumblr icon. Copy the shortname displayed to your computer's clipboard.
Step 4
Log in to your Tumblr account in a separate browser tab, and visit your customization page by clicking the gear icon.
Step 5
Select the blog to which you'd like to add comments, then click the "Customize" button.
Step 6
Scroll down the customization settings and enter your Disqus shortname in the "Disqus Shortname" field.
Step 7
Click the "Save" button, then click the "Exit" button.
Step 8
Return to the browser tab with your Disqus installation instructions still open and click the blue "Verify" button to verify that you've correctly installed Disqus comments on your Tumblr blog.
Tip
- While the vast majority of native Tumblr themes include the Disqus field feature, custom themes may not include it. However, you can still manually add the code to your theme's HTML by clicking the "Edit HTML" link in your Tumblr blog's customization settings, then inserting the appropriate custom-generated code in your site's HTML (link in Resources). Click "Update Preview" to see what your site looks like with the inserted code, and click "Save" when its appearance is to your liking.
Photo Credits
- James Woodson/Digital Vision/Getty Images
Yoenis Cespedes launching long drives, Lorenzo Cain dashing to catch them. Noah Syndergaard zinging 100 mph heat... Read more
NEW YORK — Max Scherzer pitched his second no-hitter this season for Washington, striking out a team-record 17 and leading the... Read more
NEW YORK — Catcher Kevin Plawecki trotted onto the field, shook hands with umpire crew chief Jerry Meals and promptly bounced a... Read more
KISSIMMEE, Fla. — Fans at Camden Yards, Dodger Stadium and Safeco Field might need to bring a few extra screens to the ballpark on... Read more> Just added a nice feature, which is basically assigning alias(es)
> to an index. More info here:
>. One of
> the nice things one can do with this API is to create a logical name
> for an index (the alias) and then replace it on the fly to work
> against another index.
Superb! That completes a big part of the puzzle.
One thing, in the issue that you link to, you don't specify which type
of REST request that we would use for the aliasing.
ta
clint
--
Web Announcements Limited is a company registered in England and Wales,
with company number 05608868, with registered address at 10 Arvon Road,
London, N5 1PR.!!!"); } }
Method overriding makes the platform select the method implementation at runtime. What does this mean? It means that having an instance of a Dog (be it effectively a Dog instance or an instance of a Hound which is also a Dog) and calling the MakeSound method will make the JVM / CLR select the appropiate implementation irrespective of the type of the reference to that instance. Here’s a code sample that illustrates it (perfectly equivalent for both C# and Java – except the casing of the MakeSound method) :
Dog d = new Dog(); Hound h1 = new Hound(); Dog h2 = new Hound(); d.MakeSound(); h1.MakeSound(); h2.MakeSound();
The output will be
Bark. Wooofff!!! Wooofff!!!
For the d instance it is expected to have “Bark.” printed but notice how for the h2 instance, although the reference is of type Dog, the Hound implementation is used. This is because, just as I was saying above, the runtime will select the implementation for that exact instance type irrespective of the reference type.
As I promised earlier, let’s discuss a bit about the override keyword (C#) and the @Override annotation (Java). C# enforces you to use the override keyword when overriding (otherwise you would be using “method hiding” – a feature that we’ll discuss later) while Java does not. Since Java 5 the optional @Override annotation has been introduced, that you should use whenever you do overriding.
The main reason this @Override annotation is useful is that when doing an override, if you mistake the signature, the return type or even the method name the compiler will emit an error, stopping you from a potential overload instead of override. I’ve written about this before but I’ll extend the older example :
Let’s say you have a `Person` class that has an ID and a name and you want two different instances that have the same ID and name to be semantically equal. So you write the class :
public class Person { private int id; private String name; public int getId() { return id; } public void setId(int id) { this.id = id; } public String getName() { return name; } public void setName(String name) { this.name = name; } public int hashCode() { return id; } public boolean equals(Person other) { return this.id == other.id; } }
Seems legit. We even took the time to override the hashCode function along with equals, as it is a good practice (in both Java and C#) to override these as a pair. Then we go ahead and write some code that exercises this class :
Person john = new Person(); john.setId(1); john.setName("John"); List<Person> persons = new ArrayList<>(); persons.add(john); //... Person johnnyBoy = new Person(); johnnyBoy.setId(1); johnnyBoy.setName("John"); System.out.println(persons.contains(johnnyBoy));
Guess what, this will print “false” in spite of what some people might expect. The Object class (from which all class inherit directly or indirectly) contains the equals method which has a single argument of type Object and not Person. So the equals method on the Person class is not overriding but overloading. The contains method above uses the equals(Object) method which is NOT the one provided by us, which, by default, compares instances.
Let’s correct things :
public class Person { private int id; private String name; public int getId() { return id; } public void setId(int id) { this.id = id; } public String getName() { return name; } public void setName(String name) { this.name = name; } public int hashCode() { return id; } @Override public boolean equals(Object other) { return this.id == ((Person)other).id; } // In production make sure to also check for a null argument. }
Now the “testing code” will correctly print “true”. By applying @Override to equals (or any overriden method) the Java compiler will check that the provided method matches a base class overridable (non-final) method and triggers an error if the signature, name, parameter types differ or the base class method is final (“sealed” in C#).
This type of error will be less likely to appear in C# since C# developers were accustomed since the very first version to use the override keyword. They still can omit the keyword resulting in overload, but, again, it’s less likely.
A peculiar difference between Java and C# is that C# allows method hiding. This is a feature allows the inheriting class/subclass to declare a method with an identical return type, name and signature like a base class/superclass method which is sealed/final.
Such a “hiding” method will require the new keyword or else the compiler will emit a warning (not an error!). Let’s revisit our mutts :
public class Dog { public void MakeSound() // note that lacking the "virtual" keyword is equivalent to "final" in Java { Console.WriteLine("Bark."); } } public class Hound : Dog { public void MakeSound() { Console.WriteLine("Wooofff!!!"); } } // ... Dog d = new Dog(); Hound h1 = new Hound(); Dog h2 = h1; d.MakeSound(); h1.MakeSound(); h2.MakeSound();
Running this will output :
Bark. Woofff!!! Bark.
The surprise is that calling MakeSound on the h2 reference (which is of the Dog type) will invoke the Dog implementation rather than the Hound implementation even if the instance is of type Hound. Method hiding is a kind of overloading, which, we’ll see later uses early (method) binding and not late binding.
Overloading
Overloading is a language feature allowing two or more methods two have the same name but different parameter types, or a different number of parameters and maybe a different return type, be it in the same actual class or in the class hierarchy.
As we saw earlier the Person class had an equals method that accepted a single Person parameter while its base class (Object) had another method called also equals but having a single parameter of type Object.
Overloading is quite subtle both for the class producer and for the class consumer and should be used, in my opinion, with care and moderation.
Here’s another peculiarity between C# and Java, in the context of overloading. Let’s say you have a params/varargs overload along another method(s) :
C# version :
class Program { static void Main() { DoStuff(23); } public static void DoStuff(object obj) { Console.WriteLine("Single object parameter overload"); } public static void DoStuff(params int[] numbers) { Console.WriteLine("params integer array overload"); } }
Java version :
public static void main(String[] args) { doStuff(23); } public static void doStuff(Object obj) { System.out.println("Single object parameter overload"); } public static void doStuff(int... numbers) { System.out.println("params integer array overload"); }
What do you think each of the version will print upon execution? This is not intuitive. The C# will select the params (probably because the params type is closer to the type of the value passed in?) while Java will select the overload with the closest “number” of parameters, the Object overload. Take care if you port code from one language to another
Another interesting situation is when you have to lump together two or more types, part of the same hierarchy like this :
public void MakeSound(Dog dog) { System.out.println("Bark."); } public void MakeSound(Hound hound) { System.out.println("Wooofff!!!"); } Dog[] canides = new Dog[2]; canides[0] = new Dog(); canides[1] = new Hound(); for(Dog canide : canides) { MakeSound(canide); }
The compiler will make an early binding from the call at line 14 to the first overload of MakeSound (the one with the Dog parameter) irrespective of the actual type passed in. This “issue” happens irresepective of the platform (Java / .NET)
Enough for overloading and overriding for now, till the next time,
Take care and be (type)safe!
Key 2 Homes.
What are the documents you need to check before buying?
The list follows:-
a) Check for the clear land title in the favor of the builder.
b) Check the approvals from the competent authority for the project.
c) Ensure execution of proper Allotment Letter/ Builder Buyer Agreement on your payments.
d) Ensure whether reputed financial companies/ Banks approve the project.
e) Ask for Occupation/Completion Certificate.
f).
g) For re-sale property, check demand notice relating to renovation, tax dues and latest receipts of payments made towards various out-goings such as water, electricity and ground rent.
What is meant by Carpet Area, Built-Up Area & Super Built-Up Area?
The difference is defined below:-
a) Carpet area is defined as the precise area within the walls of your home. If you had to lay out a wall-to-wall carpet in your entire home, the area covered would be the carpet area.
b) Built-up area is inclusive of not just the carpet area but also the area being occupied by the walls of your home.
c) Super built-up area takes into account all the area under the common spaces which is the apartment’s proportionate share of the lobby, staircase, elevator and the corridor outside the apartment..
What is a Sale Deed?
A Sale Deed is a document prepared on the basis of previous ownership document for the transfer of property from seller to buyer, providing the buyer the absolute and undisputed ownership of property.
How much is the Registration Fees on sale of immovable property?
During the transfer of property from one to another, the stamp paper and registration fee has to be paid which is equivalent to 6 to 7.
What are the important factors that should be considered while buying a property?
Purpose of buying, budget, location, type of property, amenities and facilities nearby are the determining factors for purchase of property from an end user’s perspective. Real estate values are governed by demand and supply. The projects which see good demand normally do not see a price correction.
What is the difference between a builder floor apartment and a multi-storey apartment?
A single floor apartment is one where the builder buys a piece of land, constructs flats on each floor. The land belongs proportionately to all the buyers of single floors.
A multi-storey remains the most preferred housing units in metros and large cities today. It is a cluster of apartments in a high-rise building developed in a plot with all amenities available within a gated community.
What is your recourse in case of a delayed project?
Until the draft real estate regulation bill outlines the obligations of project delivery, buyers will have to rely on their rights laid out in their booking agreements. First and foremost, buyers should scrutinize the project and the background of the developer. In addition, an investor has the right to ask for the copies of approvals of the project, if not buying during a soft launch stage. You must ask for detailed construction schedules and negotiate for penalty clause in case of delay of project. Refunds can be claimed if a project is delayed beyond the period stipulated in the Builder Buyer Agreement by filing a case in the consumer court.
What is meant by valuation of property?. The latest transaction price of a similar property needs to be considered to arrive at the closest value of the given property.
NRI Section
REAL ESTATE LAWS FOR NRIs and PIOs
Who:
i) held an Indian Passport at any time, or
ii).
Do.
Does a NRI/PIO, requires to have a company in India or abroad or both for purchasing of property?
No.
Can NRI/ PIO's acquire or dispose residential property by way of gift?
Yes, NRIs and PIOs can freely acquire immovable property in India by way of gift either from
(i) person resident in India
(ii) NRI
(iii) PIO
However the property can only be commercial or residential.
Again NRIs and PIOs may gift residential/ commercial property to
(i) person resident in India
(ii) NRI
(iii) PIO
(iv) Foreign national of non Indian origin – with approval of RBI.
In case of repatriation is there any tax liability to the Indian Government?%
Can rental Income be repatriated?
Repatriation of income derived out of letting of immovable property is permissible. NRI/PIO can rent out the property without approval of Reserve Bank. Rent received can be credited to NRO/NRE account or remitted abroad. Powers have been delegated to the Authorized.Social Media Monday: 7 Tips to Improve Your Facebook Results
What’s the key to improving your Facebook results? Develop a real strategy for goals and audience.
The first step when you begin working with Facebook or any social media site, should be to decide how it fits in with your overall social media marketing strategy. You may decide to use Facebook to attract a new target prospect or to increase penetration in an existing market, but be sure you know the target audience you want to reach, and make sure you set measurable goals along with creating a plan for attaining them. Follow these tips from PowerSites, and you should be well on your way to better Facebook results.
Nurture and engage customers with content, games
Ensure that your Facebook page is about more than just selling your product. Of course, you’ll provide information about your products, but don’t make the page all about hard selling. Try to provide a variety of useful information that’s fun to read too. Add a downloadable app, run a simple contest, or offer coupons and deals so the customer has a reason to visit your site often.
Add photos, apps, link only updates
Make sure your page is as visually interesting as your content by including pictures or graphics. Use the occasional link only update to direct people to your primary website while still keeping your Facebook page fresh.
Analyze the value of your Facebook fans
Now that you have a following on Facebook, use analytics to uncover what each fan is worth. There should be incremental revenue or more frequent sales associated with fans. If there isn’t, go back to step one and rework your strategy. Offer coupons, prizes or giveaways that help you to measure the impact on sales from your Facebook page by directing people to your store or website to redeem the offer.
Use customer feedback to help build your brand
Even negative feedback can have a positive impact if you take the time to respond in a thoughtful way. Don’t lash out at the poster, but do make sure you get your side of the story out there. Offer to make good on the problem if you can, and you may even turn the unhappy customer into a happy one. Refer to our previous Social Media Monday blog post for more tips on how you can turn social media negativity into customer loyalty.
Reply button
Use the reply button to respond to feedback and to make sure that the poster sees your response. People feel a very real sense of connection with social media contacts, and that feeling is exactly what you want to nurture. Show your posters that you value and respect them by responding to their posts.
Mobile layout and update
With mobile device web traffic nearing 50 percent, you want to make sure that your page reacts correctly to devices. Using Facebook Mobile Layout not only helps you ensure that your site looks great, but it allows you to update from your own mobile device.
Integrate with Salesforce Social
Salesforce’s recently introduced Social.com, which allows you to create and manage campaigns with just a few clicks. Where it really sets itself apart is with its integration to Salesforce’s CRM and listening tools, where you can analyze and target prospects based on demographics or behavior in near real time.
Just follow these tips, and you will find that they lead you down a path to effective use of Facebook, and ultimately, better Facebook management.Match report from the Saturday afternoon game Carlisle had to play for over an hour with ten men following an early sending off for Hallam Hope but in the end they were disappointed not to have taken all three points as they pondered a glaring late miss from substitute Derek Asamoah.Mark Ellis was also given his marching orders as the clock ticked towards 90 minutes, having received two yellow cards, but the nine men deserved their point on what was a difficult afternoon.Cambridge brought confidence into the game and they got the ball forward quickly as they looked to impose themselves on proceedings. The United defence held its shape and kept the doors closed and that forced James Spencer to shoot from distance. Ellis got in the way to make an important block.A deep corner from Clarke found Legge on the jump at the back stick as the U's continued to go high but his downward header was hooked away by Grainger before Spencer could get a touch.United had to defend when Berry burst clear on the left flank but Joyce did well to track back and he got the slightest of touches on what was an excellent cross. Ledson was frustrated as it was diverted away from his boot.Joyce was there again when Dunk overlapped and crossed dangerously, and strong defending from Ellis and Miller in the follow up meant that Gillespie was once again protected.An already difficult afternoon became that much harder for the visitors midway through the first half when Hallam Hope lunged into a challenge on Darnell Furlong. The referee calmed things down but immediately produced a red card.The ten men reacted well and they should have taken the lead when Wyke reversed an inside pass into the area for Stacey to chase. He took a neat first touch and was a whisker away with a shot which crept under the keeper and just past the post.A determined run from Furlong at the other end took him past two challenges but his cross had too much power and Spencer was a yard away from getting a touch.The U's pushed the extra man forward and quickfire shots from Berry, Ledson and Spencer had to be smothered by some very brave defending.Home pressure levels cranked up a notch as half time approached and good one-touch play left Dunne with a clear run through the middle. Ellis covered the yards to make another goal-saving challenge.An offside flag stopped Ben Williamson’s celebrations in their tracks when he touched a Legge nod down into the net, and Spencer had Gillespie worried when he dropped a shoulder and clipped a curler at the back post. The ball dipped late but it was always heading wide.There was more bad news for the Cumbrians on the stroke of half time when Raynes fell to the floor clutching his face having headed a high ball clear. He received immediate treatment and played no further part under expert advice.Macaulay Gillesphey replaced Jack Stacey after the break as United went 3-4-2, but it was Cambridge who showed first when Furlong crossed from wide. Spencer won the header and Gillespie had to dive long to punch it away. Carlisle had spells of their own and a poor clearance from Coulson presented Joyce with an unexpected opening 25-yards out. He let one fly and Norris had to dive to beat it away.Spencer was weak and wayward with a poor shot when he was gifted space and time from a ricochet, but having soaked up everything the home side had to throw at them Carlisle were left wondering how they hadn’t got in front when a Grainger free kick spun into the air off the wall. Kennedy got there before the keeper and he quite literally put it on a plate with a lovely touch which found Asamoah just a yard off the line. The empty net gaped but the substitute leaned back and somehow lobbed his shot over the bar.Carlisle escaped punishment for their howler of a miss when Simpson beat his man only to poke a shot wide, and Berry volleyed past the upright on the stretch when a cross from Ismail invited him to have a go. Sweeney was then the hero when he cleared off the line as an almighty scramble followed a nod down from Berry, and United had to defend in numbers to preserve their point when yellow shirts flooded forward through a tense closing spell which saw Ellis red carded for a second bookable offence.+++++++BookingsCambridge - Legge (15), Furlong (73)United - Wyke (8), Grainger (69), Miller (72)Sent off - Hope (23 - straight red card), Ellis (83 & 90)+++++++TeamsCambridge United - Norris, Legge (Roberts 59), Berry, Dunk, Clark, Coulson, Dunne (Ismail 64), Spencer (Simpson 77), Williamson, Ledson, Furlong. Subs - Beasant, Omozusi, O'Neill, Williams.Carlisle United - Gillespie, Miller, Raynes (Asamoah 45), Ellis, Grainger, Stacey (Gillesphey 46), Joyce, Kennedy, Hope, Gilliead, Wyke (Sweeney 77). Subs - Hanford, Ibehre, Comley, Thompson. +++++++Referee - Mr Ben TonerAttendance - 5,806 (403 away fans) Club NewsRelated Links
- rock crushers hp300 cone crusher
- i want to buy second hand crusher
- cone crusher discharge hopper
- mobile crushers graveyard jaw crusher 150 120
- 3 feet cone crusher adjustment ring
- gyratory crusher mechanism
- cost to set up stone crusher plant in orissa
- cubicity of crusher graval
- red rinho crusher for sale
- cone crusher ft short head for sale new
- stone crusher plant system
- crusher machine for grp pipes recycling
- cone crusher rotation is much
- used stone crusher for sale uk
- coal crusher for office use
ams crusher parts indonesia
Play Car Games and Tuning Games
Crusher Tank Extreme Drif Pimp My Visi Gold Rush Ma Lumber Truck Supreme Drif Annihilator Space Maze 911 Amazing 2 Players
February 2010 – missr-jadedah.org
includes jaw crusher tin crusher machine in indonesiacrushertin crusher machine in vietnam three horse race after Olams ADM Cocoa buy:
Cone Crusher - Buy Iran crushing plant, crushers, cone rusher
2013423-Cone Crusher, view product details of Cone Crusher from Asia Mase Saz Co. manufacturer, supplier in EC21 Related Keywords:crushing plant
Crusher Parts in Indonesia | oConstructions.com - Free
Crusher Parts in Indonesia. Free Classifieds to Buy, sell and rent Crusher Parts. List of ads of Maintenance & Repair in Indonesia. Free online website
Copper Wire Recycling Machine AMS-600 products - China
AMS- 600 Copper Wire Recycling Machine Features1. The material of the Basic parts Power Voltage 600 Crusher motor 30KW 380V/50HZ Infeed blower 2
__
Montana BLK CRUSHER : : 12
(Final) - 3 - _NETSHOW
20081129-Junior Survivor / Survival Expert / Survivor Guru / Dream Crusher <Wasteland Survival Guide> <Wasteland Survival Guide>
cs cone crusher performams
Mobile Crusher Hydraulic-driven Track Mobile Plant Mobile Impact Crusher Mobile Cone Crusher K Series Mobile Crushing Plant Products Center PE Jaw Crusher
Silver Recovery (Ag) Category -- Scrap Metal Recycling
2017228-Ams Store And Shred, LLC Angel Impoexpo Pvt Recycling Carson Metal Recycling LLC Jerge's Used Auto Parts Inc. Jlamar Rec
(3)__
20111113-crusher food processor paper towel apron Indonesia Borobudur, Indonesia S
PARTIApacheTomcat5526.doc
Codeforconstructionandacceptanceofcrusherandmillequipmentinstallationengineering〖DesignspecificationforconcreteaechdamSL282–2003
Kodiak Plus K300+ Cone Crusher
Rental Fleet Info Parts Service Hot Deals Company Manufacturer KPI-JCI-AMS Model K300+ PortabilityDownload Kodiak PIus Cone Crushers Specifications
impactcrushermanufacturers
Jaw crusher work part is two jaw plates, one Rodyk draugams žymos: in Zimbabwe, Jaw Sand making machine price in Indonesia Impact
Indonesia Crusher Parts, Indonesia Crusher
Indonesia Crusher Parts, Wholesale Various High Quality Indonesia Crusher Parts Products from Global Indonesia Crusher Parts Suppliers
stone crusher dust templates
stone crusher plant project in saudi stone crusher parts suppliers in uttar AMS Anti Dust Filter - Cone crusher - Impact crusher AMS industrial group
cone crusher cs 240 video
shanghai Cone Crusher performams CS Cone Crusher, Simons Cone Crusher After Markets Parts 240 kerja Indonesia menurut . CS Series Cone
AMS Catches Macan In The Buff
Landcrusher May 15th, 2012 at 12:17 pm Tried the Q5. I was not impressedt build fast enough – and I believe digging through the parts bin a
ams crusher parts indonesia
Raymond mill Spare parts Project About Us Contact UsHome >ams crusher parts indonesia KPI-JCI & AMS Jaw Crusher Plants - highw
prenatal vitiams* - Pregnancy: Ages 18-24 - MedHelp
prenatal vitiams* mommy2be_89 So I can't swallow the presciption you can buy a really helpful gadget that is a vitamin crusher at a pharmacy
Adfd |
, Jordan University of Science & Technology, AMSEx-Im: Stone crusher plant 500+MT / Hour. Indonesia stated engaging private sector is must
Parts & Attachment Manufacturer Search - New & Used Parts &
Heavy Equipment Parts & Attachments Manufacturer Search. Search from 1000's of listings for construction equipment parts & attachments updated daily from 100'
fujiyama jaw crusher second indonesia
ams crusher parts indonesia fujiyama jaw crusher second indonesia . fujiyama gs jaw crusher – Crushing Plant – Cruher and grinder … grinding machine
indonesianandmalaysiancooking1.01.czip!3ddevelopment
! Indonesian And Malaysian Cooking 1.01.czip !3D Development Studio for Borland C++ Builder 6.07.czip !3D Development Studio for Delphi 6.07.czip !CRASS
crusher pany in ubai
Of Rough Steel Castings Machine Parts As Per Wooden Pallets & Twenty Ali Moosa & Sons Crushers in Fujairah, UAE, AMS Crusher - Zawya Feb
iran cone crusher Suppliers & Manufacturers
Iran cone crusher Suppliers & Manufacturers , include Foladsazan E Almanabadi , Aryan sang shekan , Barahoot Aria , Naghshineh , Asia Mase Saz
Zhengxin Machinery Co.,L (HK), Flat Room 701 Sino Ctr 582 592
Commodity Crusher Parts A C: Rj Sports Ams Fee Co T Hscode: 84799090 Scv: 348056 Container UACU3787601 Carrier Name UNITED ARAB SHIPPING CO SAG Vessel
ams crusher parts indonesia
Raymond mill Spare parts Project About Us Contact UsHome >ams crusher parts indonesia KPI-JCI & AMS Jaw Crusher Plants - highw
Cs cone crusher performams
cs cone crusher performamsCS cone crusher performams CS Series Cone Crusher Heavy Industry Features According to custome Related News Cone Crusher Perform
ams crusher parts indonesia
Raymond mill Spare parts Project About Us Contact UsHome >ams crusher parts indonesia KPI-JCI & AMS Jaw Crusher Plants - highw
Electric Flat Die Feed Pellet Mill - AMSPLM - Amisy (China
Model: AMSPLM Brand: Amisy Origin: Made In China Category: Industrial Feed Pellet Crusher Double Paddle Feed Mixer Dry Type Floating Fish Feed ExtruderIntermediate Partnering (Salsa)Login to rate video
- Starring:
-
- Producer:
- Level:
-
- Genre:
-
- Format:
- Running Time:
- Release Date:
- Availability:
-
Summary
In this Instructional Salsa DVD series (on 1), the talented brothers Johnny and Andres Giraldo teach you Intermediate concepts and techniques that will help you improve your Salsa dancing skills. Infused with their unique style, the video covers:
• Advanced Footwork and Timing
• Leading and Following Tips to Enhance Partner Connection
• Turn Concepts (Inside, Outside, Checks and More)
• Eight Very Cool & Challenging patterns
• And More!
This well-produced, informative DVD will not disappoint! Johnny and Andres continue to teach and perform Salsa all over the United States at the most prestigious congresses and events including dancing on stage with Sonora Carruseles, El Gran Combo and El Grupo Niche.
You may also like
Bravo Style Salsa: Beginner - The...
Salsa Timing Exercises - Disk B
American Rhythm DVIDA Gold Mambo...
Salsa Shine Patterns Volume 3
Learn to Salsa Dance, Vol. 1 (Beginners)
Salsa: Ladies, No Partner, No...
SalsaCrazy's Advanced Salsa Dance...
Dance Hot Salsa (Levels 1 & 2)
Salsa Moves for the Club - Simple...
"Nightclub Style" Salsa...
Men & Women Styling Bootcamp Vol. 1
Salsa Steals: Vol. 1
Salsa Dance Footwork and Styling
Salsa (Gold) Syllabus
New Salsa Gold Syllabus (EXCP Bronze)
"Nightclub Style" Salsa...
Member Reviews
There are no reviews yet.
Login to submit a review
Login to submit a reviewTWO Tory councillors have quit their party in a row over the leadership of Fareham Borough Council.
Fareham West Cllr Nick Gregory and Fareham North West Cllr David Whittingham resigned from the council’s Conservative group yesterday.
They are now independent councillors.
Cllr Gregory, who first defected to the Tories from the Lib Dems last year in a row over housing, said the catalyst for the resignation was comments made by council leader Sean Woodward over plans for a solar panel farm in Stubbington.
He said: ‘Cllr Woodward said it was shocking and his comment was setting a party line.’
Cllr Whittingham added: ‘It seems to me one man is leading the whole council.’
The two councillors join another independent, Cllr Jack Englefield, to form an independent group.
Cllr Woodward said: ‘It has nothing to do with leadership or solar panels.’After many of us enjoyed an extended weekend for Easter it’s back to reality now but the good news is that there is only a month to go until the next Bank Holiday.
And if you’re already thinking about where you want to go for some early May fun you’d do far worse than visit the following ten venues as at the moment they are the best nightspots in Newcastle according to Trip Advisor.
The current rankings are:
1. Boulevard, Churchill Street
The city centre cabaret haunt holds onto its place at the top of the pile. Now hurtling towards the end of its spring run, the venue will soon be getting into the summer spirit and is also famed for pulling out all the stops for Halloween and Christmas. If it’s year round high kicks and camp you’re after it’s the place to go.
It’s had 550 reviews on Trip Advisor with comments including “Best night out in Newcastle,” “Simply AMAZING!” and “Hilarious, fun, fabulous.”
And we'd agree- read our reviews of the Halloween, Christmas and spring shows as well as the Drag Idol final which Boulevard hosted in March.
2. Spot White American Pool & Snooker Club, Stowell Street
Newcastle’s China Town is famed for its great restaurants but it’s also home to this venue which is described as “a hidden gem” by many of its reviewers.
Its staff are praised for being attentive and polite and some of those who’ve written critiques have gone as far as saying it’s quite simply their favourite place in the city.
3. Crowd Posada, 31 Side
It might be one of Newcastle’s oldest pubs but the Quayside watering hole doesn’t look like losing its popularity anytime soon.
The majority of the 69 people who’ve taken time to give it feedback on Trip Advisor are full of praise. One reviewer who rates it four out of five labels the Crown Posada as “a Geordie joy,” while another who gave it a top score was impressed with its selection of real ales.
4. The Strawberry, Strawberry Place
A hugely popular calling point for many Newcastle United fans given its close proximity to St James Park, The Strawberry is a real winner judging by its glowing reviews on Trip Advisor.
One of the biggest compliments handed out by a customers is that the pub is “the second home of football,” and many others say it’s simply a must if you’re off to the match.
“Traditional” is a word that crops off in a lot of its feedback, with its staff and atmosphere also rated highly.
5. The Stand, 31 Highbridge Street
From football to comedy with the chosen venue for people in need of a laugh in the Toon.
Since opening a few years ago The Stand has played host to many household names including Hebburn stars Jason Cook and Chris Ramsey to name just two and its clearly made a fine impression on its patrons who as well as labelling its “fantastic comedy club” heap praise on its food, with one going as far as saying its serves “the best burgers in Newcastle.!
6. Hoochie Coochie, 54-56 Pilgrim Street
Another city centre venue that has had its fair share of big names through its doors. The likes of Candi Staton, Alexander O’Neal and Jocelyn Brown have all made an appearance in the last couple of years and the venue is simply “fantastic” in the words of its reviewers.
As well as being popular for its star gigs, Hoochie Coochie has also proved popular for its regular club nights.
7. The Cumberland Arms, James Place Street
Judging by its reviews on Trip Advisor, the Ouseburn pub is the place to go whether rain or shine.
One reviewer who handed it five out of five, said it was a must for a cosy pint when its snowing outside while another recommends its beer garden “full of friendly chatter” for when the sun has got his hat on.
8. Brewdog, 16 Dean Street
The city centre bar could quite easily rename it self “great beer” if its Trip Advisor feedback is anything to go by.
One reviewer gave it a quintessentially Geordie critique, praising its “really canny atmosphere.”
As well as receiving glowing reviews for its wide selection of beers, reviewers have also taken the time to comment on the board games offered up as an added bonus.
9. MSA, Hood Street
While its only had 28 reviews to date, MSA has done enough to land a place in the current Trip Advisor top 10 as nearly all of them have been top notch.
“Best bar in the city,” is a complement bestowed on the night spot by a number of its reviewers while others refer to it as “a hidden gem,” and another while summing it up says: “Innovative, contemporary and most importantly amazing cocktails!”
10. The Bodega, 125 Westgate Road
Great is a word that crops up in many of the reviews written about the Real Ale pub.
A customer who handed it five stars goes as far as saying The Bodega is “truly one of Newcastle’s great pub,” while another begins their review “Friendly bar, great beer.”North Fort Myers Real Estate for Sale - Houses Condos Property Search
Displaying up to 10 properties on this page. Total Search Results in this Category: 647
MLS ID: 216018694
Bedrooms: Bathrooms:
Sq/Ft: 0 Year built:
Description: READY TO Build on your RIVERFRONT Lot, Already Filled & waiting for you to construct your Dream HOME in a neighborhood of 1 million dollar Plus Estate Homes, with 112... read more
MLS ID: 217077463
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 1998 Year built: 2017
Description: GULF ACCESS highly upgraded new home built in 2017, 3 bedrooms plus den and 2 full baths in gated community. Oversized 15,760 sq ft lot with gulf access and new... read more
MLS ID: 217026797
Bedrooms: 4 Bathrooms: 4
Sq/Ft: 3493 Year built: 2014
Description: 5 Mins to the Downtown Ft Myers Hot Spots, Friendly Secure Gated Gulf Access Community, Lush Landscaping, Private Gulf Access lot with access to water and your boat from your... read more
MLS ID: 217072090
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 1334 Year built: 1998
Description: NOT a Short Sale, NOT a bank owned property. Can Close IMMEDIATELY!!! Ready to retreat you your own sanctuary?? Home is sitting on 10 beautiful acres of land with a... read more
MLS ID: 218002602
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 2065 Year built: 1971
Description: PICTURE PERFECT! ~ Multigenerational home! Quiet country setting and a beautiful rustic inspired home on 1.3 acres with a pool. The main home is 3 bdrm or 2 bdrm plus... read more
MLS ID: 217057396
Bedrooms: 3 Bathrooms: 2
Sq/Ft: 1983 Year built: 2013
Description: Waterfront!! Boatfrom your new, private dock, down the canal to the river, to enjoy fishing or dining at nearby waterfront restaurants. Or enjoy lazy days by your private pool. Enjoy... read more
_8<<Children’s playhouse in the garden or backyard: 2 inspiring examples of kids playhouses in details.
Here we offer an original solution for those, who would like to construct such children’s playhouse in the garden or backyard. » Read more
Here we offer an original solution for those, who would like to construct such children’s playhouse in the garden or backyard. » Read more
This topic is very close to the sea theme, but we put it on a separate publication, while our opinion is that there are few reason for the popularity of this topic among the boys:
– A wave of interest to the movie Pirates of Caribbean with an incredibly popular character Jack Sparrow (and, therefore, this interest continues)
– Second, the boys always like to look like a hero
– Third, and it is really simple – fully positive and totally perfect heroes are not of a big interest and don’t inspire confidence in their ideal. » Read more
French company Vibel is not limited only by supplying of furniture for children’s rooms. Unlike most of its competitors, they are creating and assembling interiors from A to Z. » Read more. » Read more
This article touchs the history of this fantastic company producing furniture for children, it shows also some great examples of arranging the whole room with complete set of furniture, decor, linens etc. 4 young girl rooms described and more than 60 photos are available. » Read more
Baby-Boy Children Room in Cowboy, Wild-Wild-West Style
» Read more
Kids Room in Marine and Pirates Style. Interior Decor in Marine and Pirates Children Room Interior
» Read more
Kids room in Dinosaurs style. Wall Paintings and Decor in Dinosaur styled children room interior
» Read more
Kids room in Indian Style
» Read more
Kids room aircraft airplane interior ideas
» Read more
Nice Fashioned designed baby boy room
» Read moreOur Ambulance Services
Reliable & Trusted Ambulance Services
Highly sophisticated hospital on wheels fitted with all latest life saving equipments for medical transfers National and International.
Contact now
+91-965-096-0348
+91-989-123-3040
Do you need a quality ambulance service that you know you can trust in?
Then you know that you have made the right choice by coming to our team.
Road Ambulance Services
Our armada of vehicles consists of scaled down vans and full-size vans that serve any therapeutic crisis in the ideal way. We offer all methods of transportation for crisis and non-crisis conditions.
LEARN MORE
Air Ambulance
Services
Air is the fastest method of transporting critically ill patients from one medical facility to another. Everything from Peace of Mind to Passenger Comfort is incorporated into our Quotation.
LEARN MORE
Rail Ambulance
Services
Rail is fabricated with one intention to ensure safe and cost effective rail transportation of critically ill patients and for general population dwelling in the zones with poor medicinal centers.
LEARN MORE
Emergency Medical Assistance
We provide full ICU reinforcement in medical Emergency, restorative help and rescue vehicle benefits that suit the necessities of individual and association for all occasions.
LEARN MORE
We can work with you to make sure that you get priority access to the finest quality of air ambulance services, rail ambulance services and even road ambulance services around in all parts of India and Abroad, not to mention that we are completely authorised with Sir Ganga Ram hospital. We can offer services with the Fortis group of Hospitals, the Artemis Hospital, the Medicity Hospital and even the Apollo Hospitals as well. We can also work with you to make sure that you are comfortable with the service that you have been given. The transportation methods that we offer from smaller than usual vans to full-size vans all depends on the health of the patient and this also includes the medical equipment like that we use at the time as well. We have specialised doctors, ICU specialists, experienced staff and more. With years of experience in the industry and skilled drivers who are more than qualified, you know that our paramedics will work around the clock to give you the service that you need.
Our affiliation with the top healthcare services around help us to ensure that we can give you the best service and we can even offer you post hospitalisation if this is something that you require as well so you know that you can count on us to give you the service you need, when you need it. We can respond to critical conditions in restricted time and we can even work with you to make sure that you are in the best care at all times. Contact us today if you want to find out more about what we can do for you as well as finding out how we can be of assistance to you.
Call Life Savers Ambulance For Transferring The Patients Safely And Comfortably
Offering comprehensive Air, Rail Ambulance Services, and the Road Ambulance Services, Life Savers ambulance has changed the traditional approaches in the ambulance services. The services from this provider have transformed the ambulance service from a mere transportation system to a full-fledged mobile medical care unit.
Life Savers Ambulance operates on 24/7 basis and it has got the complete framework to transfer the patient safety from one to point to another. This provider is capable enough to handle the local, interstate as well as the international transfers. The provider offers modern ambulances that feature comprehensive life support and ICU facilities and patients are accompanied by doctors during the course of the transit. No matter the patients need the road ambulance or the rail and air ambulance services, the service provider ensures that the passages mature safely and patients are transferred in a comfortable and convenient style.The latest product available for review is here!
500 applicants will be randomly selected to use and review Kleenex Original Mini!
You’ll need to confirm your email to get started.
Already a member?
Applying for this product is easy!
Applying for this product is easy!
Click the EXPLORE tab at the top of the page, then choose TEST PRODUCTS. You’ll see this product and you can apply there! If you want to increase your chances of being selected, make sure you have completed your Toluna profile! It also helps if you are active on their website; post a poll, go answer a few as well! They prefer to select active participants! You have priority if you are active on the Community, meaning you regularly answer surveys and you create content, such as polls!
Good Luck!
Speak Your MindA look into how a certain blend of ingredients got its nickname. By Alexander Alusheff.
Several Lansing eateries are poised for national exposure next month on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives."
The Food Network show's host Guy Fieri spent a few days filming footage locally this week, making stops at Capital City BBQ, Eastside Fish Fry & Grill, Meat Southern B.B.Q. & Carnivore Cuisine and Zaytoon.
It looks like they're set to join 10 other Michigan restaurants featured on "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" in the decade it's been on the air.
What advice do their owners and staff have for newbies to the experience? First, be ready for more customers.
"His (Fieri's) fan base is enormous," said Joe Bristol, owner of Joe's Gizzard City in Potterville.
The restaurant, less than 20 miles south of Lansing, was featured on Fieri's show in the fall of 2007, less than a year after the show debuted on television. The segment introduced viewers all over the country to Bristol's deep-fried chicken gizzards - and after it aired they showed up at Joe's to try them.
RELATED STORIES:
Food show host Guy Fieri rolls out of town after filming in Lansing
Envie offers modern fare with a French flare
Sam Short's newest restaurant, the Dolson, to open in Charlotte
Business spiked by as much as 40% over the next two years, Bristol said. He hired a handful of additional employees to keep up but admits he wasn't as prepared as he should have been.
"People were routinely waiting outside the door," Bristol said. "Lines of people, and they were coming from other states. When it got packed, it took an hour to serve someone a plate of french fries."
In the years that followed, that customer surge quieted, he said, but around 10% of it has stuck around. The "Triple D burger," a deep-fried hamburger Bristol added to the menu after Fieri visited is still among Joe's "biggest sellers" 10 years later.
Carolyn Howard owns Traffic Jam & Snug in Detroit with her husband, Scott Lowell. Fieri's show aired a segment on the restaurant, the state's first brew pub that boasts a small dairy operation and roof-top herb garden, in 2011.
More: 'Crack chicken' is a Lansing trademark
It came at the right time, Howard said. Business had been suffering thanks to a recession.
"We know we were lucky to be featured when we were," she said. "We had people from all over the country visit after it aired."
That included a visitor from New York City, who told restaurant staff he'd flown to Detroit simply to have lunch there. "He ate at the bar, we gave him a tour of the place and he had to go back to the airport to catch his flight."
Howard said accommodating more people wasn't a stretch either. The restaurant is big enough to seat 400. They hired a dozen more staff and retain them today.
The increase in customers wasn't a one-time effect.
Re-runs featuring the Detroit restaurant air "fairly regularly," Howard said, and when they do business increases.
"The return is phenomenal," she said. "They champion mom and pops. It's a wonderful, wonderful premise for a T.V. show."
But Howard cautioned that new restaurant owners featured by Fieri need to keep in mind what's spotlighted from their menu.
"Feature an item that you're willing to make for the next 15 years," she said. Traffic Jam & Snug's staff have served up "hundreds and hundreds" of the two items Fieri featured from its menu in the last six years.
Rich Magner said seven minutes of air time went a long way in aiding traffic at his Ann Arbor restaurant, Krazy Jim's Blimpy Burger.
The eatery, known for it's extensive burger menu, was featured in a 2008 episode. Four years later the business moved to a new location in the city's downtown.
Magner said customers who saw the restaurant on Food Network still find them, coming through the doors and mentioning their appearance on the show.
"It definitely has helped business," he said. "In fact, in some ways, it's actually changed the business a little bit. People show up because of it (the show). It still happens nearly 10 years later."
Howard said she watches the show as often as she can and wishes only the best for other eateries featured. The restaurant business is tough, she said, and "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" gives those that are locally-owned an advantage they need.
Howard would welcome Fieri back to her restaurant without hesitation.
"But they haven't called yet," she said. "We're still waiting."
Contact Rachel Greco at (517) 528-2075 or rgreco@lsj.com. Follow her on Twitter @GrecoatLSJ.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsIf You Enjoy RuneScape Levels
RuneScape Levels can be lots of fun! Wizard101 also has lots of wonderful Levels features. RuneScape has interesting Levels features that have been very successful. This game gives players a unique experience with Levels excitement. RuneScape Levels lets you experience RuneScape in a whole new way. If you enjoy RuneScape.So I get more involved, I work on getting healthier, I work on finding that balance ... juggling all the aspects of living life and still trying to "smell the flowers" ... and well something has to give and it has been my writing of late. The list of places, experiences, products, foods, restaurants, cooking and recipes and so on, continues to grow ... I honestly admire those like Gluten Free Edmonton who blog on such a regular basis, we are out here and we are reading - thank you.
I took the plunge and found a dedicated family doctor - I have to say she still came as a recommendation from a friend, and I just lucked out that this doctor is in my area and she was accepting new patients. I have been going to a Medi-centre since I moved to Edmonton - almost 12-13 years ago - the same one true, but not seeing the same doctor, and if I had issues always having to follow up with different doctors at the centre, and never getting a true picture when I do ~ as they read your file, results, history all in a matter of 5 minutes while they are standing there, not knocking these doctors - their days must be so long, and really it is in the hands of the individual what kind of care you need, and for many years before I was diagnosed - seeing a doctor one or twice a year if I needed a prescription or some antibiotics for something did fine. Medi centres are not set up to service someone who has Celiac Disease - but I am grateful they are the ones that caught it and therefore took the steps to refer me to a gastroenterologist and get my life as being a Celiac under way. So all the transferring of files, getting the new doctor familiar with me, my body and my health ~ took some time and effort, tests to go for and such, but in the end I am in a pretty good state - physically health wise, need to work on the stress issues (the "stop and smell the flowers and take some time for me" stuff) and I am on the right track. It was really interesting to read through some of the reports over the last years as well, who knew that at any time I could have requested a copy of my own medical file (provided I wanted to pay for it) and actually read about things like test results, and letters from the gastro to the Medi Centre ~ who knew that it wasn't a strange thing to get a copy of blood work results?! And even better to have a doctor now that goes over it with me, so I know what I am reading and where I should be in terms of levels. Just saying I think even this small step has helped the "stress" levels of life ... yes ... we can not control that we have Celiac Disease, but we do have the power and control to understanding, treating, and healing what damage there may be. Who ever thought I would have been happy to hear that my villi have healed and if I keep to my gluten free way of life my insides will be healthier? Or that I would even know what "villi" even were haha. Celiacs are more effective in being healthier with information.
My guy and I recently signed up for a two evening workshop called "Happy Tummy Digestion Workshop" with Dr. Melanie Robinson - held at Amaranth Whole Foods Market - we have completed the first evening of the two evening workshop and I am looking forward to the completion. The first evening Dr. Robinson, who is a practicing Dr. of Naturopathic Medicine at the Optimum Wellness Clinic ~ explained more about the Naturopathic Medicine, gave some history about herself ~ and then a short presentation on the digestion system in it's entirety ~ it was long enough to be full of information, and give you a desire to find out more and short enough that it did not drag on a work night evening week. We spent a few minutes shopping in the Amaranth Whole Food Market afterwards, they have a great selection of gluten free items - which are mostly marked with a defining colored sticker so things are easy to find. :) Next weeks workshop is on the "Leaky Gut Syndrome" ~ a topic I have been meaning to do more research on, so it will be a good workshop.
Doctors and Workshops ... Information ... good. course, this method of planning is quite relative, but you will understand it better when you discover the adventurers of Jack Reacher on the pages of Lee Child’s books.
Remember, with you will never have any writing problems. Don’t hesitate to leave your ”write my essay for me” request to our specialists and use the advantages of our essay writing service because tomorrow it may already be too late.US.
You would think that at least the Brits would have learned from the results of their last experiment interfering in American politics.
Sometimes you gotta wonder if the BBC understands Americans at all...or basic human psychology for that matter?
That's probably way too nuanced for 'em.
UPDATE: Check this out: "The World's Verdict Will Be Harsh if the US Rejects the Man it Yearns For". Give me a freakin' break.
Mark Steyn has this to say:
...having decided to elect him President and Community Organizer-in-Chief, the World will not be happy if those hopelessly parochial Yank knuckledraggers decline to endorse the World's decision as to who should govern them and their ghastly backwater. Already, there are awful mutterings from The Guardian:The World's Verdict Will Be Harsh If The US Rejects The Man It Yearns For
You mean economic sanctions? Expulsion from the Olympics? Moving the Oscars to Belgium?
LOL.Related Links
- calcite powder manufacturing plant layout
- milling machines used to make powder
- bentonite powder manufacturing process
- process of manufacturing gypsum powder
- coal gangue powder mill
- barytes powder grinding machine
- cocoacake grinding machine in to powder form
- antimony ore crusher powder mill
- mixing and crushing powder
- 2 micron mica powder rates
- chromite powder in ball mill
- separation powder in mill grinding mill
- grinding powder ball mill jobs
- barytes powder manufacturing procedures pdf
- cryogenic powder grinding metal alloy
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
Mill, Vertical Grinding Mill Suppliers and Manufacturers
Tags: Chalk Mining Equipment | Chalk Vertical Rollerhammer crusher raymond vertical grinding mill for Sale | Lime Mill Manufacturer | Quartz Grinding
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
main products : hammer crusher , hammer mill , micro powder grinding mi
【】.doc
crushedstone? crusher? crushing Frenchchalk? Frenchwindow? manualmodeoperation? manufacturer'
50542.doc
crushedstone ???crusher ???crushingstrengthFrenchchalk ???Frenchwindow ???freonmanualmodeoperation ???manufacturer'sinstru
– -
201745-Major equipment: mixer, automatic chalk line,granulating crusher, rinsing machine, environmentalFood processing technology: the powder
50432.doc
crushedstone? crusher? crushing Frenchchalk? Frenchwindow? manualmodeoperation? manufacturer'
.docx
freightyardFrenchchalkFrenchwindowplastergyratorycrushergyratorymodeoperationmanufacturer'sinstruction
Working Procedure |
belt conveyor into the jaw crusher for crushing, What does a Manufacturer get if they work objectives and chalked out methodologies to perform
online shopping sites china,0 china manufacturers
0 packaging machine manufacturer in turkey,powder packaging machine manufacturersJuice Squeeze Machine juicer with crusher /fruit juicer machines,blen
Heavy Machinery Manufacturers,Heavy Machinery Exporters,
Crusher View Products Get Quotes Ultrasonic Machines View Products Get Quotes Fully Automatic Paper Cup Making Machine View Products Get Quotes Ancillary
chalk powder roll crusher manufacturer
Home > Products > Mining Equipment Product Center Beneficiation Equipment Crushing Equipment Grinding Equipment Screening & Washing Feeding & Conveying Mobil
【】()51_
20151121-harrow clod crusher tractor commercial transaction , manufacturer blackboard (a piece of) chalk
Chalk Powder - Chalk Powder Manufacturers, Suppliers
Chalk Powder ☆ Find 116 chalk powder products from 65 manufacturers & suppliers at EC21. ☆ Choose quality chalk powder manufacturers, suppliers &
Talc Price, Talc Price Suppliers and Manufacturers at Alibaba
Tags: French Chalk Powder | French Chalk Powder In Talc | French Chalk PowderTags: Talc Manufacturer | Chinese Talc Manufacturer | Talc Manufacturer Low
(C)___
2007112-certificate of manufacturer certificatechalk , chamber ,;, change drugcrusher , crushing clam
News_Grinding Mill,Grinding Equipment,Stone Grinding Machine,
Jaw crusher Mineral Grinding Mill Chalk Powder Grinding Mach Activated Carbon Grinding Titanium dioxide micro pow Sandstone grinding machine Scoria rock micr
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
Mobile Jaw Crusher PEW Jaw Crusher Raymond Mill Poject 150-200TPH Cobble Crushing Plant Andesite Crushing Plant In I
20.17.20.19.
powder bag type accumulator crusher ball inclinometer ball chalk chalmersite chalybite
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
chalk powder crusher manufacturer Chalk Powder Carrier Coal Equipment;Manufacturer of industrial mining equipment including coal
84788.doc
Frenchchalk Frenchwindow freon(gyratorycrusher gyratorytraffic Hmanufacturer'sinstruction mappingsurvey
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
chalk powder crusher manufacturer China Chalk Powder Making Machine/Chalk Grinding Machine . China Chalk Powder Making Machine/Chalk Grinding Machine/Chalk Mi
__
2013926-French chalk French window freon gyratory crusher gyratory traffic Hmanufacturer's instructions
Technical English(or other languages) Forum
2007327-dry powder type fire extinguisher dryerFrench chalk French window freon gyratory crusher gyr
chalk powder crusher manufacturer
chalk powder crusher manufacturer where to buy chalk jaw crusher in niger. Mobile Crusher. The mobile crushing plant has the a
CivilEngineeringGlossary.doc
Chalk ChalkBrush chamber;crudepetroleum crushedstone crusher crushingmanufacturer'sinstruction mappings
.doc
crusher crushingstrength crystalFrenchchalk Frenchwindow freon(manufacturer'sinstructions mappingsurvey
Tag Pages 23 - ThisNext
Food & Beverage Fitness Health DIY Entertainment Gadgets College Travel Pets Eco Kids Toys Gear Baby Toddler Boys Men Accessories Bags Grooming Outer
Different Crushers Used in Chalk Crushing Processing line
In the chalk crushing processing line, people can choose different kinds crushing equipment according to different requirements. Our company can provide jaw
Dictionary | (Industry Glossary) | Page 5
344 double-cone crusher 345 double-282 certificate of manufacturer(C/M) 305 chalk 306 chalkstone 、 307
_()
2015831-powder baking varnish balance chalk chalking chalybite chambercone crusher configuration