
I… Read Full Review
Written on: 01/10/2010
They are probably one of the worst i have used so far. I was using focus dailies but they were getting dried out so i used these ones. But they just dont sit on the eyes!! I have been using contacts for last 10 yrs so i am not a new user who couldnt put the contact on the lens properly. i tried several of them, dont work. They may have more moisture, but to see that they have to sit properly on the lens!!… Read Full Review
Written on: 29/08/2010
As a new wearer of contacts and someone that has been diagnosed with dry eyes, the optican recommended that I use acuvue moist lenses. I've been wearing them for a week and I've found them to be super comfortable. After about 5 minutes of wearing them, I can't even tell that they are in. I've been able to wear them for prolonged periods with no irritation… Read Full Review
Written… Read Full Review
Written… Read Full Review
Written on: 02/06/2009 by JaclynChan (2 reviews written)
1 Day Acuvue Moist has pros and cons. The contact lenses are comfortable during wear. But it always stings my eyes upon putting it on. After about 2 mins and a few times blinking, then the sting goes away.
However there was this one time I tried wearing the contact lens to shower, and had extreme difficulty taking them out after the shower. It was almost like pulling my eyeball out. The suction power is too high!
Previously I used other brand, and also wear it to shower and had no problem… Read Full Review
Written… Read Full Review
Written on: 30/08… Read Full Review
Written on: 16/07/2008 by greenious (1 review written)… Read Full Review
Written on: 28/11/2007 by indecisive (91 reviews written)
1 Day Acuvue Moist are a better contact lense than their predecessor. They are comfortable and don't affect your eyes as much if you accidentally forget to take them out over night!!! Once they are in place, which admittedly can take a while to happen you can pretty much forget they are their.
For the money they are great value, and can be ordered online easily and a lot more competitively priced than high street retailers.
I would, and have recommended these to many friends… Read Full Review ... " Michael B. Jordan: Dubai International Film Festival 2013
Michael B. Jordan attends the premiere of his new film Fruitvale Station during the 2013 Dubai International Film Festival held at the Madinat Jumeriah Complex on Monday night (December 9) in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
The 26-year-old actor kept it dapper in Louis Vuitton, with Christian Louboutin shoes.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Michael B. Jordan
“Didn’t sleep on the at all! Just touched down in #Dubai w/ @SteeloBrim @Jus_Chad #DubaiFilmFestival2013,” he tweeted a few days earlier while arriving in the country.
Mike attended a number of events for the festival already, including the Opening Night Gala, the 2013 IWC Schaffhausen FOR THE LOVE OF CINEMA IWC Filmmakers Award event, and his very own portrait session. Check out all those pics in the gallery!
25+ pics inside…
Posted to: Michael B JordanHigh School Students Measure New Value for Earth’s Radius to Celebrate World Physics Year
Of course, no one is claiming the size of Earth has actually changed. "Most of the data submitted was remarkably good," said Jennifer Fischer, the APS project leader. "It is nice to see that measurements taken by so many groups, sometimes in less than ideal conditions, came so close to the right answer."
The data were submitted by high school classes all around the US, as well as some in Canada and Mexico, working in pairs. Each pair measured the angle of the sun, in the same way that the Greek philosopher Eratosthenes did more than 2000 years ago in Alexandria, Egypt–by comparing the length of an object to the length of its shadow, measured at local noon.
Eratosthenes made his measurement on the summer solstice, and had the additional knowledge that on that day the sun was directly overhead at a location a known distance south of Alexandria, on the Tropic of Cancer. This enabled him to compute the Earth’s radius. In the current experiment, each pair of high schools used the known north-south distance between them and the angle of the sun at each location to determine the radius.
For various reasons, about one-sixth of the schools were unable to work with their assigned partner school, but they did the measurement anyway, on the vernal equinox, using the knowledge that the sun is directly overhead at the equator on that date.
"The Eratosthenes Project really gets kids to think in a special way," Fischer said. "Most kids learn in school that the Earth is round, but they never really picture it in their heads as if they were in outer space. This project forces you to imagine the solar system as if looking down on it from the outside. Learning to think imaginatively and creatively like this is an important part of physics."
Rebecca Messer, a physics teacher in Northfield, Minnesota, wrote in an email "My students were thrilled to be part of this experiment and were very diligent in their measurements. We ran 5 stations; they each used a level to plant their dowel and to level the horizontal when they measured the shadow lengths."
The class of physics teacher Brent McDonough in Edmonton, Alberta, had two US partners, one in Henderson, Nevada and the other in Calexico, California. "We had a great time working with all three schools and have even exchanged email photos of each class and posted them on our school website with a report of the project," McDonough said.
The project’s influence has spread to the southern hemisphere. An Argentine physicist, Silvia Ponce Dawson, writes "I’ve found the Eratosthenes project that you’ve launched on the occasion of the World Year of Physics really fascinating and I would like to have it done in my country too." As a first step, she has translated the APS teacher’s guide for the project into Spanish.
Participating students each received a World Year of Physics pin, and their classes received a commemorative certificate. More details of the project, including the teacher’s guide and a map showing the distribution of participating US schools, can be found on the World Year of Physics website.Recently named number 1 on Maxim’s 2012 Hot 100 List, Bar Refaeli makes the cover of the latest issue. The supermodel showing off her natural talents in lingerie from the likes of 3.1 Philip Lim, Kiki de Montparnasse and others in Maxim’s September 2012 issue. A few tips for the fellas from Bar: be yourself and don’t forget to floss. See the full shoot in our gallery.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8470604276410220159.post369463172016447905..comments2015-03-29T23:09:41.018-04:00Comments on The Vault of Horror: VAULTCAST! Exclusive Interview w/Best-Selling Dark Fantasy & Paranormal Fiction Writer Leanna Renee Hieber!B-Sol, I heart her too! :-) And Kristine, I can c...Katie, I heart her too! :-)<br /><br />And Kristine, I can confirm that she is indeed a passionate and dedicated writer. Thanks for listening!B-Sol everybody in the world were to simultaneously w...If everybody in the world were to simultaneously watch "Poltergeist 3" i wonder if it would bring Heather O`Rourke back to life ?.jervaise brooke hamsternoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8470604276410220159.post-75686721307917076862011-11-17T03:52:31.753-05:002011-11-17T03:52:31.753-05:00I hadn't heard of her before, but since I'... :)Kristine heart Leanna so much :)I heart Leanna so much :)KB/KT Grant>>
11 months ago by Joseph Laliberte
Ob-la Di, Ob-la Da 00:00 → 00:30
4 years ago by Michelle Brown
Ob-la Di, Ob-la Da 00:26 → 00:56
4 years ago by Lacey Brooks
Recent app creations...
00:00→00:301 year ago
00:00→00:403 years ago
00:26→00:563 years ago
00:00→00:303 years ago
00:26→00:563 years ago
Lyrics For "Ob-la Di, Ob-la Da"
Desmond has a barrow in the marketplace
Molly is the singer in a band
Desmond says to Molly girl I like your face
And Molly says this as she takes ...
View more... hosted a webinar, "Identifying and Treating Maternal Depression: Strategies & Considerations for Health Plans" on December 9th. This webinar explored the prevalence of maternal depression and the current state of screening for perinatal and postpartum depression. It included a discussion of the recent recommendations from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) and the American Psychiatric Association (APA) for the treatment of women with depression during pregnancy. The role of primary care providers in identifying and managing postpartum depression was also discussed and a web-based training program to educate providers on screening, diagnosis, treatment and referral for postpartum depression was shared. Finally, the session highlighted a current health plan program to identify and manage depression during pregnancy and coordinate care following a depression diagnosis to ensure healthy pregnancies and deliveries.
Please CLICK HERE for more information including speaker presentations and an audio archiveFLINT TWP, MI, -- Several middle school students got off a bus as they were being brought home and waited on another bus for parents to pick them up after a "verbal altercation" between two students during the Tuesday bus route home, school officials said.
Superintendent Steven Tunnicliff said he was unsure how many students got off the bus, whether they did by themselves or whether they were given permission by the driver.
"If a kid gets off a bus ... we consider it not following our expectations or rules," he said.
The bus stopped on Tuesday afternoon, May 6, as it was in the process of dropping off students from Carman-Ainsworth Middle School near Flushing and Mill roads, Tunnicliff said.
"My understanding is the bus driver pulled to the side in case there was going to be a fight," he said.
Although an investigation is still ongoing, Tunnicliff said it appears that several students got off the bus and a second bus was called to pick them up. He added he was uncertain if those students were upset about the altercation or something else.
"What I do know, from the bus driver's communication, is that a second bus followed up to provide support," he said.
The second bus picked up several students, although some may have called their parents for a ride, and Tunnicliff was unsure if any walked home.
He couldn't comment on if any students were suspended or the status on the bus driver during the investigation.
"The situation isn't normal and so we're investigating it," he said.W.H. lacks slick spokesperson
Text Size
- -
- +
- reset.!Alexander Nazaryan
You’re 100% Wrong About Premixed CocktailsFancy drinks in bottles aren’t just for winos anymore.
New York City Would Really Rather Not Talk About Its Slavery-Loving PastNew York City was a place that facilitated bondage while preaching freedom.
The Last (or at Least Looniest) Newspaper in AmericaDeep in the twisted heart of Northern California, the "Anderson Valley Advertiser" makes a thrilling case for old-fashioned print journalism.
Sim Bhullar’s Long Road to SacramentoThe NBA’s first Indian player has plenty to prove to skeptics, teammates and fans.
Fighting to Reclaim the Future of Oakland's Young Black MenA unique program for black boys in the East Bay lights a way out of the ghetto.
You’re 100% Wrong About: PrivacyBreak your gadgets if you want to keep Facebook, Twitter and Google from handing over your information.
T.C. Boyle's Retreat Into California's RedwoodsBoyle’s new novel, "The Harder They Come," plays out violently amidst the thick redwood forests of far northern California.
Hanya Yanagihara Does It Her WayHanya Yanagihara is one of America’s most exciting young novelists, in large part because she refuses to hew to convention.
The Bad News About Good NewsThe happy-fication of digital journalism is so cute. And so dangerous.
‘The Hunting Ground’ Gives a Harrowing Look at College RapeA new documentary damningly documents the epidemic of college rape, in all its pervasive horror.
The City of Fallen Angels and 'Ghettoside: A True Story of Murder in America'Black-on-black crime makes Los Angeles a cauldron of ghetto-cide.
It’s Time to Bid Farewell to the FratResponding to years of bad press, Dartmouth’s president has banned hard liquor on campus. It’s a bold move, but it doesn’t go nearly far enough.
Hello, Boredom, My Old FriendA radio series argues that our endless digital distractions stymie serious thought and creativity.
Fun With Conspiracy Theories: Did the Chernobyl Disaster Cover Up Something Even Worse?A documentary that premiered at Sundance sheds an eerie light on a possible cause for the Chernobyl nuclear disaster.
Hacking the NovelLately, the novel has started to tilt toward oblivion. Is a restoration possible?
'American Sniper' and the Soul of WarClint Eastwood’s American Sniper shows we can all learn a profound lesson from the most lethal sharpshooter in U.S. military history.
To Live and Die in GitmoThe military brass says three detainees simultaneously killed themselves. A decorated soldier who saw what he wasn’t supposed to see believes it was something much, much worse.
The Turbulent Genius of David Foster WallaceA new book from David Foster Wallace, six years after his death, revives the debate about his greatness...and why so many otherwise smart readers can’t see it.
NYPD Back-Turning Protests Continue at Funeral for Slain OfficerOn a rainy Sunday, thousands of fellow officers, colleagues, onlookers and family joined to remember Officer Wenjian Liu.
CIA Torture Report's Abu Zubaydah Surprised the Truth Came OutOnce thought to be a top Al-Qaeda lieutenant, he’s mentioned 1,000 times in the Senate report on “enhanced interrogation techniques.”Below is the poem entitled The Dove's Softly Cooing which was written by poet
Sara
Kendrick. Please feel free to comment on this poem. However, please remember, PoetrySoup is a place of encouragement and growth.
Read Poems by
Sara
Kendrick
Best
Sara Kendrick
Poems
The Dove's softly cooing early this morn
Crickets their love songs tenderly singing
While the sun rest behind clouds newborn
The Dove's softly cooing
Out on the porch in a chair well-worn
The cat lies content at peace just resting
Soon the birds of summer will be airborne
She'll not find any birds then nesting
Some will leave only to be seen next spring
In the moment pleasure comes from sounds newborn
The Dove's softly cooing
There is a powerful bit of difference in having to write something
And having something to write..
SaraRaul
04-02-2004, 01:03 PM
Attached is just my current prediction based on teams signed up right now and based on the same system I think they used last year. It is just a prediction which is likely to change if more teams are added and/or they use a different system.Hangzhou Luxury hotels
Find quality luxury hotels in Hangzhou through HotelClub and get more rewards from our membership program. Choose from the 17 discounted luxury accommodation found in Hangzhou. Hangzhou luxury hotels are also well known for their Location and Room comfort.
-)
17 Luxury hotels in Hangzhou
1 Pins De La Brume Hotel
Points by Sheraton Hangzhou Binjiang
Four Points by Sheraton Hangzhou Binjiang Hotel is situated overlooking the Qian Tang River. This property has easy access to hi-tech development district and downtown. This hotel is located... More
5 New Century Resort Qiandao Lake Hangzhou
Escape to the ultimate relaxation with fresh air, green plants, or the complete nature at the New Century Resort Qiandao Lake, which is a real paradise with its breathtaking scenery, Hawaii... More
6 Four Seasons Hangzhou at West Lake
Set in a quaint lakeside village, Four Seasons Hotel Hangzhou At West Lake provides top-notch service. Guests are pampered with modern conveniences such as salon services, gift shop and currency... More
7 JW Marriott Hotel Hangzhou
Amidst the busy streets of Hangzhou, JW Marriott Hotel Hangzhou offers great service and amenities and close proximity to tourist attractions such as West Lake, Wilin Square, Xixi National Wetland... More
8 Landison Longjing Resort Hangzhou
Landison Longjing Resort Hangzhou China is nestled quietly amongst the beautiful Longjing Tea plantation. The resort's charming architecture and uncluttered interiors undoubtedly attracts visitors... More
9 Sheraton Hangzhou Wetland Park Resort
Sheraton Hangzhou Wetland Park Resort is a modern and welcoming accommodation in Zhejiang that provides modern amenities and relaxing ambience for business and leisure travellers. While exploring... More
10 InterContinental HANGZHOU
With luxurious accommodations and top-notch facilities, InterContinental Hotel Hangzhou offers corporate and leisure travellers a suitable base while visiting Hangzhou. Visitors can learn of the... MoreRocabella Mykonos Art Hotel & SPA, Mikonos Town
- Swimming pool
- Dining venue
- Spa
- Sauna
- Spa tub
- Free WiFi and free parking
Main amenities
- 22 guestrooms
- Near the beach
- Restaurant and bar/lounge
- Full-service spa
- Outdoor pool
- Breakfast available
- Free shopping center shuttle
- Health club
- 24-hour business center
- Airport shuttle
- In-room childcare
- Terrace
What’s around
- In Agios Stefanos
- Archaeological Museum of Mykonos (2.1 mi / 3.3 km)
- Aegean Maritime Museum (2.5 mi / 4 km)
- Panagia Paraportiani (2.6 mi / 4.1 km)
- Windmills of Mykonos (2.7 mi / 4.3 km)
- Agios Stefanos Beach (0.4 mi / 0.6 km)
It was a wonderful get away from the hustle and bustle of Athens. The staff was friendly…
Absolutely loved it! The people were just awesome! Best service I have ever had. The room…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $240
- Superior Room, Sea View
- Deluxe Room, Jetted Tub, Sea View
- Deluxe Room, Sea View
- Suite, Jetted Tub, Sea View
Recommended hotels
At a glance
Key facts
Hotel size
- This hotel has 22 rooms
Arriving/leaving
- Check-in time starts at and wired Internet access in rooms
Nearby Four Star Mikonos Town hotels
In the hotel
- In-room childcare (surcharge)
- Supervised childcare/activities (surcharge)
- Breakfast (surcharge)
- Restaurant
- Bar/lounge
- Coffee shop/café
- Snack bar/deli
- Poolside bar
- Room service (during limited hours)
- Coffee/tea in the lobby
- Barbeque grills
- Beach towels
- Outdoor pool
- Pool sun loungers
- Health club
- Full-service spa
- Sauna
- Beach/pool umbrellas
- 24-hour business center
- Conference space
- One meeting room
- Conference center
- Computer station
- 24-hour front desk
- Concierge services
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Limo or Town Car service available
- Dry cleaning/laundry service
- Laundry facilities
- Luggage storage
- Wedding services
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Year Built 2004
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Terrace
- Library
- Television in lobby
- Disabled parking
- Accessible path of travel
- Braille or raised signage
- Accessible bathroom
- In-room accessibility
- Roll-in shower
In the room
- Climate control
- Air conditioning
- Minibar
- Bathrobes
- Slippers
- Iron/ironing board (on request)
- Pillow menu
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Turndown service
- Furnished balcony
- Private bathroom
- Designer toiletries
- Hair dryer
- LCD TV
- Satellite TV channels
- DVD player
- Free WiFi
- Phone
- Free bottled water
- Daily housekeeping
- In-room safe
- Petinos Beach HotelFrom
$162
"Love the location of the hotel, first time in Mykonos. The hotel is on the beach, I have a very nice room but the should change the bathtub(is to high, very difficult to get it…"May 17, 2015
- Andronikos HotelFrom
- Hotel PelicanFrom
"The hotel staff were excellent and I applaud the way they went out of their way to help my wife and I. The bed was hard to sleep on for me since it is so firm and there is really…"May 15, 2015
Nearby hotels
Special features
Spa
Guests can indulge in a pampering treatment at the hotel's full-service spa. Services include deep-tissue massages, sports massages, Swedish massages, and massages. A variety of treatment therapies are provided, including aromatherapy. The spa is equipped with a sauna.
Children under 18 years old are not allowed in the spa without adult supervision. Guests under 6 years old are not allowed in the spa.
DiningRocabella - This restaurant overlooks the ocean and pool. Guests can enjoy drinks at the bar.
Recreation
On Site
- Health club
- Sauna
- Aerobics on site
- Helicopter/airplane tours on site
- Pilates classes on site
- Yoga classes/instruction on site
Nearby
- Parasailing nearby
- Sailing nearby
- Scooter/moped rentals nearby
- Scuba diving nearby
- Water skiing nearby
- Windsurfing nearby
Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel & SPA, Mikonos Town’s small print
Also known as
- Rocabella Art Agios Stefanos
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel & SPA Mykonos Island
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel And Spa
- Rocabella Art
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel & Balneario
- Rocabella Mykonos
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel Agios Stefanos
- Hotel Rocabella Art
- Rocabella Mykonos Art Hotel & SPA
Policies
Cash transactions at this property cannot exceed EUR 1500, 6 years old are not allowed in the spa.44K01A0007001
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell uspetMD Staff
Hill’s Disaster Relief Network Promotes Pet Safety Tips for Emergencies
PR Newswire,.”
petMD Staff
As my last post suggested, not all dogs are “dog park dogs.” Well my time at my local dog park has shown me that not all humans are “dog park humans.” Let me explain.
The leading complaints people have about dog parks are the behavior of the owners.
Social Hour Owner
Layla A. Jones
On Saturday, the Roxborough Dog Park opened at 4117-75 Mitchell St. with a ribbon-cutting ceremony, goodie bags for the attendants, and a row of vendors.
The Roxborough Dog Park launched in 2013 and has since been fundraising to complete the fenced-in, off-leash park in Northwest Philadelphia with a goal “to develop a beautiful and well-maintained space out of a vacant lot for the beautification and use of the community,” according to the website.
Sponsored by local business like Liberty Vet Clinic, Paws and Affection, the Little White Dog Daycare and The Foodery in Roxborough, Roxborough Dog Park offers memberships for $10 per dog. The dog park is not members-only, but funds from the membership help maintain the park and members receive discounts from the park’s sponsors.
petMD Staff:
petMD Staff:
petMD Staff
Living the Green Life.
petMD Staff
Last week we talked about an outbreak of canine influenza that has been hitting the Chicago area hard in recent weeks. Some new information has come to light that puts an interesting spin on what’s been going on.
Previous outbreaks of influenza in dogs have been caused by the H3N8 strain of the virus. This is the disease that originated from a form of influenza that, in the past, had primarily infected horses. It appears that this outbreak of flu in dogs is different, however.
According to laboratory scientists at Cornell University and the University of Wisconsin:
Layla A. Jones
Puerto Rico-based dog rescue organization Island Dogs Inc. is bringing “a sizeable rescue and transport” of stray dogs to the states in collaboration with Animal Aid USA in Williamstown, New Jersey, and the Humane Society of Atlantic County.
The pups will be arriving at Philadelphia International Airport around 12:30 p.m. Monday before being transported to Atlantic City. Once the pups reach the Shore, the Humane Society of Atlantic County will work to get the dogs forever homes. A press release posted on Island Dogs Inc.’s Twitter page says many of the dogs from Puerto Rico have already been adopted and will have homes upon arrival in New Jersey.
Island Dogs Inc. is a nonprofit that seeks to create “animal-friendly communities in Puerto Rico.” They’ve been working with the Humane Society of Atlantic County for seven years, and this rescue effort also comes thanks to the ASPCA.JohannesburgSouth Africa
October 21, 2013
liberty
$185
The Internet UPstart -...
This group is for freedom lovers who want to help push the world into an open an distributed future. We'll wax philosophical, maybe trade some bitcoins, meet like minded folks and plot to take over the world! Just so we can leave people alone ;-)
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicySenator Carlucci and Westchester Community College Host Financial Aid Workshop for Students and Parents
OSSINING, NY – Senator David Carlucci (D-Rockland/Westchester) and Westchester Community College – SUNY (WCC) invite residents to an informative seminar to hear financial aid specialists discuss how families can plan and afford to pay for college. The event will also feature experts from the WCC Office of Student Financial Assistance, which will be on hand to answer questions and assist parents and students navigate the maze of funding for higher education.
The event will be held this Thursday, June 6th from 7:00pm – 8:30pm at Westchester Community College Ossining Extension Center, located in the Arcadian Shopping Center, 22 Rockledge Avenue, Ossining.
Assistant Professor and Counselor Anita Cook of Westchester Community College will facilitate a PowerPoint presentation that focuses on topics that include general requirements for eligibility, how financial need is determined, how schools meet demand, sources and types of financial aid, and federal and state application processes.
Senator David Carlucci (D-Rockland/Westchester) said: “A college education has become an even greater necessity in today’s new economy, yet too many students find themselves unable or unwilling to pay for the rising costs of tuition. The goal of this seminar is to provide them and their parents with the right tools and options for how to pay for this expense without being saddled with mountains of debt after graduation. I would like to thank Westchester Community College for partnering with our office and to give a better insight into ways both future and current students can plan ahead.”
Nicole Joseph, Director of Westchester Community College Ossining Extension Center, said: “The Ossining Extension Center of Westchester Community College and the WCC Financial Services Department are happy to have the opportunity to partner with Senator Carlucci to provide valuable information to those students seeking higher education.”
Space is limited and registration is required. Anyone interested in attending should contact Senator Carlucci’s Westchester office by calling (914) 941-2041 or email carlucci@nysenate.gov for more information.
# # #Nashville Ballet announced today that its annual fundraising gala, Ballet Ball, will feature musical performances from alternative rock visionary Ben Folds and
chart-topping singer-songwriters The Civil Wars.
Ben Folds and The Civil Wars will perform some of their most well-known songs alongside Nashville Ballet dancers as the company performs in original works choreographed by Nashville Ballet Artistic Director and CEO Paul Vasterling at this one-time only appearance.
“Collaborating with musicians of this caliber for innovative productions like Ballet Ball illustrates the versatility and talent of Nashville Ballet,” Vasterling said. “Putting ballet dancers, The Civil Wars and Ben Folds on the same stage shows that Nashville Ballet is where fine art meets southern culture.”
Recently nominated for two Grammys for Best Folk Album and Best Country Duo/Group Performance, The Civil Wars will perform their breakout hits “Barton Hallow” and “Poison and Wine.” The band’s appearance at Ballet Ball will be sandwiched between their U.S. tour ending Feb. 4 in Florida and their European tour beginning March 13 in the United Kingdom.
Known for his work as a solo artist, front man of Ben Folds Five and judge on NBC reality program “The Sing-Off,” Folds will perform two of his many landmark songs “Zak and Sara” and “Selfless, Cold and Composed.” Folds recently joined the board of The Nashville Symphony and has been instrumental in elevating the status of the arts in Nashville. This year will also see more new music from the original Ben Folds Five line-up.
“I'm honored to join The Civil Wars in taking the stage for this important cause,” Folds said. “I'm especially thrilled to help support the Ballet's incredible education outreach initiative that introduces young people and people of all ages to the arts. It's been said that the truest expression of a people is in its dance and its music, and we in Music City are blessed to have the best in both.”
Event co-chairs Jay Joyner, Ronnie Scott and Mary Jo Shankle bring together their passion for Nashville Ballet, dedicated leadership in the community and unique talents to plan the event, to be held on Saturday, March 3, 2012, at the Schermerhorn Symphony Center in downtown Nashville.
Ballet Ball will host 400 of Nashville’s most generous arts supporters, who will enjoy a cocktail reception featuring an elaborate silent auction followed by a gourmet seated dinner.
Younger arts patrons will also have the privilege of attending the performances by purchasing a ticket to the Ballet Ball Late Party. A limited number of Late Party tickets will be available for to the public for $95, beginning February 1 at 8 a.m. through Nashville Ballet’s website. Late Party attendees will enjoy drinks and light hors d’oeuvres before attending the performance. After the performance, Late Party attendees will take to the dance floor for a lively evening of dancing, led by the always-entertaining Pat Patrick Band.
Ballet Ball raises money for Nashville Ballet's innovative education and community engagement initiatives which reach over 41,000 children, families and seniors at schools, libraries, and community centers throughout Middle Tennessee.Rumor Time: Half-Life 3 is an Open-World Shooter for 2013
A source close to Valve has allegedly stated that Half-Life 3 is in development, coming in 2013, and will be an open-world shooter.
The source spoke with the French site JournalduGamer and supposedly spilled beans about the inner workings of Valve. Reportedly, production has stopped and started on Half-Life 3 repeatedly, and there’s been a complete overhaul in the gameplay more than once. The result is that the game is no longer a straight, linear shooter like the earlier two iterations, it seems.
Apparently, Valve struggled to make Half-Life 3 a straight shooter, but the game just wasn’t coming together under that format. So instead, it’s open-world, complete with NPCs handing out quests for Gordon Freeman to take on. The source also says there will be RPG elements mixed in — so you might find yourself upgrading Gordon’s Hazard Suit along the way.
Finally, the suggestion is that instead of being Half-Life 2: Episode 3, this will be a full-on Half-Life title — Half-Life 3, as it were.
What do you guys think — buying this, or not so much? On board with the possibility of an open-world Half-Life? Let us know in the comments.
By submitting a comment here you grant GameFront a perpetual license to reproduce your words and name/web site in attribution. Inappropriate or irrelevant comments will be removed at an admin's discretion.
11 Comments on Rumor Time: Half-Life 3 is an Open-World Shooter for 2013
user
On September 20, 2012 at 10:36 am
Half-Life 3 will feature whales with portals. You heard it here first!
There’s been so many things said about the game that it doesn’t even matter anymore until Valve actually says something about it.
DJS
On September 20, 2012 at 10:38 am
I’ve had it with linear gameplay and storytelling… It’s the year 2012 and some developers are still making games where the game develops the same way every time you walk down the same path…
This would be great. Giving players more options for how to go about finishing the game = higher replay value
pedro
On September 20, 2012 at 12:32 pm
smells like bullsh**, either that or valve is making rage 2 ( god i hope that that never gets made).
LTenhet
On September 20, 2012 at 5:05 pm
There’s a new rumor about this every other week it seems like, we’ll just have to wait for the official announcement from Valve… which won’t happen cause Gaben is swimming in his Money pool.
iLikeTheUDK
On September 20, 2012 at 8:49 pm
No offense to Valve, but this is already starting to sound like Duke Nukem Forever.
Axetwin
On September 20, 2012 at 11:48 pm
Right, and earlier this year it was “leaked” that HL3 was going to be out this holiday season. As for the RPG mechanics? Really, sorry Im not buying.
Also, get your umbrellas ready, dig out your fishing overalls and start building your ark now because you know, you KNOW that if Chell and/or GladOs is not in HF3, we will have to endure a Portal fanboy storm of apocalyptic proportions.
@DJS – I wish people would stop acting like “linear” is a dirty word. Yes, its 2012, why does that automatically mean all games must be considered open-world? Open world games can be just as bad and just as boring as linear games.
redrum78
On September 21, 2012 at 2:55 am
This sounds way to good to be true. But you never know I mean this could be the gaming gods way of balancing the universe after Mass Effect 3′s ending but I doubt it. Besides if it does happen it’ll probaly be MP only so i’m not getting excited.
Ebalosus
On September 21, 2012 at 5:58 am
Regardless of the veracity of these rumours, to quote SF Debris: “It’s not what they do, but how they do it that counts”
thomas theis
On September 21, 2012 at 7:21 am
I dont care what the game withholds with a title like half-life 3 and the history of mesa and 2 and ep 1 and ep 2.. I know this will be the best game of the year and probably of the next 10 years cuase of all the mods that will be made for it!!! half life 3 “head crab melt down” << heard it here first.. orignal pint being they could make every thing look like poop, like southpark.. AND if they did IT WOULD BE THE BEST GAME.. better then all halo and all cod games put together
Luther
On September 21, 2012 at 11:27 am
Sounds like there going to take the skyrim approach, I would not be surprised if this game ends up being built around mods.
zamuy
On September 21, 2012 at 5:09 pm
if they do it right, it will be the best thing ever to happen to video games.
and valve has a good history with doing things right.OPINIONS OF ECHIDNE OF THE SNAKES,
A MINOR GREEK GODDESS.
She can be reached at:
ECHIDNE-OF-THE-SNAKES.COM
Sunday, May 14, 2006
The Intervention Or News From The Divine Front
We caught Nemesis! If you remember she's been walking the earth, howling like the wind, moaning in a vacant way. Her revenge talents have been draining for centuries and she has been invisible for quite a while now. Understandable, really, as who prays to the goddess of revenge (and prayers are needed to puff us up), but Nemesis is strongly needed right now. So Ares and Aphrodite and a couple of demi-gods and such got together and devised a Cunning Trap and caught Nemesis. They are holding her in a walkup in the Bronx, keeping her alive with nectar and some taped prayers, but the situation is getting unbearable.
Hence the intervention. The plan is to bring Nemesis here (in a suitcase) and to revive her. We divines are all going to get together (with some nectar and carousing on the side) to stay with her and to pray to her and to feed her with mice. She will get color in her cheeks and light in her eyes! After she first gets some cheeks and eyes, of course. In short, we are going to bring Nemesis to life.
She is desperately needed in the present political situation. No-one is as skilled in giving people their true deserts as she is, no-one is as cruelly rational and objective and logical and kind in her cruelty as Nemesis. The Democratic party needs her to teach them how it's done, the people of the United States, of Afghanistan and of Iraq need her. Anyone at all sane needs her, and the sad thing is that she's totally insane right now. But we are going to fix that with this intervention. I got the idea from a psychology book, though I added a few goddessy twists to it, and the snakes plan to give her a few beauty baths with venom and a nice scale massage.
It's going to work, I'm sure. But it means that I won't be posting regularly for the next week or so and that you should also pray to Nemesis. Pretend to like her. It shouldn't be too hard in this culture.
Our democracy may well depend on Nemesis. And she in a suitcase!Landing |
REFILE-BRIEF-CPL Resources sells Swedish business
LONDON, March 11
LONDON, March 11 CPL Resources PLC : * Has disposed of the Swedish business European Human Resources AB * Difference of opinion emerged regarding management of erhab and the parties agreed to reverse the 2012 transaction * There is no material financial impact on the CPL Group * Source Text:A suspect was in police custody after barricading himself inside his Normandy Isles home after shots were fired early Thursday morning.
Several hours after the incident began, the man gave himself up to police custody, who were taking him to the hospital.
Police had closed off four blocks of the area around the 6900 block of Rue Granville, and traffic had been backed up and detoured. Eastbound 79th Street Causeway going onto 71st Street or Normandy Drive was reopened several hours later.
Police said that around 1 a.m., a 53-year-old man, intoxicated with drugs and alcohol, he went outside his apartment, started hallucinating and shooting into the air. Police responded and his wife answered the door and told police everything was fine.
Police returned again, and took her away. She was not arrested. The man barricaded himself in his house, but authorities do not believe anyone is in that home but him.
Police said they believe he has a shotgun and handgun. He hadn't displayed aggression towards police.
A man in the neighborhood said he heard one shot.
No other information was immediately known.
Stay with NBC6.com for updates.BERKELEY, Calif., 4 Nov. 2012. Ultraview Corp. in Berkeley, Calif., is introducing the ULTRADYNE16-250Mx2AVE-8GB-50T/155T and ULTRADYNE16-250x4AVE-8GB-50T/155T 16-bit 4-channel 250-megasample-per-second A/D converter boards for military, medical, and scientific applications in which signals on several time-aligned channels need to be observed with high signal-to-noise ratio.
Target applications for the A/D converter boards include radar, ultrasound, time-of-flight imaging, spectroscopy, communications systems, and antenna testing, Ultraview officials say.
Based on a hardware averaging engine with near-zero dead-time that is implemented in the board's Xilinx FPGA, the boards each can average repetitive signal strings as many as 1 million times with record lengths to 16384 samples (-50T model) and 262144-samples (-155T model) uninterruptedly.
The precise repetitive summing of each string of samples onto a running 32-bit average can be triggered by any one of three software-selectable triggering mechanisms.
One triggering mechanism is a TTL input, with selectable -/+ slope, causes waveforms to be acquired or added to a running average. The second is a software slider-adjustable level on the incoming signal waveform on any of the 4 channels, with + or -- slope, enabling scope-like triggering, with pre-trigger, on a given place on a repeating waveform.
The third triggering mechanism is a heterodyning trigger input that implements triggering on the difference frequency between this input and the sampling clock frequency for uses such as time-of-flight imaging systems, radar and pulsed spectroscopy.
These kinds of applications can repeat transmit or stimulus waveforms M-times per second and the A/D samples data at a rate of N samples per second. The ULTRADYNE16 will automatically acquire and/or average complete waveforms that repeat M minus N times per second.
In addition to their averaging and triggering modes, which include pre-triggering capability, the boards also are high dynamic range general purpose high speed data acquisition boards, each with eight gigabytes of memory, large channel counts, and continuous transfers to the host system at speeds to 1.4 gigabytes per second.
All models include Windows 7/8 driver packages, as well as LabVIEW control panel for Windows. 64-bit Linux 6.2 drivers and command line user programs are also included.
For more information contact UltraView online at.T100ACE
on-the-road professional.
Our Stage Range begins with solid Red Cedar tops for a sweet, deep, and exacting tone. Natural, Black, and Brown Shadow finishes are highlighted by a deep gloss finish. The T100 Series also offers a comfortable slim-line cutaway electric/acoustic model.
FEATURES
- Headstock: Solid Indonesian Rosewood, linseed oil finish, with Lâg Maple Logo inlay
-: Solid Red Cedar
- Back & Sides: Dark Mahogany
- Bindings: Mahogany + Maple + Black
- Body Thickness: Bottom 110mm - Neck 90mm
- Rosette: Mahogany with Maple & Black, with Occitania cross
- Bridge: Indonesian Rosewood with Black Resin compensated saddle
- Pickup: Nanoflex Piezo Pickup under bridge saddle
- Electronics: StudioLâg system
- Finish: High Gloss
- Strings:
featuring NANOWEB® Coating 011-052Hi you guys! Good to see you cafegirl and jensbiggestfan!
Let the snarking and backbiting begin!!
Hey, where's Qboots????
Hi you guys! Good to see you cafegirl and jensbiggestfan!
Let the snarking and backbiting begin!!
Hey, where's Qboots????
But, didn't it rain on Jen's date with Andrew? Maybe she'll see that as a sign. *gag*
OK, back to the TV!
I'm actually liking JP a lot more after seeing the beach part of the date. Let's see how he does through dinner.
He's looking cuter to me tonight, and seeming more relaxed as well.
JP could be such a catch if I could just get over his non-moving upper lip!!! oh my...I hope jen's not as shallow as I am!!
JP... is so scripted in his speech.. do ya think he watched the previous shows and took notes from Andrew and Bryon.?
"I can do all things through Him who strengthens me!"
everybody!everybody!
I lurve JP's face!
Has society really been so conditioned that we only find someone attractive if they look like a walking corpse?Has society really been so conditioned that we only find someone attractive if they look like a walking corpse?
"I'm telling you - it's a madhouse out there. I feel like Charlton Heston waking up in the field and seeing the chimp on top of the pony." ~ Dennis Miller
John Paul flat out asks her "How much of a factor is Andrew in all this?" and she rolls her eyes, gets defensive, and seems to pull back.
Their date seems really produced to me.
Oh, man, I'm so thankful I don't ever have to date anyone on national television.
Can they please change the fantasy suite note already??!! I know SOMEONE at ABC must be getting paid the big bucks for a little creativity...
Thanks for the play-by-play!!! My cable went out...and I can't see a darn thing!!!! You all are the best!January 2015
Click here to see and search a map to find your Legislators
Overview
The Massachusetts Senate Legislative Districts datalayer reflects the state Senate district boundaries as defined by Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 57: Section 3. These 40 districts are those used in the Fall 2012 elections and beyond, until they are redrawn using the 2020 decennial Census. The names of the statewide datalayers are SENATE2012_POLY (polygons) and SENATE2012_ARC (arcs). These replace the older SENATE02_ARC and SENATE02_POLY layers.
View and query these data in the Legislative District Viewer. Users may search for their district based on municipality, legislator, or district name. When identifying the districts, the results contain links to their senator's Web pages.
Production
Staff at the Massachusetts Senate developed this layer with its contractor, Caliper Corp. (Newton, MA), using Maptitude for Redistricting software. MassGIS appended the 1:100,000 coastline and state outline and added the senators' name and party attributes.
Attributes
The SENATE2012_POLY attribute table has the following fields:
In the SENATE2012_ARC attribute table, the field OUTLINE is coded as follows:
- 0 = Internal district boundaries
- 1 = State
- 2 = Coastline
Maintenance
MassGIS maintains the layer and will make updates as needed. In January 2015 the polygon attributes were updated with the information for members of the 189th General Court. Also see the state House and Congress data layers.
Last Updated 1/8.Unfortunately,.
No one knows what the shape of the new entity that will replace the old Planning Commission will be, when it’s going to come or what it will be called (Sentenced to Death, Sep 1). Manmohan Singh had in his second term ordered a revamp of the Commission in order to make it a coordinating agency, by including representatives of the Centre, state governments and the private sector for major projects. But apparently he faced opposition from within the party, which would not accept any tinkering with the body, a relic of Nehruvian socialism. Hope the yet-to-be-born body will not be rooted to the archaic socio-economic philosophy which had become the Commission’s trademark.
D.C., New York
So politicised had the Planning Commission become that most of its programmes were geared towards political gains for the party in power, leading to the programmes losing their relevance. However, utmost care should be taken now to introduce an institution backed by an efficient and impartial think-tank, comprising economists, agriculturists, sociologists, scientists et al.
Ranjit Sinha, Calcutta
Fact is, the Commission had become a tool in the hands of the prime minister to override a finance minister who showed some measure of independence or to make opposition-led states beg.
Krishna Kumar Saboo,..
...
“Could there be a ‘BETTER & BIGGER PLAN’ to ‘PLAN BIGGER & BETTER’ for a body who ‘PLANS’ to turn the country ‘BETTER & BIGGER’.”
How did the planning commission drop the ball, first on inflation, then on growth ?
It is not a death sentence, its merely euthanasia.
"Indeed, the analogy Modi drew in his Independence Day speech—of opting to build a new structure instead of repairing an old building—speaks volumes of how little value he places on the legacy of an institution."
"Indeed, the analogy Modi drew in his Independence Day speech—of opting to build a new structure instead of repairing an old building—speaks volumes of how little value he places on the legacy of an institution."?
A relic of the socialist era, this "institution" is exactly what you say : an institution. The sooner it is shut and the unemployables got rid of, the better it will be for the country. How can anyone plan ahead, with retrospective taxes and such type of regressiveRachael Taylor Studded Loafers
Rachael Taylor Does Business Up Top, Party on Bottom
Like us on Facebook
Actress Rachael Taylor strolled the streets of NYC in a business-up-top, party-on-the-bottom look that is easy to re-create for your next work lunch. The blond beauty layered a military green tee over a white button-down and light-wash jeans, then tossed on a black tux blazer for a polished touch. Her studded Sam Edelman flats, black Prada tote, and retro shades kicked up the cool factor, while her minimal makeup and loose updo completed the look perfectly. Shop Rachael's exact loafers with other like items to channel your inner style star. If you don't own a green tee, this outfit can also be mimicked with any color tee. For an all-business look that's still hip, ditch the jeans for a black pencil skirt, and trade the loafers for pumps.
Thursday, June 10, 2010
Contact: Julia Piscitelli
Tel.: 202-366-9550
Kansas now eligible for more than $11 million in federal funds
U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood today applauded Kansas for enacting a new primary seat belt law that is expected to save lives, reduce serious injuries and cut medical and other economic costs by more than $70 million.
The new Kansas law enables police officers to stop and ticket the driver of any passenger car if either the driver or front seat passenger is observed not wearing a seat belt. This law also applies to anyone under age 18. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), seat belt use is the most effective protection against serious crash injuries, reducing the risk by 50 percent.
"We are pleased that Kansas has joined those states that have adopted primary seat belt laws to save lives," said Secretary LaHood. "Wearing a seat belt can make the difference between life and death in a crash, so always buckle up on every trip, every time.”
NHTSA Administrator David Strickland added, “We applaud Governor Mark Parkinson and the state legislature for stepping up to the plate to make Kansas roads safer. Seat belts have saved more lives than any other piece of safety equipment in the American automobile, but they only work when you wear them.”
NHTSA estimates that, with the passage of its primary belt law, Kansas will increase its belt use by approximately nine percent, cut annual fatalities in passenger cars and light trucks by eight percent and reduce serious injuries.
Traffic crashes cost the nation about $230 billion each year in medical expenses, lost productivity, property damage and related costs. Kansas pays $1.9 billion of these costs, $700 for every resident of Kansas, each year.
The new law makes Kansas eligible to receive $11 million in federal incentive funds from the Department of Transportation. Primary seat belt laws have a proven track record of increasing state seat belt use rates. In 2009, the average seat belt use rate in states with primary enforcement laws was 11 percent higher than in states with secondary enforcement laws.
With the addition of Kansas, 31 states, the District of Columbia, American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands have primary seat belt laws.Key things you need to know aboutMonica Cox:
Monica Cox's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Monica Cox's Specialties
- Nursing (Nurse Practitioner)
- View 1 specialty
More About Monica Cox's Background
MoreGet the facts on Monica Cox
Patient Satisfaction
Patients' feedback on their experience with Monica Cox
Likelihood of recommending Monica Cox to family and friends is 5 out of 5 5 1 1
See More Survey Results
MoreMonica27 Riverside A Cox!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Monica Cox. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Monica Cox. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.San Diego craft brewers featured in new documentary series
Ian Anderson 5 p.m., May 21
hoooo hummmmm
i'd like to write something local
something interesting and such
that excites me so much
but it's raining in Lakeside
the squirrels they aren't here
in wet weather they disappear
and my last blog was squirrels
with long furry tails
and it's raining in Lakeside
last week if i'd been
up late at nite
out in my cruiser
i'd might have seen such a sight
or maybe even caught a few bruisers
who were running like hounds
that nite it wasn't raining in Lakeside
now those men are sad
Casino money not had
but then they hadn't played
no rain then in Lakeside
they'd just stolen a lot
at least that's what they thought
but no money rained down
and they felt like clowns
they wished it'd been raining in Lakeside
now two sit in jail
and i'm in despair
cause i wasn't there
i missed my chance
to be part of the dance
instead i just sit here
with football and beer
trying to be of good cheer
and it's raining in Lakeside
this poem is SO bad even i won't read it...er...um...did i mention it's raining in Lakeside
Ruth Newell Nov. 13, 2011 @ 6:50 a.m.
Lol...silly. Rain'll do that.
nan shartel Nov. 13, 2011 @ 11:14 a.m.
i'm ready to duck tomatoes...hahahahahahahahaha ;-D)
richzombie Nov. 13, 2011 @ 8:20 a.m.
sounds pretty good to me ...
nan shartel Nov. 13, 2011 @ 11:15 a.m.
ur sweet RZ...ya make a gal almost forget the rain ;-D
quillpena Nov. 13, 2011 @ 7:08 p.m.
Quirky and cute.
nan shartel Nov. 14, 2011 @ 1:15 p.m.
OMG quirky 4 sure Quill!!!
tryin' to get into the write a neighborhood poem mood on a rainy day
Dadler Nov. 16, 2011 @ 11:40 a.m.
It's always, or almost always, a good thing when dry SoCal gets a good soaking from mama naturale. Barona got robbed?
nan shartel Nov. 16, 2011 @ 1:36 p.m.
yah they did get robbed by 4 guys..but they got nutten and left the SUV and the few bucks about a mile away and ran on down the road to their getaway....
they may have gotten 2 of them in a motel in Santee (that's a maybe)....the other 2 haven't been located
Or login with:
OpenIDBack to School News: New Immunization Requirements for Texas Kids
on Aug 21, 2009 | Tagged in: healthcare , education , Conroe ISD
Texas kids are getting ready to go back to schools, and for many children, preparation includes getting a few more immunizations. This year, big changes have been made in immunization requirements which will impact incoming kindergarten and seventh grade students.
The changes to the requirements were made to bring Texas into line more closely with what the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Advisory committee on Immunization Practices recommend. These changes started on August 01 and include:
- Hepatitis A Vaccine: All students entering kindergarten will be required to have two doses of Hepatitis A vaccine.
- Measles, Mumps, Rubelle (MMR) Vaccine: All students entering kindergarten will be required to have two doses of the MMR vaccine.
- Varicella (chickenpox) Vaccine: All students entering kindergarten and 7th grade will be required to have two doses of the Varicella vaccine. However, a written statement from the parent/guardian, school nurse or physician attesting to the child already having had chickenpox may replace the vaccine.
- Tetanus, Diptheria and acellular pertussis-containing Vaccine (Tdap): All students entering 7th grade will be required to have one dose of Tdap vaccine. Students in the 7th grade are required to have a booster shot of Tdap only if it has been five years since their last dose. Students in grades 8-12 are required to have a booster shot of Tdap if it has been ten years or more since their previous dose of a tetanus-containing vaccine.
- Meningococcal Vaccine: All students entering 7th grade will be required to have one dose of meningococcal vaccine.
For more information on immunization requirements for Texas kids:We're 8,198 Friends
We're 952 Fabulous Classy Girlfriends
We're 520 Super Suburbanites
We're 954 Geeks
We're 191 Nepean Socialites
We're 2,993 Members
We're 818 Friends
We're 345 Women who like Women
We're 260 Social Entrepreneurs
We're 406 Members
We're 324 eSAXers
We're 77 Members
We're 56 members
We're 1,006 beauties
We're 294 technologists
We're 97 Freezoners
We're 2,672 Awesome members
We're 870 Going Out Rockstars
We're 443 Marketers
We're 782 Besties
We're 263 Connected Women
We're 422 girls gone international
We're 418 Members
We're 156 445 Daytime Friends
We're 321 Paddlers
We're 144 Geomatics Professionals
We're 101 Throwers
We're 65 Girlfriends
We're 47 West Ottawa Women in our 50's
We're 85 Members
We're 66 Lovely Ladies
We're 177 Ottawa Soleil Guests
We're 1,309 Members
We're 44 Men's Issues Enthusiasts
We're 421 Ladies
We're 65 26 Greens
We're 615 People interested in Marketing
We're 78 Melomaniacs
We're 275 comedy lovers
We're 106 moms
We're 230 Kanata Singles & Couples Dance
We're 123 Mystic Veggie & Vegan Socialites
We're 19 Ottawa Netwalkers
We're 47 Entrepreneurs
We're 1,827 Social media enthusiasts
We're 42 Movie Fans
We're 261 Members
We're 110 Members
We're 68 Chess Champions
We're 169 Members
We're 57 Members
We're 10 Game Lovers
We're 201 Challengers
We're 295 Members
We're 4,599 Arts & Culture Junkies
We're 2,845 Members
We're 497 Friends
We're 477 Players
We're 599 Writers
We're 1,815 French Speakers
We're 836 Members
We're 403 Members
We're 656 Characters
We're 1,344 Yogis
We're 1,047 Evolving Souls
We're 606 Members
We're 524 Jammers
We're 711 free thinkers
We're 457 Earthship Enthusiasts
We're 805 members
We're 116 Moms & Dads
We're 457 Members
We're 490 Integrative Thinkers
We're 353 Open Data Enthusiasts
We're 803 EntrepreneursBROADVIEW HEIGHTS, Ohio -- Three CHEERS for PINOCCHIO and HYDRANT CLEANING. You'll know what I mean in a minute . . .
The city of Broadview Heights is having a week-long cheer clinic for children 4-12 from 2-4 p.m. July 7-11. Participants will learn fundamentals, stretching, cheers and basic routines -- and will receive a free camp T-shirt. This program can help those planning on signing up for the Brecksville-Broadview Heights Bees cheer team. Call 440-717-4019.
Broadview Heights Spotlights Community Theater, 9543 Broadview Road, will stage a youth production of Disney's "My Son Pinocchio Jr." June 19-29. Shows on Thursday, Friday and Saturday are at 7 p.m. Sunday matinees are at 3 p.m.. Tickets are $11 for adults and $10 for seniors and students. Make reservations at broadview-heights-spotlights.org or call 440-526-4404.
Fire-hydrant flushing has always been mysterious to me. Why is it necessary? Why does my tap water turn orange? The Broadview Heights Fire Department provides the answers in a video on YouTube. Watch it because hydrant flushing in Broadview Heights starts in June. Click here to see the hydrant-flushing video.
Have any event announcements or news tips? Contact me at bsandrick@cleveland.clom.Discussion: (20 comments)
The public policy blog of the American Enterprise Institute
| AEIdeas
Mark J. Perry @Mark_J_Perry
More options: Share, Mark as favorite
View related content: Carpe Diem
The chart above shows two different statistical measures of financial stress that are updated weekly by the Federal Reserve district banks of Chicago (National Financial Conditions Index, red line) and St. Louis (Financial Stress Index, blue line). I reported on the St. Louis Fed Financial Stress Index yesterday, and have now added the Chicago Fed’s National Financial Conditions Index to the chart above.
Here are descriptions and more details on each financial stress index:
1. The Chicago Fed National Financial Conditions Index (NFCI) is based on 100 financial indicators consisting of 47 weekly, 29 monthly, and 24 quarterly variables, and has proven to be a highly predictive and robust indicator of financial stress at leading horizons of up to one year. Empirical analysis indicates that the NFCI is 95 percent accurate in identifying historical crises contemporaneously. Increasing risk, tighter credit conditions and declining leverage are consistent with tightening financial conditions and are associated with positive values for the NFCI, while negative values indicate the opposite. The NFCI has been negative for more than three years, and has been trending downward since mid-2011 (see red line in chart). The NFCI has been below -0.70 for the last four weeks, which indicates that the stress in US financial markets is at the lowest level since the summer of 2007.
2. The St. Louis Fed Financial Stress Index (STLFSI) is calculated using the principal components procedure based on 18 weekly data series that include seven interest rates, six yield spreads, and five other financial variables. As I reported yesterday, the STLFSI has been steadily trending downward (lower values indicate less stress) for more than a year starting in October 2011 when the index was at 1.0. For the most recent week, the Financial Stress Index fell to -0.536, which is the lowest level since early August 2007, before the Great Recession and financial crisis.
Further evidence of financial stress and volatility returning to pre-recession 2007 levels is provided in the chart below, which adds the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), as another measure of financial conditions (see blue line) to the two financial stress indexes described above. The VIX, sometimes referred to as the “fear index,” measures the stock market’s expectation of the volatility in stock prices over the next 30-day period. In recent weeks, the VIX has fallen below 13.0 for the first time since May 2007. The VIX today has risen to 14.37, but is still at the lowest level since late May 2007.
Bottom Line: Based on three different statistical measures (St. Louis Fed Financial Stress Index, the Chicago Fed National Financial Conditions Index and the CBOE volatility Index), the stress and volatility in the U.S. financial system has returned to the pre-recessionary, pre-financial crisis levels of 2007.
AEI
1150 17th Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20036
© 2015 American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research
….the stress and volatility in the U.S. financial system has returned to the pre-recessionary, pre-financial crisis levels of 2007.
If my risk were backstopped, I wouldn’t be stressed out either.
LOL!!!!!
Beautiful.
the vix is easily the most misused index in all of finance.
the vix has NO predictive power except as a potential contrary indicator. it is at best coincident and really more of a lagging indicator.
people buy puts like crazy when the market starts going down. that spikes the vix.
it tends to be very low at market tops.
track 2007 and this becomes clear. 2000 was the same way. by the time the vix is spiking, you are already in a serious down tape. using the vix to predict the future of the market is mostly like using your air bags to steer your car.
the one exception may be extreme high values that tend to show enormous fear. when you have a whole market pricing in 90 vol, then you can assume that people are terrified.
of course, making this bet in 2008 when the vix hit 89 in october 2008 was pretty questionable.
the market kept dropping for 5 months and shed another 25-30%.
the vix was dropping that whole time.
one could also possibly try to use the vix as a contrary indicator as low levels show complacency and a lack of risk aversion that tends to come at the top of a bull run, but this is pretty useless as well.
the vix can stay at low levels for long, long periods.
it was as low as 11 in 2004 but was making fresh lows in the mid 9’s by 2007 (right before the first check back) so i would really not try to use this index that way either as the false positives are very high.
all in all, the vix is just not a useful predictor of anyhting.
the vix has NO predictive power except as a potential contrary indicator.
Actually, the VIX is very much forward looking. It’s the implied vol for front month contracts. It is literally predicting the volatility of the underlying stocks for about the next 30 days.
people buy puts like crazy when the market starts going down. that spikes the vix.
When the market tumbles, expectations of further volatility rise, increasing the implied vol. That’s what spikes the VIX, not the put buying, per se. When the market drops, options market makers take their implied vol up long before put buyers show up. The index will reflect that.
it tends to be very low at market tops.
That market’s path is usually up a little every day for a while and then a sharp downward move (hence the skew in the puts). Obviously, during a period of calm when the market is drifting upward, implied vol tends to drop.
mehtinks-
i get what you are saying, but that front month contract implied vol is itself, not terribly predictive. it does not lead bad things happening, it jumps as the market reacts to them being reported.
it’s coincident to trialing.
we have played with models for years looking for forward r squared to equity prices etc and way to use vix as a hedge for a long portfolio.
it’s all worthless. the vix just does not improve predictive ability.
of interest, if you want to ahve some fun, look at the vix etf’s.
the vxx is a hilarious snake pit.
it rolls through the near and out month vix futures to maintain constant weighted duration. the contango will eat you alive over time.
Morgan,
You’re really twisting yourself into knots unnecessarily.
The VIX is not a predictive model. It’s options market makers’ best guess about volatility over the next few weeks.
An options market maker needs to price options. To do that he needs implied volatility (it’s an input to the pricing model). Since nobody knows what the future will hold, market participants have to guess. Your best clue when guessing is the volatility you’re observing currently.
It’s not a commentary on whether the world is right or subsidized or Fed policy or whether or not we’re going to face a shit show three months from now. It’s just the market’s best guess. As is everything in forward looking markets since nobody is clairvoyant.
the vxx is a hilarious snake pit
There are some poorly constructed ETFs. I was talking about VIX options and futures.
I will I could edit
Your best clue when guessing is the volatility you’re observing currently and the supply and demand for options (both puts and calls. A call as a put and a put is a call. Remember?).
methinks-
i think you need to re-read what i wrote. i’m not twisting myself into anyhting, you seem to be misinterpreting what i said.
my whole point is that the vix is not predictive. you seem to be agreeing with me.
mark put it forward as a sign of financial stability and was attempting to use a low vix reading as a sign of a lack of “financial stress”.
my whole point, with which you seem to be agreeing, is that the vix is not a useful predictor of financial stress or risk.
implied vol on the cboe equity options does not have predictive power either in terms if guessing what the market will do or the economy or the financial system.
we’ve really torn it apart looking for a correlation or some useful way to look at it (as we have with dozens and dozens of variables). i get your point about options pricing in risk, but the simple fact is that the aggregate of the vix does not give meaningful signals, even in the very short run like days or weeks.
i’m a little confused by your responses here. you seem to be saying the same things i am (apart from maybe believing the vix has short term periodicity ability, i’m not quite sure what you think there) and yet also think you are disagreeing with me.
am i missing some part of your argument or did you, for some reason, assume i was making a “the vix is predictive” argument?
or are you just talking about the very short run? (where i still think the vix is all but worthless as a forward indicator)
Morgan,
I think you’re reading to much into “the VIX is not a predictive model” part of my comment. What I mean is that the VIX is an index and not a model. You can slice it, dice it, do whatever you want to it, but it’ll still be just the aggregate world opinion about very near-term risk. Whether or not you find it useful to make investments in stocks is an entirely separate and unrelated question.
I am telling you that implied volatility is the market’s guess about future volatility. That is, implied volatility is a prediction. So, no, I do not agree that the VIX is not predictive. It is, in fact, the whole world’s prediction about risk in the next few weeks.
mark put it forward as a sign of financial stability and was attempting to use a low vix reading as a sign of a lack of “financial stress”.
That is correct. Depending on how you’re defining “stress”, Mark is correct. However, I think you need to step back and realize Mark isn’t using the VIX alone to make that point. If you disagree, then go buy some vol.
Maybe you mean something else by “stress” and you need to let us in on your definition.
In terms of possible uses of the VIX for you, here’s a suggestion:
If you aim to run a portfolio with a certain delta, changes in the VIX tell you that your delta is changing even though your model hasn’t enough information yet to pick up the change in beta.
For example: if you’re comfortable running your portfolio with a 500 delta and the VIX rises, your delta has also increased. Your betas have changed, but your model may not yet reflect that. The rising VIX tells you that you need to sell deltas. We can use “delta” more loosely here. If you’re hedged with a short position in a correlated asset, you can think of the unhedged exposure as “delta” and increasing your short leg or decreasing your long leg is akin to selling delta. And, of course, the reverse for a falling VIX.
But all that has nothing at all to do with what I think Mark is saying.
track 2007 and this becomes clear. 2000 was the same way. by the time the vix is spiking, you are already in a serious down tape.
Correct. Implied vols change when observed vol changes. The observed changes in volatility change expectations of future volatility.
Morgan, you’re misusing the VIX. All it illustrates is the market’s expectations of stock market volatility over the coming few weeks. It’s not meant to be used to predict volatility beyond that.
Products based on the VIX are very useful for volatility trading. I can’t imagine the VIX is very useful for your style of long-term investing.
methinks-
i’m not misusing it. i’m not using it at all. i completely agree that it has no predictive value. i would even go further that you did and say it has almost no predictive value even in the very short run with regard to the market, gdp, or financial risk.
that was my whole point.
mark is tryign to use it as a measure of financial risk.
my point is that you cannot use it that way.
it’s a specialized index that means pretty much nothing unless you are trading options.
Well, it doesn’t mean “nothing” unless you think that all market prices (all of which are similarly forward looking) mean nothing. Remember, options traders price risk. Things that will happen in the future.
perhaps i was too semantically imprecise.
clearly, any price means SOMEHTING.
what i meant to convey is that the level of the vix means nothing useful in terms of predicting future stock prices, economic activity, or financial risk/stress and therefore that mark is misusing it as an indicator.
The VIX represents the whole world’s best guess about the range in which the stock market will trade over the next few weeks.
Using the implied vol of the option on stock XYZ, you can calculate the market’s expected trading range for stock XYZ over the next few weeks. Alternatively, if there is no option on the stock, you can use the stock’s beta and the VIX to calculate the market’s best guess for that stock’s trading range over the next few weeks.
How accurate are those guesses? As accurate as any human guess about the future is. The benefit of the VIX is that it is the aggregate of many millions of opinions. The collective knowledge of the market.
Mark is not using the VIX to predict economic activity. He is merely pointing out (I think) that market participants are pretty calm and not very worried about huge market moves. Put another way: all of the world’s collective information implies no large surprises within this time frame. That’s it. Nobody is worried a big bank will fail, no country will go bankrupt, no terrorist attacks will happen and no hurricane etc.hammer the oil fields in the Gulf ,etc – not before March 2013.
That doesn’t mean that at some point in the future Moral Hazard won’t come back to bite us mightily in the ass once again. Your stronger argument is that these measures are warped by risk shifting.
methinks-
i get what you are saying. my point is that low levels of the vix are bad indicators of impending volatility if you look at them historically. it does not tend to warn you in advance of big downside moves, even in the very short run.
it tends to be coincident.
That’s true, Morgan. Because nobody is clairvoyant, nobody can predict surprises. That’s why they’re surprises.
But, knowing what the entire world thinks about risk is still valuable information.
also:
these are not really different indexes.
chicago and st louis use many of the same inputs in terms of rates and rate spreads and while chicago is broader, the additional rates and spreads and indexes it uses are all tightly correlated and related to the basic rates and spreads in the st louis index.
all have been heavily adulterated/manipulates/affected by uber aggressive fed policy like zirp, twist, qe, etc.
regardless of whether these indexes once evidenced predictive power, there is absolutely no reason to trust them now as they data upon which they are based does not mean what it used to.
GIGO.
to argue that the fed printing money and buying assets until rates and spreads change is the same signal as rates established by market participants making assessments about risk/reward is pure cargo cult thinking.
I disagree with the title and basic thrust of this article.
Look more closely at all three. In each case, if you superimpose the graph for the last 3 or 6 months over the graph for 2007, the current values are a least a little higher.
Very slowing getting close to the same values, yes. In the case of the VIX, you can say that the current value is roughly the average of 2005-2007. But the VIX bounces around; it just happens to be at the low end of its current range. It tends to have a well defined lower level of its range, but spikes upward. Compare the lower bound of its current range against that in 2005-2007 and it is clearly significantly higher now.A pregnant woman in labor and her boyfriend were carjacked at gunpoint as they were leaving for the hospital early Sunday morning, Annapolis police said.
Around 4:30 a.m., a 911 caller alerted police that two people were being held up in 1800 block of Copeland St. When officers arrived, the suspects fled, stealing the couple's car, police said.
A chase ensued but the suspects abandoned the vehicle near the unit block of Tyler Court and were apprehended by officers on foot, police said. Police charged Devery Kelley, 24, of Glen Burnie and Cornell Robinson, 44, of Washington, D.C. with armed robbery, first-degree assault and various weapon violations. Kelly and Robinson did not have attorneys listed in electronic court records.
The 24-year-old woman told police she and her boyfriend were about to leave for the hospital early Sunday when three men armed with two shotguns and a handgun approached them as they were getting into their car.
The.Copyright © 2015, Chicago TribuneThe move: An anterior chest stretch combined with a static squat.
Works on: Pectoralis and anterior shoulder flexibility. Lower extremity strength.
Level of difficulty: Easy
Precautions: Do not perform this stretch if you have a history of shoulder instability or dislocation. Do not let the head push forward; instead, tuck the chin back and keep the head directly over the shoulders. Do not let the knees move forward past the ankles during the squat. Do not hold your breath or bounce into the stretch.
Set up: Stand with your back to a stable object that is slightly taller than waist high. Place both hands on the object with the palms down and elbows straight. Take half a step forward and prepare for a squat with the feet at least shoulder width apart.
Steps: Perform a squat with the hips moving back, not the knees moving forward. Adjust the distance from the object for comfort. Attempt to keep the torso vertical. Progress the depth of the squat until a strong stretch is felt in the chest and shoulders. Hold the static squat for 30 seconds or more.
Repetitions: Five
Options: Vary the distance the hands are away from each other to change the intensity and location of the stretch.
TITLE: Engineer, Station 22, Division A
YEARS OF SERVICE: 18
AGE: 49
HOME: Point Loma
PERSONAL: Single
ACTIVITIES/INTERESTS: Distance running, skiing, hiking, travelKEY IDEAS
- Recognizing emotions
- Learning information for depicting emotions
- Using careful observation
outline, emotions
YOU WILL NEED
- White paper approximately 7 inches square
- Black markers
- Access to the children before class to have them draw the outline of their faces
- Access to a photocopier to make four prints of each child’s facial outline
Preparation
- Before class, have each child use a black marker to draw the outline or line around his or her face on a 7-inch square piece of paper. They should draw only the outline around their face, although they may include necks and ears. Be sure to put the child’s name on the back of the paper, using pencil. Markers will bleed through the paper.
- Make four copies of each child’s drawing the same size as the original.
- Set out markers and photocopies.
- Explain to the children that they will be working together to show different emotions or feelings in their drawings by looking at how the facial features change.
- Give them the copies of their drawings, keeping them stacked face up and in the same direction. Distribute markers, but ask children not to pick them up yet.
- Describe an emotion, such as happy. Have the children turn to each other and show happy faces. Act out being very happy along with the children, exaggerating your facial features. Ask questions like, “What shape is a smiling mouth? Do the teeth show? Do the eyes change?”
- Ask the children to take the first copy of their face outline and their marker to draw a happy face.
- As the children finish drawing, have them put their markers down, set their drawings aside, and wait for everyone to finish.
- Describe a second emotion, such as sad. Have the children turn to each other and show sad, frowning, perhaps tearful faces. Again act out the emotion along with the children, exaggerating facial changes. Ask questions like, “What shape is a sad mouth? How do the eyes appear? Have the eyebrows changed?”
- Ask the children to take the second copy of their face outline and their marker to draw a sad face.
- As the children finish drawing, have them put their markers down, set their drawings aside, and wait for everyone to finish.
- Describe a third emotion, such as angry. Have the children turn to each other and show angry faces. Again act out the emotion with the children, exaggerating angry features. Ask questions like, “How do my eyebrows change when I am angry? What shape is an angry mouth?”
- Ask the children to take the third copy of their face outline and their markers to draw an angry face.
- Put markers down, set drawing aside, and wait for everyone to finish.
- Describe the fourth emotion, such as afraid. Have the children turn to each other and show frightened, scared faces. When acting with the children, show fear with eyes wide open, mouth open in terror. Ask questions like, “What shape does a mouth take when it screams? What might eyes look like if they saw a ghost or monster?”
- Ask the children to take the fourth copy of their face outline and marker to draw a frightened face.
- Put drawings aside, set down markers, and wait for everyone to finish.
NOTES
- Working together makes this project enjoyable and helps children forget any inhibitions they may have about drawing.
- It’s important to exaggerate each emotion so the children are able to easily recognize the facial changes. Be sure small children understand that you will only be pretending when acting out various emotions, especially angry and frightened.
- The children become very excited, so it's best to keep the class moving along at a fairly quick pace.
- Mount each child’s series of drawings in a line on a colored strip of paper for a fun exhibit.
- Discuss which emotion is depicted in each drawing and what information tells us this.
- Point out that even though we’ve never seen anyone’s hair standing on end, we as artists can choose to draw it that way.
- When you are sad, your smile looks upside down.
- My sad face has tears all the way to the bottom of the paper.
- I’m so frightened that my hair is standing straight up!
- When you are mad, your mouth looks like a straight line.
- Your eyebrows keep moving too.
- I’m ready to do another picture.
-.
- When you are finished, please wait quietly while everyone finishes. It will not take long.29.11.2007
Foreign Minister at the second joint government meeting in Budapest
Vienna, 29 November 2007 - "The countdown is running. In 22 days our neighbourly relations with Hungary will make a European quantum leap with the enlargement of the Schengen area. The disappearance of the border posts and barriers will mark the final removal of traces of the Iron Curtain that separated the two countries for so long - inconceivable 20 years ago, but a reality today," said Foreign Minister Ursula Plassnik today at the second joint Austria-Hungary government meeting. "Hungary is top of the class in preparations and has readied itself conscientiously and far-sightedly for the responsible task of guarding the EU outer border. The enlargement of the common Schengen area will bring more, not less security for us all."
"For the respective populations, Austria and Hungary are both number one in terms of popularity. This joint government meeting is thus not just an expression of the breadth and depth of our close neighbourly relations but also of the importance of networking and close cooperation in a converging Europe," continued Plassnik.
"Hungary is a valued and respected partner at all levels - regional, European and global. Our cooperation is wide-ranging, from our support together of an international ban on cluster munitions to collaboration in the Regional Partnership and closer consular cooperation," stressed the Minister. At the joint government meeting bilateral questions regarding cultural, economic and technical cooperation were discussed along with the latest developments in the European Union. On the margins of the meeting a cooperation agreement on consular representation and tourism was signed by Foreign Ministers Plassnik and Göncz.
"Our consular activity is a particularly dynamic area of Austro-Hungarian cooperation," said Plassnik. The first joint EU visa offices have been opened by Austria and Hungary in Chisinau and Podgorica. The cooperation agreement signed today will enable Austria and Hungary to represent one another in visa questions in selected places outside the EU. "This agreement puts our traditionally good cooperation in visa issues on a new level. This will be of benefit to our citizens and also demonstrates the strength of our mutual trust - the agreement will allow both of us to have representative offices in places where it was not possible in the past."
Plassnik: "Through the targeted mutual support and close cooperation in consular affairs Austria and Hungary are playing a pioneering role in the EU that could act as a model for future European foreign offices," explained Plassnik. "Austrians and Hungarians in difficulty can now turn to the embassies and consulates of the other partner in the countries concerned."
Contact: Federal Ministry for European and international Affairs Press Department Tel.: ++43 (0) 50 1150-3262, 4549, 4550 Fax: ++43 (0) 50 1159-213 abti3(at)bmeia.gv.atDefinition of spindle in English:
noun
-.
- Based on engineering specifications, the most efficient minimum production level of a spinning mill is 30,000 spindles.
- E. europaea
-.
Origin
Old English spinel, from the base of the verb spin.
spin from Old English:’.
Words that rhyme with spindlebrindle, dwindle, kindle, swindle, Tyndale
Definition of spindle in:
- US English dictionary
- English synonyms
- US English synonyms
What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?
Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
Get more from Oxford DictionariesMinnesota Timberwolves Battle L.A. Lakers at STAPLES Center
* Additional fees apply. No coupon or promo codes necessary to enjoy the displayed discount price.
The last date listed for Minnesota Timberwolves vs. Los Angeles Lakers was Tuesday November 9, 2010 / 7:30 Jose Hernandez
view more less of this reviewview more less of this review
Seats were great. Service was awesome. Definitely do it again.
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
It was a hard fought battle but the mighty Lakers grinded one out and got the W. For the price, the section was awesome!! Unfortunately, my girl and I got stuck with seats behind the glass above the section below's entrance; it didn't really...continued
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
It was a great game, neck and neck. Great plays by both teams. Had great fun. Our seats gave us an unobstructed view of the game, that was good because my mom is only 4'5". Took my 91 year old mom to the game, she is an avid Laker fan. I was so...continued
star this review starred report as inappropriatestar this review starred report as inappropriate
Thank you GoldStar! I was really skeptical about purchasing seats that I didn't know exactly where they were. The process was easy, no issue's at will call - vip treatment. No matter where you sit in premier seats - not bad. To to top if off...continued
Website
Description
Kobe Bryant, Pau Gasol and the two-time defending World Champion L.A. Lakers shoot it out against Kevin Love and Michael Beasley of the Minnesota Timberwolves. The T’Wolves are coached by former Lakers great and assistant coach Kurt Rambis, who is looking to improve on the team’s 15-67 record in 2009-10.Our Resource Migration Event has begun! (Click here to learn more about it and how to obtain Beta Resources). You can now turn in your Beta Resources to the "Accord War Bond Vendors" that we have placed in the world. There are two in each POI (generally one close to the printer and one close to the SIN tower) and one in each pocket, and their locations will be marked on your global map. You can keep track of how many resources you have turned in in the achievements menu up until you reach two million and complete the final achievement. We will also be keeping track of the top donators and posting a leaderboard that we will update every few days (starting a week or so into the event), and at the end of the event the top 100 will receive even more prizes! See below for a list of the achievements and the prizes that you unlock by reaching them.
50,000 Beta Resources Donated: "Bought War Bonds"
Unique title unlock:
"Bought War Bonds"
200,000 Beta Resources Donated: "Heeded the Call"
"Burnished" warpaint unlock:
600,000 Beta Resources Donated: "If You Can't Enlist, Invest"
Deployable "Victory" hologram: places a full-sized hologram duplicate of the player who used it (complete with the cosmetics they are wearing) standing at attention and flanked by a banner of the Accord, which remains in place for a short time.
Click image for full-size version
1,200,000 Beta Resources Donated: "For Freedom's Sake"
Your own personal robot pet who is a little bit damaged but nonetheless adorable. We don't have a name for him yet, so we decided that we'd let you choose one! Check out the thread on the forums here to suggest a name, and we'll select our favorites and let you guys vote on which one will make it into the game.
2,000,000 Beta Resources Donated: "The Sky's the Limit"
Accord Emergency Glider: a deployable glider that does not lay down a glider pad, but instead immediately grants glider wings and an upward boost to the user (can be used in midair).
Leaderboard
The top 100 donators will all get special prizes in addition to the ones they get from the achievements including a unique title and forum avatar border. The top 10 will get even more exciting rewards such as custom titles, custom warpaints, and even the chance to work with our designers to create and name their own epic weapons that will then be put into the game for anyone to find and use. More information on these rewards, in addition to leaderboard standing updates, can be found here.
------
As mentioned here, event and its rewards! See you in game!
Note: All rewards will be delivered following the conclusion of the event
!Am glad that you're doing well Douglas, and Lorra.
Its been a while but I vaguely remember being given the contact details of a place in Bristol that (i think) were like a cancer specialist hospital. I had some leaflets given to me by a friend that she had got from there and it listed all these supplements that they recommended patients to take to keep them strong. I remember spending at least £15 a month on selenium etc, but I never had a low count and never had to miss a chemo session. Don't know whether it was to do with all the supplements, but I wasn't a runner then and on the whole was quite unfit.
Hi Doug, Hope you made your next chemo. I also managed to enter the on-line ballot for FLM 2009 before it closed so fingers crossed. Managed to get an infection in spite of "normal" white blood cells so watched marathon on Sunday under duvet feeling very sorry for myself.
My next chemo, number 2 is on Monday. Do you have the white blood cell jab as a single dose or as a course of 5? I had them as a course of 5 but have asked for single dose and am now regretting decision - at least I could cope with course of 5 even though made me feel very shivery and as if I had flu.
Hi Lorra,
Firstly, good luck with chemo 2.
Secondly and in answer to your question I had a single white blood cell jab on a Saturday. It was a tiny injection with a very small needle. I went away as happy as Larry whistling like a schoolboy.
On Sunday, Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday I continued to whistle.
On Thursday the pain started and the hospital provided pain-killers had marginal effect. It was a dull, nagging pain between my elbows and shoulders. On Saturday my GP gave me superior pain-killers (Tramadol), which had the desired effect, though some of the side-effects are not suitable for mentioning on a family forum (one of them was a male only side-effect so won't affect you).
Having said all this it wasn't awful, ghastly type awful. I put it at around 5-6 on a 0-10 misery scale and the second set of pain-killers did work.
Thirdly I try and maintain a germ-free life-style. I don't travel on public transport (luckily I'm self-employed and don't have to commute). I don't go to cinemas and other germ-laden environments. I am also very concious that most infections are caused by a transfer of germs from one's own hands to the mucous membranes of one's nostrils, eyes or mouth. Accordingly, if one can get into the habit of not touching one's face with one's hands, one's risk of infection is lower. Regular and thorough hand-washing is also a benefit.
All the very best with your treatment. Please keep posting on your progress.
Keep happy,
Douglas aka Leaping Wolf
It's now 48 hours after receiving my fifth double dose with half steroids. Still slightly twitchy, but nothing like before and nothing like the reaction that some people have to chemo.
White blood cell count was 2.8, which to my layman's mind, is an amazing leap from the 0.7 seven days earlier.
In theory this is my penultimate set. However last time I saw my oncologist I asked him about having an extra cycle for luck and he didn't exclude the possibility.
Good luck Lorra with your bone marrow jab and I hope it's going OK.
Thanks again for your help folks.
Glad to hear you are coping well Douglas.
Good luck Lorra.
Good that you are feeling better with this cycle Douglas.As for the extra one I,d go for the belt and braces approach.
Lorra good luck for Monday hope the side affects are mild.
kepp going you lovely people
xx
Hi folks,
Tomorrow I'm off for my single dose. Fingers crossed about white blood cell count, but it was pretty high last week, which is a good start.
I started to have very strange mental problems shortly after my last post on the forum. For 3-4 days I suddenly became seriously over-anxious. I mean really, really over-anxious. Normal day to day routine problems, like 1/10 on the seriousness scale, suddenly became like Mount Everest. I then didn't sleep for the worry despite strong doses of sleeping pills. Funnily enough the one issue that I didn't worry about was my health!
It was all very strange and rather unpleasant.
Suddenly I returned to normal, dealt with the molehills and slept like a log.
So things are fine now and, with luck, in 15 hours timeI'll have finished my 5th cycle. I've made a mental note not to make any decisions after my double dose as I'm not of sound mind.
All the best and once again thanks for your support,
Douglas
Best of luck today Douglas.
And look after yourself Lorra
hope you are staying well folks, .........about that strange anxiety stuff Douglas. The brain is a funny thing. hope not too many unpleasant effects this time.
best wishes
Wow! No chemo side effects, but vein problems yet again. I think I that I knocked the canula between blood test time and dose time. The chemo seemed to go in OK, but when the post-chemo saline was put on.....yow and wow.
The nurse de-canulered me and put a new canula in on the other (left) arm, but my right arm is now moderately sore despite liberal applications of Volterol and asprin. Anyway from past experience the pain will pass in a day or two.
Also interested to note that I'm now slightly anemic (10.7). This is a common side effect of chemo, but does explain why I get tired. I'm planning to eat entire herds of liver, spinach and red meat.
Thanks folks,
Survived second dose of chemo - They dosed me up on Lorezepam so cann't remember being sick - Progress. Chemo drugs went in OK but my arm still bruised and sore. Just got my white blood cell injections to go and 1/3 of the way there.
Went for a slow run today - as always good to be out and about. Makes me feel so much more positive. I am losing my hair very rapidly now. A bit upsetting when it first starts to fall out but becoming resigned to it now. I'm trying to look forward to the day it will all grow back!
((((((Douglas and Lorra))))))
Glad that's another one off the list for you both. xxx
Inspired and moved by you both as always.Lorra - sorry to hear you are losing your hair and finding it upsetting - my sis had hers cut very very short and found it lasted better that way. Also it wasn't so surprising to others when it finally disappeared altogether.
Thinking strong thoughts for you both.xx
((((Douglas and Lorra))))
I have'nt visited this thread in a while and have just caught up. It's really wonderful of you to share your experiences in such a positive and enlightening way.
I wish you both the very bestMr. Grieve: The trouble is that those people are correct. If one looks at the ordinary meaning of the Bill and removes the discretion of the Attorney-General, people are absolutely correct that it would be a major fetter on freedom of speech. The hon. Member for Birmingham, Perry Barr (Mr. Mahmood) said that "The Satanic Verses" would be open to prosecution under the Bill, and I must say that I think he was right. That might never happen, but under the exact terms of what the Bill says, it would be the result of putting it on the statute book.
Mr. Denham: Precisely the same objections were made about the Public Order Act 1986, but they have not proved to be the case in practice. The problem is not primarily the Bill as it standsI shall address its contents in a momentbut the way in which it is perceived outside. Some people believe that the Bill will protect their religious belief from any type of criticism or insult, but it will not. The Government have the major challenge of explaining the Bill to people outside the House.
Although I had a bit of harmless fun with the hon. Gentleman about the relationship between the Bill and the 1986 Act, it is not clear whether the Bill's wording would inadvertently lower the threshold of the test for the impact of what people say. I have read the measure on many occasions and have changed my view several times about whether it would lower the threshold. I do not believe that the Government intended to lower the threshold, so I welcome the Secretary of State's commitment to examine such matters in Committee. There is a case for changing the wording to make it clear that people are the focus of the Bill, and it is important that we do not inadvertently introduce a much lower test.
Miss Ann Widdecombe (Maidstone and The Weald) (Con):
I add my congratulations to those of other Members to the hon. Member for Dewsbury (Mr. Malik). His maiden speech was indeed a delight to listen to. It was full of humour and not altogether uncontroversial, but neither was mine. I hope that he
21 Jun 2005 : Column 712
enjoys his time in this place as much as I have enjoyed mineand that is as friendly as I am going to get tonight.
The Bill is the latest in the long line of oppressive measures that has come out of this Government. However, this one is especially dangerous. At the end of the last Parliament, we passed a Bill that managed to prohibit us even from smacking a naughty child without some busybody turning up with a magnifying glass to see whether that had left a mark. This Bill will curtail not action, but the free expression of thought, which has always been the underlying tenet of our democracy. It did not matter whether one was a fascist or a communist, whether one was a militant evangelical street preacher or a militant atheist, or whether one was a carefully spoken professor of philosophy at Oxford or Alf Garnett, because whoever one was and whatever one thought, one was able to express those thoughts freely. One did not have to work out what someone else might think of those thoughts and decide what to do about them several stages down the line.
I am worried about the definition of intention. The Bill will not be restricted to covering the intended stirring up of religious hatred because, as it says, it will apply if an action is "likely" to stir up religious hatred. A person might not think that his or her actions are likely to result in the stirring up of religious hatred, but if an act of religious hatred follows and someone wants to contend that the person should have thought that that would be likely, what matters is not the intention, but what another party has done.
I shall draw an analogy away from the subject of religion to explain why I am worried. I frequently make speeches about the pro-life issue. Let us suppose that I address an audience with an impassioned speech about what goes on in abortion clinics, as I frequently do, and make the judgment that the audience will be sympathetic to what I say, as they usually are. I could say, "If we could see the unborn children going into those clinics, we would rise up against it." I have used the expression "rise up against it" many times and I mean it metaphorically. It might be that the audience was made up of 100 people and that 99 went away and all they did was to hand out pro-life leaflets. However, one person might take what I said so much to heart that he committed an act of violence against a clinic or, worse still, against someone going to work in a clinic.
That is an analogy, but if I were a vicar, which I will never be because that is something else that I disapprove of, I could be addressing my congregation after making the judgment that it was the usual Sunday morning congregation, so they knew me and I knew them. I might use a metaphor, but someone in the congregation could take the metaphor literally and go out and do something of which manifestly none of us would approve. Under the Bill, I could then be charged with the offence of saying something that was likely to stir up religious hatred. The vague definitions in the Bill seriously undermine it. I would be more reassured if the Bill was about intent, but the definition goes way beyond that.
Then there is the definition of what is a religion. If I say that I think that devil worship should be outlawed, is that stirring up religious hatred? If I say that I do not think that Satanism should be encouraged in Her Majesty's prisonsby the way, I do notis that stirring up religious hatred? Some of the best conversations that
21 Jun 2005 : Column 713
I have ever had have been with the hon. Member for North Antrim (Rev. Ian Paisley). We have had fantastic conversations in the Lobbies. What we have said would probably not bear much scrutiny under the proposed legislation. However, the hon. Gentleman and I have enjoyed our conversations, and I want to ensure that people can continue enjoying the freedom of religious debate, which I think will be severely curtailed under the Bill.
I do not believe in inciting hatred that results in violent acts, or hatred that results in serious discrimination. However, I believe in the right freely to criticise, and to do so in the strongest possible terms. If one of the hon. Gentleman's band of followers wants to stand in the street, point his finger to me and say, "Ann Widdecombe, you are bound for hell", I do not want to go whimpering to a policeman. I want to turn back and say to him, "Now let us discuss that because I have got absolute proof, mate, not you." That is how I want to react. That is democracy. That is a free society. That is human beings having the basic confidence in their own convictions to accommodate other people's convictions regardless of how offensive they might be to them.
There was a time when that was an ordinary way of British life. We do not need to sacrifice it in the name of yet another load of oppression from the Government, another load of political correctness and another serious removal of freedom from our country.
Mr. Jamie Reed (Copeland) (Lab):. It will be a privilege to serve alongside him.
First and foremost, I pay tribute to my predecessor, the recently ennobled Dr. Jack Cunningham. For 35 years, Dr. Cunningham served Copeland with dedication, diligence, foresight and no small amount of flair. His example is that of what can be achieved by ordinary working-class children with the right opportunities, encouragement and ambition. Dr. Cunningham has left me with a solid legacy upon which I hope to buildrecord levels of employment in Copeland, huge investments in schools with accompanying increases in standards, improving public services and, in Whitehaven, a town that has been transformed.
As a constituent, I, like many others, will miss Dr. Cunningham. However, as a friend and successor I know that he is, literally, not too far away from this place and that he will be on hand to give advice, both solicited and unsolicited, in the coming years. I hope sincerely that I can emulate his achievements.
I wish to thank Thompson and Frances May Reed, without whose support, advice and example I would not be standing in the House today. It is a sincere privilege and pleasure to be a Member of the House. However, I am cautious of becoming that which many people refer to as a parliamentarian. I am well aware of how this environment can captivate those who work within it. It
21 Jun 2005 : Column 714
has the power to cajole Members into its privileged embrace and, in some instances, to encourage those very same Members to forget why it was that they fought to enter the House in the first place.
I stand before the House as someone who has the sincere honour of representing the constituency of my birth, mindful that I am here to ensure that Parliament serves the needs of my constituents and not simply the needs of itself. I am genuinely proud to represent the people who I grew up with and the communities within which I grew up. They have placed an enormous amount of trust in me and I will do everything within my power to repay their faith.
Without doubt, Copeland is the most beautiful constituency within the whole of England. My constituencymy homecan be found on the west Cumbrian coast. Wastwater, England's deepest lake and Scafell Pike, England's tallest mountain, reside within it. This extraordinary environment produces extraordinary people who in turn are capable of extraordinary achievements.
From the village of Distington in the north to the town of Millom in the south, and through the mining villages of Pica, Lowca, Parton and Moresby, we can see the sort of community spirit that is all too rare in modern Britaina community spirit that is based upon mutual support, shared experiences and a commitment to compassion and solidarity in times of need. Those villages represent that sorts of communities upon which our great nation was founded and the untapped potential that we still possess.
Just south of those villages is the town of Whitehaven, once one of Britain's most prosperous and important ports, and today one of our hidden national treasures. The harbour dates back to 1664 and was for many years a major trading post with the new world. Those links to and with the United States continue to this day and are perhaps best illustrated by my informing the House that the grandmother of George Washington is buried in the grounds of Whitehaven's St. Nicholas church alongside her servant, an African slave.
As a staging post for the young Jonathan Swift, the view of the town from the surrounding high ground is reputed to have provided the inspiration for Lilliput, the fictional land of "Gulliver's Travels". Further, the town's pre-eminent maritime reputation was recorded in the middle of the 19th century by the great American novelist Herman Melville in his epic book "Israel Potter", in which he chronicled the famous invasion of the town by the American continental navy during the opening years of the war of independence. As 2005 is the international year of the sea, there can be no better place within the UK to celebrate it than in Whitehaven. This weekend, in excess of 250,000 people will do just that as they flock from throughout the country to take part in this town's biennial maritime festival. I urge my right hon. and hon. Friends, if they have the chance, to do the same.
Leaving Whitehaven, we travel through the towns of Cleator Moorhome to Keir Hardie, Robert Owen and William Morris avenues, which perhaps gives a clue as to the politics of the townand the medieval town of Egremont, which is now world famous for its crab fair and annual gurning championship. South of that lies Seascale, Calder Bridge, Ennerdale, Wasdale and
21 Jun 2005 : Column 715
Ravenglass, before we encounter the outstanding natural beauty of south Copeland and the villages of Waberthwaite, Bootle and Haverigg. The south of Copeland is known for its remarkable meats and delicacies and its superb locally produced beers, all of which are on a par with, or better than, anything that is produced on the continent. Until now, I have deliberately omitted to mention Santon Bridge, the venue for the internationally renowned biggest liar in the world competition. I have never been an entrant in that competition and my speech is not an application to take part in this year's event.
It is only right that I now pay tribute to all of those exceptional men and women from my constituency who have served so honourably in our armed forces. This proud tradition continues to this day and I send my respect, gratitude and thanks to all thoseand their familieswho are in service on our behalf.
I do not pretend to be the authentic voice of my generation, but as we prepare to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the end of the second world war I must, on behalf of my generation, offer a long-overdue gesture of thanks to that generation who fought against the tyranny of fascism. My generation owes all that it has to that golden generation of men and women. Our thanks may perhaps be best expressed by working to ensure that those who gave everything they had to ensure the survival and prosperity of my generation are now looked after properly by us and allowed to live their lives with the dignity and respect that they deserve in the embrace of a grateful nation.
I have taken care to mention many, but by no means all, of the communities within my constituency, as those communities have selflessly served this country for centuries. In 1778, the townsfolk of Whitehaven repelled the invading forces of the American continental navy, led by a one-time son of the town and founder of the American fleet, John Paul Jones. That attack sent a tremor throughout the empire, proving that our island was not impenetrable and that the colonial rebels were serious about their intentions. That service for our country by the people of my town established an esprit de corps which has since been replicated throughout all the communities of my constituency, and remains so until this day.
When the nation's appetite for coal and iron ore was at its peak, the men, women and children of Copeland gave their good health and often their lives to feed that hunger. My great grandfather, whose body still remains entombed alongside those of his friends and fellow workers in the ruins of Whitehaven's Haig pit, is one such example. The need for coal to fuel the development of the nation and the empire led to an undersea pit being sunk at Saltom, a feat of engineering akin to the construction of the channel tunnel. Work began in 1729 and by 1731 the pit had reached a depth of 456 ft. It represented the first attempt at undersea mining in England and was the deepest undersea mine ever at that time. It was described at the time by its architect and driving force, Carlisle Spedding as
"perhaps the boldest thing that was ever undertaken."
That was done in the service of our nation.
21 Jun 2005 : Column 716
During the second world war, a small west Cumbrian village produced munitions for the war effort. Following the end of the war and the actions of the US Congress in withdrawing from co-operation on an Anglo-American nuclear research programme, this area, known as Sellafield, was chosen as the site at which our country should produce materials for our nuclear deterrent. It was done in the service of our nation. Soon thereafter Sellafield became home to the world's first commercial-scale nuclear power station. That, too, was done in the service of our nation. The passage of time in no way lessens the value of that service or the relevance of those feats. Far from being a distant folk memory, the legacy of those achievements can still be seen from Copeland.
The House will be aware that the UK's nuclear liabilities, from both civil and nuclear military programmes, in the service of this nation remain within my constituency, and that the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority was rightly established by the Government to deal with those liabilities. More than 60 per cent. of all the jobs in my constituency stem directly and indirectly from Sellafield. Consequently, the future of the site and the economic future of my constituency are inextricably linked. Copeland is home to what is probably the single largest concentration of nuclear engineering, operational and technical skills anywhere in the world. That unique skills base represents a priceless national asset and it must be utilised and built upon for the well-being of Britain as a whole, not just my constituency.
Debates in the House about the nuclear industry, particularly the parts based in my constituency, have too often been characterised by wilful ignorance and knowing distortion of the facts. I will never stand idly by while hon. Members play politics with the livelihood of my constituents. For as long as I remain in the House, I hope to be able to contribute a factual voice of reason, not only in this but in many other debates in the years ahead. There will soon come a time when my constituency will ask for its service to the nation to be recognised and rewarded. When that time arrives, I will work to secure the support of the House to ensure that that voice is heard and the debt honoured.
Earlier, I made reference to Whitehaven's regrettable involvement in the slave tradea practice unquestionably built upon racial hatred. Like many constituencies, Copeland is now an increasingly multiracial, multicultural area and it is the better for it. Legislation such as this Bill is required to ensure that Britain not only safeguards but improves its record on protecting civil rights and liberties. It will also further cultural understanding and social integration. Against a backdrop of rising race-related crime in some areasNorthern Ireland in particular, if the figures published yesterday are to be believedand the growth of far-right parties in the UK, it is difficult to present a coherent objection to the Bill. I am satisfied that, provided it is undertaken in a sensible, sensitive and effective manner, the implementation of the law envisaged by the Bill would not result in critics' fears being realised. Instead, it would complement existing legislation while assisting in the development of a culture of mutual respect and acceptance among all our many faiths and cultures. TheTom Cruise, Tabloids Settle Defamation Suit
Actor Tom Cruise speaks as actor Ben Stiller is honored with a hand and footprint ceremony at the TCL Chinese Theatre on December 3, 2013 in Los Angeles, California. (credit: Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Top Features
LOS ANGELES (AP) —.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)Berghain doorman interviewed
Fantastic NYT interview with famously strict Berlin techno-temple bouncer on Berlin, clubbing and the fall of the Wall.
The Flaming Lips see your deluxe-edition, 180-gram vinyl, and raise you a real, actual human skull.
Published: 30/09/11
After releasing their songs on a USB inside a neon gummy-skull, the Flaming Lips have gone one further and attached a portable harddrive containing one 24-hour-long track to the inside of five human skulls.
Apparently to be purchased from local skull supplier (lead singer Wayne Coyne lives in Oklahoma) Skulls Unlimited, all the skulls have already been pre-ordered, despite the $5,000 price tag.
For the vast majority of the human race who have not bought the skull, below is a section of their recent, six-hour long song.
The Flaming Lips – Found a Star on the Ground [Part One of Three] by Slow•Nerve•Action.Stretch Tent Manufacturer
RHI is a stretch tent manufacturer renowned worldwide for quality, design and service.
Stretch Tents – The Beginning. We haven’t stopped designing, testing and innovating since then. And even though we now supply a leading product worldwide, we never will …
Quality.
Read more about why buy from RHI stretch tent manufacturer.
Our Team
We’re experts when it comes to stretch tents. We’ll happily help with any questions you have about the product or the industry. Contact us with any questions.
Our Commitment to Safety
Our tents are manufactured to international safety regulations.
Our Mission
To keep making the next generation stretch tent.DEGREE APPLICATIONS
Dear Applicants:
By applying for any Pleasant Relationships degree, you attest to the following:
As required by the PR Honor Code, I am applying with my own personal name, NOT the name of another. I further acknowledge that if I apply for this degree in someone else’s name, without their knowledge and permission, this application automatically becomes null and void. I further agree that, by violating application rules, I can have my use of PR revoked, as stipulated by the Honor Code.
Upon receiving the HvD degree, you will be officially recognized as a Doctor of Haveitism and may affix the appropriate appendages to your name. A generic posting of your name might look something like this: Dr. John Doe, HvD! No further privileges may be assumed!
By submitting your application for the HvD degree, you pledge that all of your individual Drag Factor scores are 5 or less and that your accumulative Drag Factor score is 32 or less.
SUBMIT APPLICATION FOR HvD DEGREE
Upon receiving the WtD degree, you will be officially recognized as a Pleasant Relationships Doctor of Withism. You may then affix the appropriate appendages to your name. A generic posting of your name might look something like this: Dr. Jane Smith, WtD! Moreover, as a Doctor of Withism, you will be recognized as a School of Pleasant Relationships Professor. Consequently, you may then use the Pleasant Relationships eBook to train and help others reach a higher and loftier level of character.
By submitting your application for the WtD degree, you pledge that you are a HAVEIT first and, additionally, have one individual WITHIT Savvy Factor score of 7 or more, or that your accumulative WITHIT Savvy Factor score is 36 or more.
SUBMIT APPLICATION FOR WtD DEGREEGalleries
Blogs
Give
n
Go
Shop Ball
n
Roll
Blogs
/
Exclusive Access
Larry Tanenbaum
The man who brought the Raptors to Canada, and chairman of MLSE
Gad Elmaleh / BALLnROLL.com
There’s a cautious optimism among Raptors fans this summer. After seven years at the helm—some good, some bad—Bryan Colangelo parted ways with the organization to be replaced by his one-time protégé, Masai Ujiri. Ujiri has taken little time in implementing his vision for the franchise and tying up loose ends—the most obvious being the imperative trade of Andrea Bargnani to the Knicks. The Raptors are therefore at a crossroads: A new G.M., the departure of an enigmatic player, and the promise of more changes to come.
But throughout the team’s 19 seasons in the Association there’s been one constant—one familiar face sitting courtside at the ACC—MLSE chairman, and owner of the team, Larry Tanenbaum. Mr. Tanenbaum, a Toronto native, is a giant of Canadian business and philanthropy, beginning his business career in the 1960s when he started his long tenure as president of Kilmer Van Nostrand Co. Limited, a hugely successful construction business.
In 1991, of course, he was at the forefront of an effort to bring an NBA franchise to Toronto, an effort that obviously didn’t go to waste. In 2007 Tanenbaum’s business and philanthropic efforts were recognized by the Canadian government and he was appointed an Officer of the Order of Canada—the most prestigious award a civilian can receive.
We recently had the honour of sitting down with the man himself to discuss his love of basketball, charity work, and dear to our hearts at BALLnROLL, his sharp sense of style— And yes, we think Mr. Tanenbaum is one of the best dressed owners in the Association.
BALLnROLL
: In 1991 you spearheaded the effort to bring a NBA franchise to Toronto. Today, you are the chairman of MLSE and have a 25% ownership of the Toronto Raptors. Where did this passion for sports and basketball come from?
Larry Tanenbaum
: I was born and grew up in Toronto, so from a very early age I was a big fan of the Maple Leafs. During my years at Cornell University, I was privileged to act as Team Manager for the Big Red Hockey Club under Ned Harkness. He was a great coach and not only knew how to build a network to recruit some of the best players ever to play at Cornell, but set a great example with his leadership, dedication, hard work and good sportsmanship. My successes, first in the heavy civil construction and road building business and later in the business of sports, were all rooted in the examples set for me by people who were and are very important to me, and Ned Harkness was one of those people. My love for all sports grew out of my early exposure to people who themselves were great fans.
BnR
: Were you a fan of the NBA growing up and do you have any NBA memories that stand out to you?
LT
: I was a big fan of two of the "original 17" teams - the Boston Celtics and the New York Knicks - and both these teams are still operating today. Who can ever forget watching great players like Celtics Bill Russell, Larry Bird, Bob Cousy, Dave Cowens, Coach Red Auerbach, and the Knicks Bill Bradley, Charles Oakley, Willis Reed and Walt Frasier. These players were huge in their day and a joy to watch.
BnR
: You are regularly seen courtside at Raptor games. You travel to AllStar games and attend many NBA events. Being a visual owner, has the pressure of the Toronto Raptors to succeed and make the playoffs trickled down to you?
LT
: As an owner and a fan, I am all about winning - and bringing the championship to Toronto. All of us at Maple Leaf Sports feel the pressure to succeed and we are working hard to produce championship teams.
BnR
: How did you bring Masai Ujiri to Toronto and is it true you gave him carte blanche going forward to rebuild the Raptors?
LT
: Masai is a former member of our Raptor family and when the opportunity arose, he was at the top of the list of candidates for the job. He was approached by our CEO, Tim Leiweke, and the rest is history. Masai has the confidence of the Board and management to make whatever decisions are needed to build a championship team.
BnR
: Is there a goal for the Raptors to reach this year, if not reached would be another failed year? What would be that goal in your eyes?
LT
: This year we are planning to build on the strengths of the team and to address the weaknesses. Any year in which the Coaches and players put forward their best efforts is not a failed year. There is something to be learned every time a game is played.
BnR
: Mount Sinai, Baycrest, Shulich , CIJA , UJA, I can go on and on about the many boards you’re on and charities you’re involved with, how has your father and mother shaped you to be so involved, give back and never forget your Jewish heritage?
LT
: My father, Max Tanenbaum, was a great entrepreneur and industrialist, who with only a sixth grade education, left the ravages of Europe to find hope and prosperity in this remarkable home we all share here in Ontario. Max was a man of vision, but more than anything, he was a man of honour - his word was his bond.
My father and mother, Anne, exemplified the values of "tzedakah" (charity) and instilled them in us. My mother was a great believer in education and together with my father, supported many educational endeavours, including the Centre for Jewish Studies at the University of Toronto, TanenbaumCHAT, and 10 Research Chairs at the University of Toronto and 4 Toronto teaching hospitals. It is important to my family and me that we do our best to set the stage for a much deeper understanding between people of many faiths and cultures. This, for me, is the very essence of our great country, Canada, a beacon of multiculturalism and pluralism.
BnR
: I can see you’re involved with many hospitals, tell us about your recent $35 million dollar donation to Mount Sinai. What made you give such a large gift and why specifically to Mount Sinai?
LT
: I have been proudly associated with Mount Sinai Hospital for over 30 years. I remember well the vision, planning and commitment to build a Research Institute within the hospital and I remember the tremendous sense of achievement and excitement that accompanied the official opening of the Institute in 1985. I have closely followed its progress under the outstanding leadership of Dr. Lou Siminovitch, Dr. Allan Bernstein, Dr. Tony Pawson and now, Dr. Jim Woodgett. I have witnessed its greatness. I have experienced the tremendous contribution it has made to patient care, teaching and research in our community. I have had the privilege of becoming intimately familiar with the work of this world renowned Institute.
There are many reasons for the greatness and success of the Samuel Lunenfeld Research Institute.
- Our reseachers' desire to succeed is infectious,
- Our scientists' work is driving medicine in the new millennium,
- Their groundbreaking discoveries are truly amazing.
Having said that, I know that you will understand when I tell you what an inspiration their work and its possibilities have been for me.
I wished to find an innovative way to partner with the government in supporting our researchers and their groundbreaking work on all our behalf.
With that goal in mind, you can understand my intent in making my gift.
I want to help the research community & our renowned scientists build on their strengths.
BnR
: In our opinion, you’re one of the best dressed owners in the league. Where do you get your fashion sense and what does fashion mean to you?
LT
: Thank you. I believe it is important to dress appropriately for the occasion. Any fashion sense I have I owe to my wife, Judy, who has an excellent eye for fashion.
BnR
: Well dressed, successful and charming, why aren’t you on Dragons Den and if they asked you to be, would you accept?
LT
: Thank you. My busy work and travel schedule would make it difficult for me to commit to such a venture - I will stick to enjoying the show whenever I have an opportunity to watch it.
Posted on Jul 17, 2013
See All
Join the Conversation
Name:
Response:
Tweets by @BALLnROLL
|
|
Privacy & Terms of Use
|
Affiliates
Website Created by
Blue Lemon Media
| Website designed by
Michael CranisOver the past couple of years there has been considerable hype around saas, hosted or cloud based solutions – the managed file transfer marketplace has been no different. …Read more →
Posts Tagged ‘gartner’
GT News have just published a great article written by Jonathan Lampe (Vice President of Product Management at Ipswitch) regarding data transfer requirements under PCI DSS. …Read more →DETROIT (AP) - percent.
(Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)DIVEMASTER.CA
Lets Go Diving !
As many of you know I love to go diving and I have many nice reefs
including historic shipwrecks and the Boeing 737 artificial reef that I
would like to share with you. We boast lots of great critters and some
very cool topology.
Due to the current state of the economy and lots of other activities
that we are engaged in we have downsized our operation to the 17ft Fat
Cat and limited our availability to mostly weekends. I still take
out individuals accompanying you as divemaster. I have never turned a
diver away but it is best that you are an experienced diver particularly
in cold water.
Advance bookings are absolutely necessary in order to schedule our
availability and meet your expectations. Email me to find out about our availability as soon as possible,
include dates that you would like to dive how many divers you are and
your experience.
Note: We do not rent equipment other than supply tanks and lead. I
am sorry to say that we also do not provide tank filling for non-charter
customers.Brennan
This pattern is available as a single download. It is also published in the ebook collection, Homestead Cables.
B.
For more information, see:...Three persons arrested in connection with the murder of a fisherman following a disagreement over a fishing net, were last Tuesday put before a District Magistrate’s Court in Accra.
The accused persons — Daniel Sekafa, alias Della, 23, a fisherman, and his brother, Eric Sekafa, 26, also a fisherman — are standing trial together with Stephen Ahiakpor, 26, a mason.
They are facing two counts of murder and conspiracy to commit crime for the death of Lumor Abateye, a 34-year-old fisherman whose body was retrieved from the Densu River where he had gone fishing.
Fact of the case
The courtroom was packed with family members of the deceased and the three accused persons.
Presenting the facts of the case, Sergeant Maxwell Ayim said a 13-year-old boy, in the company of one Joyce Akplah, an aunt of the deceased, reported to the Anyah Police that some people had attacked Abateye on the Densu River at Agape Down on May 5, 2014.
He told the court, presided over by Mrs Roberta Enyonam Otriso, that the boy had accompanied his father on a fishing expedition on the Densu River.
The boy and his father had first harvested fish and were casting their net for the second harvest when Daniel approached them.
The complainant said Daniel claimed the net Abateye was using belonged to him (Daniel).
When his father denied that claim, Daniel went to the bank of the river and invited the two others to join him to beat Abateye with a piece of bamboo.
Harvested fish
The accused persons ordered Abateye to come out of his canoe and when he obeyed their order, his harvested fish was emptied from the net into the river.
According to the prosecution, Daniel took Abateye’s fishing net to the bank and handed it over to his (Daniel’s) mother to send it home and returned to join the two in the beating.
Meanwhile, they ordered the boy to swim to the bank or they would kill him.
The boy, therefore, swam for safety and informed his father’s auntie who accompanied him to the police station to lodge a complaint.
It was said that Abateye fell into the river when one of the accused persons hit his head with a bamboo.
Body found in river
The police, the prosecution said, went to the crime scene with the complainants and, with the help of a search party, found the body of the deceased in the river.
The prosecutor said through police investigations, the suspects were arrested later from their hideout at Weija.
The fishing net was also retrieved from the mother of two of the suspects, Daniel and Eric.
Remand
The prosecutor suggested that the suspects be remanded to enable the police to complete their investigations.
The accused were refused bail and remanded into prison custody to reappear on June 13, 2014.
Writer’s email: [email protected]
This article has 0 comment, leave your comment.
We encourage submissions from diverse disciplinary perspectives that addresses these and related themes. Those interested in participating should submit a paper abstract of no more than 300 words and a recent CV as email attachments (PDF format preferred) by February 1, 2010 to the following address: sacredconference@gmail.combooks
movies
Lady Anna Book Review Summary
Anthony Trollope Booklist
Anthony Trollope Message Board
Detailed plot synopsis reviews of Lady Anna
Lady Anna's father was a dissolute nobleman who abandoned his wife and baby girl, leaving them in poverty. For years, their only friends were a tailor and his son, also a tailor. Lady Anna and the tailor's son are in love. But now her father dies abroad and there arises the question of his will. If Lady Anna inherits, she will be fabulously wealthy, marry into nobility (her mother hopes) and be accepted by the English aristocracy. The inheritance is in doubt because another question has arisen regarding the legitimacy of Lady Anna's parents' marriage. If it turns out she is illegitimate, the money will go to a lord from another branch of the family, who are gentleman and ladies, but not rich. This lord inherits the title of Lady Anna's father.
The drama turns on the inheritance and Lady Anna's romance with the tailor's son, a fine intelligent worthy man, but low born. Her mother fiercely desires that they break up. She and the other branch of the family want Lady Anna to marry the lord. If he inherits the money, she will be rich. If she inherits the money, he will be rich. The solution is ideal to everyone but Anna and the tailor's son.
Love or status? That is Anna's choice. The idea of her marrying a poor tailor is unthinkable to almost everyone around her, even if she does not get the money. The idea of her inheriting the money and bestowing it on a tailor is even worse! The lord is gentle but almost arrogant in his position and class. The tailor is honest and hardworking, but a rebel who despises rich idlers.
A very entertaining book.
The review of this Book prepared by Fenella
What did you like or hate about this book:
Name:
Anti-Spam mechanism:
Please enter the number 42 plus two in the right box.
Chapter Analysis of Lady Anna
Click on a plot link to find similar books!
Plot & Themes
Tone of book?
- thoughtful
Time/era of story
- 1600-1899
Romance/Romance Problems
-
Yes
Is this an adult or child's book?
- Adult or Young Adult Book
Lover is
-
of a different social class
Unmarried Love Triangle?
-
Yes
Main Character
Gender
- Female
Profession/status:
- wealthy
Age:
- 20's-30's
Ethnicity/Nationality
- British
Setting
How much descriptions of surroundings?
- 4 ()
Europe
- Yes
Misc setting
- fancy mansion
Writing Style
Amount of dialog
- roughly even amounts of descript and dialog
Books with storylines, themes & endings like Lady Anna
The Reckoning by
Cynthia Harrod-Eagles
Wives and Daughters by
Elizabeth Gaskell
Trilby by
George Du Maurier
Doctor Thorne by
Anthony Trollope
The American by
Henry James
Anthony Trollope Books
Note: the views expressed here are only those of the reviewer(s).
2 Ways to Search!
Or
Our Chief LibrarianI was fortunate to be able to present at ULearn this month and really enjoyed the experience. As I am currently in Edinburgh this required additional organisation and communication with the organisers of the Conference. I have just completed my Presenters Survey providing feedback to the ULearn organisers and uploaded my Presenters Materials which finishes the process for me for 2010 and I am happy to say that the entire thing was a complete delight from start to finish.
The process began with my submission to present at the Conference on behalf of my school, Shelly Park, and the Eastnet Cluster we are part of. I was very happy when my submission was accepted and prepared my presentation with the idea of presenting in person in Christchurch. That changed when I had to return to Scotland but as I was still very keen to present I contacted the organisers and asked if it might be possible to still present via skype. Sherry Crisp was very helpful and supportive and assured me that this was very possible. I decided to first present at the Eastnet Cluster Expo to share my findings with other professionals in our Cluster and also as part of my preparation for ULearn.
Presenting at the Eastnet Expo (click here for the link to relevant post) allowed me to prepare for potential technical difficulties at ULearn. I attempted to avoid these by giving my co-presenter, Ruth Aw, a copy of my Powerpoint Presentation along with the video clips I wanted to include and the handout for the attendees so that she had that with her in Christchurch. We practised skyping several times and I successfully shared my screen and maintained effective audio and video contact throughout. However, when it came to presenting the workshop the share the screen facility dropped off. Despite re-starting and logging out of skype I couldn't correct the problem. I continued with the audio and talked Ruth through the slideshow by asking her to click onto the next slide or advance the animations to accompany what I was saying. This must have been a bit distracting for the audience. I think it would have been helpful to have given Ruth my presenter's notes with the slides numbered beside each paragraph and then she would have been able to progress the slides without me. Something for me to consider next time!
I found the audience absolutely fantastic and was thrilled that they had several questions for me at the end. I hope that some will be interested in continuing the conversation either by commenting on this blog or in the Discussion section of the wiki. The feedback about the workshop was very positive and some people said they were inspired to trial something similar within their own school which was encouraging. It would be great to hear how they are getting on and I am happy to answer any questions or queries anyone has about the process.
4 comments:
Hi Victoria!
So glad to hear that it went well and that you presented in such an interesting way too! Very wise to have had a plan B up your sleeve in the case of Skype misbehaving. I've presented a workshop in a similar way and it is quite a strange experience! It was clearly very worthwhile for both you and your audience. I hope all is going well over in Scotland.
Great work Victoria - am so stoked to hear that it went without too many hitches with Skype. I can imagine the crowd would have loved working with you and I'm sure you have inspired many of them with the fantastic things you did. I look forward to hearing more!
Amanda
Hi Victoria
thanks for sharing this story - it's fabulous to see how teachers/schools are using opportunities like the ULearn conference to validate and celebrate the professional learning that is going on through the year in classrooms and schools. I applaud your 'risk-taking' and the way you've shared this story with others - I hope it inspires them to step out in a similar way.
It was great to think that you could still deliver even from Scotland, What a canny wee lassie you are. Well done Vic, I heard it was received really well. A great job.Tacoma Traffic Cameras
This map shows traffic flow and cameras located along the
freeways of the Pierce County.
NEW! -- Gig Harbor Cameras
Click a camera to view current traffic conditions.
With newer browsers, this map will automatically reload every 3 minutes
All Maps Courtesy of Washington
State Department of Transportation
A note to users about commenting changesSanta Monica, CAUSA 90405
October 22, 2012
I'm interested in how we can make pages seem speedy to users even if we're doing all kinds of fancy stuff they don't know about.
Considerations when developing for non-desktop browsers.
I don't think I've broken any new ground just yet.
No answer yet
No answer yet
I'm a dude, playing a dude, disguised as another dude. I'm a web developer (engineer, if I'm feeling fancy), too I guess.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyKingsfoil
When: 7 p.m. Saturday
Where: The Chameleon Club, 223 N. Water St., Lancaster
About: The York County band caps a big year with this hometown-adjacent show. "Malcolm in the Middle" star Frankie Muniz joined the group in the spring. Earlier this month, he revealed that he had a mini stroke. But he was able to recoup and hit the road again with his bandmates Jordan Davis, Tristan Martin and Tim Warren. Bells, Symphony Of Sound and Jesse Baker Music are also on the bill for Saturday's show.
Cost: $10 to $12
Details: 717-299-9684;
Get The Led Out
When: 8 p.m. Saturday
Where: The Forum, in the Capital Complex, 5th and Walnut streets, Harrisburg
About: Led Zeppelin fans are in luck: This Philadelphia-based group recreates the band's studio recordings to the note. The six multi-instrumentalists even crank out tunes that Zeppelin never performed live. Get into the groove in advance of the 65th anniversary of John Bonham's birth this May. (The Zeppelin drummer passed away in 1980.
Cost: $29 and $34
Details: 717-214-ARTS;
Classical Mystery Tour: A Tribute to The Beatles
When: 7:30 p.m. Monday and Jan. 5
Where: American Music Theatre, 2425 Lincoln Highway East, Lancaster
About: Beatlemania still has a grip on the region nearly 50 years after the British band first invaded the charts. Time travel back to the band's bubble-gum pop phase from the early 1960s with this tribute act accompanied by the Lancaster Symphony Orchestra. Musicians Jim Owen, Tony Kishman, John Brosnan and Chris Camilleri take on the instruments and personas of John, Paul, George and Ringo, respectively.
Cost: $75
Details: 717-397-7700;
Halestorm
When: 8 p.m. Monday
Where: Baltimore Soundstage, 124 Market Place, Baltimore, Md.
About: Halestorm, which has roots in Red Lion, was nominated for its first Grammy earlier this month. It will celebrate the nod and the New Year during a sold-out show in Baltimore. The band is slated for a short southern run in early 2013 before heading to Europe in March. Bad Seed Rising, comprised of Maryland tweens, opens the Monday concert.
Cost: Sold out
Details: 410-244-0057;
The Next
Where: Fed Live, 234 N. Second St., Harrisburg
About: New rock band The Next will play a New Year's Eve show at Harrisburg's newest live music venue, Fed Live. The Pennsylvania-based members include "American Idol" finalist Tyler Grady, drummer Anthony Baker, bassist Joe Berndt and guitarist Jordan Demarest.
Cost: $10 in advance; $14 at the door
Details:Black Friday 2011
Black Friday, the biggest shopping day of the season is Friday, November 25, 2011 this year. In Good Cents will be ready to help you save, but before you shop, make sure to read my tips for Surviving Black Friday. But, most of all, have fun!
HOT Black Friday Online Deals
- Kinect Sensor with Adventures Bundle $99.99 + FREE Shipping (was $149.99)
- My Favorite Black Friday Coupons (FREE $10 at Plum District, $5 at Webforia, & More!)
- Barbie Fashion Fairytale Glitterizer AND Doll $14.99 (was $49.99) + More Mattel Toy Deals
- PS3 2-Game Black Friday Bundle $199.99
- $25 for $50 Sharper Image Gift Card
- Living Social: $30 Shoprunner Membership, 50% Off OfficeMax Gift Card & More (Today Only!)
- 18-Inch My Pillow Pets As Low As $10.39 (was $24.99)
- Gossip Girl Season 1, 2, OR 3 $7.99 (was $59.99) – For 2 Hours Only!
- $6.99 Pearl Earrings (was $69.99) + FREE Shipping & More Great Deals
- 50% off Little Miss Matched + FREE Socks (Today Only!)
- Up to 60% off Justice with Coupon (Today Only!)
- $5 Performance Fleece & 50% off Old Navy Outerwear
- 50 Christmas Silly Bands $2.99 + FREE Shipping
- 60% off Gap Sitewide + Extra 20% Off Coupon
- Website Hosting as low as $2.48 per Month (Today Only!)
- $10 American Eagle Jeans (was $55) + More
- Up to 70% off Dollie & Me AND FREE Shipping Later
- DVD’s as low as $3.99 (Harry Potter, Barbie, Fireproof, & More!)
- $20 Old Navy Gift Card Only $10
- Syma R/C Helicopter $19.65 (was $129.99)
Black Friday Online Coupons
Shopping online? There’s coupons for that too! In fact, my amazing friends at Savings.com have put together a wonderful database of Black Friday online coupons for popular stores. There are over 500 Black Friday coupons in it, so make sure to search and save before you shop!
Click “Get Code” or “Shop Now” to apply the discount, since some are special links only available here!
Black Friday FREE Stuff
- 40 FREE with Gift Card Purchase Deals
- First 100 at Bealls gets a FREE scratch card to win gifts like $5 Bealls Bucks or an iPad 2
- FREE Harry Potter & The Deathly Hallows Screening 9:00 PM Thursday at Best Buy (outside)
- First 800 get one of 3 prizes at Cabela’s up to $100 gift card
- FREE Disney Snow Globe to First 100-5,000 at JCPenney
- FREE Jubilee Cricut Cartridge to first 25 at Michaels
- FREE Godiva Bar to First 100 at Michaels
- FREE Kodak EasyShare Bundle w/ $40 purchase at Old Navy
- FREE Thomas Kinkade Ornament to First 200 at Sears
- First 80 at Sports Authority get Bonus Bucks up to $500 in value
- FREE $500 coupon savings book to the first 100 at Toys ‘R Us
Black Friday Restaurant Deals
- FREE drink with purchase at Arby’s
- FREE Oreo Ice Cream sandwich with purchase (and coupon) at Carl’s Jr.
- FREE drink with purchase (and coupon) at Carl’s Jr.
- FREE appetizer with entree purchase (and coupon) at Chili’s
- 20% off entire purchase at Denny’s
- Kids eat FREE at IKEA Friday – Sunday
- FREE fries with drink purchase at McDonald’s
- FREE chips or cookie AND FREE drink with purchase at Quiznos
- Buy 1, get 1 FREE entrees at Ruby Tuesday’s
- FREE breakfast from 5:00-8:00 AM at Sam’s Club (Members Only!)
- FREE sub with purchase of a $25 gift card at Subway
- FREE appetizer to groups of 3 or more at T.G.I. Friday’s
Black Friday Sneak Peaks & Sales
The holiday season is upon us. Find holiday savings here:Patrick Stump Sings The Hits A Cappella
Soul Punker Patrick Stump, rockin’ a pretty sweet bowtie, uploaded a video of himself singing a medley of some of the biggest (and Grammy nominatedest) songs from the past year — from Eminem and Rihanna’s “Love The Way You Lie” to Cee Lo’s “Fuck You” — and sang it all a cappella, using his own vocals as backup. (Kind of like this guy, without the green screen effects.) Check out the one man band‘s pretty inspired medley below!.Allen West says Democrats distributed his Social Security number in mailers
Fox News nabbed an interview with Florida Republican U.S. Rep. Allen West a day after he fired off the angry and now infamous e-mail calling his South Florida colleague U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz "the most vile, unprofessional and despicable" member of the House.
West, a retired Army colonel and favorite of the tea party movement, sent the e-mail July 19, 2011, after Wasserman Schultz criticized him in a floor speech for supporting the GOP's "cut, cap, and balance" plan to sharply reduce spending and require a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. That plan, Wasserman Schultz said, "would increase costs for Medicare beneficiaries, unbelievable from a member from South Florida."
Political blogs and talk shows got a lot of mileage out of West's subsequent outburst, in which he asserted Wasserman Schultz was "not a Lady."
But on July 20, West told a Fox reporter that Wasserman Schultz and other Democrats have been attacking him "for quite some time."
"She's not a victim," he said.
Here's the entire sound bite:
"This is something once again the Democrat Party (sic), when they put my Social Security number and my wife's Employment Identification Number in a mail piece, this has just been an ongoing thing. I've been called Uncle Tom, a sell."
West has been known to make some provocative statements, including saying he had a security clearance higher than the president, so we wondered if claims about Democrats distributing his personal information in mailers was true.
The blow-up started when the government hit West with a $11,081 tax lien in 2005. He paid it off a few months later, but the Florida Democratic Party feasted at the chance to highlight his financial problems in his 2010 race against incumbent U.S. Rep. Ron Klein.
The."
According to POLITICO, the Democratic Party chastised West for his "paranoia" but said the party would pay for two years of identity theft monitoring as a result of the "oversight."
," spokesman Eric Jotkoff said in a statement.
West would proceed to defeat Klein in the general election, but not before using the Democrats' blunder to raise some money.
"Recently, incumbent Ron Klein's political cronies sent out a mailer revealing my Social Security Number. ... It makes you wonder what else Klein will do to me, or to you," West says in his video. "Join our cause today, and we can return character, honor and integrity to Congress."
We won't weigh in on that last part. But the mailer episode was well-documented by reporters, and the party admitted and apologized. We rate West's claim True.Help establish the Chaplain's Office with the goal of developing it into a model for other chaplains around the division.
Specific job details:
- Help develop and publish a Chaplain's monthly newsletter.
- Develop Chaplain Department slide presentations to share within the Division Community Care workers.
- Help researching for foundations and grants for additional funds.
- Experience with Microsoft Office a big plus, especially Publisher, Word, Powerpoint
Hours are Monday - Friday, 9am - 4pm, but can be flexible to accommodate volunteer scheduling needs.. We'll provide training on canteen equipment, the food and
the supplies - you stir in the love. Cooks must be at least 18 years of age, able to lift 20 - 30 pounds, have completed the necessary applications and be able to pass a background check. Training in Emergency Disaster Services and food safety.
Help answer phones and greet visitors to the Salvation Army Divisional Headquarters at 10755 Burt St. Volunteer is needed during lunch hour. Lunch hour is a low traffic time and only a few visitors, deliveries, etc. are expected during lunch hour.
Hours are noon - 1:00PM, Monday-Friday. You can volunteer for one day a week, or more.
Campus clean up
Pick up non-perishable food items from Food Drives, and produce from local farmers and farmers markets and bring to The Salvation Army located at 3612 Cuming Street
Help Pantry Coordinator with various duties in the Food Pantry, from helping unload groceries, stocking shelves, and other administrative duties helping the Food Pantry meet customers from the general public who come in and are in need of assistance.
Hours are Mon-Fri 9am -12pm 1-3 pm, and are flexible.
Lifting requirement: The volunteer must regularly lift and /or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.
Leads Bible Study group on Wednesday and/or Friday afternoons at Dora Bingel Sr. Center for approximately 1 to 2 hours
Senior Center Assistant assists with the following:
Greets participants at the door
Decorates the bulletin boards seasonally
Decorates senior center seasonally
Data entry of volunteer hours into Volunteer2 program
Collects lunch money and documents for record keeping
Sends out monthly letters to family members who pay activity fees on a monthly basis.
Enters data on activity participation spreadsheet.
Creates weekly menus for lunches and special events
Set tables for lunch.
Sends greetings cards to participants for birthdays, get well, sympanthy and thank you cards for volunteers and donators.
Verify numbers and distribute prize to winners. On Wednesday and Friday afternoons.
The Senior Center celebrates residents birthdays on the last Wednesday of the month. Help make the day special by making and providing corsages for the those with birthdays that month. These corsages may be made at home and brought to the Sr. Center.
Work with the Omaha Public Library each month or bi-monthly. Lead discussion group on desired weekday or Saturday morning. set up room/snacks, clean up after event. Background check required
make cakes for the birthday parties (need 3 9x13 size cakes each month, they can make anytime and bring in and they will
be put in the freezer. Or volunteer can come in and make them in the senior center kitchen) Birthday Parties the last Wednesday of each month.
Will facilitate and lead group on how to conduct safe exercises utilizing a chair. Must have prior experience working with older adults and experience leading an exercise class. Hours to be determined on Tuesday mornings
Our seniors love cookies. Make cookies at home and bring them to the Sr. Center or bake on location.
Teaches crochet/knitting class first and third Wednesdays at Dora Bingel Sr. Center for approximately 1-2 hours
Working with Seniors, discussing current event topics once a week for 1-2 hours a week.
Drive senior citizens to and from the Dora Bingel Senior Center one to two days a week. Activities occur between 9 am and 3 pm.
Driver will pick up seniors in the morning at 8:00am. The seniors live within a 5 mile radius of the Dora Bingel senior center at 923 N. 38th St. The senior are transported home after the activities have ended in the afternoon at approximately 2:30pm on
Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Schedule is as follows: 8:00 - 9:30 am, 2:30 - 3:30pm
Driving shifts are flexible, with as little as two hours per week -- Volunteers can drive one shift per week, one day per week or every shift--whichever meets your schedule.
Hours are flexible, and days will vary. on Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday. Must be knowledgeable with computer software and applications, and have prior experience working with older adults.
Volunteer needed once a month, to distribute commodities to residents in Durham Booth Manor. Volunteer must be able to lift a minimum of 25lbs. Hours vary and generally volunteer will be needed around the 2nd Monday of the month.
Volunteers needed only once during the Spring and once during the fall to help older adults sort and throw out unwanted items.
Hours: Monday through Friday, 8-3, schedule is flexible. Supervised by DD Launderville, 898-5944. Duties include:
Emergency Information Reviewer
1) Duties - Involves direct and indirect client time, telephone work and 1-1 with older adults at the senior center, using observation and listening skills.
2) Review and update each Dora Bingel Senior Center file - emergency form and family contact.
3) Document work in file.
4) Complete statistics for coordinator.
5) Accompany bus driver to transport program participants.
Help facilitate scrabble and other board games, and pass out prizes for grand prize winners. Game Coordinator will be needed on Wednesday afternoon for 2 hours.
Nurse for Senior Center Health Clinic 3 hours per week, clientle are the Dora Bingel Senior Center Participants.
Volunteer to help prepare snacks and meals at the Dora Bingel Senior Center. Also BBQ grill every third Thursday of the month.
Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday from 9:a.m. to approx. 1pm.
1) Assist with food prep in kitchen.
2) Assist with serving food to seniors
3) Assist with table clean up
4) Assist with dishes as needed.
(US Bank does every third Wednesday)
Help select movie and set up room/snacks. Clean up after event. Volunteer will work on Tuesday from 12:30-3:00 p.m.
Wednesday morning nurse to do senior checks
Supervisor-Cindy Schlegelmilch
Tend to plants in the Dora Bingel Senior Center.
Set up room & snacks on the 3rd Thursday of the month.
Help facilitate scrapbooking projects. Volunteer must be creative and enthusiastic, and have prior scrapbooking experience. Schedule to be determined.
Teaches older adults tai chi movements
Working with Seniors, 2-4 hours per week, assisting Senior Center coordinator
Need an enthusiastic person to assist seniors in playing wii games. One day per week, preferably Friday's from 10:00 a.m.-11:00 a.m.
General administrative work--filing, data entry, and day-to-day administrative activities of the Emergency Community Support office. Hours are Mon-Fri, 8:30 - 4:30pm, and can vary depending on the volunteer's availability. Up to 10 hours per week, but
can vary and are flexible. Volunteer will not be interacting with ECS clientelle.
shadow and complete intakes, learn about the Salvation Army programs, case manage
Schedule is determined on case-by-case basis for each volunteer. Supervised by ECS program director, Debbie Fisher. 402-885-8003
Research and administrative activities supporting Salvation Army project to research and combat Human Trafficking. Hours vary according to project requirements at the time. Work directly for Dr. Linda Burkle.
Provides clinical counseling work with individuals an groups through the counseling center. Scheduled for Tuesdays, with some additional days, as necessary. Practicum student tasks may include: - Provide individual therapy sessions - Observe and conduct
weekly groups - Assist with psycho-educational groups conducted at Douglas County Department of Corrections - Assist with relapse prevention groups - Understand and develop treatment plans - Obtain knowledge in local resources and how to access them - Observe
Substance Abuse evaluations - Attend multidisciplinary team meetings - Work with local professionals in the field (psychiatrists, social workers, treatment programs) - Opportunities to work with teens, adults and seniors. Hours are flexible.
Provide case management services to individuals residing in a short term program that have a mental health diagnosis. Case management duties to include: completion of intakes, collaborating with providers in the community, providing referrals to services,
assessment of needs, and crisis management.
MHR is a 24/7 facility so hours can be flexible based on course requirements and resident needs.
Supervised by Darsey Zwiener 402-505-8196
Volunteer activities: upkeep activities for various Transitional Housing sites and clients: lawn care (mowing and weed eating).
Help where needed paperwork shredding phonecalls data entry outside cleanup.Shelley Clausen of Chapter EL, Webster City, Jennifer Williams of Chapter GP, Jewell, Phyllis Peterson of Chapter JE, Webster City and Pat Tempel of Chapter NR, Webster City, attended as delegates to the 122nd annual Convention of Iowa State Chapter P.E.O. Sisterhood held recently in Des Moines.
The theme was "P.E.O. Shining Stars" and Glenda Dixon of Cedar Rapids presided over the 700 delegates and visitors in attendance. Twenty-four chapters from central Iowa served as the hostess group for the convention.
Attendees participated in workshops and heard from recipients of the P.E.O.'s six philanthropies and the Iowa P.E.O. Project Fund Inc. The convention concluded with the installation of the 2014-2015 executive board officers, headed by Liz Bunnell, president, Fairfield; Kathy Wilkes, Odebolt, vice president; Cathi Focus, Newton, organizer; Pat Shipley, Villisca, treasurer and Kate Raun, Norwalk, secretary.
P.O. Box 490 , Webster City, IA 50595 |
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyVIA Announces VN800 Mobile IGP Chipset
Subject: Chipsets | August 17, 2005 - 04:19 PM | Ryan Shrout
Tagged:
VIA has announced the first chipset for the new mobile VIA C7-M processor.
VIA V VVvIA VN800 includes support for an external AGP The Accelerated Graphics Port is a dedicated bus for graphics cards that enables high performance 3D graphics capabilities on PCs. AGP bypasses the PCI bus and directly pipelines between the main memory and graphics controller. 8X port allowing optional graphics processor upgrades on supporting notebooks.
Post new commentPlayoffs mode: Final week to make top 125Jerry Kelly ranks 120th in FedExCup points, but has had recent success at the Wyndham Championship.August 15, 2012
Helen Ross, PGATOUR.COM Chief of Correspondents
GREENSBORO, N.C. -- Brendan Steele isn't waiting until next week.
This week's Wyndham Championship marks the end of the PGA TOUR's Regular Season but Steele is already taking a post-season approach. That's because he ranks 126th in the FedExCup standings -- just 25.403 points shy of qualifying for the four Playoff events that will determine the winner of that eye-opening $10 million first prize.
"The Playoffs really start this week for me," Steele said simply.
The same can be said for all those players near that 125 mark, but inside and outside the cutline. In each of the five previous years of the FedExCup Playoffs, at least one player outside the top 125 has played his way into the post-season at Wyndham. Last year, it was three players -- Ernie Els, William McGirt and Padraig Harrington -- who kept their seasons alive here.
Rod Pampling is the man squarely on the bubble this week, sitting 125th in points. The Australian has only missed the Playoffs one time but understands his position is a precarious one right now -- especially with players like Steele, Heath Slocum, Y.E. Yang and Gary Woodland all close behind him in the standings.
"I am on the right side of the bubble, which is good because people have to go past me," Pampling told an Australian newspaper. ."
Steele actually is pleased to be in the position he is. Heading into the Reno-Tahoe Open, which was his last start, Steele ranked 136th in the FedExCup. He tied for eighth there, just his third top-10 of the season, and despite there being fewer points available since the Reno-Tahoe Open was played opposite the British Open, Steele still managed to move to No. 125.
Steele didn't get to play in last week's PGA Championship -- just a year after he took a share of the lead into the final round at the Atlanta Athletic Club. Steele was the third alternate at Kiawah Island but even with him being idle, his FedExCup standing only dropped one spot.
"So that was kind of a bummer," Steele said of missing the season's final major. "But I'm excited for this week. The Playoffs start now. ... Hopefully I can play well this week and get myself going."
Steele speaks for a lot of the players entered in the Wyndham Championship. A total of 74 of the players competing at Sedgefield Country Club this week are ranked inside the top 125 and looking to protect, or improve, their standing. That means nearly half of the field -- not counting a handful of club pros, amateurs and non-PGA TOUR members -- is on the outside anxiously looking in at the FedExCup like Steele.
Six players ranked inside the top 30, which is the number needed to advance to the Playoffs finale at historic East Lake in Atlanta, are competing in the Wyndham Championship. One of those, Jason Dufner, who picked up his first two PGA TOUR wins earlier this year, could supplant Tiger Woods as No. 1 in the FedExCup with a third win or a runner-up finish at Sedgefield on Sunday.
There will be a lot more focus around the 125 bubble, though.
Heath Slocum is another player, who, like Steele, knows how quickly things can change.
Slocum comes to Greensboro this week ranked 128th in the FedExCup. In 2009, though, he was waiting anxiously at home in Alpharetta, Ga. -- his wife monitoring the projected standings on PGATOUR.COM -- to see whether he kept his spot in the top 125. Slocum did, barely, at No. 124, and then went on to win The Barclays at Liberty National the following week on the way to an eighth-place finish in the FedExCup overall.
Slocum knows what he needs to do this week. But he's trying to focus on getting the most out of his game rather than looking at the permutations of the FedExCup rankings.
"It's there," Slocum said. "There's no avoiding it. I'm trying to play well this week regardless. So I figure if I play well then it will take care of itself. But it's there. It's not going away. ... If I play good golf and play the golf I know I can play I'll be fine."
On the other hand, Jerry Kelly is on the right side of the 125 threshold -- but just barely -- at No. 120. He knows he can't let up this week but at the same time, Kelly should have confidence at Sedgefield, where he tied for ninth in 2008 and finished with a share of fourth a year ago.
"So if I want to be in the Playoffs -- which I do -- I have to play well," Kelly said. "(The FedExCup) is always right in front of my brain. There's no way for me to put things like that out of my mind. It's why I've done well sometimes and poorly other times. I don't have the consistent focus just on my game.
"I tend to put it on goals and things like that and it doesn't work out. What it comes down to, you still just got to perform."
Jhonattan Vegas, who is playing in Greensboro for the first time, is also trying to avoid the projections. He ranks 124th in the standings and knows obsessing about that number will only make it more difficult to accomplish his goals.
"It is on your mind the whole time," he said. "Every shot you hit, you know that you're 124 and you have to make it the next week but, at the same time, I mean I decided to make it fun. I have to go there and play good and make things happen and ... I think it gets a little bit easier and more fun.
"... Things move so quick that (if) you (are) just worrying about I'm 124, 125, you can really lose what you're doing here."Two weeks ahead of the Canadian federal elections, Islamic lobby groups are multiplying their efforts to consolidate the “Muslim vote.” Building on the results of the latest national census published in 2003, which ranks Islam as the third largest religion (after Catholicism and Protestantism and ahead of Judaism) for the first time in Canada’s history, Islamic groups are struggling on many fronts to make Canada’s 600,000 Muslims aware of their potential electoral weight.
Last April, almost two months prior to the declaration of general elections, the Canadian Islamic Congress (CIC) published a report named “Election 2004. Towards Informed and Committed Voting.” Based on an analysis of public statements, electoral objectives and legislative voting records of each of Canada’s 301 elected parliamentarians, the CIC evaluates each one’s record on 20 issues that would promote the development of closer economical ties to Muslim countries and the Arab-Israeli conflict. The average scores were based on the following marks:
A : in agreement with the CIC;
F : in complete disagreement with the CIC
B : partially in agreement with the CIC
The overwhelming majority of the outgoing Liberal (center-left) government’s deputies scored an average of A or B, which silently implies the CIC wishes the so-called "Muslim vote" would reelect the Liberal Party. Widely perceived as the champion of multiculturalism, Canada’s national doctrine, immigration and a foreign policy based more on the U.N. than on Canadian national interests, the Liberal Party has traditionally garnered the vote of “Neo-Canadians."
However, 68 out of 71 deputies of the official opposition, the Conservative Party (center-right), a party known for having supported the American intervention in Iraq, a more strict immigration policy and Israel’s right to defend its citizens from Palestinian terrorism, scored a F average. This result is hardly surprising given that CIC President Mohammed Elmasry has publicly stated he fears the Conservative Party will mutate into a “neocon Party.” “Neocon” is used in the United States and Canada both as a code word for the Bush administration’s so-called “Jewish Cabal” that allegedly rules over the White House and the Pentagon.
At the other end of the political spectrum, deputies of the New Democratic Party (far left), a party strongly opposed to American foreign policy and overly critical of Israel, all score A’s. New Democrat candidates include Omar Aktouf, the anti-globalization crusader, and Monia Mazigh, the hijab-wearing wife of Syrian-born Maher Arar, who just returned from Syria after having been deported by American authorities in 2001 for alleged Al-Qaeda links. No doubt they have the potential of drawing Muslim votes, but the New Democrats have dismal chances of even forming the official opposition.
Moreover, the CIC report identifies 101 electoral ridings where Canadian Muslims hold a 1.8% to 13.5% swing vote. 55 of these ridings are located in Ontario and Quebec, Canada’s most populous provinces.
In addition to the CIC report, the Canadian chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR-CAN) initiated an election watch and published an election guide on its website. On June 7, its executive director, Riad Saloojee, published an op-ed in the capital’s main daily, the Ottawa Citizen, entitled “A tyranny of choice for Canada's Muslims.” Saloojee laments the lack of cohesion of the “Muslim vote,” because according to him, Muslim interests are spread across the political board. Ultimately, Canadian Muslims are as divided as the rest of Canadian voters between the pluralism of the Liberal Party, the championing of traditional values by the Conservative Party and the third-world and pro-Palestinian militancy of the New Democrats.
On the very same day, CIC President Mohammed Elmasry published an op-ed in the Globe and Mail, Toronto’s highly influential daily, which recently hired CAIR-CAN Chair Sheema Khan as a regular columnist, entitled “Why Muslims should vote.” In it Elmasry warns against political apathy among young immigrants and more importantly against a minority of Muslims “who are advocating not voting to protest what they call ‘the illusion of democratic values.’” Elmasry goes on to call on Muslims to vote “for the love of Canada and the love of Islam.”
The CIC dropped all pretensions of simply encouraging Muslims to cast their ballot when, in a June 11 press release, Elmasry attacked the Conservative Party, claiming it is “anti-social justice” and would “enforce an aggressive militant foreign policy.” The CIC appealed to the “Muslim community, and to all Canadians of conscience, to seriously study the implication of that party's political agenda.”
Conservative Prime Minister hopeful Stephen Harper brushed off the attack by casting doubt on whether the CIC truly represents Canada’s Muslims. Moderate Muslim community leader Bashir Hussain, Quebec head of Canada’s oldest and largest Muslim organization, the Council of Muslim Communities of Canada, recently confirmed that contention to me. The CMCC traditionally keeps out of politics.
Yet, a Progressive Canadian Party (left) candidate in Toronto, Asif Hossain, echoed Elmasry’s sentiments in a letter to the CIC, claiming that Conservative leader Stephen Harper “is the biggest threat to minorities in Canada, particularly to Muslims.” He even went so far as to demonize outgoing Liberal Prime Minister Paul Martin for being “quick to condemn the turning over of a few gravestones in a Jewish cemetery [referring to a spate of cemetery desecrations and the firebombing of a Jewish school in Montreal, D.O.] but remained mute on the Maher Arar situation and [sic] not to mention the plight of other Canadian Muslims and their treatment by U.S. authorities on a regular basis”.
CAIR-CAN and the CIC both identify the revision of Canada’s C-36 anti-terror law as the main Muslim electoral issue. Passed by parliament in the wake of the September 11th attacks, the law is denounced by Islamic lobbies as inspired by the US and thus contrary to Canadian values. They claim the laws endanger civil liberties and discriminate against Muslims. The law will be subjected to a judiciary revision by year’s end. The Canadian Arab Federation (CFA) and CAIR-CAN, authors of a booklet advising Muslims on how to avoid collaborating with Canadian counter-terrorism investigations, met last April with Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness Anne McLellan to present her their recommendations for the revision of the anti-terror law. In a joint press release published shortly after the meeting, CAIR-CAN and the CFA welcomed cautiously the Minister’s plans to write a new law on national security.
Unlike its American neighbor, where the ethnicization of politics is common, Canadian electoral patterns are regionalized: the Conservative West, the Liberal Centre and the New Democrat East. It is therefore all the more surprising and worrying that neither politicians nor the media are alarmed by the apparition of the “Muslim vote” in Canada’s political vocabulary. Except for Quebec nationalist parties that have struggled for decade with the so-called “ethnic vote,” notions such as the “Black vote” or the “Jewish vote” are unheard of in Canadian politics. It is all the more alarming that the notion of a “Muslim vote” is being peddled by such radical Islamic groups as CAIR. Even more disquieting is the fact that the media is cheerleading this new phenomenon by granting Islamic lobbies unwarranted attention, oblivious to the fact these are not grass-roots lobbies. CAIR-CAN and the CIC do not even have spokespeople in Montreal, Canada’s second largest city.
For the time being the “Muslim vote” appears to be less of an empirical reality than a new pressure tool for CAIR-CAN and the CIC. For example, it would be fair to assume that a French-speaking Algerian in Montreal is unlikely to cast his vote in the same way an English-speaking Pakistani in Vancouver would. However, to repeat something over and over again is often all that is needed to breathe life into it. Will CAIR-CAN and the CIC succeed in consolidating a “Muslim vote?” Will this open the door to the ethnicization of politics in this multiethnic country? The question is of fundamental importance both to Canada and the United States.PARKERSBURG - As West Virginia's mathematics standards for schools evolve, area educators are learning new ways of teaching math in the classroom.
In 2010, the West Virginia Department of Education approved Common Core State Standards for math and English, a nationwide initiative to present clear academic standards for students in all states.
West Virginia is one of 46 states working to phase in the standards.
Tammy McKnight, math and science curriculum coordinator for Wood County Schools, said the new standards come with adjustments for teachers, students and parents.
"I think the focus now is more on learning rather than on teaching," she said. "In traditional math instruction, we expected the students to follow one procedure, one practice, to arrive at one answer. Now it's about problem solving, collaboration and arriving at an answer that makes sense to them."
"I think it's a positive shift," said Greg Merritt, an instructional coach for elementary mathematics for Wood County Schools, who helped facilitate a mathematics training session Friday for fourth- and fifth-grade teachers.
"Traditional math instruction has been very procedurally based. Children are shown how to solve a math problem and then they solve it," he said. "Now they are asked how to approach a problem, how they might solve it. They are asked to tell how they solved the problem."
Several years ago Wood County Schools adopted an Everyday Math curriculum, which focuses on presenting mathematics in real-world context, such as shopping at a grocery store or traveling on a family vacation.
McKnight said the district still uses Everyday Math, but the curriculum is being adapted to better fit with the new standards.
"We say 'here is a problem we have.' It might be a real-world problem that exists in the school or community," McKnight said. "It's a way the kids can use those skills we are teaching and apply them to things they see in their world. Now, they are no longer working on activities that don't have a connection to what they are trying to learn."
But this new approach to math means teachers are having to re-learn how to bring information to their students.
"We are going to be in a transition period for a few years," McKnight said. "We are doing to do whatever we can to make sure this makes sense for the teachers and especially for the students."
Merritt said more training opportunities, both within and outside of Wood County Schools, will be made available to teachers throughout the year. This year the Common Core Standards have been implemented for kindergarten, first-, fourth-, fifth- and ninth-grades, but next year all grades will be using the standards.
"It is not going to be easy to change how they've always taught math," Merritt said. "However, Wood County teachers are excellent and they will do whatever it takes to better serve these children."
519 Juliana St. , Parkersburg, WV 26101 | 304-485-1891
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyIreland, Prison Registers (FamilySearch Historical Records)Edit This Page
From FamilySearch Wiki usually include the following information:
- Name of inmate
- Last Residence
- Place of birth
- Occupation
- Age
- Crime committed
- Name of Victim
- Name and address of next of kin
- Marital Status
- Date crime committed
How to Use the Record
To begin your search, it would be helpful if you knew the following information:
- Name of ancestor
- Place of birth and approximate year of birth
-.
Unable to Find Your Ancestor?
If you unable to find your ancestor, the following might be able to help you in your search:
- Search for a nickname. Prisoners may have been registered in prison under a nickname instead of their real, Prison Registers, 1790-1924," index and images, FamilySearch ( : accessed 28 June 2012), Maria Mcdonald, prison sentence 1899; citing Eneclann. Ireland, Prison Registers. National Archives of Ireland, Dublin, IreIf you are the rightful owner of this image and are not credited, contact us.
Quoting Eineidi: "The alphabet system uses the alphabet to designate the notes. The direction is visual up or down. No rhythm is given but done aurally. As opposed to a ‘song’ with a long melody, harmony etc. that is memorized and repeated over and over in some type of song form, the new music was more about the ‘devouring of grid’. Small cells of notes, maybe just a few would be played and extrapolated upon before moving to the next group. The cell is the seed, the kernel, the Grundgestalt, upon which one can imply many things to expand from".
Uploaded: 2013-05-08 Size: 1772 x 1335 pixels Views: 968London Pass BlogBack to Blog
London Bridge Experience: One of the most thrilling London attractions even young kids can enjoyLondon Bridge Experience: One of the most thrilling London attractions even young kids can enjoy
Published: Thursday 1st of April 2010
The London Bridge Experience and London Tombs offer a thrillingly scary day out - but this most impressive of London attractions pulls out all the stops to ensure that even younger children will have a fun time.
Down in the tombs, visitors will discover "an array of mysterious creatures including spiders, a stinking sewer stench and our new animatronic mongrel, which will terrify even the most dedicated dog lover".
This means that under-11s are not advised to head down there, but young visitors who do venture down with a supervising adult also have the option of being accompanied by a protective "guardian angel", should they need that extra bit of reassurance.
And parents can be assured that the attraction is educational as well as adrenalin-boosting, with a number of ancient artefacts from London Bridge's past on display as part of a unique exhibition.
There is also an extensive on-site gift shop, where visitors can purchase items such as pens, pencils and t-shirts, as well as group souvenir photographs.How to Change Rear Brake Pads on a Harley Road King?
If your Harley-Davidson's Road King motorcycle is exhibiting a loose feeling while braking, reduced braking power or added noise, it might be time to replace the brake pads.
How to Replace the Brake Pads on a Harley-Davidson Road King?
Harley-Davidson is an American motorcycle manufacturer that began producing two-wheeled vehicles in the early part of the twentieth century. The Road King is a large touring bike that comes with a ...
Read More »
How to Change the Front Brake Pads on a 1999 Road King?
Brake pad changes provide an excellent introduction to the basics of maintaining your 1999 Harley-Davidson Road King motorcycle. The task is fairly straightforward, allowing you to work at your own...
Read More »
How to Change the Rear Brake Pads on a 2006 Harley FLT?
Don't wait for an appointment at the shop to change the squeaky rear brake pads on a 2006 Harley FLT. Brakes are even more important when riding on only two wheels. Take the time to work one side o...
Read More »
How do I Change the Rear Brake Pads on a 1987 Harley-Davidson Sportster?
Replacing a 1987 Harley-Davidson Sportster's rear brake pads as soon as the pad wears down to 2 mm of material will ensure that the machine's brake operates at its maximum efficiency. However, a Sp...
Read More »You Asked: He Hasn't Called — What Gives?
You Asked: He Hasn't Called — What Gives?
Dear Sugar,
I met a cute boy at a law school function on Saturday night and after a few cocktails and dances, we ended up at a bar, just the two of us, and kissing ensued. It was lovely and he offered to walk me back to my apartment. (I insisted it wasn't necessary seeing as how we live on opposite sides of Manhattan, but the boy could not be dissuaded!) Though he never made it beyond my apartment doorway, we exchanged the cutesy "let's do this again soon" texts after he left. So now, it's Monday, and he has yet to contact me again. What gives? — Surprised Sascha
To see DearSugar's answer
Dear Surprised Sascha,
Before jumping to the conclusion that he won't call, remember that it's only Monday and you just met two days ago — maybe he's playing by "the rules." As irritating as this answer may be, the only thing you can do is wait. Now I'm not asking you to wait patiently — I'm sure you're watching the phone as we speak! — but try to keep it all relative; Mondays can be a drag of a day; perhaps he's just busy.
If you just can't wait any longer for him to contact you, you could always make the move. As Steve Santagati put it: "It's so very provocative when a woman is strong and empowered," so tell him that you had a great time with him the other night and ask him if he'd like to get together again. If he bites, you'll know he's interested and perhaps just got tied up, but if your advance goes unreturned, you'll know to move on, which in my opinion, is far better than the guessing game. Good luck.<<Getty Images/Frederick M. Brown [ Listen For The Song Of The Day To Win Passes To The New Orleans Jazzfest [VIDEO] By Erik Tee April 22, 2014 Make sure you are listening all day to find out what the New Orleans Jazzfest song of the day is! Find out what the song is below! Read More Category: Audio/Videos/Photos, Concerts, Entertainment, Music Tags: Go Get It, Mary Mary, New Orleans Jazzfest Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Terbutaline as a treatment for premature labour is an off-label use not approved by the FDA. It is a pregnancy category 'B' medication and is routinely prescribed to stop contractions. Terbutaline is currently on the World Anti-Doping Agency's list of prohibited drugs, except, when administered by inhalation, a Therapeutic Use Exemption (TUE) has been obtained in advance.
Terbutaline is preferred over Ritodrine because it has minimal effects on blood pressure..More refinements
Showing 181 - 200 of 283 total results
Advertisement
Find out what your property is worth.
Special offers
As part of ongoing improvements to our site you can now search specifically for new or established properties.
Realestate.com.au is Australia's #1 home for property, listing real estate for sale in Howard, and other property listings by real estate agents in Howard. Find buy a property in How Howard auction times, and auction results for Howard. Property data and house prices in Howard is available as well as recent sold property in Howard. People looking for Howard rentals and houses to share in Howard are catered to as well and everyone visiting Realestate.com.au can take advantage of our free and helpful real estate resource section.David Hislop Personal Training
David Hislop Personal Training
Old Schoolhouse
Stranraer
Wigtownshire
DG9 8SQ View on map
Stranraer
Wigtownshire
DG9 8SQ View on map
- T: 01581 400 621
- F: 01581 400 621
Is this your business?
Claim your business on 192.com to
- Appear higher in our search results
- Get more clicks
- Get more calls
Be the first to review this business
Write about your experience How to write a review?
Source of Info:
Dun and BradstreetI Feel AloneI'm sorry for writing this stupid thing, but I really need someone to talk to but I have nobody. I am 21 and I feel so alone. I have a beautiful family, great friends. But what I don't understand is whenever I'm alone in my room I get this really painful feeling in my chest and I couldn't stop crying. I feel sorry for myself, for being like this. I feel so pathetic because I feel alone all the time, even when I'm in a crowd. That feeling pains me, often chokes me that I couldn't stop crying and I wonder every day to God, why why am I alone. I see happy faces around me, happy couples holding hands, and I feel alone because nobody likes me. Nobody ever had a crush on me. Deep down inside, I feel terribly ugly, so ugly that I don't think I'm worthy enough to be loved by someone. I am sorry again, for writing my stupid silly problem but l really feel this pain in my chest every time I think about how I am alone, and I need someone to talk to. I want to be happy. I need to be happy. I don't want to spend every night crying in my bed anymore. I want to wake up feeling happy. I want someone to be with me. I just want someone. My friends keep telling me to be patience, maybe one day my soulmate will come, but I've matured enough to know that soulmates are bull and they don't exist. Again, I'm sorry, this is a silly problem.
Hi,
You write: I feel alone because nobody likes me but at the same time you say that you have a wonderful family and good friends. So someone loves you. You are not alone at all. You have just to open your eyes and find love closer than you think.
You miss having a boyfriend. It is a normal feeling, but this will come. You have to believe in yourself, to believe in God. When you have these two things you will not feel alone.
Why do you say you are ugly inside? I think that a person who is ugly inside will not say this for sure. So, just feeling ugly actually denote you are beautiful. It is good sometimes to under appreciate yourself. feeling in this way you give a lot more to the people around you.
Get more outside, practice sports, read the Bible, build up the stones for your faith.
Your boyfriend will come one day to you.
Regarding happy faces you see on the street: there are many struggles behind them; but they manage to move on.
So, once again, you are not ugly - you have a beautiful soul. You are healthy, there is not war, you have family and friends - just hope and have faith: you will be happy!
Pray... and Read the Bible so you could an answer from God. :) trust me, if you do this, you'll be relief.. :)
I am not a Christian, but I believe in God and I know he listens.. I THINK he listens though..
don't think, trust and have faith... you can test God, and be ready for what he response to you... ;)
I know the feeling. I've been there. For a long time. Now I'm in no better place. I'm not alone but I am at the same time. I settled because I wanted to feel loved so desperately. It wasn't worth it. Just be patient tout person will come around.
So how are you feeling now? Do you believe in 'that person'? You know, 'the one'?
I still feel alone. I want him to be that person be my one. But I don't really know what to hope for anymore.
Honestly sometimes I feel like giving up.
Don't give up. Please don't. Someone is out there waiting to meet you and they feel the same way. Just think how happy they'll be when it happens.Q: I’m getting ready to open my first store soon and I’m looking at the different pizza pans that are available. The anodized finish pans are more expensive than the bright, spun aluminum pans. Are they really worth the extra cost?
A: In my humble opinion, yes, the anodized finish pans are worth every penny of the difference in cost. When you consider that the bright finish pans need to be seasoned by wiping the pans/trays lightly with salad oil, and then baked in an oven at 425 F for about 20 minutes to begin the seasoning process and as you continue to use the pans, the color of the pans will continue to darken to an almost black color in time. These pans, once seasoned, should never be allowed to soak in a sink of hot, soapy water. To do so can result in the seasoned finish coming off of the pan in large pieces, much like a bad sunburn. When this happens, the only thing to do is to begin stripping the finish off of all of your seasoned pans and starting the process all over again. If you don’t strip all of your pans, you will end up with some of the of the pans having a lighter color than others with the lighter and darker colored pans having different baking properties.
The dark colored anodized pans that are available to us today are have an extremely durable finish that holds up well to the rigors of everyday use in a pizzeria. They can be soaked in hot, soapy water, they can be put away wet, and if you dare, you can even use metal spatulas to help lift a deep dish pizza out of the pan without damaging the finish. For the most part, the finish will last as long as the pan.
I just purchased some new anodized finish pans, and the instructions that I got with the pans say to season the pans before I use them. I thought these pans didn’t need to be seasoned?
What they mean by “seasoning” is to lightly oil the pans for their first use. New pans of this type should be thoroughly washed to remove any manufacturing residue. They should then be thoroughly dried by passing the pans through an oven for two minutes set at 400 F. The pans can then be put away until needed. To use the pans for the first time, lightly wipe the inside of each pan with a little salad oil, apply your dough, make-up and bake your pizza(s) in the normal manner. Depending upon the finish on your pans/disks, you may never need to oil them again. Some finishes will require that you re-oil the pans again only after a washing. You will need to determine if your pans will need to be re-oiled or not, but in either case, during the course of the day, the pans/disks should not need to be re-oiled unless you are making a deep dish/pan style pizza and in that case the oil is added only to improve the baking properties and to achieve a fried characteristic to the crust, not to facilitate release of the crust from the pan.
Tom Lehmann is a director at the American Institute of Baking in Manhattan, Kansas.Congratulations to Roy and HG for their Order of Australia win.
Roy and HG have been involved with so many Australian personalities over the years, with H.G. going out with Olivia Newton John and Roy batting with Keith Stackpole. This site has a few of the memories of these personalities from their time with these two Australian icons.Absolute Automation:
I would like to commend you on the speed at which you filled and shipped my order. I was quite surprised to find it waiting for me when I arrived home yesterday evening. I would also like to compliment you on your web site. I found it informative and easy to navigate. I particularly liked the ability to hear the three chime options and to review the quick programming instructions. These reasons, your pricing and the availability of the optional bird house were why I chose to place my order with your company.
Wayne, Hampstead MD.I've never worked quite so hard to get to the world's most undesirable capital.
I left two days to get to ABC News' Iraq bureau. It seemed like enough time. Alas, I forgot about modern air travel, an experience my companions in the British Airways departure lounge compare unfavorably with waterboarding. My calendar now lists Dec. 16 as "The Lost Airport Day."
As President Bush scrambles to fashion short-term, mostly symbolic patches for the nation's worst-ever air travel conditions (like borrowing military airspace along the East Coast to ease Thanksgiving and Christmas traffic), Americans might take heart in one small consolation: There is company in our misery.
Just try flying British Airways, as I'm trying to do now.
I say "trying," because I have not escaped the British Airways travel lounge for hours now. After a two-hour delay in Dulles -- no bad weather, no security issues, something about staffing -- I missed my connection here. My connecting airline, BMI, was so efficient the plane left a few minutes early.
Facing a terminal change in the world's largest airport, even my best O.J. Simpson (pre-murder trial) airport dash impersonation wasn't enough to salvage the connection.
BMI then returned me to the original offender -- British Airways -- and a polite, but far from contrite, gate agent.
I rebooked through Frankfurt. With one switch of airlines and the need to check in in Frankfurt, opportunities for missed flights and lost bags abound. I plan on keeping an eye out for a concilliatory halal Christmas schnitzel for our Baghdad staff, in case I'm late.
Then the veddy civilized voice comes over the loudspeaker again: "We're teddibly sorry ... "
My new flight is now delayed an hour (thanks again to British Airways, making British dentistry look better and better). My bags and I now have 45 minutes to change terminals in Frankfurt ... if the current delay holds. They never do.
Bratwurst anyone?1,247 Matches for James Farley
James S. Farley
James S Farley lives in Carlsbad, California. James works as an Owner.What is PeekScore?
James T. Farley 52 yrs
James T Farley is 52 years old. He lives in Cullman, AL. American Idol, Ncis, Big Brother, Prison Break and The Unit are some of his favorite TV shows. His favorite movie is Comedy.What is PeekScore?
James Farley 25 yrs, jamey_farley
James Farley is 25 years old. He lives in Calais, ME. He is an alumnus of the Calais High School and he works for Every Day Im Hustlin. Some of his favorite music is by Yellowcard, Trapt, Sublime, Mudvayne, Afi, Godsmack, Disturbed, Korn, Weezer, Nirvana, Keane, Hinder, Deftones, Audioslave, Chevelle, Flyleaf, Seether, Journey, Buckcherry, Green Day, Damone, Wolfmother, Angels And Airwaves, The Goonies, The White Stripes, Brand New, Rise Against, Letter Kills, Taking Back Sunday, Fall Out Boy, Matchbook Romance, From First To Last, Nine Inch Nails, The Ramones, The Used, Sex Pistols, 30 Seconds To Mars, Limp Bizkit, Funeral For A Friend, Panic At The Disco, Blind Melon, Pedro The Lion, The Foo Fighters, Lamb Of God, Bloodhound Gang, The Kinks, 36 Crazyfists, Lynard Skynard, Cobra Starship, Circa Survive, Arctic Monkeys, Three Dog Night, The Exies, The Frey, Killswitch Engaged, The Pink Spiders, With Broken Wings, Hollywood Undead, Mindless Self Indulgence, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Wet Wet Wet, Linkin Park, System Of A Down and Led Zeppelin. Blade Movies is his favorite TV show. Gladiator, Labyrinth, Blow, Underworld, Goodfellas, Daredevil, Scarface, Hot Chicks, The Godfather, King Kong, White Chicks, Napoleon Dynamite, Stand By Me, Black Hawk Down, A Beautiful Mind, Lord Of War, Nutty Professor, The Kite Runner, Alien Vs. Predator, Little Rascals, Major Payne, Jackass Movies, Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas and The Doors are among his all-time favorite movies. His favorite sport is Pirates. On the internet, James goes by the aliases jamey_farley and james91189.What is PeekScore?
James Farley 59 yrs, jamied_f
James Farley is 59 years old. He lives in Cullman, AL. Positions he has held include Engineer and Project Engineer. Some of his favorite TV shows are American Idol, Ncis, Big Brother, Prison Break and The Unit. Comedy is among his all-time favorite films. On the internet, James goes by the aliases jamied_f and jamie_d_farley.What is PeekScore?
James T. Farley 67 yrs, jimtomfarlet
Delbarton, WV | Norwalk, OH | Rutland, OH
James Thomas Farley, 67 years old, lives in Delbarton, WV. Other places in which he has lived are Norwalk, OH; Rutland, OH; Ragland, WV and Williamson, WV. Some of James's family members are James T Farley, James Thomas Farley, Sandra Kay Hubert, Dena Lee Williams and Donna Faye Farley. Online, James goes by the alias jimtomfarlet.What is PeekScore?
James W. Farley 29 yrs, savvysailor2000
San Diego, CA | Spokane, WA
James White Farley is 29 years old. He lives in San Diego, California. He has also lived in Spokane, Washington. He is an alumnus of the Remington College and Lewis & Clark High School. Companies in which he has a work history include Boxer and City Boxing. He's a big fan of Rap and Hip Hop. Meet The Browns and House Of Payne are his favorite films. James loves watching Baseball play. His favorite sports are Rugby and Boxing. Christine M Farley is in James's family. Online, James goes by the aliases savvysailor2000 and spydermonkey22.What is PeekScore?
James Farley, jameslfarley
James Farley lives in Nashville, TN. Online, James goes by the alias jameslfarley.What is PeekScore?
Public Records & Background Checks
Arrest Records & Driving Infractions
Search Their Arrest Record, Driving Record, Marital Status and More...
Phonebook
Contact Information & Address History
Discover James Farley's address history, phone, age & more.Chocolate Oscar dresses look good enough to eat
The pressure's on to look top-notch on the night of the Oscars. And there's nothing worse than showing up to a gig and spying someone else in the same get-up. Dressing in one of these frocks made entirely of chocolate is a surefire way to make sure that won't happen.
Foodies and stylists can rejoice in these (slightly ridiculous) cocoa creations from German bakery Lambertz that hit the runways in Munich. Pairing one of these with Christian Louboutin's champagne flute stilettos would be a knockout. The look may not be stylist Rachel Zoe's idea of "bananas," but who needs fruit when you have chocolate?
The cupcake-looking number might be a bit risque for the Oscars, but maybe someone daring like Anne Hathaway could pull off the dress studded with red shiny wrappers.
If neither of their selections suits your taste, perhaps there's something in the Salon du Chocolat's line that tickles your fancy? Either way, you'll look good enough to eat.
Of course, there are some issues with functionality. Body heat and movement might be an issue, but that didn't stop the Fame Monster from her artistic Grammy get-up.
What does your inner Joan Rivers think of these confectionery creations? Is it only a matter of time before Gaga gloms onto the idea of a full-sensory wardrobe?
-- Krista Simmons
Follow me on Twitter @kristasimmons
Photos: Alexandra Beier / Getty ImagesListen, we are Fighting Temptation not to write this post in all Beyoncé song titles, but we are so Crazy in Love with this look that, After all is Said and Done, this Hip Hop Star is Irreplaceable. Maybe we are being Naïve, but it seems like a Once in a Lifetime chance to Ring the Alarm or pick up the Telephone and tell the world that this woman really knows how to Work it Out. If Looks Could Kill. So Amazing. We are Speechless. Yes. We love this Until The End of Time.
Beyoncé gives our 440 Top Handle Large Satchel the Green Light at Art Basel in Miami. Photo:doral financial corp
(DRLCQ:OTC Markets Group Inc - Limited Information)
Executive Profile*
Background*
Mr. Gerard L. Smith served as a Managing Director in charge of Bank Mergers and Acquisitions at Credit Suisse (USA), Inc. from 1998 to 2006. Mr. Smith served as Head of the UBS Bank Group 1995 to 1998. He has extensive experience handling regulatory crises and strategic planning for the boards of directors of various financial institutions. Mr. Smith has over 30 years experience in the financial industry, has focused the majority of his financial career on a number ...
>.Feel free at our free ringtones website, where you may find hot ringtones for your cell. Today we have a ringtone of “The Loco-Motion” by Grand Funk Railroad as well as 174 other ringtones by Grand Funk Railroad. “The Loco-Motion” is a gorgeous track from the “Shinin' On” album that was recorded by Grand Funk Railroad at their label together with other 1 tracks. You can listen to all 9 Grand Funk Railroad – “The Loco-Motion” ringtone variations available here and download it for free to your PC. You can also find other 14 albums produced by Grand Funk Railroad for all time. “The Loco-Motion”!
Grand Funk Railroad - The Loco-Motion - I'm Your Captain
- Grand Funk Railroad - Heartbreaker
- Grand Funk Railroad - Bad Time
- Grand Funk Railroad - Mean Mistreater
- Grand Funk Railroad - Footstompin' Music
- Grand Funk Railroad - The Locomotion
- Grand Funk Railroad - We're an American Band
- Grand Funk Railroad -We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
To access records on Terri Keefer located in Wilmington, NC, consider the expertise of PeopleFinders.com. PeopleFinders has a vast repertoire of people search data, including criminal records, divorce records, and public information for individuals like Terri Keefer. All you need is the last name Keefer and Wilmington, and you will easily be able to find the information you are looking for.
In order to speed up the manner in which data can be accessed about Terri in NC, we have compiled it into four categories - age, aliases/name, possible relatives, and location. This simplifies the process and allows users to quickly browse all the people with the last name Keefer above and select the best match. Once you locate the Terri Keefer you are searching for, go to the View Details link on the right hand side for more details.
If your search for Terri in Wilmington Terri Keefer in Wilmington, NC you're looking for, go to the Details page to study all the information we have to offer.- >
- News & Publications
- >
- Press Releases
- >
- Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP Welcomes 2007 First Year Associates
Press Releases
Director of Marketing
Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP
212-238-8753
info@clm.com
CARTER LEDYARD & MILBURN LLP WELCOMES
2007 FIRST YEAR ASSOCIATES
NEW YORK, September 4, 2007 -- Today, Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP welcomes first year associates Kelly Frisch, Erik J. Gaines, Evangelos G. Kramvis, Theodore Y. McDonough, Joseph P. Mouallem and Jinsoo J. Ro.
Kelly Frisch is a 2007 graduate of St. John’s University School of Law. She received her B.A. summa cum laude from Manhattan College in 2004.
Erik J. Gaines is a 2007 graduate of St. John’s University School of Law. He received his B.A. from New York University, The Steinhardt School of Education, in 2003.
Evangelos G. Kramvis is a 2007 graduate of Columbia University School of Law. He received his B.A. from Concordia University in 2004.
Theodore Y. McDonough is a 2007 graduate of Seton Hall University School of Law. He received his B.A. from The Pennsylvania State University in 2001.
Joseph P. Mouallem is a 2007 graduate of Harvard Law School. He received his B.A. magna cum laude from Yale University.
Jinsoo J. Ro is a 2007 graduate of University of Virginia School of Law. He received his B.A. from University of Virginia with High Distinction in 2001.Euphoria Music & Camping Festival is a few weeks away! With three stages bringing some of the best in livetronica, funk, jam & EDM in a serene Hill Country setting, Euphoria offers something for everyone.
Headliners include Beats Antique, Gareth Emery, Lotus and Zeds Dead but the diversity of this lineup is what really sets it apart.
Pace yourselves because there are plenty of acts that blow up a party wherever they play such as Boombox, The Floozies and Henry & The Invisibles. Hot off a west coast tour, Earphunk is sure to pack a punch and they're also performing as Daft Phunk.
One of the don't miss acts of the weekend would be The Motet. The Colorado funkateers are playing two sets at Euphoria, one originals and the other a full set of Jamiroquai. You can hear their cover of "Canned Heat" here and expect them to dive deep into the UK funk band's bag of tricks for what could be one of the best shows of the weekend.
General Admission weekend passes are on sale now for $99. VIP passes with preferred viewing areas, a private bar, festival swag and separate entrance are available starting at $169. Camping options will be available for both General Admission and VIP, starting at $149 and $219 respectively. Tickets are available online at. Euphoria Music Festival is an 18 and over event.> > No, you will need a server cluster. I know of no dynamic application > will handle that type of load on a single machine when querying a > million- > item database. Thanks Mike. That's what I figured but do you think interchange is up to the task even with a server cluster and how many servers would you guess we'll need? Best, BryanThe Ryan Report: WWE’s CM Punk Wants To “Curb Stomp” Chris Brown
February 21, 2012 4:01 PM
Today on the report:
• Whitney Houston‘s family pulled the coverage of her services
• CM Punk wants to “curb stomp” Chris Brown at a future WWE event
• Nate Dogg sex tape surfaces
• SNL’s hilarious Blue Ivy sketchThe MessageMe app is using phone list in users' iPhone to send invitation to everyone on the phone list. This is aggressive pushing of their products n violating my privacy. Pls take down MessageMe。disgusting company!
Most of the people on these forums, including myself, are fellow users - you're not talking to iTunes Support here.
If you want to contact iTunes Support about it then try the 'report a problem' link from your purchase history : log into your account on your computer's iTunes via the Store > View Account menu option and you should then see a Purchase History section with a 'see all' link to the right of it ; click on that and you should see a list of your purchases ; find that app and use the 'Report a Problem' link and fill in details about the problem (iTunes support should reply within, I think, about 24 hours).
If the 'report a problem' link doesn't work (it's been taking some people to this site on a browser instead of showing a form in iTunes) then you can try contacting iTunes support via this page :- click on Contact iTunes Store Support on the right-hand side of the page.
Retrieving data ...An ad from the Canadian Institute for Diversity and Inclusion is the most-shared ad in the week that the Winter Olympic Games launched in Sochi..
The chart, collated by Unruly, ranks ads on YouTube by the number of shares across Facebook, Twitter and the blogosphere. Ads older than 30 days are not included.
AUTOFEEDCAMVIRAL
This article was first published on
campaignlive.co.uk
Before commenting please read our rules for commenting on articles.83.5 kilometers.
I ride to the ferry launch this AM to see if the ferry is going to run.
Hmmm, looks pretty deserted.
A long timer out to walk his dog tells me they have officially shut down for the season. We talk for a while and he tells me I am a very strong man to ride in weather like this. He says he is going to Galway later today and will honk when he passes me.
I set off and ride into the landscape called “The Burren” The Burren is an very old Karst formation. It was written about it that there wasn’t enough land to bury your dead, and that neighbors stole dirt from each other.
Yet cattle thrived eating the mineral rich grass growing in the rock clefts.
I was so excited to be riding through this landscape. Jerry at the hostel who is a hiker reminded me to just switch the rain off in my mind.
This land has been inhabited for a long time. It is crossed with rock walls and remains of cottages.
This is the first peat I’ve seen, cut and rolled to dry for burning. Looks like little soil rolls.
What kind of creatures are these? Llamas? Alpaca’s? They have such long graceful necks.
To the point.
PI: Aaron M. Geller, University of Wisconsin - Madison, geller@astro.wisc.edu
Address: Astronomy Department, 475 N. Charter St., Madison, WI 53706, USA
CoI: Robert D. Mathieu, University of Wisconsin - Madison
CoI: Natalie Gosnell, University of Wisconsin - Madison
CoI: David W. Latham, Harvard-Smithsonian CfA
Title: A Study Of Anomalous Stars and Binary Populations Within Open Clusters: Tests Of Theoretical Models
Abstract: ``Anomalous'' stars, such as blue stragglers and more recently sub- subgiants, have been an enduring challenge for stellar evolution theory. Recently it has become clear that in star clusters these systems are closely linked to the binary star populations. Furthermore, through advances in N-body modeling, we have come to realize that stellar dynamical processes play a central role in the formation of such anomalous stars. Indeed, these stars trace the interface between the classical fields of stellar evolution and stellar dynamics. We propose a thesis study to directly probe this interface through high-precision radial-velocity measurements of the anomalous stars and the binary populations in four open clusters. We have selected NGC 188 (7 Gyr), M67 (NGC 2682; 4 Gyr), NGC 6819 (2.4 Gyr), and M35 (NGC 2168; 150 Myr), as these span a wide range in age, are rich enough to provide statistically significant conclusions, and already have an extensive base of kinematic, spectroscopic, and photometric observations from the WIYN Open Cluster Study. Our proposed observations will define the spectroscopic hard binary populations (fraction, frequency distributions of orbital parameters, mass ratios) for orbital periods approaching the hard-soft boundary. These observations will also provide a comprehensive survey for anomalous stars, including secure establishment of their cluster membership. These data will allow us to perform the first detailed comparison to predictions from open cluster simulations of the binary populations among normal and anomalous stars, and thereby to constrain the evolutionary paths from one to the other.
National Optical Astronomy Observatory, 950 North Cherry Avenue, P.O. Box 26732, Tucson, Arizona 85726, Phone: (520) 318-8000, Fax: (520) 318-8360Editor's Note: Tim Rowland is on vacation. This column first appeared on Aug. 29, 2005.
When I rode a bicycle across the country in 1976, two of the 15 members of our group wore helmets. One was the group leader, so she had to. The other wore a helmet out of choice, and we spent the next 4,280 miles trying to ridicule away her beliefs about safety.
I believe I was first told I should really be wearing a bicycle helmet sometime in the mid-'80s. By that time there had been enough taxpayer-funded studies of the skull/macadam dynamic that science was pretty sure an inch or two of fiberglass would be an asset to those compelled to, from time to time, go flying over their handlebars.
But I was in no rush to have two pounds of Owens-Corning strapped to the old lemon. To me, wearing a helmet violated six of seven of the personal freedoms that are protected by the Bill of Rights, somewhere in the back.By David Pollak
dpollak@mercurynews.com
LOS ANGELES -- Looking to close out their series with the Los Angeles Kings on Thursday night, the Sharks might be facing an opponent with a new look on its top line.
A lot of misdirection takes place at this time of the year on both sides, but Kings coach Darryl Sutter moved Dustin Brown up from the third line and had him skating alongside Anze Kopitar and Marian Gaborik in the morning skate.
Meanwhile, the Sharks had Joe Pavelski back at left wing on the top line with Joe Thornton and Brent Burns, though in Game 3 it was Tomas Hertl taking the bulk of the shifts there.
"I hope he gives a little bit of size and power," Sutter said of Brown. "I think when we play against Thornton, we've had trouble with the size of Burns and Thornton quite honestly."
Sharks coach Todd McLellan said that from his perspective, Thornton and Burns were just doing what they have been all season.
"Burnzie's somewhat reckless, which enhances his ability to play," McLellan said. "He's a big body that goes. Jumbo's always been 6-foot-4 for the I don't know last however many years. Those are two guys that have to lead us now. They really have to step up and make sure our team is ready to play. We're counting on them and I think they'll get the job done."
Burns has two goals and an assist. He also leads the Sharks this series in both shots (16) and hits (20) — both of which play to his strengths, according to McLellan.
"If he wasn't at our near the top we'd obviously have concerns -- he wouldn't have the puck, he wouldn't be involved physically," McLellan said.
A win Thursday night and the Sharks get needed rest before playing the winner of the series between the Anaheim Ducks and Dallas Stars, now tied at 2-2. If the Sharks lose, they come home for Game 5 at SAP Center at 7 p.m. Saturday.
For more on the Sharks, see David Pollak's Working the Corners blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/sharks. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/PollakOnSharks. - Loft Music
Albums by the weeknd
View All Albums by this Artist
Top ringtones by the weeknd
- the weeknd - Earned It (Fifty Shades of Grey)
- the weeknd - Earned It
- the weeknd - Earned It (From The Fifty Shades Of Grey Soundtrack)
- the weeknd - Earned It (Fifty Shades Of Grey) (From The Fifty Shades Of G
- the weeknd - Often
- the weeknd - Earned It (Fifty Shades Of Grey) (OST 50 Оттенков Серого)
- the weeknd - Earned It (Fifty Shades of Grey) [From The Fifty Shades Of G
- the weeknd - Wicked Games
- the weeknd - The Weeknd - Earned It
- the weeknd - Earned It (Fifty Shades of Grey) [From The" Fifty ShadesFinally got a picture of the quilt I made for my Great niece in 2006!
joni, very cute, nice border. gini
Joni So sweet. I love the prairie points.
Joni, it's adorable. I like the variety of pink fabrics & the edge of the quilt.
Love it Joni. The border is perfect.
wow What a lucky little Girl
Joni, it looks so soft and cuddly and I love the prairie points!
Really great job. I can just imagine that precious little one under the quilt.The MMAWeekly.com MMA Insider Blog provides some of the interesting information and media about your favorite fighters from the UFC, WEC, Strikeforce, Dream, and other
Not only is Vitor Belfort making the move to Affliction, he's also moving down to the 185-pound middleweight division when he faces Terry Martin at
A bout pitting UFC veterans Vitor Belfort and Terry Martin against each other has been added to "Affliction Banned" as part of the latest update
Breaking News on MMAWeekly: Vitor Belfort and Pawel Nastula have each been suspended for nine months by the Nevada State Athletic Commission as a result
Pride and UFC veteran Vitor Belfort has responded to the Nevada State Athletic Commission's charges that he had anabolic steroids in his system when he
Breaking News: MMAWeekly has learned that Vitor Belfort and Pawel Nastula tested positive for banned substances after their respective fights on Pride's "Real Deal" card
Defending PRIDE 185-pound champion Dan Henderson is scheduled to face "The Phenom" Vitor Belfort at PRIDE 32: The Real Deal...
Less than one week after losing by unanimous decision to Alistair Overeem, Vitor Belfort has been signed to make his return to Pride...
With his loss this past weekend at Strikeforce, is the MMA career of the once great Vitor Belfort coming to an end?
MMAWeekly.com has learned that Alistair Overeem will face Vitor Belfort at the next StrikeForce event...
Check out the UFC 187 faceoffs between Chris Weidman and Vitor Belfort, as well as Anthony Johnson vs. Daniel Cormier and several other key match-ups.
On Episode 1 of UFC 187 Embedded, UFC middleweight champ Chris Weidman stays humble, while Vitor Belfort gets in one last workout with the Blackzilians.
Dana White on Wednesday talked about Jon Jones, the potential returns of Georges St-Pierre and Brock Lesnar, as well as Anderson Silva's possible return to
Danny Castillo stops by to talk about being on the two cancelled PPV cards in UFC history, and the guys talk about Chris Weidman, Vitor
Wanderlei Silva, having admitted to fleeing a random drug test and using diuretics, seems to think his trouble with the NSAC is over... really?!
If ever there was an MMA event that fully utilized the "fight card subject to change" disclaimer, it would be UFC 175, a fact not
This week's Great MMA Debate podcast talks Vitor Belfort's positive test and the blown decision in the Ross Pearson/Diego Sanchez fight along with guests that
Matt Serra addresses his desire to fight Matt Hughes one more time, and also breaks down the upcoming title fight between UFC middleweight champion Chris
UFC president Dana White on Saturday night confirmed that Chael Sonnen and Wanderlei Silva will fight on the UFC 173 fight card on May 24
The fight between TUF Brazil 3 coaches is likely to support Weidman vs. Belfort, but Dana White says there is punishment due for Chael Sonnen
Luke Rockhold made quick work of Costas Philippou at UFC Fight Night 35 on Wednesday night, so now he would like to fight Michael Bisping
Every fighter on the UFC Fight Night 32 fight card was drug tested. Main eventers Vitor Belfort and Dan Henderson each underwent additional testing related
The Ultimate Fighting Championship handed out $50,000 in performance-based bonuses following UFC Fight Night 32 in Goiania, Brazil on Saturday.
Watch.
Check out the UFC Fight Night 32: Belfort vs. Hendo weigh-in video. The main event is a five-round rematch between Vitor Belfort and Dan Henderson.
UFC Fight Night 32 Henderson vs. Belfort Date: November 9, 2013 Venue: Goiania Arena Location: Goiania, Goiás, Brazil gate: attendance: 10,565 Fighter Awards &
Several of the UFC on FX 8 fighters fielded questions from the media at the post-fight press conference, which you can watch now on MMAWeekly.com.GAME: New York Islanders (36-38-6) at Pittsburgh Penguins (21-45-14).
TIME: Monday, 7:30 p.m. EDT.
The New York Islanders try to extend their points streak to a season-high five games when they meet the Pittsburgh Penguins in the back end of a home-and-home series at Mellon Arena.
The Islanders are 4-2-1 against Pittsburgh this season in a wild series that has featured five ties at the end of regulation - four shootout wins by New York and one overtime victory for Pittsburgh - and a pair of contests in which the Penguins outscored the Islanders by a combined 9-1.
Robert Nilsson scored in the sixth round of a shootout and Jason Blake had two power-play goals in New York's 5-4 win Saturday, improving the Islanders to 3-0-1 in their last four games overall.
Blake, whose 28 goals and 57 points this season are career highs, also scored in the shootout, along with Shawn Bates, Alexei Yashin and Nilsson, and goaltender Rick DiPietro made 20 saves to reach 30 wins for the first time in his career.
John LeClair had two goals and an assist for the Penguins.
"Thirty is a nice number," said DiPietro, who improved to 3-0-0 with a 1.95 goals-against average in his last three starts. "I give my teammates a lot of credit for hitting that mark. But if we lost tonight, I wouldn't have slept. I don't know if I want to remember tonight."
Penguins rookie Sidney Crosby, just three points shy of becoming the youngest player in NHL history to reach 100 points, was held off the scoresheet for just the fourth time in his last 13 games, a span in which he's collected seven goals and 15 assists.
If Crosby is trying join the Winnipeg Jets' Dale Hawerchuk as the only 18-year-olds to reach 100 points in a season.
Hawerchuk was 100 days older than Crosby when he accomplished the feat in 1981-82.
"I really want to do it, but I can't afford to think about it," said Crosby, who has 38 goals and 59 assists this season, including six goals and five assists in seven games versus the Islanders. "I have two games left and if it happens, it happens."
Crosby's point total ranks second to Washington's Alexander Ovechkin among first-year players. Ovechkin has 51 goals and 103 points.
STANDINGS: Islanders - 78 points, 4th place, 22 PB, Atlantic Division. Penguins - 56 points, 5th place, 44 PB, Atlantic Division.
TEAM LEADERS: Islanders - Miroslav Satan, 34 goals; Mike York, 39 assists; Yashin, 66 points; John Erskine, 156 PIM. Penguins - Crosby, 38 goals, 59 assists and 97 points; Brooks Orpik, 118 PIM.
SPECIAL TEAMS: Islanders - Power play: 17.4 percent (76 for 436), 21st in NHL. Penalty killing: 79.2 percent (372 for 470), 26th. Penguins - Power play: 19.0 percent (92 for 484), 7th. Penalty killing: 78.5 percent (408 for 520), 29th.
GOALTENDERS: Islanders - DiPietro (30-24-5, 1 SO, 3.02 GAA); Garth Snow (4-11-1, 3.68). Penguins - Marc-Andre Fleury (12-27-6, 1, 3.33); Sebastien Caron (8-8-5, 1, 3.83).
SEASON SERIES: Islanders, 4-2-1.
LAST MEETING: Saturday; Islanders, 5-4 (SO). At Uniondale, N.Y., Nilsson scored in the sixth round of the shootout and Blake had two power-play goals for the Islanders. LeClair had two goals and an assist for the Penguins.
ROAD/HOME RECORDS: Islanders - 16-21-3 on the road; Penguins - 11-21-8 at home. >> Nong, fight name Fakanong Saksompol, is a trainer and still an active Muay Thai fighter watch video >>
Muay Thai Fighter/Graphic Designer Ognjen Topic talks his huge head kick knockout of Paowarit Sasiprapa at Lion Fight 9! watch video >>
The Fight Network presents a news update on the Iron Tiger Muay Thai Academy in Toronto, ON. For additional coverage of MMA, boxing and pro-wrestling check out THEFIGHTNETWORK.com or follow us on Tw watch video >>
"Girl Fight: A Muay Thai Story" - Teaser Trailer watch video >>
Support our IndieGoGo campaign at this link here and help fund this film - watch video >>
Robert Guerrero "I didn't win fight but I won Amercia's hearts! He didnt have power to KO me!" Marcos Villegas speaks to Robert Guerrero post fight after his loss to Keith Thurman. For more Boxing >>
140 Muay Thai WFC Title fight watch video >>
Christine Stanley's 5 second flying spinning hook heel kick KO. watch video >>
Massive KO spinning kick. Muay Thai, kick boxing watch video >> - Fight Network attended the WAMTAC Warrior Challenge 2 event in Toronto, ON. featuring muay thai action along with interviews from promoter Zubair Khan, Real Fighters' Adam watch video >>
Ring generalship will come face-to-face with explosive power and force on Saturday, Nov. 8 when Bernard “The Alien” Hopkins takes on Sergey “Krusher” Kovalev in a light heavyweight unification title watch video >>
M >>Personalised Family Key Ring by between you & i £49$98.21€69.28$77.79 16 customer reviews(16) In stock £6.95$13.92€9.82$11.03 delivery to United States - Receive this item 5-10 working days from dispatch International delivery available number of photo charmsnumber of photo charms (required)12 (+ £15)3 (+ £30)4 (+ £45)5 (+ £60)number of photo charms (required)12 (+ $30.06)3 (+ $60.12)4 (+ $90.19)5 (+ $120.25)number of photo charms (required)12 (+ €21.20)3 (+ €42.41)4 (+ €63.62)5 (+ €84.83)number of photo charms (required)12 (+ $23.81)3 (+ $47.62)4 (+ $71.44)5 (+ $95.25) silver text charmssilver text charms (required)Not requiredOne message Charm (+ £25)Two message Charms (+ £50)silver text charms (required)Not requiredOne message Charm (+ $50.10)Two message Charms (+ $100.21)silver text charms (required)Not requiredOne message Charm (+ €35.34)Two message Charms (+ €70.69)silver text charms (required)Not requiredOne message Charm (+ $39.69)Two message Charms (+ $79.38) message required quantity by between you & i Location: Surrey, GB read seller's profile see seller's complete range more items from this seller Personalised Photo Cufflinks £85$170.36€120.18$134.94 Personalised Photo Pendant £49$98.21€69.28$77.79 Personalised Silver Photo Key Ring £59$118.25€83.42$93.66 Personalised Handwritten Message Silver Pe... £59$118.25€83.42$93.66 Personalised Engraved Message Silver Cuffl... £99$198.42€139.97$157.17 Engraved Best Man Silver Cufflinks £89$178.38€125.83$141.29 view all you may also like PRODUCT DETAILS CUSTOMER REVIEWS DELIVERY RETURNS Made in Britain can be personalised ask seller a questionMoney laundering: New cases pop up even as old ones drag
With the Financial Intelligence Unit deciding to probe three major banks for alleged money laundering, it is interesting to note that the same agency also conducted a probe in the HSBC money laundering case.
The decision to probe three major banks, HDFC, ICICI and Axis come in the wake of a sting operation by Cobrapost in which there were clops of officials allegedly agreeing to receive unverified amounts of money in violation of the money laundering laws.
During the HSBC probe, the agency found certain transactions, which were not valid. They had even collected the Suspicious Transaction Reports (STRs) and Cash Transaction Reports (CTRs) of the bank.
A source in the Intelligence Bureau said that it is a very time consuming probe. We have detained and questioned several persons including employees and also share brokers who were part of this alleged transaction.
Click NEXT to read more...
Image: There has been not outcome of the HSBC money laundering case as yet.
Photographs: Arko Datta/Reuters
Money laundering: New cases pop up even as old ones drag
The agencies had also probed some irregularities of this nature at the Standard Chartered bank. In both these cases it was found that there was inside help, which led to money laundering.
The FIU during its probe had also begun expanding its scope to several other banks. However with this sting being conducted, it has only aided the FIU to further its probe.
An official says that the scope of this crime is very wide and we were sure that money would not have been laundered in just one or two banks.
During the questioning of some of the employees it was revealed that there is stiff competition in the market with the emergence of several banks.
Most of the time, transactions are not closely monitored and in a rush to open up new accounts and reach targets, a lot of the norms have been flouted.
Click NEXT to read more...
Image: Agencies have also probed Standard Chartered bank for money laundering.
Photographs: Jo Yong hak/Reuters
Money laundering: New cases pop up even as old ones drag
Our investigation has been at a basic level and we are working our way to the top. We have found some names of share brokers who have parked money through such a transaction.
However there is credible information that even drug smugglers and terrorist organisations could have used the same channel to park such funds.
The probe had also revealed that criminals had often used brokers within India to carry out such a transaction. These brokers who are in touch with the bank agents work for a cut.
It was found that fake companies were quoted in order to open accounts and there was any proper verification of the money that was being laundered through the banks.
A source says that the probe is a very difficult one especially in the case of older transactions. A lot of money earned illegitimately has attained a legitimate form once in the bank.
Click NEXT to read more...
Image: Axis, HDFC Bank and ICICI are involved in the new money laundering case that Cobrapost has exposed.
Photographs: Vivek Prakash/Reuters
Money laundering: New cases pop up even as old ones drag
The trail becomes extremely difficult to follow in such a case and the matter needs to be probed from the root.
We suspect that the same set of touts have been working to aid such transactions carried out in all banks.
During the probe it was also found that the number of such transactions had increased a great deal since the past three years. This was largely due to lesser dependence on a hawala transaction.
The FIU has also questioned at least eight hawala operatives to get leads on the money laundering issue. They had revealed that any transaction for money laundering would have a very high stake in it.
No transaction below Rs 5 to 6 crore (Rs 50 - 60 million) was entertained by the bank as it was very high risk transaction.
NEXT to read more...
Image: In money laundering cases operators ask for at least Rs 5 crore, as the risk involved is high.
Photographs: Reuters
Money laundering: New cases pop up even as old ones drag
The assurance given to the bank was that a huge amount of money would be parked over a period of time.
The FIU has also been speaking with the auditors of the bank. This is also part of the probe and it is a very important one.
The details we have got in this regard are very sketchy as we are trying to find out how such transactions were passed at the time of the audit.
It is clear that benami companies were opened and money parked on this pretext. Whether it skipped the eye of the auditors or were they hand in glove is something that is still being ascertained.
It would take some more time since transactions for the past 5 years are being studied by the various agencies, sources pointed out.
Image: Resolving cases take time as investigating agencies study transactions over past many years.
Photographs: Dylan Martinez/Reuters
this
Comment
articleALL GAMES
ListenArabic.com Games offers you a wide variety of free online games.
Play online games for free without downloading; wait the flash games to load and start playing. You can choose any genre of games like games for boys /or/ games for girls, games for kids and games for everyone: flash games, memory games, card games, sports games, action games, puzzle games, fighting games, shooting games, racing games, smart games, challenge games…
You can find over 2000 online games. Challenge your pals and play games online with friends. Follow the instruction of games; below every game you will find information of the online games and learn how to play. Play free online games and select from the best internet online games collection from fun Arabic games, entertaining popular Arabic games, and smart games online.
Find free online video games, choose from the best online games and play right away.
Enjoy the fun!Is 70 inches the width or length? What are total dimensions for the opened up chair? Does it fit standart bedding? Twin? Full? queen? Thanks. lynn
Bought for my RV and worked well. It is an easy way to have an extra bed....
Brown Tri-fold Foam Chair / Bed / Mat
Perfect for a dorm room or a kids room. This brown foam chair bed provides a comfortable place to watch TV, complete homework, or sleep. The high-density foam makes this chair supportive and sturdy, ensuring your comfort for hours.
Details
ITEM#: 15266638The Tri-fold Chair Bed is an easy storage sleeping solution, just flip and fold to store or set up. This foam folding bed is the perfect folding bed for guests, but can also serve as a quick flip chair that sets up in seconds.
- Materials: Poplin fabric/1.2 high density foam
- Finish: Brown
- Upholstery materials: Poplin fabric
- Upholstery color: Brown
- Upholstery fill: 1.2 high density foam
- Multiple uses, can be used as an exercising mat to even a camping foam bed
- Foam in a tri-fold design
- Seating comfort: Meduim
- No assembly required
- Back rest: 24 inches high x 9.5 inches deep x 35 inches long
- Chair: 12 inches high x 35 inches wide x 20.5 inches deep
- Storage: 12 inches high x 35 inches wide x 39 inches long
- Total: 6 inches high x 35 inches wide x 70 inches long
Dimensions:
Specs
Customer Reviews
- Disclosures & Guidelines
- Filter By:
- Most Helpful
- Most Recent
Good quality for the price
Great little fold out chair
This was my first visit to overstock.com...great experience, went smoothly. This was great for my adult son so it was a good length. He is actually the one using it...and he said he was happy with it. I almost bought another chair but noticed the foldout length was actually for a child. This foldout was a very good price too. Good quality...good price
Questions & Answers
Hello lynniebl, The item folds down into a bed with dimensions of 6 inches high x 35 inches wide x 70 inches long. The regular size twin sheets should work fine. Thank you for your inquiry.
Is it 70 inches when it is toally flat?
Hello molly188, Yes it is 70 inches when it is totally flat. Please feel free to contact us again with any further questions.<<Ellen DeGeneres to Accept Ice Bucket Challenge & Feature Inspiring Man with ALS on Season Premiere
Ellen DeGeneres will be accepting the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge during the season premiere episode of her talk show and she will even bring an inspiring guest onto the show.
Anthony Carbajal, who is a 26-year-old man living with ALS, put an Ice Bucket Challenge video online that quickly went viral after he showed viewers what his life is like as a patient with the disease.
Not only was Anthony diagnosed with ALS, but his mother is also suffering from the disease and his grandmother passed away after a battle with the disease. In his video, Anthony challenged Ellen to take on an ice bucket and we’re so glad to see she will have him on her show!
Anthony Carbajal – Ice Bucket ChallengeMeet at the LC Fairgrounds Hall every Monday night. The dance is open to the public. A small entry fee will be charged at the door.
Posted on Tuesday, March 6, 2012 at 10:42 am
Download AP Mobile for National and Local News
© 2015 Lakeway Publishers, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Switch to our desktop siteAmherst could become racing centre for Maritimes
© Darrell Cole – Amherst Daily News
Paul Giroux looks over medals associated with Cross Border Challenge running events. The number of events is increasing to 11 this year with races planned for every month between April and October.
AMHERST – Paul Giroux envisions Amherst becoming a centre of racing.
From one race several years ago, the Cross Border Challenge is expanding to include more events in 2013 and additional events in coming years.
“We’re expanding the number of events we’re holding,” race director Paul Giroux said. “We’re adding four more events this year. We’ll have two 5K events in the spring, a 5K race in Pugwash to coincide with HarbourFest and a 10K event to go along with what we hope will be the new blueberry festival in August.”
That will go along with June’s Cross Border Challenge, the Tim Horton’s Four Fathers event in September and the second Pumpkin Run in late October.
“We will have one running event every month from April til October,” Giroux said. “We’re going from three running events in 2012 to 11 in 2013. That’s a big expansion and a big change.”
Giroux said the Cross Border Challenge will include a 5K on Friday, June 21 and a 10K and half marathon on Saturday, June 22. The Four Fathers will include a 5 and 10K run as well as a half marathon on Sept. 21.
“One of the best ways to attract more runners to a particular event is to offer a variety of distances. If you’re a 10K runner and your partner only runs 5K, or someone runs a half marathon, a greater selection of distances is important because you’ll attract more runners,” Giroux said.
Giroux said organizers are hoping to add a full marathon to the Four Fathers event in 2015.
In 2009, 180 runners participated in the first race that was held to coincide with the Four Fathers Festival. Last year, Giroux said there were 300 participants. The increased number of races also reflects how many local runners there are.
“The first year we had about 20 runners from Cumberland County. This past year, there were 200. The first year I started there were no running clubs here, now there are two. The YMCA has a running club and the Amherst Striders have more than 100 in their club. Running has grown here considerably, not only the number of runners but also their dedication and the distance they’re doing,” he said. “The first year we sent runners to the Legs for Literacy event in Moncton there were only four runners. Last year there were over 80. So, not only are there more runners but they’re running in more events.”
Giroux said increasing the number of events should make the town a racing centre since it’s within two hours of all major running events in the Maritimes.
He also said more races should mean more economic impact for Amherst. Every runner, he said, spends about $100 in town including hotels, gas and food.
Other changes for this year include having the Running Room handle registration because it allows for online fundraising.
Also, along with the YMCA, races will help other local charities including the Cumberland YMCA, the Cumberland Health Care Foundation and the hospital for sick children supported by the Cumberland Shriners. Those organizations are all expected to provide volunteers for the events as well.
The Cross Border Challenge will also be offering its own point series with top runners honoured at the end of the season. The challenge will also remain part of the Run Nova Scotia point and Timex series.
Twitter: @ADNdarrell
Recent comments
Cant wait till this years race. You all work so hard to bring this to amherst and it is a wonderful event and hope you continue to keep running events alive in amherst. congrats!!
where is the mention of the Y service club here? Or is it just Judi and Paul that do everything for this event? Also...how did you get away without having a picture of Judy in this story? Isnt she supposed to be in the paper everyday?
The United Way of Cumberland County will also be a participating charity in the Cross Border Challenge. Registration for the first four events in the Cross Border Race Series will open the end of this week.The collision on Wednesday morning that left a car on East-West Highway overturned resulted in non-life threatening injuries for the driver trapped in the vehicle.
Montgomery County Fire and Rescue Services say crews arrived a little after 7 a.m. on Wednesday to the intersection of Grubb Road and East-West Highway in the Chevy Chase/Silver Spring area. Rescue workers found a two-vehicle collision with one car rolled on its side and driver still trapped.
The vehicle was stabilized and the driver removed without incident, according to MCFRS. An ambulance took the driver to a local trauma center with non-life threatening injuries.
MCFRS today released some photos of the incident and aftermath. It’s hoping the collision will serve as a warning to use extra caution when approaching the intersection.
As you can see, rescue workers removed the entire roof of the vehicle before extracting the driver.
Westbound morning rush hour traffic on East-West Highway was affected for some time after the collision.
Flickr photos via Montgomery County Fire and Rescue ServiceThere's something special about a log home...
The secure feeling that emanates from the solid log beams overhead or the warm glow from the fireplace as it highlights the natural beauty of the walls. Maybe it's the sense of continuing a time-honored tradition, holiday memories & fabulous getaway vacations immersed in country tranquility.
Bear Creek Log Homes Inc., is one of the nations premier log home manufacturers and builders. Established in 1980, Bear Creek has over 25 years of experience ensuring that your home is of the highest quality and manufactured to the most exacting tolerances. We build log homes for your lifestyle and needs.
Offering distinct log styles:
Our log packages are designed to settle naturally while maintaining their structural integrity.
Are you ready for your Dream Home?
* * * * * * * * *
NEW! Follow the progress on a home currently being built in Big Sky
August Updates ( 3 Galleries)Gear Review
Marion
Best hydration pack I've seen yet.
This pack is excellent for day hikes and day back country skiing. It has enough room for emergency kit, head light, and sunscreen with enough room for food and extra sweater. The only down side to this is that water can freeze in the hydration nozzle, so be sure to blow the water back into hydration pack every mouth full otherwise you may get thirsty later! Very strong construction. I've had some spills and I haven't ripped anything yet!
View More Details on CamelBak HAWG Hydration Pack - 1203cu inConquering Catapults, Rockin' Rockets and LEGO Mindstorms NXT are just a few of the fun, engaging and educational classes that Jr.Tech is offering for elementary and middle school students this fall. In Conquering Catapults!, students in grades 5-7 will lay siege to their opponents by designing and creating a life size catapult trebuchet. Class runs Oct. 5 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Cape Cod Collaborative Building in Osterville. Fee is $100. Pack a lunch and prepare for battle!
Using the new LEGO Mindstorms NXT system, students in grades 5-7 will build and program real-life robotic solutions using the NXT programmable brick, interactive servo motors, ultrasonic, sound, light and touch sensors. Class runs Oct. 19 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Barnstable United School. Fee is $100. Pack a lunch.
Rockin' Rockets will have your 4-7th grader shooting for the stars with their very own rocket. Students will spend the day building their rockets and then take them outside to blast them skyward. Seeing where they land is half the fun! Class takes place Dec. 7 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Upper Cape Cod Regional Tech in Bourne. Fee is $65 (plus $13 payable on day of class for model kit). Pack a lunch and wear sneakers!
CONTACT US | The Barnstable Patriot | 4 Ocean Street | P.O. Box 1208 | Hyannis, MA 02601 | 508-771-1427 | Copyright © 2015 Local Media Group, All Rights Reserved.Remember the Date Calendar & Events
Get the who, what, where, and when of BU research.
Below are important dates and upcoming events sponsored by BU’s research-related offices. Use the calendar to find events for specific dates past or future.
All Topics (June 18 through August 31)
Tuesday, June 18
- 2:00 PM PhD Dissertation Seminar, Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine
- 4:30 PM Diverse Careers in Science: A Boston University Alumni Panel Discussion
Wednesday, June 19First Known Use: 14th century
Dictionary
restrain
verb re·strain >.
Learn More About RESTRAIN
Next Word in the Dictionary: restrainablyPrevious Word in the Dictionary: restraightenAll Words Near: restrain
Seen & Heard
What made you want to look up restrain? Please tell us where you read or heard it (including the quote, if possible).THE BATTLE FOR 35 U.S.C. 101 RAGES ON AT THE USPTO: One might think that after the BPAI's decision in Ex Parte Lundgren and the Interim Guidelines for Examination of Patent Applications for Patent Subject Matter Eligibility, rejections based on non-statutory subject matter were all-but-dead at the USPTO.
Well, they're not.
In fact, it's now worse than ever.
Anyone in the electronic/software arts can tell you that, over the last 6 months or so, rejections from the USPTO based on 35 U.S.C. 101 are legion and are being spontaneously introduced at all stages of prosecution. In the overwhelming majority of cases, the rejections are almost reflexive in nature, and contain incorrect applications of law (e.g., "claim 1 is clearly aimed at a method executed in a processing device, but does not recite a processor or memory. Applicant's claims merely recites an abstract idea that produces no useful, concrete, or tangible result).
Through numerous conversations with USPTO personnel, it appears that there is a concerted push by PTO management to have examiners aggressively question applications on 101 and 112(1) grounds. While Internet/business method applications are targeted most aggressively, non-Internet software methods are a close second, followed by methods performed in telecommunications systems (apparently division multiplexing has raised someone's ire . . .). Also, foreign-origin applications are being scrutinized more closely on issues of enablement.
While the PTO has taken a more hard-line approach to 35 U.S.C. 101, applicants also continue to test the limits of the statute. Recently, the IPO has jumped into the fray by filing an amicus brief to the Federal Circuit on behalf of inventor Petrus Nuijten, who filed an application directed to the digital watermarking of signals. The rub in this case is that one of the claims (claim 14) is to the signal itself, which was rejected by the examiner and the BPAI, claiming that, because the claimed signal lacked physical properties, it did not fall within the four categories of patentable inventions, and was otherwise an unpatentable abstract idea.
The BPAI decided that if signals fall within any category of Section 101, they are "manufactures." As such, manufactures should be limited to tangible articles, and electrical signals per se are intangible energy and not tangible items. As a result, the Board concluded that "to the extent [some of the] claims might be construed to imply an electrical signal . . . an electrical signal per se does not fit within any of the statutory categories of 35 U.S.C. 5 101."
While the application isn't published yet, the claim reads as follows: the brief, the IPO argues that "[t]he category of manufactures is not limited to tangible things, and, even assuming it is, electrical signals are tangible, man-made things. Therefore, electrical signals, as manufactures, clearly constitute patentable subject matter."
To see further details, view the IPO's brief here.Latest Mortgage modification Stories
Oak Grove Short Sale Agent Kris Lindahl’s Fannie Mae Short Sale Video Release Is Timely With FHFA Announcement
2012-09-03 23:01:06
The FHFA Announcement about the New Standard Short Sale Guidelines for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, created a lot of questions by homebuyers, so Kris Lindahl Released the 3rd video in the Short
Brookstone Law, PC: New Federal Fix Poses Dangers for Victims of Loan Mismanagement and Wrongful Foreclosures by Banks
2011-11-10 18:00:00
Reports of Deal Gives Lenders National Advertising Campaign While Requiring Minimal Efforts to Reach Homeowners Hurt by Banks Misconduct Newport Beach, CA (PRWEB)
ForecloseByowner.com Launches New Website To Help Homeowners Fight Foreclosure Through Social Networking
2011-09-21 17:30:00
ForecloseByowner.com is a free and secure social networking site that gives homeowners in foreclosure a trusted environment where they can network with other homeowners and receive advice from
Word of the Day
logocentrism
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.
The word 'logocentrism' is a blend of logo- + centrism.
Related- Filed Under
Muskingum's fifth-ranked defense will face another stiff test this week.
The Muskies will host John Carroll at McConagha Stadium on Saturday as part of the school's 91st annual Homecoming celebration.
Game time is set for 1:30 p.m. The school will honor this year's Atletic Hall of Fame inductees Doug Morgan (football, 1990), Laurie Deal (women's basketball, 1993), Ashley Layman Bennett (volleyball, 2002) and Rex Hoon (special category, 1948) at halftime. ...Night View of Griffith Observatory
Image Details:Location: Hollywood
Format: JPG
Resolution: 2100x1400
Image Size:1.6.If you frequent the X-Files newsgroup, you know that there are some threads that just won't die. People complain because Scully never drives or because Mulder always drops his gun. Here are the lists of episodes where many of these things occur -- so you can see for yourself whether or not any of these complaints/observations are valid.
Yes, Mulder does shoot people:
...and Scully shoots people too:
...and sometimes Mulder, Scully, and/or Skinner get shot!:
Yes, Scully does drive:
...and Mulder cries:
...but Scully cries too:
Yes, Mulder drops his gun A LOT:
... and Scully gets abducted/held hostage quite a bit:
Mulder ditches Scully
Mulder seems to be fond of porn
Danny & Chuck Burks Sightings!
While not as well-known as the Lone Gunmen, Mulder does have other friends that he calls on to help him out from time-to-time. Mulder's oft-called but never seen friend Danny has helped Mulder and Scully through many-a-case. Here's a look at some of his "appearances"...
When bad things happen to a good boss (Skinner, of course)
What do you call a man without a name?
This is a compilation of the names that our agents and their associates have called the man billed in the credits as "The Cigarette Smoking Man".
Mulder's slide shows
You know them. You love them. We can't go too long without them.
Elvis Lives On -- in the X-Files
Songs in the Key of X
Chris Carter once said that eventually all songs from the album "Songs in the Key of X" would appear somewhere in the show. Here's how we are doing so far:
Episodes that promote Cannibalism
Here are the episodes where people/bits of people are eaten! (List originally posted to alt.tv.x-files by Joe Ramirez)
Deaths of recurring characters
In this category, recurring characters are those that have appeared in more than one episode -- and two-parters only count as one episode.
Mulder & Scully Hugs & Kisses:
Special relationshipper section! For the romantic in us all.
Scully uses her key to enter Mulder's apartment
Mulder Sleeps on his Couch
Why Haven't They Evicted Him Yet?
Why would any apartment building want Mulder as a tenant? Listed here are gunshots and other assorted nastiness that occurs in and around Mulder's apartment.
List for the sleep-deprived
As long as we are on the topic of Mulder sleeping on his couch, here is a list of instances where Mulder has been told to "get some sleep"...
Writer Vince Gilligan somehow references his girlfriend, Holly Rice, in his nearly all of his episodes
Mulder and/or Scully in the teaser
We so rarely see Mulder or Scully before the opening credits, so you know that when they are there we are in for something special
The Big Blunders...
note: Adding this list kinda breaks my heart. It has been requested by various people down through the seasons, and I've always avoided adding it here -- partially because some blunders are open to interpretation (especially with the now-muddled mythology), but mostly because I like to keep a positive feel to my website, and this one is pretty negative. However, comments made by the powers-that-be during Season 8 made me feel that maybe this list does need to be available for all to see -- maybe those guys need to be reminded that we do indeed keep up with this stuff. I'm not aiming to list every nitpick, just what I consider to be the "big blunders" and inconsistencies between episodes and plot points.
Mulder in Jeopardy, with Scully to the rescue:
Scully in Jeopardy, with Mulder to the rescue:
Tag Line Changes
Every so often the line 'The Truth Is Out There' during the opening theme is changed. Here are the changes so far:
Laura Witte.The collections released end of December/ early January by MAC are always reliable and dependable. They are often the most wearable collections released by the brand and this one is no exception. Given my recent love of nudes, I’m quite smitten with M·A·C’s Magnetic Nude.
Disclosure: samples were provided for editorial consideration.
1 Comment
Drool worthy beautiesSearch Swinburne Research Bank
List of Titles
Controlled-growth free-radical polymerization of methacrylate esters: reversible chain transfer versus reversible termination
Please use this identifier to cite or link to this item:
- Title
- Controlled-growth free-radical polymerization of methacrylate esters: reversible chain transfer versus reversible termination
- Author(s)
- Moad, Graeme; Anderson, Albert G.; Ercole, Frances; Johnson, Charles H. J.; Krstina, Julia; Moad, Catherine L.; Rizzardo, Ezio; Spurling, Thomas H.; Thang, San H.
- Abstract
- Several processes for controlled growth free radical polymerization are contrasted with respect to reaction mechanism and their particular advantages and limitations. Kinetic simulation is used to examine relationships between reaction conditions, the significance of various side reactions, and the evolution of molecular the weight distribution. Expressions used to calculate molecular weights and polydispersities for the various mechanisms are reported Alkoxyamine-initiated polymerizations of methacrylate esters give only low conversions (10-40%, dependent on particular nitroxide and reaction conditions). Polymerization ceases due to a build up in the nitroxide concentration and the initially formed alkoxyamine is ultimately converted to an unsaturated macromonomer. The conversion, molecular weight and polydispersity are determined by the rate and equilibrium constants and combination:disproportionation ratio associated with the nitroxide - propagating radical reaction. Polymerization of methacrylate monomers in the presence of methacrylate macromonomers provides a viable method for controlled growth polymerization to high conversions. However, narrow polydispersities are difficult to achieve by solution polymerization due to a slow rate of exchange between dormant and active propagating species.
- Publication type
- Conference paper
- Source
- ACS symposium series, Vol. 685: Controlled radical polymerization: Proceedings of the 1997 American Computer Society (ACS) National Meeting, April 1997, pp. 332-360
- Publication year
- 1998
- Keyword(s)
- Polymerisation
- Publisher
- Oxford University Press
- ISSN
- 0097-6156 (series ISSN)
- ISBN
- 9780841235458, 0841235457
- Publisher URL
- none
- Peer reviewedTHE MARRIAGE ACT – MEETING 23 JULY 2014
Date/Time
Date(s) – 23/07/2014
10:30 am – 2:30 pm
Location
Salvation Army Regent Hall in Oxford Street
Categories
No Categories
Recently, we wrote to you indicating that there would be a meeting of ministers to respond to the BUGB response to The Marriage Act and changes to Ministerial Recognition rules. This meeting will now take place on Wednesday, 23rd July @ Salvation Army Regent Hall in Oxford Street. Paul Goodliff from the Ministry Team and Stephen Keyworth of the Faith and Society Team will be joining us. The aim of the meeting will be twofold. Firstly, for Paul and Stephen to brief the meeting on what has happened so far. Secondly, to give ministers in London an opportunity to question Paul and Stephen, listen to one other and determine the messages that they wish to communicate to Council and the wider Union. We recognise there are strong feelings and differences of opinion around these matters. We believe this meeting will give an opportunity for honest sharing of views. However, our expectation is that it will take place in an environment of mutual respect and would ask that the meeting is surrounded in prayer. To quote the apostle ‘We are not unaware of the devil’s schemes’ :2 Corinthians 2:12 The programme for the day will begin at 10.30 a.m. and will conclude no later than 2.30 p.m. Coffee will be available from 10 a.m. and a sandwich lunch will be provided. We would like to know the numbers who are attending and would be grateful if you would let Norman Kincaid (norman.kincaid@londonbaptist.org.uk) if you are coming. Every Blessing Geoff, David, Kumar and Paul Regional Team for the London Baptist AssociationWell-rested Hossa hoping for healthy season
CHICAGO -- It might sound a little odd, but goals and assists aren't the primary concern for Marian Hossa this season.
Those surely will pile up for the Blackhawks forward if he can achieve his primary goal: Staying healthy.
Sounds easy enough, but staying healthy for a full season is something the 32-year-old Hossa hasn't done since playing all 82 games with the Atlanta Thrashers in 2006-07. In each of the four seasons since, while playing on four teams, Hossa has battled multiple injuries.
That includes both seasons the Slovakian star spent with the Hawks after signing a 12-year contract in July 2009.
"I would like to play 82 games," said Hossa, who got his first extended offseason to rest since making three straight trips to the Cup Final with three different teams. "That would be my goal. I hope it helps that I had a long summer, long recovery and a longer summer program."
If anyone needed the rest, it was Hossa, who had had three straight short summers before the Blackhawks lost in the first round of last season's playoffs to the Vancouver Canucks. Hossa's first season in Chicago began with him out of action while recovering from offseason shoulder surgery, but last season was the most frustrating for both he and the team.
He missed 17 games with four separate ailments -- including two extended absences -- and each one seemed to thwart his effort to regain top form. After totaling 7 goals and 11 points in his first seven games, Hossa scored just 1 goal and 9 points the rest of the calendar year while getting hurt twice – the first a shoulder injury in late October and the second a knee sprain in late November after a collision in practice with defenseman Nick Boynton.
"Last year, he seemed to be on that track where he was on top of his game and all of a sudden (he'd get) hurt again," Hawks coach Joel Quenneville said. "That was something that came up at least three times, but early in the year he was as good of a player as there is in the game."
The trick now is finding a way to stay on the ice, since good things usually happen when he does. He's played at least 80 games six times, and in each of them he's scored at least 30 goals, and twice has 40. He's also scored at least 75 points in five of the six seasons. In 2006-07, the only season he played all 82 games, he set career-highs in goals (43), assists (57) and points (100).
Hossa believes the extended offseason he had this summer could be the answer -- or at least a good starting point.
"(It was) definitely nice," Hossa said. "Mentally and physically, both things, it was really important. After three short summers it was a nice break. Hopefully it's going to help me."
Hossa also will have added motivation from a personal standpoint after one of his closest friends, former NHL star Pavol Demitra, was killed in the Sept. 7 plane crash in Russia that wiped out the Yaroslavl Lokomotiv KHL team. Hossa has Demitra's number on his skates and might keep it there for the start of the regular season -- a season he's been looking forward to all summer.
Now all he has to do is stay healthy for an entire season, and see if he and the Blackhawks can reap the benefits if his past trends hold up.
It won't hurt that he will man the right wing on a talented second line that might be centered by Patrick Kane, with veteran Andrew Brunette on the left side. Kane has played right wing almost exclusively since breaking into the NHL in 2008, but if he adapts to the center role, it could mean some high point totals for all three of them.
Kane is considered the Hawks' best passer, while Hossa is one of its best shooters. Add Brunette's slick hands around the net on the other side and the potential is there to have one overwhelmingly good line -- at least in the offensive zone.
"With Hossa being a left-handed shot, getting the puck in his hands a little more would be friendlier for everybody," Quenneville said. "(Kane) sees plays and makes plays and (Brunette's) kind of comparable … they can all see plays and make plays, and it's going to end up on somebody's stick eventually in that dangerous area."
That's exactly how it worked the first time the line was put into action, as Hossa and Kane were all over the score sheet Wednesday against the Detroit Red Wings. Kane had a goal and an assist, while Hossa scored the game-winner during a 5-on-3 power play in the third period.
While he didn't initially seem thrilled to play center, the notion of playing with Hossa more often has to be enticing for Kane.
"You look at his career and he's pretty much scored 40 goals every year (he's been healthy)," Kane said. "He's probably glad that he had the long summer and happy that he's healthy. He looks good to start. He's fresh and looks excited. If I'm playing with him, that's great. I'm happy to play with him and try to feed him the puck and get him good scoring opportunities because you know he can bury it."
However, it's not just the things that show up on a score sheet that makes Hossa such an important piece to the Hawks' puzzle.
"He's one of the elite players in the game and can be one of the top guys," Quenneville said. "You can always measure certain players by their production, but … he does so many things well. Sometimes he's playing good hockey and doesn't have anything to show for it (offensively), but we feel his contribution to our team game is immense."
And that's the biggest reason the Hawks must find a way to keep him healthy.Event Center
A perfect event starts with the right venue.
Watch a Video Tour: Click on the video to the right to see what makes the Lake Elmo Inn Event Center so unique., although it can accommodate 20 to 300 guests for full service dining and up to 400 guests for cocktail parties..Apple Crisp Oven Pancake
Total Time
Prep 10 mins
Cook 16 mins
I got this recipe off the internet, but I don't remember the website.
Make and share this Apple Crisp Oven Pancake recipe from Food.com.
Ingredients Nutrition
- 1⁄2 cup oats
- 2 1⁄4 cups Bisquick, divided (tm)
- 1⁄4 cup brown sugar
- 2 tablespoons butter, softened
- 3⁄4 teaspoon cinnamon
- 3⁄4 cup milk
- 3⁄4 cup chunky applesauce
- 1⁄4 teaspoon vanilla
- 1 egg
Directions
- Mix oats, 1/4 cup Bisquick, brown sugar, cinnamon, and butter. Set aside.
- Mix remaining ingredients until well blended.
- Pour into greased jelly roll pan. Spread batter to edges.
- Sprinkle oats mixture over batter.
- Bake at 425°F for 14-16 minutes or until light golden brown.
Reviews
Most Helpful
This was quite a tasty treat on a cold morning and produced just the right aroma to rouse my DH out of bed! I adjusted the amounts to make 1/2 the recipe and used a heart-shaped bundt pan instead of a regular baking dish. That meant I had to put the topping in first, then add the batter. It popped out perfectly! I also nuked a small apple to add to my non-chunky applesauce and glad I did. The only thing I'll do next time is add a little sugar or Splenda to the batter. It had a fabulously light texture, but just needed more sweetness. As all good pancakes need, we topped ours with syrup, but that's not necessary. Thanks 4-H Mom!
My family loved this. It did make a lot - I would say it serves closer to 10.
Apple Crisp Oven PancakeMI
Taylor Public Schools Foundation for Educational Excellence awards 2010 scholarships
The Taylor Public Schools Foundation for Educational Excellence awarded 12 scholarships to graduating seniors from Harry S. Truman and John F..
Taylor children can eat lunch free this summer
Taylor children can enjoy a nutritious lunch throughout the summer..
Ensnared in a crackdown on illegal immigration, Lopez spent two weeks in an INS holding facility and was deported with a stern warning: Try it again and you'll do time in prison.
Now, along with his wife and three daughters, who returned here from Santa Ana after his deportation, Lopez, 30, hopes for a miracle.Employment Opportunities
At Jurlique, you can be part of a team that produces the purest, most effective skin care possible to meet and exceed the evolving needs of our customers all over the world.
We are always on the lookout for talented and passionate individuals to join our team. Please click here to see all available positions.The Real Bank Bailout: Upward Sloping Yield Curve
Larry Kudlow -- Out of the blue, bank stocks mounted an impressive rally this week, jumping nearly 40% on the S&P financial list. One after another, big-bank CEOs like Vikram Pandit of Citi, Ken Lewis of BofA,.
MP: The charts above illustrate Larry Kudlow's analysis.
The top chart shows the 30-year mortgage rate and the 1-month CD rate over the last five years, and the bottom chart shows the difference between those two rates as an estimate of a typical bank's net interest margin (a slightly different measure of interest rate spreads than the 3-month to 10-year Treasury spread). The current net interest margin for banks is close to a five-year high of almost 5%, explaining the recent bank stock rally. And the historically narrow 1% spread between 30-year and 1-month rates in 2006 and 2007 reflects the credit crunch that Larry describes.
9 Comments:
Every silver lining has a big, black cloud wrapped around it. In this case, people are not paid a decent return on their savings.
What Larry Kudlow doesn't mention is that he was on tv every single day haranguing the Fed to raise interest rates "higher" to strengthen the dollar.
Every. Single. Day.
rufus: I dont recall this. What time period are you referring to? I clearly remember Kudlow advocating rate cuts long before the Fed cut rates.
I will guarantee you that starting 10:35 am EST on Monday, the financial sector "corrects". This was merely a short-covering by bears, who realize that everything that was "said" by banking executives this week, is a series of orchestrated lies. We will know they are lies, when they all report by mid-April. I loaded up on FAZ, BGZ, EDZ, etc. in the close today, and will buy more, if I get a beautiful gap down on Monday. Prediction: We hit a sub-peak on April 13th in the market when all the 401K transfers, from media beievers, runs dry and reality shows up. A nation of Money Managers, who are forced to adhere to Modern Portfolio Theory, will robotically lose the other half of everyone's retirement savings. Sad but true.
Anon, if you will go back to the time period when Bernanke had just taken over he had raised interest rates to 4% and was showing signs of wanting to stop. Commentors like myself were weeping, and crying and begging for cessation, and Kudlow was pounding the table every day calling for higher rates to bring back "king dollar."
Remember the "Monetary Manhood" nonsense he threw on Bernanke at this time?
Look up when Bernanke took over, and then go back through the archives of Kudlow's blog. He's wiped out all comments, but the original posts should still be there.
This is the strategy that the Fed employed following the savings and loan crisis.
I wonder why this strategy wasn't employed, by the federal government, when the credit markets froze up? At the time global investors were selling corporates in a panic and excepting low, and in some cases negative, yields on treasuries. The government could have helped calm the panic and facilitated the reallocation of capital by taking the other side of that trade.
By selling treasuries at very low rates and buying corporates they would have provided liquidity to the market and taken the position of lender of last resort. Corporations would have found a market for their debt and every payment cycle would have strengthened the federal balance sheet, reducing the deficit. The fed did intervene directly in the overnight corporate paper market to support money market funds, they could have extended that intervention further down the corporate yield curve to the benefit of taxpayers.
BxCapricorn: missing the boat!
In the summer of 2007, the world wide yield curve predicted the recession and now it is predicting the recovery. Sure, Monday, the market maybe down or maybe not, but the economic turn is in progress. The "big battleship" real estate is turning in most markets. Banks will enjoy the writing up of the securities they have been forced to write down.
Excellent and informative pieces of information MP! What we saw last week was capitalism and the free markets at work. Financials tend to lead the rest of the economy and historically they must do well for the rest of the economy to recover. Its part of an old economic term we used to call the business cycle.
BxCapricorn, so much for YOUR guarantee. Are you sure you are not Kudlow in disguise?
Links to this post:
Create a Linkthis was the first and last time we will stay at this campground. The playground is very run down. Our daughter needed to be rushed to the emergency room to get 10 stiches in her leg. The Dr said she was very luck and could have very easily bled to death if her wound was slightly deeper. The campground needs to update there playground instead of patch jobs. The Eco Lodge in Golden is much nicer, I will be recommending it to all my friends, along with why they should not be staying at the Whispring Spruce.Awesome + dance + hip hop
jillmarieee
JeremihBoommanChildish Gambino,
24,861 2,372 28min (20 tracks)
If you're awesome and you know it, clap your hands.April 20, 2012
ilovepunctuation
Cobra StarshipTwo Door Cinema ClubKaty Perry,
770 74 13min (19 tracks)
Popular music that just makes me want to dance! Nineteen tracks, including Cobra Starship, Two Door Cinema Club, & Katy Perry.August 08, 2011
berniermn4
Edward Maya & Vika JigulinaFlo RidaVika Jigulina,
602 57 1min (8 tracks)
Nine tracks including music by Edward Maya & Vika Jigulina, Salt N Peppa and Flo Rida.February 17, 2011
whateveryoulike
Childish GambinoNicki MinajThe Pretty Reckless,
10,645 990 35min (9 tracks)
All you need to get skinny for summer, has a little bit of everything to get you pumped.April 23, 2012
If life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, then lets get wasted and have the time of our lives.spacebound007
Kottonmouth KingsKid CudiKe$ha,
852 74 20min (18 tracks)
Songs from all the face melting ragers I've been to, with my hands up, having the time of my life.April 27, 2011
thunderseed
David GuettaKreayshawnShawnna,
257 26 43min (12 tracks)
Get your dance on with these hot songs! Hot tracks featuring Kreayshawn, David Guetta, Shawnna, and Sean Garret .November 12, 2011
cantucrouch
Flo Rida ft. Pitbull3OH!3Ke$ha,
484 26 25min (8 tracks)
Eight tracks including music by 3OH!3, Flo Rida ft.November 12, 2011
NMW1779
Gilbere ForteJennifer LopezBenny Benassi feat. T-Pain,
90 9 24min (8 tracks)
Eight tracks including music by Benny Benassi feat.March 10, 2011
aparrish86
Passion PitOdeszaMr Probz,
4,550 57 1hr 8min (24 tracks)
A mix of new electronic, indie, reggae, hip-hop.November 17, 2014
Choice 314
CaribouAPSCIBoogie,
449 6 50min (20 tracks)
Fun dance mix for Bettina.January 17, 2015
AllAroundAndy
Foster the PeopleBrother AliAtmosphere,
41 2 19min (8 tracks)
Dig these beats, you and these tunes will eventually meet.August 30, 2011My Last.....I started college about a year and a half ago and was beyond excited. High school was hell mostly because of my over zealous mother who instead of allowing me to embrace our faith my way forced her God fear upon me. I was sheltered to an extreme. And idk uhow but I end up on the bit of the darkside. I love heavy metal and strange things that were according to her were sinful and of the devil. And my step-demon aka step-dad is an anti-social old man so no frienda were ever allowed over and I couldn't go to there house cause she didn't know their spirit (im almost twenty and she srill does this). So high school was full of sneaking lying and secrets. Worst years ever. And well like any other social outcast i wanted to do nothing more than run away from my purgatory. So I started at a school an hour away (wasn't far enough) but I couldnt focus well so my grades weren't stellar. We didn't know my problem but of course who gives a flip and my "Christian" mother made me move back home with a skip of a beat. So my mother made me come home and live here with her and my step-demon and go to college locally.
Well that made everything worse I came home to my old life and basically had a complete and total melt down to the point of suicide. I worked it out through therapy and some (barely) any family support. I've skipped a semester and its time to go back and if this crazy woman doesn't shut the hell up im gonna lose it!! Im scared to go back because its like we made progress but everything has regressed I wear a laugh bracelet I found just to remind me to laugh I cry everyday multiple times a day I don't know what to do in therapy I was diagnosed with situational deppression and sometimes I just pray the Lord will take me before I wake for. Two years every holiday has been miserable I try to break free but I can't im stuck in a hole and I don't know how much longer I can stay here.
And everyday I hear someone telling me it'll get better, just pray and believe, have faith, bull ****!!! Ive done every flippin thing I can and nothings work, not even my therapy is workin anymore I feel like im losing it but I never had it in the first place
I mentally and physically can't take anymore. The next meltdown will be the last..........
I just need help............
Thank you everyone for your advice it was beyond amazing and helpful I can't even believe how low I was at this point and time a lot had changed my life has flipped upside down (in a good way) I'm moving forward in my new career and have almost completely left the previous situation and I can gladly say I've come out unscathed same old me with my "devil" music haha love you all!!
State the questions you have in your mind and listen with your heart. You will find the answers. Remember, only you can decide what your destiny in life is
your not alone
exsistentialist*
I strongly disagree with you extentialist. It is still a criminal act to do something like throw a brick through a window and it will also possibly injure someone...there could be lawsuits that follow something like that and the last thing this girl needs is to be put into a mental institution where they dehumanize her and take away all of her freedoms. I understand that in a way your advice was just a jest, but also a bit serious. I am sure that you are talking about if it gets really really bad, but even then I think there are much better solutions to this problem, and creating more problems isnt advisable. I respectfully disagree, no anger towards you at all. I thank you for speaking your mind. But do you in some way see my point?
If things get really bad goto the police station and throw a brick through it's window. You'd be surprise how much help there will be for you. Get out of that house now! There's help out there. Or better throw the brick throught the mental health window. I'm serious. Drastic measures take drastic measures. Extentialist.
Say to her that what she fears most is manifesting, her demons of control and manipulation( which is classified as witchcraft)are causing you huge stress and depression.Tell her to pray and seek therapy too, if she really wants to help you she will.I agree that you physically should leave,it still won't change her behaviour or her fears of failure and loss.Virtual hugs from another continent.
You do need to physically remove yourself from the situation. Contact me n we can talk through real solutions. I almost died in a car crash four days ago and now I know I'm here to help others. I can help you, and others want to as well. U may feel lost, but youre not alone.
I have a very similar story. Please don't give up friend. U will find a way. It is all about intent. That music u like is helping u channel some of the negative emotions. My answer to a very similar childhood was to join the military. Which was good and bad. What are your interests and talents? Those will be your way out. Trust me. Keep talking to kind, like minded souls.Australian Owned, Global Networks
Consultant
Manager Recruitment Operations
Payroll Officer
Senior Consultant
Consultant - Candidate Services
Recruitment/Office Administrator
Administration Support
Manager - Special Projects and Recruitment Administration
Senior Accountant
Office Administrator/Reception
Manager Business Support
Managing Consultant
Consultant - Client Services
Senior Recruitment Administrator
Manager Workforce Operations
Managing Director/Principal Executive Search
Business Services Manager
Supervisor - Commercial Accounts
Principal Consultant
What does it take to be a part of the MPi Team?
View available jobsThis text is part of:
Search the Perseus Catalog for:
Table of Contents:
[322b] already old and habituated by the previous statesmen to do many things at variance with his own counsel.1 For he would have given counsel to it, as to his father, with the greatest possible pleasure, had he not supposed that he would be running risks in vain, and would do no good. And I suppose that he would do the same as regards counselling me. For if he deemed us to be in an incurable state, he would bid us a long farewell and leave off giving counsel about me or my affairs.”
1 cf. Plat. L. 7.325a, Plat. L. 7.325c ff.; and, for a theory of “counsel,” Plat. L. 7.330c ff.Originally posted by Ulf Dittmer: Hello "Enrico.
Originally posted by Ulf Dittmer: As to your question, what do you mean by "interact"? Axis is implemented as a web app, with the AxisServlet mapped to all requests for URLs starting with "/services/*". So in that respect it works like any other servlet. I realize this is probably not what you were asking; maybe you can provide some more detail what you are asking.
<transportReceiver name="http" class="org.apache.axis2.transport.http.SimpleHTTPServer"> <parameter name="port">8080</parameter> <!-- Here is the complete list of supported parameters (see example settings further below): port: the port to listen on (default 6060) hostname: if non-null, url prefix used in reply-to endpoint references (default null) originServer: value of http Server header in outgoing messages (default "Simple-Server/1.1") requestTimeout: value in millis of time that requests can wait for data (default 20000) requestTcpNoDelay: true to maximize performance and minimize latency (default true) false to minimize bandwidth consumption by combining segments requestCoreThreadPoolSize: number of threads available for request processing (unless queue fills up) (default 25) requestMaxThreadPoolSize: number of threads available for request processing if queue fills up (default 150) note that default queue never fills up: see HttpFactory threadKeepAliveTime: time to keep threads in excess of core size alive while inactive (default 180) note that no such threads can exist with default unbounded request queue threadKeepAliveTimeUnit: TimeUnit of value in threadKeepAliveTime (default SECONDS) (default SECONDS) --> <!-- <parameter name="hostname"></parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="originServer">My-Server/1.1</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="requestTimeout">10000</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="requestTcpNoDelay">false</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="requestCoreThreadPoolSize">50</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="RequestMaxThreadPoolSize">100</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="threadKeepAliveTime">240000</parameter> --> <!-- <parameter name="threadKeepAliveTimeUnit">MILLISECONDS</parameter> --> </transportReceiver>
Originally posted by Enrico Tamellin: F) Conclusion: THE THREAD OF TOMCAT CONNECTION THREAD POOL is not free until it finishes the Axis2 service.
Originally posted by Peer Reynders: Just out of curiosity - what is motivitating this line of inquiry?Lynn Marshall
Emergency Management Director
Sarpy County Emergency Management
1210 Golden Gate Drive
Papillion, NE 68046
Phone
(402) 593-5785
(402) 593-5763
Lynn Marshall
Emergency Management Director
593-5785
Shannon McVaney
EMA Specialist
593-5955
Welcome to Sarpy County Emergency Management...
We hope the information you find here is informative and useful;
Please email us if have any questions...
A Message from the Agency Director
Emergencies occur daily. They include vehicle accidents, fire and rescue calls -- at school, the workplace and in the home. Communications between law enforcement, firefighter, rescue, and public works agencies are critical in these emergency situations.
Disasters can deprive people of the basic necessities of life -- things like food, shelter, health or the ability to continue earning a living. In a matter of minutes disasters can devastate an entire community.
Much can, and must be done to prevent or reduce the impact of disasters. As outlined in our mission statement and in our vision for the future, the Sarpy County Emergency Management Agency works to reduce risks, strengthen support systems, and help people in our community prepare for and cope with disasters.
Please visit our pages and get to know our staff, our services, the hazards present in Sarpy County, and how you can prepare yourself to best respond to emergencies and disasters.
The Sarpy County Emergency Management Agency operates under the direction of Director Lynn Marshall. Additionally, the EOC (Emergency Operation Center) is maintained in a state of readiness for daily operations as well as emergent situations that require an IC/EOC interface.
Our Department works with many of the local, state and Federal programs and projects that need our constant attention for compliance. Planning, Exercise, and Training are three areas we are continually work to support Public Safety Response preparedness that employs the whole community concept for a more disaster resilient community during emergencies and disasters.
Sarpy County Emergency Management operates within the "Four Phases of Emergency Management"
Preparedness, Mitigation, Response & Recovery.See also: IRC log
<scribe> scribenick: igor
Phase 1: clear and precise semantics.
<sandro> WG charter phase 1 --
<AxelPolleres> In case that someone on the phone wants to speak, please let us know on IRC, we have to switch on a microphone manually in case.
Sandro: multiple semantics
<sandro> necessary to understand in phase 1
JosB: phase 1 has to cater for multiple semantics for phase 2
Phase 1. RIF should have a standard way to specify the intended semantics (or style) of the rule set in RIF
ChrisW: meta language features - phase 2
csma: make two requirements
<sandro> difference between tags like priorities and authors -- meta data vs meta reasoning
hassan: move it into previous requirement
<sandro> Sandro: we need meta data, not meta reasoning, and priorities/preferences are part of the language.
chrisw: add a new requirement on meta data
<sandro> ACTION: Sandro to make sure the Requirements in Charter Phase 1 are in the Requirements Draft, or discussed in WG. [recorded in]
proposed: meta language features go into RIFRAF
<sandro> Mike, are you generally hearing us well this morning, with our table mics?
meta rules for meta reasoning goes into Phase 2 and RIFRAF
<mdean_home> yes - it's a lot better than yesterday
Meta data like author, rule name, is Phase 1.
MichaelK: normative rules are in general any formulas, not just rules
chrisw: deductive rules (partially) go into Phase 1
... normative and reactive go into Phase 2
sandro: some normative rules may be covered in phase 1
<sandro> The term "Horn Logic" in the Charter is ambiguous about whether it includes Normative Rules. "Positive Horn" does not, and is the normal use of "Horn".
PaulV: we need to specify phase 1 target before ruling out
languages
... which go into phase 1 or phase 2
... the phase 1 goal is to interchange fragments of languages
<sandro> ChrisW: Phase 1 Goal == Interchange the Horn Fragement of existing Rule Languages
<scribe> ACTION: Paula clarifies which deductive rules exactly what goes into phase 1 and what into phase 2 [recorded in]
<pfps_home> I still don't understand why Phase 1 has to cater to multiple semantics
<pfps_home> (I didn't mean to put the question to the entire group, just to Jos)
<scribe> ScribeNick: David Hirtle
dropped
Phase 2 ==> RIFRAF
<sandro> anyone on the phone?
<sandro> (awake)
<scribe> ACTION: Paul to clarify what part of production rules can be usefully translated using phase 1 RIF
<pfps_home> I could be on the phone, but it is a bit involved from home.
<sandro> pfps_home, I was just curious about whether ChrisW could be heard -- and if anyone cared.
(we have more microphones today)
<pfps_home> OK, I'll check the sound situation out.
<sandro> pfps_home, if you're not listening it doesn't really matter if you can hear us. :-)
<pfps_home> Wow, Zakim remembers from years ago!
ChrisW: if all horn clauses mean the same thing, this is irrelevant for phase 1
<pfps_home> Sound is much better than yesterday (modulo the occasional burst of noise).
csma: I still don't understand what this means exactly
paula: some rule languages have both deductive and reactive rules, for example
csma: then this is RIFRAF & Phase 2
(slide 12)
support rulesets with features from multiple languages: DROPPED
<pfps_home> Some people are very clear, as usual Chris is not so clear. :-)
(he doesn't always get the mic up to his mouth)
<sandro> Chris is standing and keeps dropping his hand holding the mic
<sandro> we should get Chris a lapel mix
<sandro> we should get Chris a lapel mic
<pfps_home> In general, only loud speakers come through - I think that the "cutover" level is set too high.
<pfps_home> I can hear the background hiss cutting in and out when the sound level is too low.
sandro: charter mentions arithmetic builtins
dave: that might do
sandro: we have to demonstrate extensibility, but not sure about phasing
dave: the mechanism is probably phase 1, the core set is phase 2
sandro/csma: not required by charter in phase 1
chris: so it's phase 2 but we may do it earlier
chris: phase 2
hassan: phase 1
<sandro> csma reads
sandro: charter says nothing about typed variables
<sandro> Difference between typed data values and type-constrainted varaibles
<pfps_home> How do production rules *need* typed variables - OPS rules don't have them, I think. This is not to say that certain rule systems don't have them, just that some don't.
sandro: don't see why this is phase 1
<sandro> sandro: why are typed variables in phase 1?
<sandro> hassan: you can transform types into predicates
<sandro> sandro: right
csma: does Horn preclude types?
<AlexKozlenkov> Horn does not preclude typed variables
<pfps_home> Extensions of Horn could easily include typed variables.
<AlexKozlenkov> Prova uses typed variables in derivation and reaction rules
csma: we can choose whether we support types in phase 1 or phase 2
harold: we can regard it as a syntactic extension
<sandro> syntactic sugar
sandro: I think types are really useful
dave: let's phrase it so we know it's just syntactic sugar
<AlexKozlenkov> A simple example <Var typesystem="Java" type="java.lang.Integer">I</Var>
<pfps_home> I don't understand why an interchange format should *ever* have syntactic sugar - syntactic sugar is designed to make things easier for people to see, and this is not a forcing function for interchange langugages, which are not designed for human consumption.
<AlexKozlenkov> agree, pfps
<bonatti> if syntactic sugar allows for shorter messages, then it is good for an interchange format
<sandro> pfps_home, one reason: because you want to round-trip through the RIF without losing the structure that people/systems find useful.
<AlexKozlenkov> typed variables is not syntactic sugar
<bonatti> I agree
<pfps_home> Isn't XML a counterexample against short interchange formats?
<bonatti> is XML good?
<AlexKozlenkov> one could have different type systems
<pfps_home> But syntactic sugar is not a good thing for preserving structure, because it is so easy to flip between the sugar and the base.
<sandro> csma: we dont want to force translators to de-sugar types, in phase 1
chris: who wants this in phase 1?
... otherwise, it's phase 2
<sandro> ChrisW: resolved it's phase 2, for lack of a champion in phase 1
<sandro> csma: note that it can still be done in Phase 1, we're just not requiring it.
chris: is this different than an external call?
dave: it seems frank (who originally posted this) thought
it was the same thing
... because he replied to my email about external calls with "that's already there"
harold: it's just the wrong thing to call it oracular
csma: replaced by "external calls" requirement
chris: phase 1
... whose requirement is this?
csma: requires clarification
sandro: I'd be happy to drop this
chris: like last one, this needs a champion otherwise it'll go away
<sandro> "this" is slide "Extensibility of Semantic Markup"
csma: dropped because covered under the CSF of extensibility
sandro, not the whole requirement, just the slide?
<sandro> DavidHirtle, um not sure, since I don't know what requirement corresponded to that slide
chris: phase 1
(break time)
<sandro> Sandro: I'm am okay (if not happy) with dropping my Soundness requirement in favor of the more general "default behavior" requirement
<AlexKozlenkov> sound is completely gone now
<sandro> We're on break.
<sandro> scribeNick: MichaelKifer
<AxelPolleres> In case that someone on the phone wants to speak, please let us know on IRC, we have to switch on a microphone manually in case.
drop the requirement, replaced with implementability
<sandro> csma: in compliance model, some options must be optional
discussion of levels of compliance with RIF: should be possible to opt out of some features, but not out of all
<sandro> weird loud noise on the phone line.
DaveReynolds: RIF will define a compliance model, which allows for optional features
Resolved to keep both: RIF should use standard support
technologies (XML, parser generators) and "RIF should be implementable
using well understood implementation techniques" in Phase I
(slide 23)
<sandro> Implementing RIF must not require changes to rule systems -- it must be implementable via translators.
discussion of the nature of RIF implementation
<sandro> (agreement on my proposed wording)
csma: rif implementation amounts to implementation of translators from RIF to existing languages
daveReynolds: this is implied by the nature of interchange - no need to make a requirement.
(slide 24)
Low transfer cost, inexpensive representation - dropped as a requirement
<sandro> this is about Efficient Implementation Possible
<sandro> which is a CSF, not a requirement
<sandro> Harold: but Horn has an exponential search space
<sandro> csma: That's about Rule Engine performance --- I'm talking about translator performance.
sandro, csma: efficient implementation is a critical success factor, not a requirement
Efficient implementation: postponed for a future working draft
RDF compatibility: accepting rdf as data, expressing rdf deduction rules, permit sparql queries.
SPARQL queries - left for Phase 2; RDF as data and RDF deduction rules - Phase 1
<sandro> RDF Deduction Rule -- RDF in the conclusion of a rule
RDF deduction rules - moved to RIFRAF
decided that phasing will be part of RIFRAF classification
<scribe> ScribeNick: MarkusK
Requirement: RIF should support RDF triples as data / support RDF/XML
JosB: RDF data model is closely related to RDF deduction rules
csma: you could support triples without the rules
Discussion: what exactly is "RDF data model"?
... And which parts are Phase 1 or Phase 2?
Harold: The term "data model "is unclear. "RDF semantics" or "RDF graph" would be more explicit.
DaveReynolds: a mapping from RDF to RIF is required. We should specify it.
<sandro> in phase 1
JosB: this is not possible in Phase 1. Since bnodes are
not in represented Horn logic.
... the RDF semantics is more complex than just the triples. What do we mean here?
Harold: explicitly mention RDF data model without bnodes
... make bnodes an optional requirement
ChrisW: does everybody agree that RIF should accept ground triples (those without bnodes)?
scribe: even when excluding bnodes, types, properties, XML literals, ... would still be required for RIF
Rephrased requirement: "RIF should cover ground RDF triples as data"
JosB: mapping to RIF might generate an infinite number of ground triples
csma: is this a problem of the RIF? Do we have to care
about the exact number?
... we just want to interchange.
JosB: so the RIF should not represent the RDF semantics?
DaveReynolds: the requirement now is rather clear, we only discuss about the possible realisation of the requirement now
csma: cover RDF where feasible in Phase 1, and in Phase 2 otherwise
Added requirement: RIF should cover RDF triples as data in Phase 1 where compatible with Phase 1 semantics
GaryHallmark: what does this mean for the RIF? How much RDF is required in the RIF then?
Sandro: just some parts of it have to be representable in the RIF. This does not imply that RDF syntax or parts of it are actually parts of the RIF.
<sandro> Hassan: If RIF covers N3 then does RIF cover RDF?
<sandro> Sandro: Yes, I guess it does! :-)
Added requirement: RIF should cover RDF for Phase 2.
<scribe> Dropped requirement: Support RDF/XML syntax
Requirement: Support OWL
... "RIF should accept OWL knowledge bases as data"
JosB: various ways of accepting OWL have been suggested
see
csma: "tight integration" there would relate to RIFRAF
... both "tight integration" and "external query processor for OWL" are solutions
JosB: they also refer to slightly different requirements, since the achieved interoperation is different
csma: "tight integration of OWL models and rules" appears to be a Phase 2 requirement
<Harold> "tight integration" is usually called "homogeneous combination"; "external processor" is usually called "heterogeneous (hybrid) combination".
csma: integrating OWL and rules tightly might be an objective of the SemWeb activity, but not a primary objective of RIF
Sandro: let us move this to Phase 2 then
Added requirement: RIF should cover OWL KBs as data where compatible with Phase 1 semantics
<DavidHirtle>
DavidHirtle: the terminology wiki page gives little hints on what "covering a language in RIF" means
<DavidHirtle> mentions "covering"
Chris: "covering OWL KBs" is not covered by calls to external reasoners
<sandro> csma: It's not a requirement that OWL KB's be conveyable in RIF
Dave Reynolds: but the relationship of RIF and OWL must be clarified in Phase 1
Sandro: most of this discussion could be postponed to Phase 2
<Darko> Can a link for the Terminology page be placed also on the main page (for instance together with Glossary) ?
<sandro> Darko, please go ahead and do it.
<scribe> ACTION: Chris to clarify what to say about the relationship between RIF and OWL in Phase 1
Chris explains the difference between external calls for handling OWL and full coverage
csma: "covering" still allows RIF processors to use external calls for handling OWL
<DavidHirtle> sandro, is the stuff in Terminology sufficiently different to warrant being distinct from the glossary?
Sandro: if a language is covered, then you could not
distinguish the parts that originate from the language from other parts
of RIF
... it is not clear how to invoke external reasoners then
AxelPolleres: it seems that we now go in the direction of providing a completely new RDF syntax in RIF
Further discussion about RDF compliance ...
<AxelPolleres> Clarification: I think that we should have as a general rationale to stay as close as possible with existing syntaxes and only modify/extend where absolutely NECESSARY in RIF.
Chris: "cover" still is different from "black box"
csma: still some clarification needed
<DavidHirtle> (we're all out to lunch)tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-4518232392780308567.post6676344390076396696..comments2015-05-21T22:23:04.195+01:00Comments on The Family Recorder: Copac update: The National Archives Library addedAudrey Collins Audrey, I want to let you know that your blog ...Hi Audrey,<br /><br />I want to let you know that your blog post is listed in today's Fab Finds post at<br /><br />Have a great weekend!Jana LastThe restaurant Plage Belles Rives declines a summer cooking to be tasted at table, at the water's edge. The Beach proposes numerous conveniences to relax, have fun, savor and bustle:
- Spaces of sand and solarium in the comfortable deckchairs for a day of idleness.
- Swimming, aquaerobics, dive and fitness lessons
- Sea excursions / Rent of boats
- Massage relaxation or tonic by the professional team Bertrand Poncet
- The Belles Rives Water-skiing Club which welcomes everyone on the pontoon of the hotel, from 7 am in the morning : ballads or freestyle skiing, upward parachute, ski bus, buoys, paddle-board and every year, at the end of August, the Challenge Marc Grilli who gathers the future champions and their parents for a nautical skiing event.
Reserve your place in the sun: T. 04 93 61 02 79 - info@bellesrives.com
The customers of the Hotel also benefit from a free access to Health Club, hammam and heated swimming pool of the Hotel Juana.
In the nearby area :
Port Gallice - 500m
Tennis courts, Golf, Museums, Shopping, Casino“To say I am excited now about the season ahead is a major understatement,” Aitchison said. “To race in the World Superbike class has always been a dream of mine and to be given this opportunity with a team that has such a long history in World Superbike racing is something I am very proud of.”
Aitchison has a handful of podiums since he begun racing in the World Superstock division in 2007. Aitchison has also raced in the World Supersport division, but this will be his first outing with the premier class.
“I would like to thank all the Pedercini family for giving me such a wonderful chance to be a part of their team and I look forward to repaying their faith in me by focusing all my motivation and dedication toward this project,” Aitchison said. “In Phillip Island I’ll be riding and racing the bike for the first time, so even though it will not be easy, I understand that this is a long season. I’m looking forward to this new challenge, and I’m especially looking forward to getting back to the Phillip Island circuit, which I love to race on.”
Aitchison will get a chance to test out the ZX-10R at Phillip Island, a week before the start of the season.
“I’m very satisfied with the agreement reached with Mark Aitchison and I’m delighted to welcome him on board,” said Team owner Danilo Pedercini. “He’s an excellent addition to the team; I appreciated his riding qualities and his determination. Mark is full of enthusiasm and has a passion for racing.
“Together we will take on this new challenge and we firmly believe he will quickly grow. Mark is strongly motivated and he’s on the same wavelength as we are in terms of projects and targets. He’ll test the new Kawasaki Ninja ZX-10R during the next Phillip Island test and of course the first two races will not be easy for him, but I’m sure that all our technicians will help him to be competitive very soon.”
The Pedercini team will also have a third rider at Phillip Island. Bryan Staring will join the Pedercini team as a wild card at the opening round of the World Superbike season.
Courtesy of AllAboutBikes.comCovering Sexual Assault
- This Webinar was originally broadcast on:
- February 22, 2009 Enroll Now
Course Overview
- Title:
- Covering Sexual Assault
- Type:
- Webinar
- Cost:
- Free
- Originally Broadcast On:
- February 22, 2009
-.
Covering sexual assault is perilous. Whether you are reporting on a high-profile criminal investigation such as the Duke lacrosse team, covering a kidnapping or trying to assess the competence of your local police department, you are balancing the needs of vulnerable stakeholders against your duty to tell the truth and inform the public.
This course, originally broadcast Feb. 22, 2007, examines the various issues you are up against when covering sexual assault. It will help you raise your awareness in interviewing victims, know the rights of the accused and understand public reports and surveys.
What Will I Learn:
- Strategies for journalists and victim advocates who wish to work together
- Hurdles that prevent us from telling the whole truth about sexual assault and educating the public
- Techniques for interviewing victims and being sensitive to the rights of the accused
Who Should Take this Course:
This course is for anyone who has ever grappled with what -- and how much -- sensitive information to include in a story.
Course Instructors:
.
Susan Lewis
Susan Lewis is communications director for the National Sexual Violence Resource Center..You are here
»
Communications & Marketing
»
Press Releases
News
MVHS Stroke Support Group Presents “T’ai Chi Chih”
Apr 21, 2015
On Wednesday, May. T’ai Chi Chih is a martial art dating back to ancient China. It includes physical movements, mental concentration and relaxed breathing....
Free Wellness Presentation at Utica College
Apr 21, 2015
The Mohawk Valley Health System Wellness Center in conjunction with students from the Utica College Health Studies Program is hosting a presentation on the benefits of aquatic wellness programs on Wednesday, May 6, 2015, at 1pm in the Macfarlane Auditorium on the ground floor of DePerno Hall at Utica College, 1600 Burrstone Road, Utica. The program is free and the community is invited to...
FSLH Honors Retired Sergeant Robert Philo of New Hartford Police Department
Apr 17, 2015
On Thursday, March 19, 2015, retired Sergeant Robert Philo was awarded a recognition plaque from Faxton St. Luke’s Healthcare (FSLH) for his years of service and his dedication to protect and serve the hospital and community. Philo had been a part of the FSLH community for more than 10 years. He was influential in establishing a close working relationship between FSLH and the New Hartford...
St. Elizabeth College of Nursing Awards Spring 2015 Scholarships
Apr 17, 2015
UTICA -- The St. Elizabeth College of Nursing Scholarship Committee has announced the following recipients of the 2015 spring scholarships: Class of 1957 Scholarship Susan Burr, Weekday Freshman Woman’s Christian Association Scholarship Amber Dietrich, Weekday Senior Dana Roes, Weekday Senior Brittany Corey, Weekend Senior Rebecca Evans, Weekend Freshman Nancy...
MVHS Names Vice President of Human Resources
Apr 15, 2015
UTICA – Greg M. Howard has been named vice president of Human Resources (HR) for the Mohawk Valley Health System (MVHS). In this role, he is responsible for the day-to-day HR operations, HR strategic direction, organizational development and training, and employee relations including recognition and awards for the system. Howard also oversees two Employee Health offices. Prior to working for...
Mohawk Valley Health System Renames Primary Care and Specialty Groups
Apr 14, 2015
UTICA –Faxton St. Luke’s Healthcare (FSLH) and St. Elizabeth Medical Center (SEMC) affiliated in 2014 to form the Mohawk Valley Health System (MVHS). As MVHS celebrates its first anniversary, the medical group offices of the two former organizations have joined together under a common name: MVHS Medical Group. The new primary and specialty care network encompasses 32 locations and 130 providers....
Bariatric Surgery Program Continues to Grow
Apr 13, 2015
On Tuesday, March 26, 2015, William A. Graber, MD, FACS, held a ribbon cutting ceremony to celebrate the opening of his new office. To better meet the needs of their patients, The William A. Graber, MD, PC, Bariatric Surgery Medical Office opened a new and expanded office at 125 Business Park Drive, Suite 150, in Utica, New York. Founded in 2002 by Dr. Graber, the Bariatric Surgery Program at...
MVHS Senior Sunday: Lunch and Learn Lecture - April 26
Apr 10, 2015
On Sunday, April 26, 2015, the Mohawk Valley Health System will host a Senior Sunday: Lunch and Learn Lecture. The topic is “Spotlight on Organ/Tissue Donation and Transplant,” and will be presented by Shaina Kaye, Hospital and Community Services specialist from the Center for Donation and Transplant. Kaye will present on the life saving benefits of organ/tissue donation and explore common...
Mohawk Valley Health System Celebrates National Healthcare Volunteer Week
Apr 10, 2015
In honor of National Healthcare Volunteer Week, April 12 to April 18, 2015, the Mohawk Valley Health System (MVHS) celebrates the many active volunteers who donate their time, energy and talents to the organization and encourages others to start helping within their communities. During this annual week-long celebration, volunteers are offered discount coupons to the hospital gift shops and can...
MVHS Names Language Assistance Program Director
Apr 8, 2015
UTICA – Sergey Germanovich has been named director of the Language Assistance Program for Mohawk Valley Health System (MVHS). In this position, Germanovich oversees daily operations of the program, including the direct supervision of administrative staff members and interpreters throughout MVHS. Germanovich has been an employee at St. Elizabeth Medical Center since 2009, serving in various...
Pages
« first
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…Timbo126
05-16-2007, 08:49 AM
We just purchased a new X-45 with the L-18 8100 motor. The boat has already gone through one motor that lasted two hours before it broke a rod. Then we got another motor dropped in covered under mastercraft warranty. The boat is great, but for some reason now with the new motor when bringing the boat back in to neutral from either forward or reverse the engine sometimes bogs down and stalls out. It does it pretty often just wondering if you guys had any ideas. I thought maybe the idle air control valve.Rule Supplement 1: Mounted Combat (E-Book)
eBook (PDF), 91 Pages
Price: $9.99
Download immediately.! Also available in print.
Available in PDF Format
Ratings & ReviewsLog in to review this item
There are no reviews for the current version of this product
Refreshing...
There are no reviews for previous versions of this product
Refreshing...
Product Details
- Justin Alexander (Standard Copyright License)
- Publisher
- Dream Machine Productions
- Published
- November 3, 2011
- Language
- Pages
- 91
- File Format
- File Size
-:
Mini-Adventure 1: The...
eBook:
John and Abigail
eBook:
City Supplement 1:...
eBook:
Spells of Light and...
eBook:
$4.99
$2.00
$4.00
$2.00
$2.50
Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.
Please verify your birth date to continue.Math Martians: Times Tables
By Cambridge English Online Ltd.
Open iTunes to buy and download apps.
Description
How fast can you tap through your times tables? Math’s a great way to boost mental calculation skills too.
***Available at our special introductory price!/multiplication, we think it’s a hard app to beat. to see the ‘big-screen’/Math while playing.
- Ideal for children starting to learn multiplication
- Boosts mental calculation skills
- Great for in classroom teaching
- Helps develop fine motor skills
Watch out for lots more fun Math Martians iPhone apps (Addition,:
iPhone Screenshot
- $0.99
- Category: Education
- Released: May 26, 2011
- Version: 1.0
- Size: 11.3 MB
- Language: English
- Seller: Cambridge English Online Ltd
- © Cambridge English Online Ltd. 2011
Compatibility: Requires iOS 4.3 or later. Compatible with iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch.Dan Bush |
profile
|
all galleries
>> Missouri Skies Archive (Extra Stuff)
tree view
| thumbnails |
slideshow
Missouri Skies Archive (Extra Stuff)
A collection of some interesting photos from years past.
Sunset Composite
Sky Color Composite (Experimental)
Friday Night Lights (Band)
Friday Night Lights
My Backyard by Moonlight
Apache Warriors
Pickwicks
Homecoming 2010
Homecoming 2010
Homecoming 2010
Homecoming 2010
RHO Registered and Stacked: No further Processing
Prancing Horse - RHO Ophiuchus: 1 image
Friday Night Lights Stanberry Version
Friday Night Lights Stanberry Version
11-11-11 Veterans Day Observance
AHS Gymnasium
AHS Gymnasium
AHS Gymnasium
AHS Gymnasium
Coaches vs. Cancer Night with Cheerleaders
Kansas City Skyline
Planet KC
Planet KC Daylight
Elementary School Sign Circ. 1952
Elementary School Sign Circ. 1952
Elementary School Sign Circ. 1952
Baptists Spreading the Word
Ralph M. Bush, Harvey L. Bush, John B. Bush
LST 857
LST 857
House Fire
House Fire
Old Water Tower Demolition
Old Water Tower Demolition
Old Gym Renovations
E.C. Smith Field at the Wayne & Doris Guess Sports Complex
E.C. Smith Field at the Wayne & Doris Guess Sports Complex
comment
Type your message and click Add Comment
It is best to
or
first but you may post as a guest.
Enter an optional name and contact email address.
Name
Name
private comment
Andrea Kubis
03-Feb-2007 17:51
So that's what they're called! I see "sundogs" very frequently and wondered what caused them because it's usually around cities. I guess the reflection idea is out, and I'm not imagining them. I guess that God has been out with His paintbrush, again! Thanks for posting your amazing photos-
Fred Dreher
30-Jun-2006 18:05
Breathtaking photos! Please keep adding photos. Thank you
PhotoLover
22-Apr-2006 07:21
I'm from Kansas City and am stationed overseas in the military. Your pictures are so beautiful and they comfort me at times when I want to be at home.
marci rogers
01-Apr-2006 20:39
Caught your website from the most recent Missouri Conservationist magazine. We just moved here from Ohio. Thank you for such a wonderful tour of the Missouri sky. Your talent is a gift! Marci
dan dunn
01-Jan-2006 16:17
An excellent body of work! DD
click on thumbnails for full imageOrganizations
Mayo Medical Transport
San Mateo EMS Agency
COMCARE
Center for Excellence in Rural Safety, Humphrey Institute, University of Minnesota
Advisory Committee Members
David Aylward
Director, COMCARE
Jane Fountain, Ph.D.
Professor, University of Massachusetts Amherst, and Director of the National Center for Digital Government
Lynne Markus, Ph.D.
Sr. Professor, Bentley College
Lee Munnich
Director, State and Local Policy Program, Humphrey Institute, University of Minnesota
Joseph Sussman, Ph.D.
Professor, MIT School of Engineering
Judith Woodhall
Managing Director, COMCARE
Case Study Collaborators
Scott Zietlow, M.D.
Director of Trauma, St. Mary's Hospital, Mayo Clinic, Rochester, MN
Stu Eickelberg
Administrator (Retired 2010), Mayo Medical Transport
Barbara Pletz
Administrator (Retired 2009), San Mateo, CA EMS Agency"They're not informed of anything, they don't give you numbers, they belittled me and I felt this small," said Caridad Curet, a Lower East Side resident.
While many seem frustrated and forgotten, others praise the response:
"Very excited to have some food and water, we've been without water and food since Monday," said Catherine Perez, hurricane victim.
Disaster response experts tell Eyewitness News the city, state, and federal governments do deserve credit for unparalleled coordination.
"You have to give credit to Christie and Cuomo and governors for liaisoning with federal government and the Obama Administration and working to keep close tabs with local response to recovery operation," said Michael Riley, of Columbia University.
A disaster preparedness expert at Columbia University says there is also plenty of room for improvement, citing failed hospital generators that forced evacuations.
"I hope one of the lessons we can learn from this it's not where they are located but infrastructure that supports generators fuel pumps and other electrical circuitry is also protected from weather," Riley said.
Eyewitness News has also learned that New York and New Jersey have deployed just 25-30 percent of their National Guard units to hurricane relief.
That's fewer than 6,000 soldiers combined to cover thousands of square miles of devastation covering two states.
"My idea, more is better," said Lt. Gen. Russell Honore, Commander of Joint Task Force Katrina.
General Honore who took over the Katrina recovery operation after FEMA's failure says he had 50,000 National Guard.
"It provides a sense of security for people when they see National Guard, they will go around and give people food that refuse to move and bring in communication," Gen. Honore said..
EYEWITNESS NEWS VIEWER PHOTOS FROM SANDY
---. It was held on September 21, 2013 at New York University.Commuters traveling to or from the Chula Vista might want to check the traffic before heading out on Wednesday night.
Warped Tour, the day-long music festival, will be finishing around 8 or 9 p.m. and traffic is notoriously backed up around Interstate 805 and Interstate 5 near the Otay Mesa Road exits.
Drivers should be advised that roads near the Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre will likely be backed up from 8 to 10 p.m. on Wednesday, June 27.
Follow NBCSanDiego for the latest news, weather, and events: iPad App | iPhone App | Android App | Facebook | Twitter | Google+ | Instagram | RSS | Text Alerts | Email Alerts
Published at 12:46 PM PDT on Jun 27, 2012In a recent interview Basketball Wives LA star Draya Michele says her boyfriend, Dallas Cowboy Orlando Scandrick, is willing to pay her to leave the show...
Draya tells Big Boy's Neighborhood,
“You know what? I think it.’”
46 comments:
What is up with taking these intimate photos of you and your significant other...and then posting them online?
Tuh. I guess I am just too private and too prude...or my man and I just may be too busy to snap staged photos of us together in bed.
Didn't he get some of his dirty laundry aired out on the show?
@MsLee did you ever get married to the engineer dude? I remember you were talking a little about him on a post.
He tryna pay a hoe to be a housewife. O Skandrick ain't ever been too bright..
You damn right. Sit yo ass down and stack that money before he leaves you.
He is a nobody, so his checks will soon stop coming in. Draya should not quit her day job for a man, especially one that is not your husband....STACK YOUR OWN MONEY, this is not the 50's women now have rights, and can work....any man wanting you to stop making your own money, is one that is trying to control you.
@9:49
Ever heard of Facebook? What kind of random and intrusive question is that for a public gossip site? Weird as hell....
Dirty Stripper Sluts - W
Educated Black Women - L
He is doing no different then what all them other ballas and rappers..."pay her for her time" just sounds like the dulexe package where she stays for months instead of hours....
@Ms. Lee
I agree. Folks post ANY and EVERYTHING on social media. It is ridiculous. I don't care who you lay next to at night. I wish all of these reality 'stars' and shows would just go away already. These people get famous for acting like coons and bullies on tv and we watch. Pathetic.
#SCANDAL IS BACK TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
9:49---
Yes.
10:23---
This generation is fueled by narcissism and selfishness. I agree with you as well; ALL reality shows and the pseudo-famous need to disappear.
Chile please any man trying to get you to quit a job is trying to control that ass, is her going to buy her a house cash and put it in her name, a car fully paid for and a nice tidy sum in the bank with her name attached to said account? then it would be a deal, ain't like the muthafukka is trying to wife her ass up.
Draya would be a fool to quit a guaranteed paycheck for a temporary check. Dude is not your husband.
Dude is embarrassed because his business was put on front street. No one told him to sign up in the first place.
He is so full of shit....but he probably could pay her double as Draya aint making no "real" money from the show. Her nigga is a dog, plain and simple. Draya needs to think about it. She been RAN THROUGH by a bootcamp full of rougish ass niggas AND BITCHES. What dude worth ANYTHING would truly want to take a slut hoe like her seriously? Come on, yall. Draya is aiight but she is what she is and he is what he is. He dont want her on the show because all types of HOES will get on Jackie Christie's daughter's bandwagon and out that manwhore for fucking them WHILE BEING WITH draya.
Draya you need to keep working. You show know by now, you can't take an athlete's word nowadays. I understand your NOT that bright. However, this doesnt take a research project to figure it out! Keep your job!!!
Should...
Draya is MY girl! But hell, do NOT take this nigga up on his faulty ass word. Keep working, because between you and me, I bet he has another girlfriend on low anyways!
The only men that would want this Petri Dish with two legs are raggedy, immature, stuntin', pussy chasin' Negros. And that picture is disgusting. I bet they both got polluted pubes.
These are the lowest budget reality stars... And they All are low.
Draya is hated on because she's attractive and slim with titties, hips, and an ass. Your husband would fuck her, period.
LMMFAO @ 10:53! A PETRI DISH? GREAT DESCRIPTION of that poster child for the CDC.
@10:56, Draya is very pretty, I agree...but there are 10000001 pretty bitches out there with those exact same attributes.
And most aint drag nasty, slut buckets that that bird mouthed bitch. Really though...if that was YOUR DAUGHTER, how would her resume look to you? Please spare me about "other bitches have done more for less" comment. I aint talking about other bitches. I am asking if that was YOUR DAUGHTER and her "resume" was that of Draya's...would that make you proud? Just want a yes or a no. No need to follow up with a "but", "however", "although", lol.
I can't with these tired hoes right now.....
He makes somewhere between 4 and 5 mil a year and I think Jerruh Jones just tacked on 2 or 3 years to his deal right after we finished ruining another season. I think he got 5+ million guaranteed offa that. So he's doing alright and is signed with the squad through 2018 or 2019. That being said, anybody that knows how the NFL works knows that contracts aren't guaranteed, so it's imperative that ballers get as much signing bonus money and other incentive money as possible. I don't understand how a young brotha with plenty money and even more options opts for a notorious bird like Draya, but some negroes become just as starstruck as these females do. I remember the clip where he's with her on the local Cowboy's talkshow. She was talkin about marriage and he was acting like he didn't give a damn. Actions speak louder than words or non-verbals though - He been chiefin' her for a minute now. Good luck with that..
He probably wants her out of the WAGS circle so she won't find out about what he has going on in the background. The show is filthy and nothing to be proud of but I wouldn't quit my day job for a boyfriend.
Bee Gee shut the fuck up, damn. Draya is a bird, but Vanessa Bryant is a saint? Mark ass nigga.
Jian, THEY are obsessed with you. Lol.
Bee Gee, if a player got...lets say...50 million for 5 years with a 6 million signing bonus....ok...let's say said player gets hurt the FIRST REAL GAME of the season and is out all season. how much money does the player get that year? Just the signing bonus?
Realist, bitch please. Jian been going off on a tourette's syndrome diatribe about jews ALL MORNING and uplifting hoes ALL MORNING...yet folks are obsessed with that bird? #hoeplease
11:42, You're delusional and angry. Simmer down, young coon. Jian made ONE comment about liking Draya and gave reason for it. YOU are the one who attacked her when she wasn't even speaking to you or about you. She then brought up her Jewish heritage because YOU called her a tragic, dysfunctional mulatto. YOU started all of this mess because you're obsessed with Jian and you clearly need attention on this blog. Go find you a job or a man.
Guess she'll have to find another reason to ignore her son.
Realist, bitch sit back on your neck.
I didn't call her tragic or dysfunctional or a mulatto. That was not me and I didn't start shit. Jian is notorious for talking incoherent shit on this site and constantly bringing up jews owning everything. Before you talk shit, you quadrapedal walking bitch...know your facts.
Now you go learn to walk upright and learn to use your opposable thumbs to hold objects like writing utensils and not flinging shit like your ape brethern do, umkay?
Greaaaaaaaaaaaaat.
Damn! The comments are funny.....lol
@11:41am - Exactly. If the conditions of his contract don't protect him from being released, they can release him to free themselves from having to pay the contract. He gets his signing bonus and the boot. Seems kinda messed up, huh? I think situations like that is where the world of high-paid athletes meets the real world. A lotta NFL guys go through it too. Baseball has guaranteed contracts and no salary cap. From a pure money perspective, that's the sport you wanna be outstanding at if you can choose..
@11:33am - Get over it. Then get off my dick about Vanessa Bryant, bitch.
Bee Gee, you have one foot out of the door at work. I hope that Wiz of yours can uphold you with her job if she has one. Running up behind people and broadcasting their Internet queries is about to cost you.
Bee Gee said...
He tryna pay a hoe to be a housewife. O Skandrick ain't ever been too bright..
9:54 AM-
--------------------------------
LMAO! But he's bright enough to know to PAY her to get her off that show so they can stop making him look bad and stop revealing his heaux tendencies.
I bet you all his team mate is at his dumb ass. Silly Nigga tricks are definite for kids.
12:17 - Thanks for the prophecy. When I remote to a machine my software setup is set to ask for permission before I enter. If these cats don't care enough to even lower their screens so I don't see them browsing through female profiles when I come through, I'm just not gonna feel bad about mentioning it as part of the daily adventures of an system admin.
But if your prophecy should come true and my other foot should go out the door, I'ma find you and shove said foot into yo ass for bringing me bad luck :) Seriously, go drown with that bullshit, and get some help in the afterlife. Peace.
He will use her and toss her to the side when its all said and done. I hate men like that, too imature to take love and relationships seriously.
LOL @ 10:11 AM
"@9:49 Ever heard of Facebook? What kind of random and intrusive question is that for a public gossip site? Weird as hell...."
I didn't pay much thought to the question, until 10:11 snapped on it.
Jackie gave draya the lead and he knows it..draya gonna take that money and sit out season or so until she find another one then back to the show with a different dude
i'm sad i know either one of these folks names :(
He just doesn't want everyone to see that he's cheating and who the multiple girls are that he is cheating with which, could come out while filming. I have nothing, most of the other comments speaks volumes.
-Nic
@ bee gee . Exactly . I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed his body language ..
Here’s a resolution that might sound counter-intuitive: Ask for a favor.
Ask for help, for advice, for suggestions. Asking for a favor is a sign of intimacy and trust. It shows that you feel comfortable being indebted to someone. I remember a friend at work telling me, “I never liked that guy until he told me he needed to borrow $50 from me. Then I realized he must consider me a friend, and presto! I started liking him.”
Studies show that for happiness, providing support is just as important as getting support. By offering people a way to provide support, you generate good feelings in them.
So asking, and receiving, a favor generates good feelings on both sides.
Obviously, there are small favors and big favors. You don’t want to ask someone to take care of your dog while you’re on vacation unless that person is already a CLOSE friend. But asking for a recommendation for a good dentist isn’t burdensome..
Happiness paradoxes: it can be selfless to be selfish, and you can be generous by taking.
How about you? Have you had an experience where you asked for a favor — or were asked for a favor — and the favor ended up strengthening your relationship?
* A very interesting study suggests that once you’ve developed muscle, especially during your youth, your muscles can more easily return to previous fitness levels than if you were starting from scratch.
*Looking for a good book to read over the Labor Day holiday? Please consider The Happiness Project (can’t resist mentioning: #1 New York Times bestseller).
Order your copy.
Read sample chapters.
Watch the one-minute book video.
Listen to a sample of the audiobook.Fashion your most stylish self.
Culture, tips & hacks for every man.
Modern motherhood. Redefined.
Discover something delicious.
Shape a mindful, balanced life.
In a weekend filled with Golden Globe contenders, an unexpected newcomer arrived to snatch away the top spot away from the jaws of The Wolf of Wall Street. Let’s see where the rest of the awards...Raw Vegetable and Fruit Juice Shots for Health
- 05-09-2011, 02:33 PM
Raw Vegetable and Fruit Juice Shots for Health
What up guys?
Just wanted to share a video that I created, on the fly.
I've been doing vegetable and fruit juicing for several months now and I feel great...body feels good and mind is more focused and clear, calm.
Peace
YouTube - Raw Vegetable and Fruit Juice SHOTS to Fuel the Eternal Adventure!
- 05-09-2011, 02:51 PM
- Stats
- 5'11" 228 lbs.
- Join Date
- Aug 2009
- 4,144
- Rep Power
- 437807
- Level
- 52
- Lv. Percent
- 18.79%
-
why shot glasses? I throw a few ounces of berries, broccoli, carrot, spinach, etc. into a blender and drink it down. mixed with protein powder.
or wss this a joke? lolBODY PERFORMANCE SOLUTIONS REP
Sustain Alpha is back!
- 05-11-2011, 08:32 AM
- Stats
- 5'3" 156 lbs.
- Join Date
- Aug 2010
- Age
- 22
- 89
- Rep Power
- 103
- Level
- 8
- Lv. Percent
- 72.22%
Lol, nice video, subbed to your channel.
05-12-2011, 07:37 PM
Did it with the shot glasses for entertainment effects...having a little fun with it. A little encouragement to those who have struggled with drinking to put some good stuff in there instead...
05-12-2011, 07:39 PM
Thanks man, shoot me a message on the tube, so I know who you are.
Similar Forum Threads
Fruit + Vegetable JuicingBy ntornado in forum Nutrition / HealthReplies: 4Last Post: 05-10-2009, 11:59 AM
Fruit juice N Sugar?By Zero V in forum Nutrition / HealthReplies: 6Last Post: 12-31-2008, 07:34 PM
Fruit Juice PWOBy chainsaw in forum BulkingReplies: 19Last Post: 12-01-2008, 12:05 AMMojado
Definition of the noun Mojado
What does Mojado mean as a name of something?
noun
- [US, slang] wetback
Group
Mojado a.k.a. Grupo Mojado is a Latin Grammy award nominated group.
- read more about Grupo Mojado
Music
- "Mojado" is a written by Guatemalan singer-songwriter Ricardo Arjona for his tenth Studio album, Adentro. The song was released as the lead single off the album in Mexico, and as the third overall single of the album in 2006.
- "Mojado" is a 2005 single by Ricardo Arjona.
- released in (9 years ago)
- Mojado is a music video by Ricardo Arjona featuring Intocable.
- award: - Latin Grammy Award for Best Short Form Music Video nomination for Ricardo Arjona & Intocable
Film
"Mojado" is a 2011 short adventure drama film written by James McManus and Jorn Threlfall, and directed by Jorn Threlfall.
- countries: Mexico, United Kingdom, United States of America
- languages: Spanish Language, English Language
- producers: Agustin Munoz, Melinda Nugent, Jorn Threlfall
- executive producer: Melanie Backer
- written by Jim McManus & Jorn Threlfall
- starring:
- Tenoch Huerta as Raul
- Marianna Morales as Nena
- Fernanda Bentley as Nenita
- Katia Acevedo as Chiquis
- Jorge Robles as Ronco
- Martin Rojas as El Mapache
- Noe Hernandez as Paco
- Hansel Ramírez as Kaliman
- Claudia Arriaga as Andrea
- Dylan Sprayberry as Berry Boy
- Wendy Carter as Mother
- cinematography by Hector Ortega
- edited by Adam Rudd
- music by Raul Pacheco
- genres: Adventure Film, Mystery, Comedy, Drama
- released in (4 years ago)
Printed dictionaries and other books with definitions for Mojado
Click on a title to look inside that book (if available):
Musica Nortena (2009)
Mexican Americans Creating a Nation Between Nations by Cathy Ragland
For most assimilated and upwardly mobile Chicanos and Mexican Americans, mojado is a highly undesirable term; however , many ...
Dictionary of Chilean Slang (2010)
Your Key to Chilean Language and Culture by Emilio Rivano Fischer
llover sapos y culebras, llover sobre mojado; " quedémonos ...
Lexicon of geologic names of the United States for 1936-1960 (1966)
by Grace C. Keroher
Mojado Formation Lower Cretaceous : Southwestern New Mexico.
Dictionary of Technical Textile Terms (tri-lingual) (1920)
by Thomas F. Palmer
para cilindros Continuas дe anillos para torcer al mojado Trabajo al húmedo N aeе especial Color blanco Asiento (del husillo) Wellow or diablo Vellón batido Lana semt-lustrosa Peinadores de lana Cilindros de desmotarlor y extensión.
Multicultural America: An Encyclopedia of the Newest Americans [4 volumes] (2011)
An Encyclopedia of the Newest Americans by Ronald H. Bayor
to make the song “ Mojado” about the plight of undocumented immigrants who cross the U.S. border. The song became widely popular throughout the Americas. Another important form of ...
A Dictionary of English and Romance Languages Equivalent Proverbs (2001)
by Teodor Flonta
Abril fríoy mojado hinche el granero y harta el ganado. Abril fríohinche elsilo, ymojado, silo y campo. Abril frío, pan y vino. P. Abrilfrioe molhado enche o celeiro e farta o gado. Abril, cheio o covil. Abril frio, pão e vinho. 72 E. APRIL and May ...
Anti-Immigration in the United States: A Historical Encyclopedia [2 volumes] (2011)
A Historical Encyclopedia by Kathleen R. Arnold
In addition to these, there are a number of racialized labels that have been created and applied, both in English and Spanish, such as “beaner,” “cholo,” “ border bandit,” “chili choker,” “mojado,” and “wetback.” Due to the long list of labels, and ...
Online dictionaries and encyclopedias with entries for Mojado
Click on a label to prioritize search results according to that topic:
Photos about Mojado
Click on an item to view that photo:
Mojado
Photo credit: Daquella manera
Mojado
Gotas de gua
Mojado
Photo credit: Daquella manera
Mojado
Llueve sobre mojado...
Mojado
Photo credit: Daquella manera
Mojado
Modelo: Concha de la Rosa
Photo credit: Rafale Tovar
Perro mojado
Photo credit: El Guajache
Wet Floor / Suelo Mojado
Photo credit: pasotraspaso
Banco mojado
Photo credit: Daquella manera
Video about Mojado
Mojado Meaning
Video shows what mojado means. wetback. Mojado Meaning. How to pronounce, definition audio dictionary. How to say mojado. Powered by MaryTTS ...
See also the pronunciation examples of Mojado!
Scrabble value of M3O1J8A1D2O1
The value of this 6-letter word is 16 points, but it's not an accepted word in the Official Scrabble Players Dictionary.
Share this page
Go to the pronunciation of Mojado to learn how to say it correctly!This product is no longer available.
You can try these similar gifts instead.
Golden Days Flowers Basket
800florals.com
Hayrides, colorful foliage and crisp autumn air: this floral arrangement is a nod to all of the above with its fall-inspired florals and homey country basket perfect for a special gathering or just because.Research firm IBISWorld has an updated report on the pest control industry.
Research firm IBISWorld has an updated report on the pest control industry. The report noted that, “With increased income, businesses and consumers will be less likely to opt for cheaper household products from home and garden stores.”
IBISWorld provided the following excerpt.
The rise of bed bugs across the United States has left homeowners and business owners frustrated, but been a boon for the Pest Control industry, which experienced heightened demand for its services. During the five years to 2013, the industry is expected to grow at an annualized rate of 1.9% to record $11.1 billion in revenue, including an increase of 3.3% in 2013. While bed bugs were typically confined to hotels and some residences in the past, the creatures have begun to pop up in unlikely spots, including movie theaters, offices and even clothing stores. “The increased occurrence of these pests has led to substantial demand for pest exterminators and rising service prices,” according to IBISWorld Industry Analyst Stephen Morea. Furthermore, the more insecticide-resistant strain of bed bugs has driven operators to research product innovation to deliver solutions to homeowners and businesses. Heightened demand for bed bug extermination has also caused the number of industry companies to rise. In the five years to 2013, the number of industry enterprises is expected to increase at an annualized rate of 2.2% to 22,533 companies.
Rising demand and service prices have resulted in higher profit margins for pest control companies. “While profit margins declined slightly during the recession due to rising fuel expenses and price-based competition, heightened demand for industry services has favorably affected margins overall and allowed operators to pass on price increases to consumers,” says Morea.
Conditions are expected to further improve over the five years to 2018, with industry revenue forecast to increase. Increased business and consumer spending will drive demand for regular inspections for pests. Furthermore, with increased income, businesses and consumers will be less likely to opt for cheaper household products from home and garden stores. Instead, they will favor more effective and expensive professional exterminating treatments. Housing sales and residential construction are also expected to rise, further supporting demand for fumigation services. Increasing and changing pest populations across the United States will characterize the next five years for the Pest Control industry.
For more information, visit IBISWorld’s Pest Control in the US industry report.May 2010, Volume 40 Number 5, p 42 - 42 - 46
ALCOHOL AND ILLICIT drugs aren't the only drugs that teens abuseaccording to a recent survey, one in five teens abuses prescription medications. Over-the-counter (OTC) medication abuse is also high. Many teens think that these medications are "safe" because they're readily found in the home, legally available, and their parents are using them.1Substance use by teens can impair brain maturity and inhibit learning, thinking, and judgment.2 Along with the potential for addiction, teens don't understand the short- and long-term consequences of indulging in these dangerous substances. Besides addiction, abuse of prescription and OTC medications can lead to liver and kidney damage, seizures, withdrawal syndromes, respiratory depression, and death.Recognizing the signs and symptoms of substance abuse in teens is vital in getting them the treatment they need. Teens often feel invincible, and it's up to the adults around themparents and healthcare providersto help them understand the long-term ramifications of substance abuse. Knowing which drugs are most often misused by teens is the first step in recognizing abuse.Prescription medications commonly abused by teens include amphetamines, sedatives, barbiturates, and opioids (see Dangerous medications).3 The latest data show that the use of these medications for nonmedical reasons ranges from nearly 3% in eighth graders to about 15% in high school seniors.4Pseudoephedrine and dextromethorphan, drugs commonly found in OTC cold and cough medications, top the list of substances abused by teens.4 Pseudoephedrine can be made into methamphetamine, and dextromethorphan has opioid-like properties in high doses. A 2006 survey showed that 4% of eighth graders and 6% of high school seniors abuse OTC cold medicines that contain dextromethorphan.3 Even though these numbers seem small, dextromethorphan abuse has multiplied tenfold from 1999 to 2004.4Teens may take these readily available medications
Join NursingCenter on Social Media to find out the latest news and special offers
Connect with us on Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin and Google+
Copyright © 2015, Wolters Kluwer – Terms & Privacy – DisclaimerObama supporters come in all shapes and sizes, but none more socially powerful than the iconic Oprah Winfrey. Last week Oprah did a segment on Denmark, perhaps in a bid to pump up support for Obamacare.
The people of Denmark are said to have some of the highest numbers recorded in terms of citizen satisfaction polls, a fact that was central to the segment on ‘Oprah’. Medical care was a significant focus of the report. Denmark has instituted a universal healthcare system, similar to the myth of Obamacare currently being peddled. People in Denmark are happy and healthy, so national healthcare is obviously a good idea…right? Right?
Michael Moore touted French health care, British health care and Cuban health care as models of a society where everyone is healthy and therefore more productive. The proponents of Obama’s plan serve this notion every chance they get. There’s just one tiny problem…
Denmark has a population of around 5 million people, total. That’s HALF the size of LOS ANGELES. France, 61 million. Britain, 55 million. The United States has around 300 million, making the Denmark analogy a joke and the France/Britain example comparable to California, not our entire republic.
There’s a a pretty short list of healthcare models that present relevant case studies for those analyzing Obama’s proposal and it becomes immediately clear why they have not been mentioned by the Obama cheerleaders. The most pertinent historical example of a massive healthcare system would likely be the USSR at roughly 275 million patients, a talking point that doesn’t exactly help Obama’s case.
For a more realistic preview of what such a massive health care bureaucracy would resemble, just take a look at the excellent article by Yuri Maltsev, “What Soviet Medicine Teaches Us”. Someone might want to email the link to Oprah…
Latest posts by Bryce Shonka (see all)
- Rhode Island Rallying Resolve to Deny NDAA - June 6, 2012
- The Futility of Federal Office - May 8, 2012
- The Establishment Media Are Clueless About the Purpose of The Constitution - April 30, 2012
I take it you've never taken a statistics course. Hell, you probably can't even understand the word extrapolate. These smaller countries show us how it could be done, and done right. The scale can be changed. Moron.XLNT2 - specialist listed buillding builders and project managers - we have recently started a new listed building renovation in Lansdowne Crescent in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire.
It is a major renovation from top to bottom. You can keep up with its progress in this page with recent images being added.
If you have an extension project you're considering then let XLNT2 create a quote giving you access to our vast building/project management skills.
If you are looking for an experienced local builder/project management on a new build then give us a call.Monday
Sep012014
Andrea Johnson Design
Vancouver interior designer Andrea Johnson is all about style and comfort, chic and elegant spaces that are fresh and timeless. The first thing I thought of when I began looking through her portfolio is 'this is what sells houses'. Lovely.
Reader Comments (1)
The vignette with the white chair & fireplace is everything that 'charming' is meant to convey, in a modern way. The dark bulk of the couch makes that seating area a bit more anchored than most of the décor, which is all very delicate and pretty, while still looking useable. Very impressively expensive looking.The Saratoga blog
What’s happening around Saratoga.
Monthly Archive for October, 2011
Newcomers in view of the Saratoga Battlefield – updated
More on Luke Deikis and Cara Fraver here. From the Wall Street Journal, a story about the new owners of land across the Hudson River and in view of the Saratoga National Historic Park. After more than 230 years in Wright family hands, a farm that was “definitely hopping with spies and scouts and foragers,” […] [Read More]
The Great American Trailer Park Musical
This struck me as a nice break from the typical high brow we have in Saratoga: “The Great American Trailer Park Musical,” performed by the Local Actors Guild of Saratoga. “What happens when South Park meets Desperate Housewives & The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas you get: The Great American Trailer Park, the Musical, A […] [Read More]]
Tale revealed of a Spaniard in the American Civil War
Steel delivered to new Batcherville Bridge site
Enormous steel girders were delivered to the Batchellerville Bridge construction site this week. The first two of 96 girders necessary to build a new bridge across the Great Sacandaga Lake were delivered from High Steel in Lancaster, Penn. on Tuesday, according to Carol Breen, a spokeswoman for the state Department of Transportation. Each weighed […] [Read More]
New ‘Saratoga’ water
Show More
Recent Comments- Piercing
- Appointments
- Author/Book
- Consultations,
Thanks so much for the fabulous feedback! I'm thrilled to hear that you healed so well and that you're enjoying your piercing so much.
I wanted to let you know that I'll be visiting in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania next month in case you wanted to get something else pierced. Information is on my website here:
Thanks again for your great message!
Sincerely,
Elayne Angel, Author
The Piercing Bible--The Definitive Guide to Safe Body Piercing
Medical Liaison, Association of Professional Piercers
elayneangel@piercingbible.comAquarium & Pond: Siamese Fighting Fish
About this Lesson
- Type: Video Tutorial
- Length: 4:09
- Media: Video/mp4
- Use: Watch Online & Download
- Access Period: Unrestricted
- Download: MP4 (iPod compatible)
- Size: 18 MB
- Posted: 05/07/2009
In this lesson, Paul Talbot explains how to raise and maintain Siamese Fighters. This is a fish from Thailand that can be kept and bred even if space is limited... Watching these fish building a bubble nest is an amazing experience for the whole family!!
Fore more information on this DVD, please visit:
About this Author
- Paul Talbot & Brendan Jarvis
- 58 lessons
- Joined:
03/25:Altra Furniture Wexford Desk with Riser
This Wexford Desk with Riser by Altra is the perfect storage solution for any home or office!
The Wexford Desk is a stylish work space for any home office.
With its metal base and finish, you'll like doing work or paying the bills.
Theres a lot of great storage shelves in the riser for sorting and organizing your papers and office supplies. Riser has work in progress slots for paper organization. Sturdy metal construction. Assembly Required.
Materials: Metal, Particle Board and Laminate.
Dimensions: 23.5"L x 48"W x 35.6"H
Weight: 54.34 lbs
Altra Furniture Wexford Desk with Riser
858549p
Altra Furniture Wexford Desk with Riser
858558549p_manual 858549p_manual
Shopping Cart
XPOLICE have released this image of a person they are looking for after a wallet was stolen from a Keighley man
The wallet was taken from the victim at William Hill bookmakers in Leeds railway station last month.
The incident took place at about 8.10am on Tuesday, June 24, but police have been unable to find the thief and have now released the CCTV still.
PC Ian Connor said: “The victim, a 55-year-old man from Keighley, mistakenly left his wallet, which contained over £200 and a number of cash cards, in the bookmakers at the station.
“Realising his mistake he returned a short while later to discover it had been taken.
“Enquiries have been ongoing to identify the person responsible for the theft but to no avail. I am now appealing for anyone who recognises the man in this photo to come forward as I believe he will have key information which can assist this investigation.”
Call British Transport Police on 0800 40 50 40 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.Gunnar Nelson vs Driss El Bakara watch video >>
Gunnar Nelson vs Adam Slawinski watch video >>
Gunnar Nelson vs Iran Mascarenhas watch video >>
Gunnar Nelson vs Barry Mairs watch video >>
In his UFC debut, Gunnar Nelson looks to make a statement against UFC vet DaMarques Johnson. Watch Nelson battle Rick Story in the main event at UFC Fight Night Stockholm. >>Sun Microsystems Announces Significant Security Enhancements to Sun Java System Communications Suite
Enhanced Protocol and Regulatory Compliance Support Address Growing Concerns Over Industry Vulnerabilities
SAN FRANCISCO, RSA Conference, Booth 722, Feb. 14 / -- - Sun Microsystems, Inc. (NASDAQ?), today announced new security enhancements and industry alliances for the Sun Java System Communications Suite to help customers protect information assets, ensure end-user privacy, and facilitate regulatory compliance. Sun Java System Communications Suite, including Sun Java System Messaging Server, Sun Java System Calendar Server, and Sun Java System Instant Messaging, provides a scalable, flexible platform for deploying e-mail, calendaring, instant messaging and other advanced collaboration services securely and cost-effectively.
"Security is the top concern among both e-mail administrators and CxOs. Protecting enterprise communication from the risks inherent in today's online environment requires a comprehensive ecosystem including built-in security features as well as partnerships to fine-tune the solution in response to specific customer requirements. The ecosystem of Sun Java System Communications software enables customers to cost-effectively meet today's security challenges," Sara Radicati, President, The Radicati Group, Inc.
Security is also a top priority for Sun. In addition to the robust user authentication, authorization, session encryption, and message content filtering in the current product, new features further enhance the security of the products. Support for the S/MIME (Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) protocol in its Communications Express Web client now enables users of the Sun Java System Communications Suite to sign and encrypt messages, resulting in increased client-side security and stronger end-to-end security.
An enhanced Delegated Administration utility leverages capabilities of the Java System Access Manager for role-based administration. This enables service providers and IT departments to securely delegate the management of communication users hosted domains or subdomains when and where appropriate. Role-based administration enables companies to more cost-effectively manage their user communities with enhanced security.
"In order to meet the demanding security requirements of the university, as well the various medical institutes we are affiliated with, we require a secure and powerful IT infrastructure. The Sun Java System Messaging Server helps us meet this goal by providing USC with a secure messaging platform for delivering clean, safe content to our user communities. In addition, integration with Symantec's anti-virus products allows us to further secure our communications and also assists us in our efforts to reduce spam and prevent viruses across our network," said Chet Burgess, manager, enterprise collaboration services, Information Services Division at University of Southern California.
Protecting Against Spam and Viruses
As part of an ongoing effort to help customers combat viruses, Sun and Symantec have joined forces to provide an integrated solution that combines high performance message processing with consolidated protection. The integrated Symantec and Sun solution enables the Sun Java System Messaging Server to communicate directly with Symantec AntiVirus Scan Engine (SAVSE). Through this integration, e-mails that contain viruses can be immediately detected and removed from the messaging system before entering the end-user's inbox, significantly reducing the message handling processes and increasing system and end-user efficiency. Symantec SAVSE provides fast, scalable and reliable virus protection, optimized for speed and rapid deployment. Virus definitions and filtering engines are updated automatically with no interruption in virus scanning. Being able to deploy a powerful, highly scalable messaging system such as the Sun Java System Messaging Server, while simultaneously helping to protect users from unwanted spam and viruses, enables organizations to realize the full potential of their messaging and collaboration systems.
"Symantec's customers see protection against e-mail-borne viruses as a critical element of their security infrastructure," says Brad Kingsbury, vice president of product delivery at Symantec. "Through the integration of the Sun Java System Messaging Server with Symantec AntiVirus Scan Engine, Sun and Symantec enable customers to prevent the disruptions caused by e-mail-borne viruses, and avoid the costs associated with rectifying the damage they do."
Assistance With Regulatory Compliance
The Sun Java System Messaging Server now supports the NFS protocol, which enables integration with NFS-based solutions from Network Appliance, Inc. The tight, pre-tested integration between the Sun Java System Messaging Server and NetApp unified storage solutions allows enterprises to better store, secure, and manage e-mail communication. This helps customers to address growing regulatory and compliance requirements, while reducing business risks and improving information access. The Sun Java System Messaging Server combined with Network Appliance NetApp SnapLock Compliance and Enterprise software helps customers manage the permanence, accuracy, integrity, and security of data by enabling e-mail communication to be both protected and rapidly accessible online for long periods of time.
"Increasing pressure from regulations such as Gramm-Leach-Bliley, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), and Sarbanes-Oxley is challenging customers to strike a fine balance between business requirements to ensure information is available anytime and anywhere at a low cost, while complying with the retention and privacy requirements imposed by these regulations," said Patrick Rogers, vice president, Partners and Alliances Marketing at Network Appliance, Inc. "Secure e-mail from Sun integrated with NetApp enterprise-class storage systems addresses the data retention, security, and privacy concerns of customers by providing a cost effective, highly scalable, easy-to-deploy and easy-to-manage solution."
To further assist with regulatory compliance, Sun has also teamed with MessageGate whose enterprise-class messaging compliance and security solutions help make it possible for enterprises to enforce corporate policies and comply with the latest laws that regulate corporate communications. By identifying and intercepting suspect messages before they are delivered, Sun, in conjunction with MessageGate's solution, permits the enterprise to protect its intellectual property, prevent violations of customer privacy, defend against violations of modern securities law, and keep the workplace friendly and efficient. Equipped with both Sun Java System Messaging Server and MessageGate compliance technologies, it is possible for customers to meet industry requirements without compromising the productivity and efficiency of corporate communications.
"The MessageGate solution was developed by compliance and information security professionals, said Bill Bunker, VP of Marketing and Business Development for MessageGate. "MessageGate's compliance and security solution is a perfect complement to the proven reliability and scalability of Sun Java System Messaging Server..About Lyman Frank Baum
Lyman Frank Baum is a published author. Some of the published credits of Lyman Frank Baum include Ozma of Oz, Mother Goose in Prose.To edit or update the above biography on Lyman Frank Baum, please Log In or Register.
Link to this page:
Published Works by Lyman Frank BaumClick a book's title or cover for more details and to read reviewsPart of health food chain. Stocks a range of vegan foods and compliments, including tempeh, tofu, mock meat, bread, nut milks, vegan chocolate, and more. more-less
No reviews yet. Write the first review!
- Link to this page from your site. Entry info.
- Return to Glen Waverley Vegetarian Restaurants & Health Food Store Listings
- Has Go Vita - Glen Waverley closed, shut down, moved, or changed? Please use the Update Form.v5.2.1 - at get, i need to save the file but with a different filename (2 posts)
- Started 7 years ago by iPerl
- Latest reply 7 years ago from Scott McGuire
iPerl Member
Scott McGuire Administrator
Hi,
No, we're sorry, Fetch 5 does not have that capability. It is something we'd like to bring back in a future version of Fetch; .htaccess files, as you point out, are a bit problematical when downloaded.
Have you considered using Fetch's Edit command?
The Edit command opens the file in a text editor and automatically saves the changes you make back to the server, so you never have to specify a download name for the file (or a new upload name). For more information about, please see the Edit topic in Fetch Help (or click the link here).
The Edit command only works with certain text editors, though, so it may not work with your preferred editor (the list of supported editors is in the help topic; several free editors are supported).
If the Edit command isn't what you want, it would be possible to set up an AppleScript that you could then choose from the Scripts menu, that would do a "Save As" of the selected text file in Fetch. Let us know if you would like help setting that up.
Thanks,
Scott McGuire
Fetch Softworks
- Page 1
i think in earlier versions of fetch (4.04?) i was able to 'download as' or something of the sorts... allowing me to download file.txt as file-xyz.txt... this was very convenient for me in the past.
it hadnt been an issue until i needed to download an .htaccess file... using fetch i 'get' the file and can only save it to my computer as '.htaccess', but when i go to open the file with a text editor the fetched file wont show in the 'open a file' dialog, (because of the . prepended) and my operating system won't show it in the folder where i downloaded it to, so i cant change the filename to something more temporarily usable like htaccess.txt...
as a workaround i 'look' at the .htaccess file with fetch, and cut and paste the code into an open text editor document. this gets to be tiresome. uploading htaccess.txt is easy because i can 'upload-as' with fetch... changing the name at 'put'-time to .htaccess. i just really wish i had the all-around convenience of being able to change the filename at 'get'-time too, like in earlier versions... how can i do this?
Posted 7 years ago #Links
Please write out short (one or at most two paragraph answers to each of the following):
1. What is inquiry based learning?
2. What is standards based education?
3. What are the National Science Education Content Standards for Physical Science for grades 5-8?
(Cite appropriate sources for this)(Hint: There are three such standards)
4. What is the astronomical object shown on the left hand column of my web pages?Greek Stuffed Bell Peppers and Tomatoes (Vegetarian)
This is a tasty low-calorie vegetarian stuffed peppers with a bit of Greek flavor.
seasoning, rice, mint, onions, oregano, parsley, tomato, +bell pepper, +black pepper, +water
Crawfish Creole Recipe
green pepper, green onion, onions, parsley, rice, seasoning, tomato, +bay leaf, +celery, +vegetable oil, +crawfish tail, +water - Similiar recipes
Chicken, Shrimp and Andouille Jambalaya
A Cajun classic, meal in one pot! Have the hot sauce ready to splash on. Serve with some crusty french bread, a nice crisp salad, and some of your favorite...
oregano, parsley, green pepper, green onion, rice, onions, tomato, +sausage, +chicken, +cayenne, +celery, +chicken broth, +thyme, +olive oil, +shrimp, +red pepper, +salt, +paprika
Sausage & Chicken Jambalaya
green pepper, onions, rice, tomato, green onion, parsley, oregano, +smoked sausage, +chicken, +jalapeno, +celery, +garlic, +thyme, +cayenne, +black pepper, +white pepper, +paprika, +onion powder, +garlic powder, +salt, +chili powder - Similiar recipes
Catfish Courtbouillon
green pepper, tomato, onions, mint, parsley, green onion, rice, +red pepper, +poblano pepper, +jalapeno, +garlic, +vegetable oil, +butter, +seafood stock, +red wine vinegar, +hot sauce, +salt, +black pepper, +lemon juice, +flour, +cornmeal, +catfish fillets
find.myrecipes.com - Similiar recipes
Chicken Jambalaya
lots of garden fresh veggies. A hearty one pot meal, great for entertaining friends
green onion, green pepper, seasoning, rice, onions, parsley, tomato, +bacon grease, +chicken, +chicken broth, +cumin, +flour, +garlic, +black pepper, +red pepper, +salt, +shrimp, +smoked sausage, +thyme, +yellow bell pepper
Knock-Out Chili
tomato, oregano, onions, rice, green onion, green pepper, parsley, +red kidney beans, +garlic, +california, +chili pepper, +tomato paste, +cumin, +paprika, +hot sauce, +red pepper, +jalapeno, +black pepper, +vegetable broth, +soy sauce
vegweb.com - Similiar recipes
Creole Beans And Rice Recipe
green pepper, onions, oregano, parsley, rice, green onion, tomato, +allspice, +brown sugar, +carrot, +cayenne, +celery, +cider vinegar, +cucumber, +dijon mustard, +garlic, +red kidney beans, +salt, +hot sauce, +tomato paste, +vegetable oil - Similiar recipes
Creole Beans and Rice
green onion, tomato, parsley, onions, green pepper, oregano, rice, +red kidney beans, +cayenne, +allspice, +cucumber, +vegetable oil, +cider vinegar, +hot sauce, +garlic, +celery, +carrot, +tomato paste, +brown sugar, +dijon mustard, +salt - Similiar recipes
Chicken, Ham, And Okra Gumbo
onions, green pepper, tomato, oregano, green onion, parsley, rice, +vegetable oil, +flour, +chicken, +black pepper, +butter, +sirloin steak, +garlic, +celery, +chicken broth, +worcestershire sauce, +bay leaf, +thyme, +allspice, +cloves, +okra, +file powder
recipe.aol.com - Similiar recipes
Can't find what you are looking for? Try our custom google recipe search:
Custom Search
Ingredient Informationseasoningmintgreen pepperriceoreganotomatoparsleyBig Red's Moto X may be preparing for the big camera update
Verizon looks to be joining the Moto X update party, if today's soak test invites mean what everyone thinks they mean. T-Mobile, Sprint and AT&T have updated their Moto X devices to a newer build that fixes a few bugs, enhances a few things, and most importantly makes the camera about a million times better and we've all been waiting to hear when it would hit Verizon.
With soak tests starting shortly, it shouldn't be too long — provided the testing goes well. Of course, there's always a chance that this is a different update, that may be better or more minor (we hate to call any update "worse") than what the other carriers have, but we seriously doubt it.
If you're a member of the Moto feedback network and are using a Verizon Moto X, be on the look out for an invitation of your own. If you're not a member, but have always wanted to be, click here to get the party started and join.
Thanks, anonymous folks who sent this in!
5790(forum posts)(191) O my ilah water us with
a rain that will rescue us, be to our health, be abounding in herbage,
be benificial to us not harmful [not destructive to pasture, etc.]
and in haste not delay.
(192) The above was a literal
translation. Dr. Mohammad Khaleel Harras said in his authentication
of Al-Kalim At-Tayyib that it means that the gates of the sky opened
with pouring showers.
Al-Albãni said it was of sound ascription and that it was
reported by Abu Dawood, and Al-Hãkim who said that it was
sound according to the conditions of both Al-Bukhãri and
Muslim. Al-Albãni included this hadeeth in The Authentic
of Good Sayings as #124I would like very much to learn more about the history of Caccuri in Calabria where my grandmother lived. I have found several websites about the town. The following website even lists books that have been written about the town and its history.
I would love to purchase copies of these books but I don't know how to do this. It has been frustrating.
I have tried contacting the email address listed on the above website but I received no reply.
I have also tried emailing the author of one of the books, Professor Marino, who has his own website, but he has been ill and is recovering from surgery. Since I don't know the Italian language, communication with Professor Marino was difficult and I'm not even sure he understood my request.
Does anyone have any ideas about how I might be able to purchase copies of any of these books?Last find out that his town has been overrun by monsters and other nasty creatures. You’ll take control of Glaston and attempt to blast the evil out of Hammer’s Peak one bullet at a time, and you’re going to have a lot of fun doing it. The combat system is easy to grasp and you’ll be able to take out your foes from a distance or up close depending on the situation. Your enemies are a sight to behold as is everything in the world of Bladeslinger because the game looks amazing. I haven’t played Bladeslinger for Android yet, but spent quite a bit of time with the iOS version when it was released in November of last year. If you’re new to the game you are truly in for a treat, and it’s one of those games you’ll want to show off to your friends. Just try not to get mad when they don’t want to give your phone back. If you’re ready to take on the evil in Hammer’s Peak you can head on over to Google Play and pick up Bladeslinger for $2.99.
BladeslingerOutTV, Canada’s digital specialty television channel catering to gay and lesbian people, has appointed former CHUM Ltd CEO Jay Switzer to its board of directors.
Switzer, often credited along with Moses Znaimer with turning CHUM’s CityTV into a successful national player in Canadian broadcasting, brings 20 years of experience to OutTV.
“I have close personal friendships with OutTV chair Joy MacPhail and CEO James Shavick,” says Switzer. “When they asked if I would help on the board I said I would be happy to.”
OutTV was launched as Pridevision in 2000 and marketed as the world’s first TV channel devoted exclusively to gay and lesbian audiences. It struggled to survive but today has earned a subscriber base of almost 500,000 viewers. The channel still faces several challenges, including recurring disputes with cable provider Shaw Communications, most recently over Shaw’s refusal to market OutTV equitably as per Canadian Radio-Television and Telecommunications Commission regulations.
“We have to develop much better relationships with our cable providers, I should say partners,” says OutTV chief operating officer Brad Danks. “Jay’s abilities on that side are well known. More importantly he’s been a tremendous programmer over the past number of years, which means understanding your consumer and building a program with your consumer in focus.”
Danks says growing OutTV’s advertising base is the next order of business.
“As far as other digital channels go I would say we’re behind them in number of subscribers but we actually have more viewers than most of them based on our Neilsons ratings,” he says. “Our advertising dollars for sure will more than double in the next year. The problem is we’re coming so far from behind to play catch up but we’re getting there.”
Danks says he hopes to expand audience appeal beyond the gay and lesbian markets while still presenting gay and lesbian content.
“We need to be inclusive enough to go beyond the basic community,” he says. “We’re already seeing a substantial rise in our straight female audience and that’s not a surprise, and probably where our growth will be in the long term.”
Pink Triangle Press president and executive director Ken Popert has also joined OutTV’s board of directors. Popert says OutTV’s gay and lesbian content can’t be found anywhere else on the television dial.
“In Canada it’s the only consistent source of stories about ourselves in our own voices,” he says. “Certainly we don’t get anything like that from CBC, although we should. Actually the need for OutTV is a reflection of that failure of the CBC.”
Pink Triangle Press, the not-for-profit company that publishes Xtra, owns a minority stake in OutTV.
Read a PDF of OutTV COO Brad Danks' recent blog entry, in which he speaks about Shaw Communications' treatment of OutTV and Prime Minister Stephen Harper's relationship with Shaw:
outtv.ca/TheShawIssue.pdf
OutTV files new complaint against ShawWith Instructables you can share what you make with the world and tap into an ever-growing community of creative experts.
share what you made with text, photos, video, and files
Create »
gather your favorite instructables together
easy decorative nunchucks made from just a bic pen and paperclips
supplies you will need: bic pen( other pens will take more work) 5 Paperclips Tools: scissors
just take all the innards out of the pen
just cut the pen in half and chain the paper clips together
shove the end paper clips into one end of each bicpenhalf . the you're done
We have a be nice comment policy. Please be positive and constructive.
11 favorites
License:
Bic Pen-Chucksby Rye2121
ninja kit 2.0by pieman12
Mini Bic ben grapeling hookby piroboy94
How to make easy nun chucks.by bbgun_sniper
BIC pen gunby EPL
bic ink cartridge gunby Capt. Kidd
bullet shell penby amakerguy
Bic pen bow & arrowby postapoc
ExtrasBox#1by SpareParts
Altoids Smalls blowgun by CSI.Once you're done with that get one of the parts that you use to push the led out of a mechanical pencil and put it in the pen tube.
3.Now you just tape a rubber band to the pen tube,stick it on the eraser.Accused.
In the six years since the Morris County Prosecutor's Office first announced it would seek the death penalty, Jimenez had never been offered a plea deal to avoid a capital murder trial. But last week, Robert A. Bianchi, the county's new prosecutor, said he was open to negotiations with the defense team.
Jimenez is accused of beating third grader Walter Contreras Valenzuela to death with a gardening tool on May 20, 2001, to keep him from telling anyone Jimenez tried to have sex with him. The child's body was found two days later, and Jimenez was arrested June 7, 2001, after DNA linked him to the murder.
The defense team has argued Jimenez is mentally retarded, and therefore not eligible for the death penalty. Meanwhile, the Legislature is expected to vote next month to abolish the death penalty and replace it with life in prison without parole.7D vs 50D for HS Football at night?
I need some advice on my upgrade path for shooting my son’s Varsity football this coming season (his last one!). I currently have a 550D, a Tamron 18-270, a broken Canon 50 1.4 and the 18-55 kit lens as well as a monopod. Last season, at times I was able to borrow my brothers 70-200L 2.8 IS along with the 1.4x extender. So far the 550D and the 18-270 has met my needs in every way except for shooting football at night.
Access to my brother’s lens was spotty and I think my first upgrade for next season would be my own copy of a non-is 70-200 2.8. I could probably have better access to the 1.4x because he does not use it much.
So the question is; should I buy a 50D and plant the 70-200 on it with the monopod, then use a different lens (get the 50 1.4 fixed?) on the 550D as a close up camera? Or sell the 550D to help fund the price of a 7D?
I can see the pluses of a second body as well as the added expense and upkeep, not to mention having to juggle two different types of memory. With the 7D I get better fps and a one-camera solution. With the 50D, I spend less money and still have the 550D.
I guess another thought would be to settle for a Sigma or Tamron 70-200 2.8 and use the extra funds for the 7D.
I had been hoping for a 7D MkII to come out and drive down the cost of a 7D but it does not look like that is going to happen before August.
Of course the budget is limited but I really want to get good shots this season.
Any advice to help me make the best “bang for my buck” decision would be greatly appreciated!
Thanks!
BradFORT WORTH, Texas (AP) -- Police say four Texas Christian University football players are among 17 students who have been arrested in a campus drug bust.
TCU Police Chief Steve McGee said the students arrested Wednesday were caught in an undercover operation selling marijuana, cocaine, ecstasy and prescription drugs.
He did not immediately identify those arrested but says their names will be released later in the day.
McGee says the six-month investigation was prompted by complaints from students, parents and others.
School chancellor Victor Boschini calls the students' actions "simply unacceptable."
Officials say all 17 students have been taken off the 9,500-hundred student school's Fort Worth campus.
The Horned Frogs are set to join the Big 12 later this year in a move expected to be a boon for their athletic program.
sign out Welcome,
(edit)|
Join Now!
|
Subscribe
|
E-Edition
May 22, 2015
5:32
Editorial »
Editorial: Congress agrees on human trafficking bill
When the score is 519-3 in Congress, there is a reason. That was the score - or more accurately, the vote total - combined in the House and Senate for the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015, a bill spearheaded by U.S. Sen.
Editorial »
Editorial: Potter County has room for improvement
Voting while buying a doughnut or shopping for groceries at the market? As far as...
Editorial »
Editorial: Endangered Species Act needs transparency
On the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service website (ecos.fws.gov), there is quite a lengthy list of endangered species. For example, in the United States, there are 36 types of snails listed as endangered.
Editorial »
In with the new - for City Council
Got change? Amarillo City Council does - starting today. The May 9 city election was a message from voters that some things need to change in city government - and the almost 16,000 who voted will see the first signs of that change today.
Editorial »
Monday briefing for May 18, 2015
Play ball Evidently, there are things home school advocates like about public education - athletics.
Editorial »
Editorial: Did AEDC get the message?
Almost 16,000 people voted in the May 9 Amarillo city election, which is a good turnout by Amarillo standards. Two incumbents were booted from Amarillo City Council, which does not happen often in these parts.
Editorial »
Saturday Short List for May 16, 2015
A little bit about a lot from the desk of AGN director of commentary Dave Henry...
Editorial »
Editorial: Play ball with Pete Rose
For Pete's sake, maybe it is time Major League Baseball played ball with Pete Rose. Baseball needs to take a long, hard look at the all-time hits leader and his lifetime banishment for gambling - literally - on the national pastime.
Editorial »
Editorial: Obama should skip advice for media
It seems the president is not exactly a big fan of Fox News - no big shock. The president, as is every other viewer, is free to pick up the TV remote and change the channel.
Editorial »
Editorial: Test pattern doesn't make the grade
A pair of bills in the Texas Legislature related to public education and spearheaded by state Sen. Kel Seliger, R-Amarillo, are interesting. Here's why -- the difference in perception of government-mandated student testing.
Editorial »
Letter: If guilty, Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl deserves firing squad
Regarding the editorial (Editorial: Bergdahl is just another soldier, May 9, amarillo.com), I understand the Amarillo Globe-News viewpoint and U.S. Rep. (Mac) Thornberry’s view about Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl and his trial under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
Editorial »
Editorial: Gay marriage backers need history lesson
The Texas House of Representatives is scheduled take up HB 4105 today - and "the sky is falling" headlines started last week.
Editorial »
Monday Briefing for May 11, 2015
Pitts digs a hole Talk about buying into stereotypes. Syndicated columnist Leonard Pitts Jr., whose latest column appears on this page, lumps all Republicans into the same category - a judgmental trait Pitts criticizes in others.
Editorial »
Editorial: Amarillo loses a founding father
In a way, Amarillo lost one of its founding fathers Friday. Officially, Dr. Winfred Moore was not around during the founding of Amarillo. But make no mistake about it, Moore was significantly responsible for creating Amarillo as it is today.
Editorial »
Editorial: Bergdahl is just another soldier
Most Americans know who Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl is, not that it matters when it comes to justice and fairness. Bergdahl is the famous (or is it infamous?) U.S.
Editorial »
Saturday Short List for May 9, 2015
A little bit about a lot from the desk of AGN Media Director of Commentary Dave Henry ■ Amarillo Globe-News endorsements: Today is the day - Election Day. There are 16 candidates running for five spots on Amarillo City Council.
Editorial »
Editorial: Not all Republicans are buying the invasion of Texas
If there is anything positive to come out of the controversy surrounding "Operation Jade Helm 15" (this is not a movie but a U.S. military training exercise) it is that Republicans do not always agree with each other. Gov.
Editorial »
Editorial: Will the numbers add up for Amarillo?
Maybe - just maybe - Amarillo's well-earned tradition of voter apathy will change come Saturday. As of Tuesday, early voting for Saturday's citywide election is done.
Editorial »
Editorial: Truth should also matter
Near the end of a program he presented Monday at Amarillo Downtown Kiwanis, Potter County Sheriff Brian Thomas allowed a short question-and-answer session. However, Thomas figured he would go ahead and address a question he figured would be asked.
Editorial »
Editorial: An early start for Amarillo's future
Through Friday, more than 4,700 people in Potter and Randall counties had voted (thanks to early voting) for the May 9 city election in Amarillo. Early voting ends today.
Editorial »
Editorial: Monday Briefing for May 4, 2015
Hot stuff Here's a pat on the back to Craig Gualtiere, owner of Amarillo's Roasters Coffee and Tea Co. Gualtiere, a former Randall County commissioner, offered free cups of java this past week to people voting early in the upcoming May 9 election.
Editorial »
Editorial: Myth vs. reality - and the Amarillo MPEV
In the current election season, there seems to be as much myth in the campaign dialogue as there is fact about the Amarillo Multi-Purpose Event Venue to be built downtown.
Editorial »
Saturday Short List for May 2, 2015
A little bit about a lot from the desk of AGN Media Director of Commentary Dave Henry...
Editorial »
Editorial: How about a 'hero father'?
If you haven’t seen it by now, where have you been? The video of Toya Graham...
Editorial »
Editorial: Amarillo teacher shows the way
Talk about being surreal and real at the same time. The president of the United States of America mentioned Palo Duro High School on Wednesday - thanks to the dedication and commitment of a teacher who has overcome the odds to reach her students.
Editorial »
Editorial: Vote to help Canyon ISD grow
For an extra $55 to just more than $79 a year, taxpayers in Canyon Independent School District can prepare the district for the future. This will be the yearly tax increase (from $55 to $79.
Editorial »
Editorial: Making the grade
Does it get any bigger than getting a pat on the back from the leader of the free world? We think not.
Editorial »
Editorial: Amarillo ISD needs leaders for its transition
There will be a new look to the Amarillo Independent School District Board of Trustees following the May 9 election - and three candidates are best-suited to lead this transition.
Editorial »
Editorial: Consider experience in Amarillo College election
Voters choosing four new members of the Amarillo College Board of Regents, including one for a two-year unexpired term, should consider an important factor in making their decision - experience.
Editorial »
Editorial: 10 years later, history repeating itself in city elections
Funny how history seems to repeat itself. Consider this excerpt from our editorial published on April 17, 2005: "Watershed elections aren't just about who's running. They're also about the decisions that voters must make." • Endorsements: Mayor | Place 1 | Place 2 | Place 3 | Place 4
Editorial »
AGN endorsements for city elections - Place 1
With the current council’s four-year track record, here are our recommendations...
Editorial »
AGN endorsements for city elections - Place 2
With the current council’s four-year track record, here are our recommendations for...
Editorial »
AGN endorsements for city elections - Place 3
With the current council’s four-year track record, here are our recommendations for...
Editorial »
AGN endorsements for city elections - Place 4
With the current council’s four-year track record, here are our recommendations for...
Editorial »
Saturday Short List for April 25, 2015
A little bit about a lot from the desk of AGN Media Director of Commentary Dave Henry...
Editorial »
AGN endorsements for city elections -Mayor
With the current council's four-year track record, here are our recommendations for Amarillo voters to consider:
Editorial »
Editorial: Smoking ban isn't needed
Legislation creating a statewide smoking ban in Texas has been smoldering in the Texas Senate Health and Human Services Committee since January. Let's hope it stays there - and gets extinguished.
Editorial »
Editorial: Want change? Vote starting Monday
This is a point we hope to hammer home in the next few days - change begins Monday. While there have been recent city elections in Amarillo with more candidates crowding the ballot, the upcoming May 9 election is unique.
Editorial »
Editorial: Best candidates might be outside
Canyon Independent School District earns a passing grade for the way it went about selecting its new superintendent.
Editorial »
Editorial: Truth is dead solid perfect
The Randall High School boys golf team will not win a state title this school year, but at least one member of the team has won something much more important - respect, integrity and dignity.
Editorial »
Editorial: Monday briefing for April 20, 2015
Target practice Considering some of the absurd comments from those opposed to the...
Editorial »
Editorial: Thoughts for Amarillo voters as they head to polls
Editor's note: The Amarillo Globe-News originally published today's editorial in June. The editorial was related to the controversy surrounding what was formerly known as the city of Amarillo's Animal Control Department.
Editorial »
Editorial: Timing of mayor's public input plan is sketchy
Mayor Paul Harpole said the first of what he is touting as a series of town hall meetings this past Tuesday was not related to the May 9 election. In other words, it was not a lame campaign ploy. Whatever.
Editorial »
Saturday Short List for April 18, 2015
A little bit about a lot from the desk of AGN Media Director of Commentary Dave Henry ■ History lesson: Loved the column in the Amarillo Globe-News on Wednesday by syndicated columnist Walter Williams ().
Editorial »
Editorial: Protect justice
It is ironic how some opponents of capital punishment (probably a small but active number) resort to violent threats against those who legally supply the drugs used to carry out the ultimate form of punishment in Texas - the death penalty.
Editorial »
Editorial: Drug bill passes test
If you buy into stereotypes, then those cold-hearted Republicans from West Texas are at it again. However, if you buy into fairness, logic and responsibility (if not health), then a Republican from West Texas is doing what needs to be done.
Editorial »
Editorial: Tax Day hurts the pocketbook
Guess what day it is? Like the camel in the now famous commercial so proudly proclaims - Yes, it is Hump Day. However, it is highly unlikely even calendar-savvy camels are happy today.
Editorial »
Editorial: Ballot box can't fix everything
The city of Amarillo has had two smoking bans on the ballot since 2005, and both attempts at a citywide smoking ban went down in flames - albeit by narrow margins.
Editorial »
Monday briefing for April 13, 2015
We weren't surprised to learn that red states have lower tax rates than blue states, and a recent report shows just how wide the difference is. WalletHub recently released a report called "2015's Best & Worst States to Be a Taxpayer.
Editorial »
Editorial: 'Non-disclosure' law needs to disappear
So you notice your neighbor has replaced the "For sale" sign in his front yard with a "Sold" sign, indicating your neighbor will soon be your former neighbor because he sold his house.
Profile
Online Rate Card
Subscribe
Local Business ListingsPBS Food has created this guide as suggested gifts ideas. We do not endorse any specific product listed here. We recommend comparison shopping and reading expert and customer reviews to make educated decisions.
What could be more romantic than sharing cooking lessons? Whether you are both new to the kitchen or seasoned pros looking for new skills, cooking together can be a fun exercise. Many professional culinary schools offer classes to the public.
Nothing sets the mood for a romantic dinner or date night at home better than a nice bottle of wine. Send the newlyweds in your world a shipment of wine from one of the many home delivery services or from your favorite local winery.
Image courtesy of Crate and Barrel
Its often said that its easier to cook for one or four than it is to cook for two. Well, we disagree, especially when you try this special pasta pot specifically designed to provide portions for two.
Pasta Pot For 2 at Crate and Barrel
Image courtesy of Amazon.com
Let’s face it: Chopping and mixing ingredients can get pretty tedious at times, especially for a more complicated recipe. Don’t let that be an excuse to avoid spending time together — a food processor will not only save them time and effort, it might keep them from ordering a pizza.
Cuisinart DLC-10S Pro Classic 7-Cup Food Processor at Amazon.com
Money is tough for many couples. So help your favorite couple save some money on movies. Combine an old-fashioned popcorn maker with a subscription to a digital movie service like Netflix or Amazon Prime Streaming.
Wabash Valley Farms 25008 Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper at Amazon.com
Author Sarah Copeland (who wrote this book as a newlywed herself) has designed a collection of recipes that are specifically designed for couples to share in the kitchen. What better way to start a life together than to start a life cooking together!
The Newlywed Cookbook: Fresh Ideas and Modern Recipes for Cooking With and for Each Other at Amazon.com
For many newlyweds, the wedding bells will be followed by not too long after by a baby carriage. Before that happens, help them take advantage of their freedom: give them a gift certificate to your favorite restaurant.
Your favorite couple will love coming home to the wonderful smells of a simmering pot roast when you get them a slow cooker. We recommend finding a model with a removable, dishwasher-safe insert that will make cleanup much easier.
Hamilton Beach Premiere Cookware 5-1/2-Quart Slow Cooker. Its a perfect way to combine the personalities of both newlyweds into a single cookie.
The Mason Jar Cookie CompanyI finally got around to creating my favorites Favorites (Favorites, Movies, Sports, News) and discovered that my 2 Joeys don't show these, only the default ones.
I found an old thread that copying from one to another was not possible, but is it now?
And if not, why not, as this seems that it should be easy? We can view the status on all sets and join them, we can pause and resume in another room, but do I have to actually re-enter all my custom Favorites from each Joey?'Show' Off
Stephen Colbert, the second-most-trusted man in fake news, is sitting in his office at The Daily Show With Jon Stewart. After covering the Democratic National Conventionwhere he trumped Barack Obama by declaring himself "the son of a turd miner, the grandson of a goat ball licker"he's happy to offer commentary on his digs. Pointing to artwork from one of his three children, he says, "That's the sad devil clown, who I guess is me." On his Lord of the Rings collectibles: "If we're working on a piece and someone suggests an idea, I go, 'Uh-huh, I like it. How do you feel, Cave Troll?'" Once the topic of decor is exhausted, Colbert turns his attention to The Dally Show's Democratic and GOP convention coverage, fabricating the news, and window washing.
Was there a motto for your coverage of the DNC?I have one motto for everything I doit's "Let's go get these bastards." It doesn't matter whether we're gonna go interview the head of the Klan or schoolchildren, I have to summon Geraldo Rivera for my character's persona.
What was your highlight?I don't think you get any better than "goat ball licker"not the joke, just not laughing [when delivering it]. We were shrieking, beating the desk during rehearsal. Jon said, "You're kidding yourself that you're gonna be able to get through this." I said, "Jon, If you hold it together, I'll hold it together." And then I knew halfway through, whatever dark thoughts about my childhood I had to summon up and later deal with, I wasn't gonna laugh.
You weren't quite that straight-faced during your infamous Prince Charles report.
Let's talk about you climbing over seats to wipe NBC's window for Tom Brokaw and Tim Russert.I'm looking up and it occurs to me that there are smudges on NBC's glass, and at that moment Brokaw sees me. I said, "Turn on the camera," and I jumped onto the backs of the seats, took out my handkerchief, and started cleaning. What you don't see is both of them reach into their pockets and start peeling off bills, and they're looking for a hole in the glass to get them through.
Any dream interviews you hope to snag at the Republican convention?The President would be nice. But I'm most curious about how the press is gonna handle it. When the press says "The message is so tightly controlled," the press is actually saying "We're not getting access." When they complain about how there's so little to talk about, it seems self-absorbed.
Do you think the Republicans will welcome you?I think we proved we were just as willing to mock the Democrats' message. I don't know what our access will be, but it wasn't good in 2000. I had to stay outside for the entire thing.
You'd think they'd want you inside. Kind of a keep-your-enemies-closer theory.If I were the Republicans, I would want us in there to give our cameras something to shoot, as opposed to having us outside making up things for our cameras to shoot.
Are you a Democrat?Listen, it's a secret ballot. Yeah, I'm a Democrat. I'm not asking anybody to vote for Democrats or Republicans. I say everyone should vote for both candidatesexcept me. Just let me vote for Kerry. Then we'll be fine.
© August 13, 2004 Entertainment WeeklyYou are here
How a Virtual Phone System Can Improve Your Business
You are a new startup company and need to portray a professional image from day one. With so many tasks to tackle at hand, choosing the right phone system may seem overwhelming. How do you know what's right for your new company? What will impress your customers and meet your needs? How much will a virtual phone system cost?
A virtual PBX phone system is most likely the right solution. The innovative system is a low-cost solution that grows with your business. It comes equipped with an automated attendant to take your calls and gives you the capability to add extensions at no cost as your company expands. The professional communications infrastructure needed to present a well-established company is available and simple to manage with VoiceNation's easy-to-use dashboard.
To find out more about virtual PBX and if the virtual phone system is right for you, please click here.
Sen. John Cornyn and challenger Rick Noriega have taken their political battle to the pages of the Houston Chronicle.
Noriega, a Democratic state representative from Houston, attacked Cornyn on May 25 for voting against an expansion to the GI Bill.
Cornyn responded on May 29 by providing reasons for voting against that version of the bill, and promoting his own update to the GI Bill, co-sponsored by Sen. John McCain.
First, here’s Cornyn’s op-ed. Then we’ll post Noriega’s.
*****
For a GI bill that fits our volunteer military’s needs
Increase benefits while recognizing service as career
By U.S. SEN. JOHN CORNYN
On Memorial Day, our nation pauses in respect for those who have paid the ultimate price defending the freedoms we hold dear. It is a solemn day of remembrance. Many public officials spend the day honoring the fallen and their families, as I did this year at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio.
So I was surprised that the Chronicle allowed a political opponent to use Memorial Day to launch a partisan attack over a legislative matter now pending in Washington (“Texas needs two senators who will back our veterans,” by state Rep. Rick Noriega, Outlook, May 28).
At issue is expanding the Montgomery GI Bill, which provides educational benefits to veterans. In January, President Bush asked that benefits be updated, to better serve the needs of our all-volunteer military. He specifically sought educational benefits that are more transferable to family members, to support their educational goals and increase troop retention.
The differences between two competing responses to President Bush’s call have not been adequately addressed. One bill, sponsored by Sen. James Webb, D-Va., views the military as a stepping-stone to another career. It focuses exclusively on those who have served and encourages them to leave.
The bill I support, co-sponsored by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., also substantially increases benefits for service — but recognizes the military as a career and concentrates on retaining the skilled and trained enlistees who are vital to an all-volunteer force.
The original GI bill was written in 1944 to ease transition back to civilian life for hundreds of thousands of veterans — many of whom were drafted — at a time when our military was demobilizing. Today, everyone who joins does so by choice, and our military needs more, not fewer, motivated and professional leaders in all ranks.
In today’s military, our personnel are often highly trained in electronics, nuclear power, mechanics, linguistics or force protection and special operations. Some recruits will choose to serve a single tour of duty and then move into civilian life. But our focus should be on finding ways to retain a healthy percentage of highly trained and skilled troops, to keep our forces the best in the world.
The McCain bill does exactly that. It increases educational benefits substantially for those who serve three years: It would provide some $58,000 in education benefits, more than 100 percent of the cost of a public four-year college education in Texas. Unlike the Webb bill, it allows benefits to be transferred to spouses and children, encouraging those who serve longer periods and help train others behind them. It also allows forgiveness of previously incurred student loans.
Both competing bills would increase benefits and assist in recruiting efforts. But the McCain bill would help in retaining volunteers, while the Webb bill would undercut that effort. The Congressional Budget Office estimates the Webb bill would cause a 16 percent reduction in re-enlistment rates, seriously depleting our trained forces and overtaxing further those who remain.
For a Texas senator, there are other considerations. Our state has dedicated resources to higher education, and both tuition and living costs are lower here. Additionally, the state’s Hazelwood program allows Texas veterans to attend Texas public universities virtually tuition-free.
The Webb bill penalizes states like Texas by granting substantially expanded benefits to residents of states with higher costs. In effect, our Texas taxpayers will be subsidizing states that do not support higher education as we do.
Maintaining an all-volunteer military in a prosperous country is not an easy task. The Defense Department is responsible for protecting our country and its citizens. Its leadership opposes the Webb bill as undermining its ability to fulfill its responsibility.
I am well-aware of the benefits of the GI Bill. My father returned from a German POW camp and used the bill to complete school even while he served 31 years in the Air Force. I understand we can never fully repay those who have served.
But, as Defense Secretary Robert Gates has noted, we need to strike a careful balance: “Any enhancement of the education benefit, whether used in service or after retirement, must serve to enhance recruiting and not undercut retention,” he wrote to Congress.
This is not about generosity to veterans. It is about providing educational benefits that meet the recruiting, retention and readjustment needs of our military, and those who have served.
As a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, not a day goes by when I don’t think about ways we can support our volunteer fighting men and women. We can best do so by making certain they have what they need to succeed in their mission.
We do not help them by launching partisan attacks at a time when we should be honoring those who have made the ultimate sacrifice on our behalf.
Cornyn, Texas’ junior U.S. senator, serves on the Senate Armed Services Committee, where he is the top Republican on the airland subcommittee. He is vice chairman of the Senate Republican Conference and the Senate Select Committee on Ethics.
*****
Texas needs two senators who will back our veterans
John Cornyn failed to stand up for our troops — I will
By STATE REP. RICK NORIEGA
Last Thursday, the U.S. Senate passed Sen. Jim Webb’s, D-Va., expanded version of the GI Bill, ensuring educational benefits for all service members, including activated National Guard and Reservists who serve at least three months of active duty after 9/11.
Called the bipartisan Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Act, this legislation is of vital necessity for the brave men and women who protect our nation every day, and I applaud the Senate’s decision to support the bill. I was able to attend the University of Houston largely due to the assistance of a scholarship provided by the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (ROTC), so I understand firsthand the importance of providing higher education funding for our troops. My experience with ROTC began my three-decade-long career of serving this country in our nation’s armed forces, and every moment of those years has been an honor and a privilege.
Today is Memorial Day, and I can think of no more fitting tribute to commemorate those who serve in the armed forces than the ratification of this new GI Bill.
As a veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan, I have seen countless acts of valor and heroism performed by our troops. They risk their lives for us daily, asking nothing in return but the benefits they have been promised. The Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Act was proposed by Sen. Webb as a means of protecting and increasing the educational benefits for those who have served in the military since Sept. 11, 2001. Like the GI Bill enacted after World War II, this 21st century GI Bill will ensure that our soldiers are able to pursue the American Dream for which they have put their lives on the line to defend.
One of the most important economic policies of the 20th century was the original GI Bill. That first bill has been credited with creating the modern middle class. With the educational benefits offered to them, millions of returning war veterans were able to become doctors, teachers, scientists, engineers, lawyers and artists. The Post- 9/11 Veterans Educational Act will restore benefits to what they once were, boost the economy for everyone and allow another generation of American soldiers to achieve their goals.
Today’s veterans deserve the same sort of benefit that World War II veterans enjoyed. It’s not only good for the troops and their families, it’s good for our nation as a whole, strengthening our economy and our military recruitment.
Unfortunately, my opponent, Sen. John Cornyn, failed to stand up for our troops..
Texas needs two senators fighting for our veterans and our families. It is reprehensible that Cornyn supports keeping our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan but refuses to provide for our soldiers once they return home. As a public servant, as a soldier and as a Texan, I am ashamed of Cornyn’s continued efforts to deny our troops the benefits they earned defending the United States.
Sen. Cornyn argues that financing higher education for veterans would encourage soldiers to leave the military to attend college. The notion that we should limit benefits to force our troops to stay in the military is morally repugnant. The knowledge I gained while attending college is instrumental in the work I do as a member of the Texas House of Representatives and as a lieutenant colonel in the Texas Army National Guard. I believe that higher education should be a reality for any American who wants it, and I am disheartened by Cornyn’s desire to deny this valuable right to the honorable men and women of the armed forces. A stronger GI Bill will help military recruitment, attracting America’s most capable and gifted volunteers to the military during a time when we need more troops than ever.
While we take today to honor the sacrifices made by the American soldiers who put their lives on the line to protect this nation, let us not forget their dedication and sacrifice every day of the year. Our armed forces deserve our support while they are in service to America and after they return home.
We call these young men and women the “next greatest generation,” and given the opportunity to represent Texas in the U.S. Senate, I will do everything in my power to make sure they are treated that way.
Noriega, a Democrat who has represented his eastside Houston district in the Texas House since 1999, is running for the U.S. Senate seat held by John Cornyn.
VOTERS leadership support will continue to increase (Sen)RICK NORIEGA as or new federal Senate political winner an USA war heroe to move forward in the future.
(sen.)John Cornyn has fail leadership for US to improve eductional funds, neutrual and water resources, health care, transportation funds
and failed oil trade products relationship with Western countries(PEMEX). J.Cornyn fail to help Texas improve.
For this I am grateful:
After WWII I attended college on the GI Bill. I joined the inactive reserve while in college. Shortly after receiving a degree I was called to active duty during the Korean Conflict because of a ‘critical skill.’ That duty extended my GI Bill benefits, thus enabling the purchase of a house with no down payment.
An aside, an educated population benefits all.
John Cornyn has been diligent in providing the needed leadership for our state. Cheap shots from a Houston candidate shows the typical democratic need to create smoke screens, gridlock and conflict.In appreciation of the Bard, recorded
Photo by Debra DiPaoloWHEN RICHARD FOOS, OWNER-PRESIDENT OF RHINO Records, and Rhino A&R V.P. Gary Stewart conceived the idea of producing a boxed Shakespeare anthology, they needed someone to helm the project. Ideally, it would be someone with a passion for Shakespeare, and the knowledge and expertise to shepherd a large project through the works. Stewart immediately thought of his longtime friend Brenda Johnson-Grau. She had specialized in Shakespeare throughout her undergraduate and graduate studies at UCLA, and she had mentioned to Stewart her interest in doing a book about Shakespeare and pop culture.
Johnson-Grau was delighted with the assignment, and under her guidance, the lavish anthology (Be Thou Now Persuaded: Living in a Shakespearean World) has grown into the largest, most comprehensive and star-studded collection of Shakespearean performances ever assembled. The six-CD set includes more than 200 scenes and speeches, performed by the most distinguished Shakespearean actors of the century, from John Barrymore, Michael Redgrave, Orson Welles, Laurence Olivier and John Gielgud, to Paul Robeson, Richard Burton, Judith Anderson, Vanessa Redgrave and Jessica Tandy.
Johnson-Grau is an L.A. native who grew up in Whittier and is currently serving as book editor and designer in UCLA's Institute of Archaeology. When compiling the anthology, and finding criteria for choosing the material, it was obvious the collection had to contain the famous Shakespearean set pieces. But she also put in "odd bits that I like myself." Initially, the anthology was to consist of four CDs, each with its own theme: existence and humanity, love, hot blood (murder, anger and curses), and the supernatural -- which would also include death and sleep.
In order to choose the best possible performances, Johnson-Grau listened to every disc and tape she could get her hands on. "I was looking for performers who had excellent diction and vibrant, distinctive voices," she explains.
"I wanted to prove that when Shakespeare is well-performed, he's not nearly as difficult as people may say. And, wherever possible, I wanted to include a variety of performances. For instance, we have included four different actors playing Hamlet: John Barrymore, Paul Scofield, Richard Burton and Anton Lesser. I thought it would be fascinating to be able to compare modern Hamlets, and their soliloquies -- to hear how the actors think about the material, and how they prepared themselves. And we can hear an actress like Vanessa Redgrave in a variety of roles -- as Olivia, Rosalind and Ariel."
Johnson-Grau's hardest task was choosing the selections from the daunting, vast trove of Shakespeare's works. "It was difficult to find a balance, to assemble a series of texts that would both serve as an introduction to Shakespeare and give some idea of his enormous versatility and range. But it was a magnificent opportunity, too, to explore the texts and the many wonderful recordings."
Wonderful, indeed. The more time I spend with these CDs, the more of a treasure they seem. They include some long-unavailable recordings and almost every Shakespearean performer of note within living memory. Imagine Albert Finney and Claire Bloom as Romeo and Juliet, surprisingly persuasive in two discs devoted entirely to the Bard's most popular romantic tragedy. This compilation is a window to our heritage and, as they say in academia, a contribution to the)Joined: 04 September 2008
Posts: 13191
The following 100 member(s) liked the above post:
monu7, anitat53, MC4821, webkap, roma965, nash_mash, allysia, vandana.bandaru, shivnir, Jasmin81, Sejal_Desai, radhiis, coolx, niki_pn, shalininarang, neeru arora, vgkantu, asaharya, pragyakumar, baas-tv, sharmilaprasad, Bsank, sdavis, ReenaK, panpan, coolabb, hjarian, sanika1507, Humtum25, tin2000, sweetybahl, milweb, shiny3, pavneet, moni1975, nani, oceanbreeze11, Jerseygirl85, gigigigi, abcd89, sanjanasiri, ranmar, shantellbrown, aasaxena3, lovedeep06, dent4u, Neets, ekomas, Hridi, fifs, ajain73, MefromNJ, punirag, sushavvi, Anfal, viraf4u, dirk41, k-kimya, prefix3, pratts, viram, divra4, soni_md, krsh07, ronnie85, malickhabiba, --SKALOVE--, Ritu-, -MariaMars-, M_n_h, Butifuleyes, shadowstreet, Dilli4BALH, lalmadhu, huny.thebest, Chaudhrytm, A HUGE FAN, Gauri22, -Happy4Ever-, Pori, SriB, Annthew, -Khush-, adithya_sid, sahana747, samrudhi.r, _CandyCream_, Lumos, momo121, jakther7, maankigeet4ever, Angadzgirl, Roark, Juneli, nithyamkv, DJ.., niveditha, chatterbox, Mani-RK, -Swetha-,
Joined: 02 April 2010
Posts: 5737
Joined: 01 July 2009
Posts: 2873
Joined: 13 December 2010
Posts: 15688
The following 1 member(s) liked the above post:
Sandstone,
Joined: 04 September 2008
Posts: 13191
The following 1 member(s) liked the above post:
leo4ever,
Joined: 02 April 2010
Posts: 5737
The following 2 member(s) liked the above post:
M_n_h, Sandstone,
Joined: 06 November 2007
Posts: 1225
The following 1 member(s) liked the above post:
Sandstone,
Joined: 26 June 2012
Posts: 6712
The following 1 member(s) liked the above post:
Sandstone,
TellyBuzz brings you the time-machine of your favorite TV stars, which ...
Zing's popular show Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya 4 will bring back the hit jodi ...Review: The Bloody Birthright – Ken Dalton
Characters:
J. Pinkus “Pinky” Delmont – Defense Attorney
Benate “Bear” Zabarle – Part time Bartender/Investigator
Florence “Flo” Sonderlund – Bear’s girlfriend/Tech helper.
Willow Stone – Chief Deputy District Attorney
Synopsis:
One brother is murdered, a second is killed in an accident? The son of the murdered man is arrested and the evidence looks bad. That is when Pinky Delmont arrives on the scene, determined to prove the man’s innocence, but most of all, collect a large payment for his services.
Review
I loved these characters. Like the similar Stephanie Plum series, the characters are light hearted. The stories are serious, but the author manages to throw some light humor into the interractions of the various characters. You can visualize one character irritating another, or feeling impressed by their knowledge. The plot is strong enough to keep you interested, without being so complicated that you find yourself lost.
The mystery was fun, but Bear, Flo and Pinky were the highlights. I found myself at the end looking for their next adventure. In an unusual pattern for us, we will be reviewing all four of the books in this series over the next two weeks. So stop back by on Tuesday to see our review of the next book.
I’d definitely grab this if you like light mysteries. I’d rate it PG-13 for language and content. 5th, 2013 at 6:21 am
I like the storyline sounds like a read me book.- Registrars and Sellers
Domain registrar discussion. Discuss here or choose a company name forum.
GODADDY.com
GoDaddy.com - A Leader in Domain Registrars.
- Discussions:
- 663
GoDaddy discount codes robertsz, Apr 10, 2015
- Messages:
- 5,132
Fabulous.com
Fabulous.com - A Leader in Domain Registrars.
- Discussions:
- 100
How Long To Transfer Domains Out? Johnn, Apr 17, 2015
- Messages:
- 949
Moniker.com
Moniker.com - A Leader in Domain Registrars.
- Discussions:
- 311
Moniker Security Hole dodo1, Apr 28, 2015
- Messages:
- 3,979
Netsol.com
- Discussions:
- 22
Problem With Accessing My Account ! keep, Apr 24, 2015
- Messages:
- 158
Dotster.com
Dotster.com - A Leader in Domain Registrars.
- Discussions:
- 26
Are Dotster and EuroDNS related in any way ? crazyd, Jun 8, 2013
- Messages:
- 214
- Dynadot - Withdrawing Funds? icedude, Jul 24, 2014
- Enom Customer Support (remove Please) Biggie, Mar 26, 2015
Afternic.com
- Discussions:
- 69
- Messages:
- 522
Afternic...disappointed jaydub, Nov 1, 2014
Sedo
Discuss Sedo as a Domain seller.
- Discussions:
- 1,182
- Messages:
- 11,031
Sedo Is Not Accepting My Visa Cc angel69, Feb 24, 2015
Buydomains.com
- Discussions:
- 165
BuyDomains: This domain may be for sale Theo, Dec 7, 2013
- Messages:
- 1,903
NetEarth One
Domain Name RegistrarVanessa Hudgens & Miley Cyrus: Patriotic Pair!
Vanessa Hudgens and Miley Cyrus show their love for their country by wearing red, white, and blue on the Fourth of July!
“Stars & stripes! Had so much fun!!!” Vanessa wrote on her Facebook page. “im so proud of my patritotic nail art Hehehehe.”
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Vanessa Hudgens
Vanessa and her boyfriend Austin Butler attended an Independence Day party that evening, where they met up with her Spring Breakers co-star Ashley Benson, Sarah Hyland (with boyfriend Matt Prokop), and Desperate Housewives actor Shawn Pyfrom.
“Happy 4th ❤,” Miley wrote on her Twitter page along with her new profile pic!
HOW DID YOU SPEND your Fourth of July holiday?Jobs: third-party iPhone apps coming in Feb
updated 11:40 am EDT, Wed October 17, 2007
Jobs embraces iPhone apps
Apple boss Steve Jobs today offered his official blessing of third-party iPhone and iPod touch applications in an open letter to the public, and has promised to bring a software development kit (SDK) to interested developers by February of next year. The word comes after numerous hackers leaped at the chance to run their own software on the cellular handset following its launch in late June. Some hackers simply created 'jailbreak' methods to gain read and write access to the filesystem of the iPhone, while others took their efforts to another level by unlocking the device and enabling it to work with cellular carriers other than Apple's exclusive partner -- AT&T. [updated]
"Let me just say it: We want native third party applications on the iPhone, and we plan to have an SDK in developers' hands in February," Jobs wrote in his most recent open letter.  CEO says the SDK's planned release in February is a result of the company's aspiration to provide an advanced and open platform to developers while also protecting iPhone users from viruses, malware, and privacy attacks.
"This is no easy task," Jobs."
The executive points to Nokia as an example of current anti-virus concerns on mobile phones, citing the fact that Nokia is not allowing users to load any applications onto some of its," Jobs concluded.
Joined: Dec 1969
Can I gloat now?
Testudo, Is it ok for me to gloat now? I called this the day the first iPhone was hacked.itzzzzzzzz mineeeeeeeeee
Posts per Day: 0.39
Total Posts: 1125
You currently have zero playlists!
this guy may look small but he's a strong baldy
is it just me.... or Rukia is going to fight the pwetty tiger
dish ish meez!!! :]
thish ish mah other account pplz add it. k?
-stare- :>
these ppl are my friends. sum r close... sum r rlly close. and sum r just in mah space.... naw jk these ppl r awesome... sooo r mah other friends but imma too lazeh
sweet mother of-
PEARL
im the better avatar.
no i am
scroll down!!! =D
keep going
almost there
..... what did u expect.... 50000 gold....... thnx for actually scrolling down here. cooment if u did!!!
ahhh pikachu.... the cutest species in pokemon history.. scratch that. THE WORLD!!!!
my current craving. get me one!!! >:3
allies pm me to become one!!
opponent
i signed up for the free pancakes
my "yu gi oh cards"
View All CommentsElephant and the Dragon: The Rise of India and China and What It Means for All of Us
By Robyn Meredith
Not since the US rose to prominence a century ago have we seen such tectonic shifts in global power; but India and China are vastly different nations. This text tells how these two nations have spurred a new 'gold rush' and what this will mean for the rest of the world.
SHARE THIS
eBook
Your price: $16.95/ea
Your price: $16.95/ea
Interested in eBooks? — Please read our brief introduction before purchasing.Morning Cup Of JoeOctober 29th, 2013
Start your day with the Morning Cup of Joe from HootersCalendar.com. And don’t forget to visit HootersCalendar.com for amazing videos, pictures and cool gifts. It’s Joe’s second favorite website.
Bucs news forthcoming.
You have to have some stones to tie up a live 12-foot long gator to a tree. [Tampa Bay Times]
Joe’s kind of guy: Man runs into burning home to save beer. [ABC Local]
Scoundrel that stole $3 million from Dwight Freeney is now behind bars. [Los Angeles Times]
Residents of New Jersey are found to be “uninhibited and temperamental.” [NJ]
#54 of the GERWECK.NET HOT 100 Women of Wrestling
Jun 29, 2012 - by Steve Gerweck
TNA Knockout Angelina Love comes in at #54 on the Hot 100 women of wrestling list. The buxom blonde beauty is a record-setting five-time TNA Women’s Knockout Champion and a former a one-time TNA Knockouts Tag Team Champion with Winter. Many might have forgotten that WWE had first dibs on her, prior to releasing her from their WWE developmental roster.
Wowy. Expected her to be higher up on the list. I’m ok with it
Ugh. This girl is gross! How SoCal Val is lower on the list puzzles me.
I love her! Better than almost all the knockouts, and looks great. She should be at least 30 spots higher!
she looked better when she was thicker now she is hungry.
It’s Skeletor!
F*ck all you Angelina Love Haters. I loved watching her in TNA. Then they shackled her to that ugly, talentless hag Winter in that moronic mind-control storyline and her career never recovered from it. She was pushed even further aside when they brought back that money grubbing bitch Gail Kim then gave the Knockouts tag titles to the 2 biggest clowns on the roster–one of whom was Eric Young. Angelina’s departure from TNA is a tragic loss. She had the most title reigns and her role in the Beautiful People brought even more attention the the Knockout’s division. She was the 3rd greatest Knockout next to Mickie James and Tara. So sad how those 2 idiots Hogan & Bischoff neglected her. Good bye Angelina. You’ll be missed. :`(Sony Mobile to Cut 1,000 Jobs
Sony Corp. said Thursday it plans to cut some 15 percent of its mobile phone business’s workforce, or about 1,000 jobs, to reduce costs and accelerate its push into the growing smartphone market.
The job cut comes after Sony took full control of its mobile phone joint venture with Sweden’s Telefon AB L.M. Ericsson earlier this year.
Read the rest of this post on the original site »SDPlus Real S26 Cashmere Cactus (Any)
Store Price:
Not available in stores
Store Sellback Value: 20,000 gold
Lowest Buy Now Price: 195,000,000 gold
Average Buy Price:
178,556,000 gold
+
15%
A tiny space-saving version of Gaia's grotesquely obese writer. Cashmere Cactus is perhaps most famous for penning manga scripts and giving himself sponge baths in his cubicle.
Tags: sdplus real s26 cashmere cactus premiumci premiumsdPonzi Scheme in the Hill Stole Millions from Elderly Victims
Two, stole their customers' real estate, stocks, and life insurance annuities and used them to pay for their business or for personal items, according to the U.S. Attorney's office. They also used the money to pay off old customers who falsely believed they were seeing returns on their investments.
See also: St. Louis Funeral Scam: Father, Son Plead Guilty In $600 Million Ponzi Scheme
Palmer and Driver, who ran Princeton Partnership LLC at Marconi Street and Daggett Avenue -- face four felony charges of mail and wire fraud, each of which carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and/or fines up to $250,000.
Here's how the scheme worked:
- In 2004, Palmer convinced a family who had received money from the death of an elderly aunt to transfer some or all of that money to Princeton Partnership.
- In 2005, Palmer took money from an elderly woman and her family by saying he would invest her money into a real estate investment for her benefit.
- From 2006 to 2010, Palmer convinced two elderly sisters to transfer their investment funds over to Princeton so he could make investments with the money. The sisters transferred that money and control of their stock holdings. Palmer and Driver sold and liquidated the stocks and spent the money on themselves and their business. Later, they also convinced one sister to liquidate a life insurance policy and give the money to Princeton Partnership.
- In 2006, Driver convinced an elderly woman to invest her privately held funds in four life insurance annuities through Princeton Partnership. A few years later, he told her to liquidate three of them and give the money to Driver under the false representation that he would invest it to her benefit.
- From 2007 to 2009, Driver took investment funds and control of stock from an elderly woman.
Palmer and Driver will be sentenced in September. The FBI, the Postal Inspection Service and the Missouri Secretary of State's Office investigated the case.
Follow Lindsay Toler on Twitter at @StLouisLindsay. E-mail the author at Lindsay.Toler@RiverfrontTimes.com.
Sponsor Content
For more than a century GE scientists have been creating innovations that deliver more efficiency at a lower cost.
Read more
ENERGY STAR qualified bulbs are the same or better than standard bulbs, only they use less energy.
Read more
Join GE Lighting's team of enthusiastic professionals, where you can expect:
Learn how GE Lighting can improve your bottom line. See what you can expect from your free lighting audit.
Schedule a FREE Lighting Energy Audit![ Delicious Curry Dishes
Published May 02, 2011
Provided By
RATE
Currently 3/5 Stars.
1
2
3
4
5
Print
Curried Chicken with Sweet Potatoes Cauliflower
Curried Corn & Crab Cakes
Baked Curried Brown Rice & Lentil Pilaf
Thai Red Curry Mussels
Curried Waldorf Salad
Ginger, Split Pea & Vegetable Curry
Curry-Roasted Shrimp with Oranges
TOOLS:
ALSO SEE
7 Asian Recipes to Savor
7 Antioxidant-Rich Recipes
7 High-Fiber Recipes
7 Tasty Immunity-Boosting Recipes
7 Recipes for Strong Bones
When you think of curry you probably imagine strong, spicy dishes of India and Thailand. But there’s more to this tasty dish than meets the eye. Studies show that turmeric, curry’s main ingredient, could prevent Alzheimer’s disease, inflamed joints and even cancer. Get cookin’ with these 7 curry recipes…
Curried Chicken with Sweet Potatoes & Cauliflower.
Serves: 4
Preparation time: 5-1/2 hours
Ingredients
3
Preparation
Per serving:
473 calories
26 g fat (6 g sat, 11 g mono)
154 mg cholesterol
34 g carbohydrate
52 g protein
7 g fiber
655 mg sodium
1183 mg potassium
Nutrition Bonus:
fiber (30% Daily Value), vitamin A (440% DV), vitamin C (110% DV), iron (20% DV), folate (2% DV)
Curried Corn & Crab Cakes.
Serves: 4
Preparation time: 45 minutes
Ingredients
5 teaspoons canola oil, divided
1 cup fresh corn kernels, (from 2 ears)
1 cup fine dry unseasoned breadcrumbs, divided
Lime wedges
Preparation..
4..
5. Bake the crab cakes until golden on the second side and heated through, 15-20 minutes. Serve with lime wedges.
Enjoy!
Nutrition Facts
Per serving:
343 calories
14 g fat (2 g sat, 5 g mono)
72 mg cholesterol
29 g carbohydrate
26 g protein
3 g fiber
784 mg sodium
631 mg potassium
Nutrition Bonus
: zinc (33% Daily Value), vitamin C (22% DV), magnesium (20% DV), potassium (18% DV)
.
Serves: 4
Preparation time: 1 hour
Ingredients
1 tablespoon butter
1 cup brown basmati or brown jasmine rice
4-1/4 cups water
1 cup brown lentils
4 cloves garlic, peeled
1 cinnamon stick
4-1/8-inch-thick slices peeled fresh ginger
1-2 teaspoons red curry paste, or 1 tablespoon curry powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 scallions, trimmed and sliced
Preparation
1. Place rack in lower third of oven; preheat to 350°F.
2. Melt butter over medium-high heat in a large ovenproof Dutch oven; add rice and cook, stirring, until lightly toasted, about 1-1/2 minutes. (If using curry powder, add it now and cook, stirring, until fragrant, about 15 seconds.) Add water. Stir in lentils, garlic cloves, cinnamon stick, ginger, curry paste, if using, and salt; bring to a boil, stirring to dissolve the curry paste.
3. Cover the pot tightly with a lid or foil. Transfer to the oven and bake until the rice and lentils are tender and all the water is absorbed, 50-55 minutes. Fluff with a fork, removing the cinnamon stick and ginger slices. Serve garnished with scallions.
Enjoy!
Nutrition Facts
Per 1-1/4 cup serving:
348 calories
5 g fat (2 g sat, 1 g mono)
8 mg cholesterol
62 g carbohydrate
16 g protein
13 g fiber
327 mg sodium
578 g potassium
Thai Red Curry Mussels
Preparation time: 40 minutes
Ingredients
2 teaspoons peanut oil, or canola oil
2 medium cloves garlic, minced
2 scallions, thinly sliced, whites and greens separated
Zest and juice of 1 lime
1-2 teaspoons Thai red curry paste
14-ounce can “lite” coconut milk
1 tablespoon brown sugar
2 teaspoons fish sauce,
4 pounds mussels, scrubbed and debearded
6
Per serving:
273 calories
13 g fat (6 g sat, 2 g mono)
48 mg cholesterol
16 g carbohydrate
24 g protein
1 g fiber
582 mg sodium
438 mg potassium
Nutrition Bonus:
selenium (108% Daily Value), vitamin A & vitamin C (60% DV), iron (35% DV), folate (19% DV), good source of omega-3s
Curried Waldorf Salad
The famous Waldorf Salad, full of apples, celery, raisins and walnuts, gets a healthful makeover in with a touch of golden curry. It has nearly twice the fiber of typical versions.
Serves: 6
Preparation time: 25 minutes
Preparation
1. Whisk yogurt, mayonnaise, curry powder, salt and cayenne in a medium bowl. Grate 2 teaspoons zest from the orange and add to the dressing..
Enjoy!
Nutrition Facts
Per serving:
136 calories
5 g fat (0 g sat, 0 g mono)
0 mg cholesterol
24 g carbohydrate
2 g protein
4 g fiber
134 mg sodium
222 mg potassium
Nutrition Bonus:
vitamin C (26% Daily Value)
Ginger, Split Pea & Vegetable Curry
Preparation time: 50 minutes
Ingredients
1 large russet or Yukon Gold potato, peeled, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1/2 cup yellow split peas, (chana dal)
1 cup cauliflower florets, (1-inch pieces)
1 cup green bean pieces, frozen or fresh (1-inch pieces)
1 small (8 ounces) eggplant, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 medium carrot, cut into 1/4-inch-thick slices
1 3/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1 tablespoon canola oil
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
4 large cloves garlic, cut into thin slivers
1-3 fresh green chiles, such as Thai or serrano chiles, stemmed and thinly sliced crosswise (don’t seed)
1 tablespoon cornstarch
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh cilantro
4 long thin slices fresh ginger, cut into matchsticks
Juice from 1 medium lime
1 teaspoon ghee, or butter (optional).
Enjoy!
Nutrition Facts)
Curry-Roasted Shrimp with Oranges
Shrimp, oranges and curry make a great flavor trio. Serve over rice as a main course or as is for an appetizer.
Serves: 4
Preparation time: 25 minutes
Ingredients
2 large seedless oranges
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1-1/2 pounds shrimp, (30-40 per pound), peeled and deveined
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil
1 tablespoon curry powder, preferably Madras
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground pepper
Preparation
1. Preheat oven to 400°F. Line a baking sheet (with sides) with parchment paper. Finely grate the zest of 1 orange; set aside. Using a sharp knife, peel both oranges, removing all the bitter white pith. Thinly slice the oranges crosswise, then cut the slices into quarters. Spread the orange slices on the prepared baking sheet and sprinkle with 1/4 teaspoon salt. Roast until the oranges are slightly dry, about 12 minutes.
2. Meanwhile, toss shrimp with oil, curry powder, pepper, the orange zest and the remaining 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl. Transfer the shrimp to the baking sheet with the oranges and roast until pink and curled, about 6 minutes. Divide the oranges and the shrimp among 4 plates and serve.
Enjoy!
Nutrition Facts
Per serving:
253 calories
7 g total fat (1 g sat, 3 g mono)
259 mg cholesterol
13 g carbohydrate
35 g protein
4 g fiber
548 mg sodium
338 mg potassium
Nutrition Bonus:
selenium (93% Daily Value), vitamin C (70% DV)
Want more? Check out these EatingWell features:
Browse EatingWell Recipe Collections
Browse Healthy Recipes
How Much Do You Know About Healthy Cooking?
Do you practice healthy cooking techniques?
Test yourself
to see how much you know about what foods are good for youPirelli World 2013
"About time" is the matter of the new issue of the worldwide Pirelli magazine, with interviews, among the others, with Jacques Le Goff, Jacques Attali, Zygmunt Bauman, Roberto Bolle.
Not only a better way to recount Pirelli's relationship with culture, the economy, science, industry, markets, but also a way to discuss the great changes taking place in the contemporary world.
November 2013 - N.65
Double click to zoom
Last Revised: 12 Mar 20141 CD(s) - Papua New Guinea - Label: Dancing Turtle - Distributor: Kudos Records - Released: 01/12/2008 - 5060172970070
Rock & Pop - LiveRecording - 1 CD(s) - Label: Strut - Distributor: Republic of Music/Universal Music - Released: 12/11/2012 - 730003309625
3 CD(s) - World Music - Label: Smithsonian Folkways Recordings - Distributor: Discovery - Released: 02/04/2001 - 93074048726
1 CD(s) - World Music - Label: Sonodisc - Distributor: Proper Music Distribution, Stern's - Released: 24/06/2002 - 3252411894250
Guinea Pig Wall Clock. Hand made in England. Approximate overall size: 10.5" x 8". Requires 1 x AA battery (not included).
> Home Decor & Accessories
1 CD(s) - World Music - Label: Topic Records - Distributor: Proper - Released: 07/05/2001 - 714822091824
1 CD(s) - World Music - Label: Buda Records - Distributor: Discovery - Released: 23/10/1998 - 3259119751625
1 CD(s) - Electronica - Label: Jumpin' & Pumpin' - Distributor: Essential Music/Gem Logistics - Released: 29/10/2001 - 5013993905226
Guinea Pigs remain a perennial favourite as pets with young and old alike. This book will show you how to care for your pet, it will examine in detail the ideal methods of housing, feeding, grooming, ...
2 CD(s) - World Music - Label: Buda Musique - Distributor: Discovery - Released: 30/07/2012 - 602537045327
Guinea pig is the second title in the new Collins Family Pet Series. These attractive colour illustrated guides give all the practical advice necessary to raising healthy happy pets. This comprehensiv...
Non-Fiction - Children's - Animals - ISBN: 1406318728
Fiction - Children's - ISBN13: 9781846161681
Non-Fiction - Nature - ISBN: 1931993327
Fiction - Children's - ISBN: 1406313416 - ISBN13: 9781406313413
Introduces the reader to Papua New Guinea, a rugged land of 10,000 colourful tribes. This book features a weird and wonderful bestiary, and also tells of the author whose culinary bent finds him dinin...
Non-Fiction - Science & Technology - Environment & Ecology - ISBN: 0300032056
> Science & Technology Books
Science & Technology Books
1 2 3 4 5 ›1 2 3 4 5 ›
published 25/02/2005
friendly, fun to watch, cute
none
published 28/02/2015
Good value, good for your piggies.
None.
published 29/01/2006
Very loving
Can be smellyA closer look at 3 stocks
Bundling can help you greatly
Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!
On Jan 6, 2014, we upgraded our long-term recommendation on
Itau Unibanco Holding S.A.
(
ITUB
) to Outperform from Neutral based on its organic growth, aided
by a huge deposit base coupled with elevated loans level and
diversifying efforts in the recovering economy. Further, the
company's recurring earnings in third-quarter 2013 were up?By Michael Aneiro
Whatever it may or may not do for the economy and employment, QE3 continues to benefit mortgage rates, which hit record lows for a second straight week. Freddie Mac (FMCC) said Thursday that its latest Primary Mortgage Market Survey shows the average 30-year fixed-rate mortgage hit a new all-time record low of 3.40% for the week ended Sept. 27 and the average 15-year fixed fell to a new all-time record low at 2.73%. The 30-year rate is down from 3.49% a week earlier and 4.01% a year ago, while the 15-year rate is down from 2.77% a week ago and 3.28% a year ago.
“”Fixed mortgage rates continued to decline this week, largely due to the Federal Reserve’s purchases of mortgage securities, and should support an already improving housing market,” said Frank Nothaft, vice president and chief economist at Freddie Mac, in a statement.
Add a CommentRockledge, FL branch Team Leader Jobs
1 - 10 of 1,442 Jobs
Sort by: best match or most recent
Store Team Leader
Tractor Supply CompanyRetail
Cocoa, FL
deposits to bank by following prescribed procedures. Maintain Team Leader binder by making updates to documentation and including proper signatures. Dispense propane into various cylinder sizes... Re
Sponsored job from tractorsupply.com
Team Drivers
Werner EnterprisesTransportation
Cocoa Beach, FL
Ask About Our New Team Mentor Program: $750 Team Mentorship 60-90 Day Commitment with Driver Trainer 1 Day Off Per 1 Week Out, Minimum 4 Weeks on the Road Before Hometime Routing Great for test drivin
Sponsored job from werner.com
Branch Manager Trainee - Space Coast District - FL
JPMorgan Chase & Co.Office Manager
Cocoa, FL
both customers and employees. You determine the success of your branch by identifying and hiring top talent; developing each member of your team to his/her fullest potential; setting a clear direction
from jpmorganchase.com3 days ago
Starbucks Team Leader
Target
Titusville, FL
Date: 05/08/2015 Location: Titusville, FL Job Number: 4593131 Description: Lead a fast, fun and friendly Starbucks team.|Provide excellent guest service.|Coach and evaluate team member performance.|Ma
from target.com12 days ago
Store Team Leader
Tractor Supply CompanyRetail
Cocoa, FL
deposits to bank by following prescribed procedures. Maintain Team Leader binder by making updates to documentation and including proper signatures. Dispense propane into various cylinder sizes... Re
from tractorsupply.com30+ days ago
Community Banking Branch Banker III
BB&TBanking & Financial Services
Indian Harbour Beach, FL
client contact. 2. Support team sales process by acting upon or referring identified client needs to other lines of business (e.g., Retail Loan, Mortgage, Investments, Private Banking, Insurance, Sma
from bbt.com8 days ago
Team Leader Sales (Store Management)
Sports AuthoritySales & Business Development
Merritt Island, FL
develop Sales Team talent Hire, train and coach Sales Authorities and Associates on what to sell and how to sell Hire, train and coach Service Techs and Sr. Service Techs Coach, counsel, and disciplin
from sportsauthority.com22 days ago
Team Leader Operations (Store Management)
Sports AuthorityOperations
Merritt Island, FL
Street Address: 777 E MERRITT ISLAND CSWY Primary Job Functions Human Resources Complete and execute all new hire paperwork and maintain employee files. Conduct new hire orientation for all hourly
from sportsauthority.com22 days ago
Program Sourcing Project Leader
BrunswickSupply Chain & Logistics
Merritt Island, FL
Are you seeking a Career Opportunity that supports an exciting brand and offers personal growth? Join the Brunswick Team today and become the Driver of Change you’ve been looking to be! Summary:... t
from brunswick.comYesterday
Asst Salon Leader
Ranter CompaniesTech Management
Indian Harbour Beach, FL
As an Assistant Salon Leader with Hair Cuttery, you will assist in managing the day-to-day operations of the salon, as well as manage the salon in the Salon Leader absence. In addition, you will also.
from ratnerco.com14 days ago
Store Sales Leader - Justice
Tween BrandsSales & Business Development
Viera, FL
thru 14 years of age). What you'll do: This challenging and rewarding role provides the opportunity to lead a store team focused on delivering a great shopping experience that enhances the self-este
from tweenbrands.com2 days ago
Team Leader Merch/Visual (Store Management)
Sports AuthorityRetail
Merritt Island, FL
needs. Responsibilities Source, train and develop Merch & Visual Team talent Effectively Lead the Merch & Visual Team by utilizing reports and analytics and goal setting techniques. Drive efficiency..
from sportsauthority.com9 days ago
Get a job alert when new job listings match this searchSAM- Wake Up (Feat. K.SHIN) Official Teaser
Singer-songwriter SAM, “I have been waiting for 8 years, I’ll show you the real authenticity” (interview) In February, a solo singer has made a debut with a song called, “Garosugil”. Sam has dreamed to be a singer. Therefore, as soon as he graduated from a high school in the United States, he flew to Korea. This is a main storyRead more
Hello everyone Today, it’s a great day. So, We will also be sending a cake for SAM KU! to GNG Productions’s building go go go. ABOUT THE CAKE: Our 1st Project was successfully delivered! and Sam post on facebook ki ki ki Best monday ever! Thank you!!! Cant wait to see our fans in Thailand! Ahhhhh!! We hope that this wouldRead moreNow that you’ve started your blog, it’s time to put it in front of as many pairs of eyes as possible. There’s no point in putting in the blood, sweat and tears if nobody reads or benefits from your blog.
Small businesses usually have little to no Marketing budget so this article will explore ways to promote your blog using only sweat equity.
Your blog should contain interesting, engaging and practical information that people find useful. You’re giving away information tips and tricks for free so ask for something in return – their email address and/or social media details. This way you can build a database of prospects and you now have their contact details to facilitate relationship building with your target audience.
Recommended for YouWebcast: Turning Your Website Into a Lead Generation Machine
Twitter is a micro-blogging site and you’ve got 140 characters to capture the attention of passersby to make them read your blog. Videos, images and infographics will help to increase engagement but with Twitter you need to focus on words.
Post your blog everyday for 2 weeks, change the heading until you find the winning formula. Don’t think “what heading shall I use to describe my blog” – answer questions, solve problems and think like your customer.
Join groups on LinkedIn relevant to your industry and target audience. Post your blog onto LinkedIn groups and if your blog is interesting then you’ll begin to gather feedback and open up debates.
Don’t just use LinkedIn groups to promote your blog, contribute to conversations and make your opinions heard so those very people will have an interest in reading your blog because they know who you are.
Google +
The most important reason to consider Google + or any other Social Media platform is to communicate with people according to how they communicate, and Google + is growing in size.
However SEO is a critical reason to use Google + to promote your blog. WordPress is an excellent platform for creating a blog, so just copy and paste your work into Blogger. Last week’s blog Small Business Blogging touched on the SEO benefits from blogging and if you want to get seen on Google then get on Google +.
Join communities, much like groups on LinkedIn share your blog content and always respond to comments, +1’s and feedback
External Promotion
Your existing network is finite and therefore limits the exposure of your blog to your followers, friends and friends of friends. Personally I feel that building credibility and trust so you can create long term relationships is the most important aspect of a blog. Of course you want to sell, but gain credibility, trust and build relationships 1st – then you can sell to people who trust you.
Put your blog on someone else’s platform, you obviously lose an element of control but the benefits of leveraging their experience and fan base can seriously boost your exposure. The reason I recommend this method is because it works. I was recently approached by a company who read my blog on an external website which wouldn’t have been possible using only my own WordPress account.
Here are some of the best B2B platforms to help you catapult your blog into the big league:
An up and coming platform The Writer’s Social
When promoting your blog on Social Media always remember to share and be shared, build your network and grow your audience.
Use external platforms to build your fan base by sourcing websites which look for authors/bloggers like you to help provide them with interesting and fresh content.
Why don’t you blog? What problems do you experience? Got a blog already but not being seen? Your comments are welcomed!
Discuss This Article
Thank you for adding to the conversation!
Our comments are moderated. Your comment may not appear immediately.Home | Clinical Services | Elders Living at Home Program Home | Our Stories | Frank
Elders Living at Home Program
Our Stories
Return to List of Our Stories
Frank
“Without this program, I'm not sure I would be here. They didn't give up on me.”
Pine Street Inn is not where an eighty-two year old man with prostate cancer should be living. But three years ago, Frank had no other choice. The building where he rented his apartment was foreclosed on, and his income was too low to find a new place in Boston. Frank was forced to go to the shelter. He describes the experience staying at Pine Street as frightening and overwhelming. “I never liked a minute of it, but the situation warranted that I do something,” he says. Frank kept to himself, and tried to avoid the drugs, the alcohol use, and the fighting among the other men.
Frank stayed at Pine Street for three months before a shelter counselor introduced him to the Elders Living at Home Program (ELAHP). Once accepted into the program, he was given a bed upstairs in ELAHP’s twenty bed transitional unit. Frank says he was immediately more comfortable once he moved upstairs. “It was more quiet, they took me to the doctor, and my health improved a lot,” he says. A nurse with ELAHP made sure Frank had his medication, that he got to his medical appointments, and that he ate properly.
After nine months in the transitional unit, Frank moved again to a unit for men with serious health problems. He has been staying there for two years, while continuing to work with ELAHP on finding permanent, affordable housing. Frank credits the staff at ELAHP for saving his life. He says, “Without this program, I'm not sure I would be here. They didn't give up on me, even when the prostate cancer was so bad.” When asked if he ever gave up on himself, Frank shakes his head emphatically and says “Personally, I didn't give up. I believe in powers beyond man's power.” Recently, more than two years of searching for a safe, affordable place for Frank to live seem to have paid off. An opportunity has come up, and he and his workers at ELAHP are hopeful that he will be housed very soon.Smoked Salmon and Dill Frittata – Serves 4
6 Large Eggs
2 TB Milk
1 TB Chopped Dill (prefer fresh)
1 Tsp. Salt and ground pepper to taste
2 TB Chives (prefer fresh)
2 Oz. Cream Cheese
2 Oz. Smoked Salmon
2 Tsp. Virgin Olive Oil
Heat oven to 375 degrees. Whisk egg, milk, dill, salt, pepper and chives together. Break up cream cheese into small chunks and fold into egg mixture. Break up salmon and add to egg and cream cheese mixture.
Heat oil in 9″ oven proof skillet over med. to low heat. Pour egg mixture into skillet and stir lightly to separate fillings evenly. Cook until bottom is set, but NOT too brown. (about 2 min.) Transfer skillet to the oven and bake until top is set (about 8 min). Remove from oven, cover and set aside about 5 min. Invert Frittata onto a large plate and cut into wedges.
I served this with some hash browns and blueberry bread. I have also added tomatoes as a garnish in the past as well.: Case:24:11 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:15:18 UTCVitus’ Chrono II is a new top-end TT bike for 2015. It's the time-trial weapon of choice for the An Post-Chain Reaction Cycles UCI continental team, so its been thoroughly tested alongside the Irish Cycling High Performance Programme, with Ryan Mullan clocking the fastest time of the day – both under-23 and elite – at Irish time trial championships on the bike. The Chrono II also scored a bronze medal at this year’s UK national 100-mile TT championships under Ironman UK winner Lucy Gossage.
The Chrono II is fully UCI approved across all five sizes (XS to XL). Vitus says it has been designed with maximum aerodynamics at its heart, while integral moulding process for the high-modulus, uni-directional T700 carbon means the top tube, down tube, head tube and seat tube are all produced in a single step, which helps improve stiffness.
The design itself features shapes reminiscent of the Cervelo P5 combined with the Scott Plasma 3.
The head tube’s wide trailing edge leads onto a non-wheel hugging down tube that features a blunt, truncated foil similar to that of the new Scott Plasma 5.
The straight top tube runs into a broad seat junction that sits between the Plasma and the P5 in width while the seatstays attach low on the wheel-hugging seat tube as with the new Plasma models.
The top of the bottom bracket area is squared off to give a chunky home for a standard 68mm screw-in BB shell.
Under the BB area is a screw-on faring that shields the installation point for the TRP TTV brake, which comes included with the frameset and fits smoothly with the contours of the frame. It also weighs only 134g including all hardware and is adjustable thanks to independent spring tension screws.
The substaintial chainstays stay close in to the wheel before flaring out into the horizontal dropouts, complete with a replaceable aluminium gear hanger.
The seatpost is held in place by a wedge that’s tightened on the top tube just in front of the post’s entry point. The top of the seatpost has a two-rail clamp for standard saddles, but one that can slide 25mm along the top of the seatpost in order to change the effective seat tube angle from 75 to 77 degrees, before saddle adjustment.
Up front, the design follows the increasing trend in TT bikes for total integration. The stem sits atop a reduced head tube (scaled for each frame size) and the bayonet-style fork to keep the setup in line with the top tube. Another TRP TTV brake slots in on the reverse of the fork, again following the trailing edge for maximum aerodynamic benefit.
The stem itself has a top cap that is used for both the tightening of the stem onto the headset and for securing the base bar in place via four bolts on the top. The stem will take any standard 31.8mm bars, but the frameset comes with a base bar and extensions that transition into the stem shape for a smooth, aero look.
The carbon base bar features a broad, fairly tall aerofoil with flat bullhorns. There’s plenty of width adjustment on the pads, but only one mounting width for the bars. There’s no X- or Y-axis adjustment either, leaving you to tilt the whole base bar to alter the angle of the J-bend extensions. There are a variety of spacers to effect desired stack height above the standard 492.7mm (centre BB to head tube centre line) on the medium 52cm frame.
The front brake cable runs externally while the rear brake and gear cables slot neatly onto the top tube behind the stem. Vitus says that all the cable paths have been engineered to minimise bends and maximise shifting performance, which should make cable changes a little easier too.
The production models will feature a red, rather than green, colourscheme and will be available through Chain Reaction Cycles from November for £1,574.99 (RRP £1,749.99) so it should be considerably cheaper than the bargain Shimano 105-equipped Cervelo P2, built-up with like-for-like kit. Though of course, the beauty of the frameset-only Vitus is that the specification will be up to you.For the past two weeks, ABC's “The Chew” has presented tantalizing suggestions for Thanksgiving dinner. Today viewers can tune in for some last minute inspiration. The crew will offer Thanksgiving recipes, info about dining etiquette and great entertaining ideas. Once Thanksgiving is over, Black Friday begins with no show as people watch football and head to the stores for deals.
Thanksgiving Tips on “The Chew”
It takes time and effort to prepare Thanksgiving dinner. Some people have a file or book filled with Thanksgiving recipes from past experiences or older family members. Others just hash through the process the best they can. ABC's “The Chew” has served up some sensational suggestions for this day of feasting with family and friends. They even had a chat so fans could ask last minute questions.
Clinton offered craft ideas to beautify your home and table with everyday items such as cranberries. Daphne served guilt-free Thanksgiving recipes such as vegetable mushroom stuffing and apple-cranberry hand pies. Carla's pumpkin souffle and decadent desserts were irresistible. The Battle of the Iron Grandmas included some yummy stuffing recipes with Antoinette emerging as the winner. Mike and Mario work miracle with meat, especially turkey. They even served intoxicating cocktails made with Sierra Mist.
The show also focused on side dishes and offering unique Thanksgiving recipes. The majority of viewers revealed they prefer sides dishes over the main course. Either way, turkey is still the focal point of Thanksgiving dinner. From preparing it to carving it to serving leftovers, “The Chew” shows you how to do it right.
Today the crew of The Chew will share tips about dining etiquette. Often the Thanksgiving table is filled with a variety of personalities. Maintaining some sense of decorum keeps the day together. Entertaining ideas keep everyone happy while the meal is being prepared, served and cleaned up. A few last minute suggestions are sure to inspire several at-home chefs on the hectic day before Thanksgiving. One Facebook fan commented, “I'm as ready as I am going to be I guess- lol. Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and your families.And thanks for a great show!”
Black Friday and “The Chew”
Fans can watch more about turkey on “The Chew” on Thanksgiving Day. The show will air on Thursday but will not air on Black Friday. From shopping to football, Friday is dedicated to a variety of day-after pursuits. While some people are watching football games, others will go to stores to score deals for the holidays.
“The Chew” blog discusses the day after Thanksgiving, otherwise known as Black Friday, The majority of Americans do not want to put of Christmas decorations or hear Christmas music until after Thanksgiving. They will get plenty of it shopping on Black Friday. The average shopper spends $750 on Christmas gifts on Black Friday. The blog reports jewelry is often more expensive during the holiday season and it is better to buy it in the spring. However, toy discounts on this harried day of shopping average 57%. Will you be shopping, watching football or recuperating the day after Thanksgiving? Next week, "The Chew" is sure to offer some homey holiday ideas.
ABC's “The Chew” airs weekdays at 1:00 p.m. ET
Add new comment- Filed Under
ASHWAUBENON - An Ashwaubenon Public Safety officer performed heroics Sunday when he drove his police car in the path of a vehicle with a jammed gas pedal.
Lt. Wade Graul observed a two vehicle crash about 8:35 p.m. at the intersection of Holmgren Way and Cormier Road, Chief Eric Dunning said in a statement. One of the vehicles had been northbound on Holmgren Way and the other eastbound on Cormier Road.
The accelerator of one of the vehicles then became jammed and that vehicle began moving without the driver's control into oncoming traffic on Holmgren Way.
Graul then drove his squad car into the path of the vehicle with the jammed accelerator to stop it from moving into traffic.
After the collision, Graul broke out the passenger side window of that vehicle to turn off the engine.
The driver of that vehicle was taken to a local hospital with unknown injures. Graul and the driver of the vehicle from the initial crash were not injured.
The Wisconsin State Patrol is investigating.The Bees would have moved above Rovers into second, safe in the knowledge they only needed to avoid defeat on the final day, had they beaten Hartlepool at the weekend.
But they could only manage a 1-1 draw meaning it is win or bust at Griffin Park in four days' time.
"Doncaster have been up there all year," said Rosler.
"They were relegated from the Championship last year and have a higher budget than us.
"We are the challengers. We are in a great position. I like that for my players. We are better when we have to attack and win. On our home pitch we can definitely do that."Search Results
Keywords: Social activities
Historical Items Showing 3 of 417 View All
Item 79297
Title: Student Activities Card, Farmington State Normal School, 1942
Contributed by: Mantor Library at UMF
Date: 1942
Location: Farmington
Media: ink on paper
Item 19158
Title: Mount Desert Reading Room
Contributed by: Jesup Memorial Library
Date: circa 1910
Location: Bar Harbor
Media: Postcard
Item 31304
Title: Anti suffrage report on activities, Portland, ca. 1915
Contributed by: Maine Historical Society
Date: circa 1916
Media: Ink on paper
view a full transcription
Exhibits Showing 3 of 55 View All
Slavery's Defenders and Foes
Mainers, like residents of other states, had differing views about slavery and abolition in the early to mid decades of the 19th century. Religion and economic factors were among the considerations in determining people's leanings.
Sites Showing 3 of 36.Home Ownership: it's just a little bit more . . .
By Stew
Someday, I hope to own another home, but not until I am good and ready. We are quite happy with our rental situation at the moment.
When we purchased our first home, after a year of marriage, everyone told us what a great decision we had made – “It’s the best investment you can make . . . we were married for ten years before we could afford our own home.” I am not opposed to home ownership. Under the right conditions, I think it is a great idea, however, it is important to recognize that as a culture we have been conditioned to think that owning your own home is the pinnacle of human existence. The problem is that in the past, when a person owned a home, they truly owned it – now the definition of home ownership has become “living in a building owned by a bank”. And that building, owned by the bank always seemed to cost us just a little more.There were many things that I did not understand when I signed the documents that committed me to live in and care for the bank’s home for the last eight years. The biggest factor that I did not completely grasp was the true cost of home ownership. I soon came to realize that owning a home costs just a little bit more.
Loan Approval and Shopping for a Home
When you go to the bank for loan approval, the monthly payments always seem to be a few dollars higher than you were originally told. The realtor will always show you homes that are just a little bit more than what you think you can afford.
Mortgage
Understand all of the components of your mortgage payment – everyone knows about principle and interest, but make sure you know if you are subject to private mortgage insurance or PMI. PMI can add anywhere from $20 to $100 per month to your monthly payment. Your broker will tell you “it’s just a little bit more“.
Closing Costs
Yes, they were all there on the little sheet, the whole list, but when we bought our first home, I never really looked at the entire picture. I saw all the relatively small amounts – $50 here, $250 there, $75 again, but each one was just a little more out of pocket cash or making my monthly mortgage payment just a little higher.
Property taxes
Property taxes are a major deal killer in my book. In the state where we lived, our taxes were almost double the amount that they would have been in any other state. Be sure to use this in figuring the cost of home ownership. Taxes are always just a little bit more.
Insurance
I think my homeowner’s insurance was reasonable. I think we were getting a good value for our money, but sometimes insurance is not always something that new homeowner’s think about critically. To them it’s just a little bit more.
Maintenance
I really underestimated how much money we would spend on maintenance costs when we became “home owners”. There are so many things that the house needs, things break, improvements are needed and it’s all just a little bit more.
Utilities
We did everything we could to reduce utility costs in our home, but we never seemed to be under budget. Cold winters, hot summers and everything in between all served to squeeze just a little more money out of us.
Here is the point, new, potential homebuyers need to look at ever single expense as a lump sum before making the decision to buy. I do not believe that my wife and I would have become home owners eight months into our marriage if we had added the following costs:
- Principle
- Interest
- Private Mortgage Insurance
- Homeowner’s Insurance
- Soft water softener rental
- Heating bill
- Electric bill
- Water bill
- Maintenance costs – lawn care, exterior, interior, systems repair, cleaning
Add that stuff up, look at that number and if you still think you want to buy the house – great! But be sure to add just a little bit more.
Photo by jamiejohndavies
July 16th, 2009 at 8:02 am
I think that’s a great point! We just recently bought our second home (the first we moved and turned into a rental property) and the extra costs were a shock. We moved to New Orleans, LA and the insurance down here is amazingly expensive – 4,000 a year for home owners, fire and flood, plus 4k in taxes. I’m used to spending about 500 a year on insurance on our other home. These costs alone add $600/month in expenses(!!)
If we had known that before we moved down here we would have definitely reconsidered it.
July 16th, 2009 at 8:04 am
Actually I was wrong, the costs are more than that, I was just checking some numbers. The extra cost per month is closer to $800!
July 16th, 2009 at 8:57 am
being a homeowner has many variables that many first time homeowners (like us) don’t factor in. in 2004 the state of florida had three major hurricanes. we didn’t expect our insurance to go from $700 a year to $3500 a year. didn’t have enough in escrow for that bill!! we were blessed that our mortgage carrier paid it but our monthly payment went up about $300 a month. then of course property taxes went up to repair all of the damage to the schools, govt. buildings, etc. i guess the moral of the story is that you should not be living paycheck to paycheck and be a homeowner. there are just to many variables that can lead to financial disaster.
July 16th, 2009 at 9:04 am
Ugh, yes. We realized these numbers while searching for a house, and we thought, “heck with this. Let’s keep on renting for awhile.”
We simply can’t afford all these extras that come along with having a mortgage and continue to have a reasonable standard of living.
Now, we’re saving for a down payment but also a variety of the extras — closing costs, prepaids, maintenance, etc
July 16th, 2009 at 9:35 am
Stew,
Amazing Post, and should ring true for anyone who purchased a home. I remember when I was closing on my home, and each person at the table seemed to take a little bit more from my pocket!
July 16th, 2009 at 9:41 am
I agree completely. Unfortunately, people catch such a bad case of home fever that the calculator overheats and it no longer works. Once we make a decision to buy a home there is often no stopping us.
July 16th, 2009 at 9:51 am
Home fever. That’s exactly it – once we make the decison to buy, cost does not seem to matter anymore. $10 here, $20 there, nothing deters us.
July 16th, 2009 at 10:34 am
Haha. “Home fever.” I had it, but was able to cure myself before I got in over my head. Now my girlfriend has it and I can’t find the right prescription to fight it!
I want to own a home and I can now afford to own one, but there is one other major drawback to being an owner that many people don’t consider. A home is like a geographic anchor! Now, I know there are a lot of creative ways to work around this, but a lot of them are just that, “work.” As I attempt to transition into a location independent lifestyle that will allow me to go anywhere I want in the world and still earn a living, the idea of owning a big geo-anchor is becoming less and less enticing. Yet I still want the autonomy that comes with owning.
Tough decisions!
July 16th, 2009 at 11:11 am
I thought you bought a house in the mountains. I know you’re renting out your old house in another state. Have you moved from the mountain house into a rental?
July 16th, 2009 at 11:14 am
I think a lot of people forget about the items that need to be replace long term – like water heaters, painting exterior, A/C, furnace etc. It is really hard to budget for these as you can’t always predict how long they will last. Again, while the all important emergency fund is needed.
July 16th, 2009 at 11:37 am
Deanna, sorry, lots of people have been making that mistake – GLBLguy is living in the mountains and renting his previous home. I’m just Stew and I am currently renting while trying to sell my home in a previous state. Honest mistake – maybe I need an icon or something to let people know when I post and when glbl is posting . . .
July 16th, 2009 at 12:01 pm
Stew:
I think the problem is that if you are reading the blog through a reader (i.e. I’m using Sage) for some reason the “by Stew” does not show up unless you click through. (Neither does the ad)
I’ve done a double take a couple times thinking HUH? what is GBLGuy talking about??? then realized it was you or vice versa.
You may want to have the first line of any article be something that lets us know.
July 16th, 2009 at 12:39 pm
That’s great – people think glblguy is nuts. Then they realize, “oh, its just crazy Stew.” Ha! Love it. I did not realize that the byline was not coming through on the reader. We will figure something out.
July 16th, 2009 at 12:41 pm
I think, too, that we need to take pride out of the picture when making our home-buying decisions. Our first little home, including taxes and insurance, cost less than the our rent. It was a wonderful situation for us. Our home was imperfect but it had a huge yard and was in a quiet location. Sometimes we felt that people didn’t understand our choice b/c colleagues were all buying newer and bigger. But we were being faithful with what we had (and repaying student loans to the tune of $800/mos at the same time). When buying our current home, the bank would have given us much more money than we knew we were able to afford. To a large degree, emotions must not enter in. Home repairs cost an arm and a leg and are a reality… they’re not just a $100/mos… things like concrete, window replacements, new roofs, etc. they cost big, not to mention little plumbing issues, new stain, whatever. In addition, when choosing our homes we need to realize that taxes and insurance ARE NOT STATIC. They seem to constantly be on the rise (even when salaries are not) so we must allow ourselves wiggle room. We’ve been happy with our choices and I’m grateful. Rents here are high f(to us). As an example, a two-bedroom appt would cost us at least $900/mos plus utilities (we’re a family of five so this wouldn’t even work) or a half a house with three bedrooms would cost us $1500-1600/mos plus utilities. It is still a better financial option for us to own but I’ll be more careful when encouraging my younger siblings to own rather than rent.
July 16th, 2009 at 2:24 pm
Great point. We got the same “you’re doing so great!” type comments… but we don’t own anything. Well, we own about 10% of something.
July 16th, 2009 at 2:31 pm
Hi Stew,
When the home you were trying to sell closes, you might consider a post about the cost of selling a home with closing cost, realtor fees, etc. It’s not something you think about when you buy the home, and I think it would be interesting information to share.
July 16th, 2009 at 8:35 pm
I think under the right circumstances e.g. prices are low, etc. it may be wise to purchase a home but the important thing is that we should calculate carefully what we can or cannot afford. As a rule, I don’t take out a mortgage of more than 50% of the home value, so that in the worst case (a forced sale), I can still repay the loan and not be in debt.
July 16th, 2009 at 9:22 pm
Yes, Keri, I think waiting to purchase a house until you have that much saved up is a wise idea. There are some situations where I might do it with 30 or 40 percent, but never less than 20.
July 16th, 2009 at 9:33 pm
This is a GREAT post – every first time (and maybe even second time) buyer should read this! Mr. T and I are always shocked at what the bank says we can afford when we get prequalified, it’s like they want us to live like we’re destitute! All the extras really add up and if you want to actually have a savings account – really crunch the numbers.
Last year we sold our home and moved. The bank prequalified us for over $400K – and we laughed and said “No thanks!” We found a home for $235,000 – and it’s still tight some months!! I can’t imagine what life would be like if we had to pay an extra $1000 per month for a mortgage. We definitely wouldn’t be saving up for our retirement!
July 17th, 2009 at 10:10 am
Owning a home can become more like a nightmare if you bite off more than you can chew. It’s important to match your home ownership plans with what you can truly afford.
July 17th, 2009 at 11:22 am
I’m glad that this post is going to make people aware of all of the “extra” costs associated with homeownership. I guess I’m a little surprised at how surpised everyone seems to be by the extra costs from closing to insurance to home maintenance. When my husband and I started looking at homes we researched all of the costs and figured them in, so there were no surprises. When we found what became our house, our realtor told us all about the closing costs before we ever made an offer. She actually estimated high, so we were pleasantly surprised when they were less. Of course as part of our offer we got the seller to agree to cover the closing costs.
July 17th, 2009 at 12:59 pm
Hopefully the longer you wait, the more down payment you will be able to accumulate.
January 6th, 2011 at 10:52 pm
What makes people think they’re “homeowners”? Reality check: You are not the homeowner, the bank is. You are the tenant and the bank is your landlord: A landlord who lets you paint your walls any color you want and let you mow your own lawn, but who, when that “rent” isn’t paid on time, puts you out on the street (eviction vs. foreclosure? They smart about the same). And what on earth makes suckers go out and charge up and spend all kinds of money on remodeling a house that isn’t even legally theirs? It’s like buying a new washer and dryer fo your landlord when you’re just a renter. Guess what? When they evict/foreclose on you, they get to keep it all! Sheesh. Wake up, people.
October 24th, 2011 at 1:25 pm
This could have been my story! We also purchased a home after 1 year of marriage, then realized how foolish we were. We were planning too many steps ahead, and after only a few years, we were ready to move with very little paid off and a LOT paid in interest. When we sold our house, we ended up owing $10,000—that alone, not to mention the $1,100 per month mortgage, far exceeded what we would have sunk into renting little apartment those 3 years. Now, we’re renting, licking our wounds, and not planning to buy until we can put 100% down.Facebook Acquires Social Veterans in FriendFeed Deal
Posted by Jeremiah K. Owyang on August 10, 2009
- 316 Recommendations
- 2 comments
[Posted by Jeremiah K. Owyang]: Facebook Acquires Social Veterans in FriendFeed Deal
Great piece Jeremiah. I think there are two additional, interesting aspects to this acquisition and its potential outcome.First, FriendFeed gives Facebook something that it does better than Twitter and, for some applications, Google too -- real-time search of the social ecosystem. Granted the sample is currently small, but look for the Facebook user-base to scale that value, quickly.Second, and even more interesting, FriendFeed brings Facebook the first and best operating model supporting lifestreaming. A term we weren't even using when FriendFeed launched in 2007, it describes the place - context - where my online me collects all the various bits and pieces - streams - of my activity, content & connections across the social web.Facebook, even as it mimicked and copied a lot of FriendFeed's functionality over the past few quarters, is still a closed network. Its piece of the lifestream, even if large, is cordoned off.That's why many early adopters of FriendFeed quickly tired of Facebook (almost as fast as they did of Twitter, but for different reasons), once they discovered FriendFeed.FriendFeed gives Facebook the potential for a public pipe into - and now out of - the lifestreams of hundreds of millions of global users.As a FriendFeed addict, and marketer, I close my eyes and make a wish about Facebook's acquisition of such a sweet & promising platform: now that they bought it, I sure I hope they don't break it.
re: Facebook Acquires Social Veterans in FriendFeed Deal
ThomI share the same (I'm an active FF users too). You bring up a good point about search, yes there's clearly an opportunity there. The challenge is this is not yet Facebook's identity and culture, so it'll be interesting to see how they approach integrating search: will it be part of the core experience (and they generate ad dollars) or tertiary feature.We should expect them to experiment with search, but not get it right for some time.S/O of childbirth in 1513
Poll Results
Question: Did you go into labor on your own?
Went into labor naturally no complications
Induced, no complications
Went into labor naturally, complications
Induced, complications
Went into labor naturally then pitocin started, no complications
Went into labor naturally then pitocin started, with complications
You have way too many options! Lol
Total Votes: 235
Poll
Question: Did you go into labor on your own?
Total Votes: 235
I had more issues because of too much medical intervention in this time than I would have had back then if I had been allowed to progress naturally
Now I'm curious to see how many had issues because of drs trying to force a birth on their time
Naturally, no complications
Why would they give you pitocin if you went into labor naturally?
Quoting Foolynroo2:
Naturally, no complications
Why would they give you pitocin if you went into labor naturally?
Went naturally, all vaginal, no complications, last a home birth.
I fully believe in MOST woman then intervention does more harm than good!
You don't have enough options, none fit me. ;) lol
I got eclampsia at 25 weeks gestation. I never went into labor, I had an emergency C-section. :/
on Aug. 2, 2013 at 8:02 PM
- Cbreland07
CATEGORIES:View All
Pairs Well With
Riesling
Peachy, honeyed white wine
- Find easy pairings for your favorite recipes, Bobby's perfect picks and party ideas.
Cooking Tips
More Recipes and Ideas
Moroccan Chicken and Couscous
Recipe courtesy of Food Network Kitchen
Couscous with Peas and Mint
Recipe courtesy of Melissa d'Arabian
Couscous with Quick Preserved Lemon
Recipe courtesy of Michael Chiarello
YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE
3 posts tagged with rssaggregator.
Displaying 1 through 3 of 3. Subscribe:
How to add web pages to Google Reader's "Shared Items"?
How can I add web pages to my Google Reader account's "Shared Items" feed with minimum fuss? .
Browser-Based RSS Aggregator
I'm looking for a free browser based RSS Aggregator, any thoughts?
Page: 1The holiday spirit may have been evident for those storming retail outlets over the weekend--but the same is decidedly NOT true for stocks. They are suffering through their worst day in at least 4 and 1/2 months.
That's kept the breaking news desk busy digging through our spreadsheets to find out all those "worst since" factoids to keep viewers informed if not entertained. Wal-Mart's first monthly sales slump in 10 years and a falling dollar get much of the blame, but as portfolio manager Gina Sanchez pointed out on Power Lunch (12:23pm), the market is already "priced to perfection" after the runup of the past few months.
Ironically--on a day when as many as 28 of the 30 Dow stocks were down at any given time, breaking news involving Dow component Altria was actually positive - as the Supreme Court decided not to review an appeals court ruling that set aside a $10.1 billion dollar judgment against Altria.
Market reporter Bob Pisani explained how that was impacting the stock (12:04pm). This particular case involved Altria's advertising of so-called "light" cigarettes. Two easy rules of thumb involving Altria court case stories:
1)You know it's important enough to impact the markets and
2)Altria is in the midst of enough court cases so that you'll often be baffled as to which one is involved.
And not quite "Bah Humbug" but perhaps "Ho Humbug"--the results of an exclusive CNBC Holiday Central Survey--as reported by Senior Economics Reporter Steve Liesman (Power Lunch 1pm). Americans are willing enough to spend - but a majority in our survey say they're not going to spend any more than last year.
Check with us again in a few weeks to see if what they say turns out to be different than what they do. Say--is that a Sony PS3 hidden behind those teddy bears?SPRINGFIELD – For 15 years, Hampden Sheriff Michael Ashe’s community service program has been quietly making the city a better place.
Mayor Domenic J. Sarno and City Councilor Clodo Concepcion recognized Ashe and others associated with the program for both its longtime service to the city and its work to help clean up tree damage in wake of the June 1 tornado and the October snowstorm in the Sixteen Acres neighborhood.
“The sheriff and the community service program have become an integral part of the city operations,” Sarno said. “We appreciate his efforts, and we look forward to many more years of partnering to ensure the city is a better place to live and work.”
Concepcion spoke of a particular crew, one of 19 throughout the region and headed up by correctional officer Dennis Sullivan.
“During the past four months, this crew has been assigned to Green Leaf Park and Sixteen Acres, and they have cut and removed a lot of dangerous trees and overgrowth that FEMA refused. This crew has made our neighborhood safer and we appreciate it,” he said.
Patrick Sullivan, director of parks and recreation for the city, said the program saved the city millions of dollars in maintenence and cleanup costs over the years.
“It really is invaluable, you can’t put a price on it,” Sullivan said.
Sullivan said the work crews did a valuable service to the Sixteen Acres neighborhood by doing work that FEMA refused to fund.
Dennis Sullivan is brother to Patrick Sullivan.
Sarno also praised the inmates participating in the program and the work they have done in the city. Several members of Dennis Sullivan’s crew attended the ceremony.
“We appreciate what you do,” Sarno said. “You might not get that pat on the back all the time but people are watching.”
The ceremony took place at the Greenleaf Community Center on Parker Street.Thread
:
not sure what to do
#
16
01-17-2011, 04:43 AM
redevil
Member
Join Date: Jan 2011
Location: United States
Posts: 21
As he said before..I grew up in a poly family. I know what it takes to make it work and have seen just how great it can be. When my mom passed away, my dad and her boyfriend where together and for months they got each other through the grief. In fact when all this came to a head, it was them that we turned to for advice..
redevil
Find all posts by redevilFifteen patients with primary thrombocythemia were seen at the Mayo Clinic from 1960 through 1966. Nine patients presented with hemorrhagic manifestations, especially gastrointestinal bleeding. Three patients presented with thrombotic phenomena, including one patient with the nephrotic syndrome. Platelet counts in excess of 1 million/cu mm were seen in all patients. In this series, 9 patients had hypochromic anemia, and 12 had mature neutrophilic leukocytosis. In three patients there was no splenomegaly in association with Howell-Jolly bodies and target cells in peripheral blood, findings suggestive of infarction atrophy of the spleen. Three patients died within 24 months of diagnosis. Four of the six deaths were related to thrombotic mechanisms. Sodium phosphate P 32 produced more rapid and longer remissions than did busulf.Hi Chictopians! As we enter the first few days of hot summer, let’s check out the latest Style Icons who know how to keep it cool! Each one of them has great personal style that we think you all can take inspiration from— simple, menswear to ombre blazers, we’re happy to introduce you to this month’s Style Icons!
And they are…
Bor
Victoria Marmalade
Alina S
Check ’em out and congratulate them on their new Style Icon status!
Congrats you three!
xo,
CheriSOURCE: Restoration Industry Association
February 18, 2013 08:00 ET
ROCKVILLE, MD--(Marketwire - Feb 18, 2013) - 'make:.
Media Contact:
Patricia L. Harman
Director of Standards & Communications
Restoration Industry Association
301.231.6505 ext. 28
Cell: 410-456-3700Email Contact
Media Contact:
Patricia L. Harman
Director of Standards & Communications
Restoration Industry Association
301.231.6505 ext. 28
Cell: 410-456-3700Email Contact
See all RSS Newsfeeds
Website:To..
Until I really got into cheese a few years ago, I never considered eating a hunk of the hard stuff, like Parm or Pecorino, unless it was grated. Now I know better. Some of the tastiest cheeses are relegated to “accents” in part because they have so much flavor. Eat them just as they are, without starches or sauces, and you’ll be surprised how delicious they are..Home-builder Taylor Wimpey has confirmed they are in the process of preparing a planning application for land off Bradford Road, which will offer added community benefits.
The plans are for an exclusive development of just 80 family homes, of which 24 will be classified affordable housing.
As well as offering high-quality new homes Taylor Wimpey has revealed extensive local investment will be made including a £592,000 contribution into Wakefield Councils New Homes Bonus during the anticipated three year build.
Andy Roberts, strategic land and planning manager for Taylor Wimpey Yorkshire said: “We are delighted to be proposing this latest scheme in Wrenthorpe, which will not only offer up some stylish new homes, but will also see us make contributions via a planning agreement to education and public open space.”
Homes will include a mix of detached and semi-detached designs, and Taylor Wimpey has assured financial schemes to assist eligible purchasers will also be available, including the government-backed Help to Buy initiative.
Mr Roberts said: “As a company, we are always keen to involve the public at the earliest of stages so they are fully aware of our intentions, and give them an opportunity to express any concerns they may have before we submit our application.”
Taylor Wimpey is set to submit the planning application in June and are encouraging Wrenthorpe locals to get in touch via the website and have their say.
For details on the proposed development on Bradford Road, visit.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.BLOOMFIELD — — After five sometimes tumultuous terms as a Blue Hills Fire Department commissioner, Jimmy Davis's rocky tenure is coming to an end.
Davis' time as chairman of the fire commission was marked in recent years by two police investigations into his activities. And then there was an embarrassing episode involving a public reprimand of an assistant chief who canceled Davis' state-issued permit to use blue emergency lights on his car.One of the next things we are going to implement is true signatures inside LogStore, the file format used by LogTools. Right now, the store is protected by a chain of SHA1 hashes. This means the store is tamper-proof (or tamper-evident, depending on your point of view) it the last hash of the chain has been saved to some external location. Then, it is possible to verify the chain of hashes and also verify that the latest hash is the one that was externally saved.
However, without the “external hash”, it is quite easy for an attacker to just rewrite the log and re-create the hashes. Especially as we have pledged to have the store well documented (security by obscurity is not on our agenda). As such, a hash chain provides only limited protection. It may even provide a false sense of security, if the last hash has not been stored away (attackers will *love* that part of the story).
To make LogStore’s tamper-proofness sound, we are going to implement digital signatures inside the store. This is done by signing some hashes along the chain. You can think of this like a kind of “external hash” inside the LogStore itself. It works the same way digital signatures work for example in PGP and email and thus is considered secure if the signing keys are not compromised (with a compromised key, nothing is secure).
To understand how this is done, let us first define a so-called “log partition”. A log partition is a set of n or fewer log records. It is the smallest object that is being protected by signatures. A log file is made up of one or many partitions (we do not plan to define an upper limit). A new partition is created whenever the LogStore is being opened for writing (even if nothing is written) and is closed when either the store is closed or a pre-configured set of (n) log records has been written. There most probably will be partition start and partition close records. Within at least the closure record, the partition’s last hash is written. It is probable, but not finally decided, if the open record contains the last hash of the previous partition (this would have some advantages in the case of partially tampered-with log stores). The closure record will be digitally signed (using public/private key cryptography). As such, the correctness of the partition closure record can be proven. With that, it is also known that the hash given in the closure record is the last hash used inside the partition. As such, much like with an externally-saved hash value, the hash chain in the partition can be verified.
Keep in mind that the hash chain will not be restarted for a new partition. Still, the previous partition’s last hash will be used to begin the hash chain of the new partition. As such, we can always detect a breach of the whole chain for the whole file. This also means partition closure records contain some redundant information: any one of them can be used to detect a breach of the hash chain in any partition before this closure record. As a side-note, the advantage of including the hash also in the partition open record would be that if a previous partition has been tampered with, we could still, and from the partition alone, verify the correctness of its partition. On the other hand, if the hash is not included inside the open record, we could also obtain it from the closure record immediately in front of it (there is only a subtle difference, and only in cases where that previous closure record has been mangled with – thus the current opinion is that there is not so much value in partition open records).
One may now ask “Why not simply sign each individual message?“. While this for sure is possible, it has considerable overhead, both in processing time as well as storage requirements. First of all, computing a digital signature is performance intense. So one wants to avoid this if high performance is required. From the storage point of view, a digital signature is rather lengthy, the printable form usually longer than a typical syslog or other log message (even Windows Event Log message are often shorter). So it is much more useful to sign only after a minimum number of messages has been processed. Of course, there is a drawback: the hash chain does not proof anything as long as it is not signed. As such the partition size (n) actually is a “vulnerability window” in which log messages can be removed from the file without anybody noticing (except, of course, if the proper closure record can be written). But locally stored data is always vulnerable (this is why with syslog you usually try to send logs off the front-end machine as quickly as possible). If thinking about LogStore as a long-term storage solution for logs that need tamper-proofness (e.g. because they should be used as evidence in court), this problem does not really apply because the log store would usually be created an a specifically protected machine. Or be created as part of a computer forensics investigation, e.g. creating a log of actions taken by the investigator. To care for extreme cases, the partition size can be set to one, in which case actually each message would be digitally signed (but, agreed, with additional overhead of closure records – another point that speaks against open records.)
We hope that you find this information useful. And we also hope that you will speak up if there is something that you don’t like or that we have simply overlooked. As we all know, security is hard to get right and easy to breach by a simple mistake. As such, we would really like to hear your concerns before this is all cast into a wide-spread stable version. Please either use the comment function or email Rainer with your feedback!
One thought: I think the external hash is one way to prevent/detect a rewriting. Another way is to include a signed timestamp (i.e. from an external timestamp server) into a log partition.
The signed timestamp actually makes a lot of sense. Please also have a look at the comment of on my blog announcement:
I guess this pretty much boils down to the same issue. I will wait for more input, probably until mid-January, and then see what to implement and in which order.One of my favorite resources for the topic of family finances is the Jean Chatzky show on XM Radio's Oprah and Friends station. OK guys, don't tune out on me here just because the first line of this post has the word "Oprah" in it. This stuff is crucial! I know we are in the holiday season, because my Costco is already selling Christmas stuff in bulk. With the approach of the gift giving season, it's time to remind ourselves that this will be the year we "end the madness" when it comes to credit card debt.
Jean Chatzky's guest today was Steve Ely of Equifax. Steve came on the discuss credit, and specifically how to get the best credit score possible. Here are a few of his suggestions:
- Pay your bills on time.
- Try to have at least 50 percent of your credit limit available on each of your credit cards.
- Don't open several new lines of credit at the same time.
- Keep an eye on your credit report and dispute any discrepancies.
These are no-brainers, right? Then how many of you know have an accurate read on your current credit score or have checked your credit report within the past 90 days? Steve recommends trying to keep that score over 720 to maximize on getting the best interest rates available. Getting a handle on credit card issues prior to the holiday shopping season can leave us all with more pleasant memories and dispositions in the new year.
Check out other tips for cleaning up credit at Jean Chatzky's site.Paella Rice.
Just got back from Spain and I'm inspired to make paella. Any idea where I can get paella rice in T dot? Apparently, the real stuff is much more absorbent than regular rice.
Freezing Mac N Cheese
This might sound like a silly question, but have you ever frozen cooked mac n cheese into individual portions? After years of throwing out my carefully prepared schooled lunches, my son has taken to the "f" word": prepared frozen dinners (shudder) since his high school caf. has a microwave. In the interest of health, money, and just plain good mothering, does anyone have a recipe for simple mac n cheese (his fave variety) that can be cooked, frozen, and then easily microwaved at school and yet still taste good?
Globe Earth
I have a groupon thing for Globe Earth and was thinking of going soon…anyone been lately? It looks like the menu is different. I'm looking for recos--either for or against.
8 weeks of restaurants
So for the next 8 weeks, my kids are at camp, I'm off work (yup, I'm a teacher) and ready to get back into the T.dot restaurant scene. Last I head, Barque is good (was at the friends & family tasting night before it opened), Pizza Liberetto on Danforth takes reservation, and La Societe is great for mussels and people watching. What else do I should I experience before waking up from this summer dream and returning to my real life?
Here are my hates and loves:
Hate sushi (ducking the sushi you're throwing at me right now)Hate lining up for food (read: restaurants that are super-crowded with long wait times that don't take rezzies. Makes me feel like Oliver in the play, Oliver) Hate paying too much (I'm a teacher, remember?)Hate offal…just couldn't get into it, try as I did.
Love meat and veggies; total omnivoreLove being a locavore & "Canadian" cuisine. Yes, I think we do have a cuisine, but I'll save that for another dayLove finding new, cool places. Don't mind driving as long as it is in the 416 and NEAR 905.Love meals besides dinner-feel free to toss in your favorite brunch, lunch, and bakery joints.Love makin' my own stuff; any new foodie shops in the T.dot?
Ok. That's it. Now….go!
United Bakeries
For sure the pea soup. And the macaroni and cheese (if you're bringing kids…its the best in the city). And the pizza bagels. And the greek salad with spinach dressing.
Mother-daughter Ottawa trip
Just got back from the big trip. Thanks for all your suggestions…they were a great starting point for us. Here's the highlights of where we ended up:1. La Bottega in Byward Market. My daughter declared it the best lunch of her life.2. Beavertails…because we had to. And they really lived up to their hype. Maple butter is to die for!3. Tea at Zoes at the Chateau Laurier. I had the centennial menu on exactly the 100th anniversary (June 1) How cool is that? Such a special experience.4. Dinner at Fresco Bistro on Elgin St. I know…not the newest or hippest place, but it was really good food, comfortable and lively atmosphere, and within walking distance.
Now the "meh" places:1. Got the chili from stone soup food truck. Got the "kid" size to share with my daughter for a little snack. Man, was it spicy! I like spice but for a kids festival menu item? My 9-year-old couldn't take more than two bites.2. Cora's breakfast. I know its a chain but had heard good things (?). Next time I'll stick to that other great Canadian chain--Tims.
Love the city…can't wait to try some of the more "upscale" restaurants next time we're in town and my little princess is a little older.
Thanks for all these great suggestions. We are staying at the Arc hotel and are getting in around 8-9pm. Any suggestions for a quick late bite within walking distance of the hotel (5 min or.
Ontario asparagus-anyone bought it yet this year?
If my ontario produce chart is correct, 'tis the season for local asparagus. Yet all my local markets still only have asparagus from Mexico (that just seems wrong).
Anyone have any updates as to when/where I can get me some locally grown spears?
Looking for a KOSHER brisket
If you don't need strictly kosher, just kosher-style, Nortown has a great selection and will cut to fit your needs…not as expensive as Hartman's. Other than that, for strictly kosher, try the Sobey's near Yonge and Steeles.
2012 Oscar themed party
Every year I do an Oscar party with a menu based on the Best Picture Category. Here is this year's:
Here it is: Moneyball: Ballpark food, such as popcorn, peanuts, and hot dogs (piggies in a blanket).The Artist: Secret Kiss Cookies: They're black and white, romantic and sweet, just like the movie. War Horse: Devils on Horseback. The Descendants: Hawaiian fruit platter.The Help: (beside That Pie) Pecan pie-glazed pecans.Midnight in Paris: French MartiniHugo: Mini chocolate croissants & (decaf) coffeeThe Tree of Life: tortilla chips & salsa-the official state snack of Texas (who knew?)Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close: Pretzels with various mustards for dipping-the quintessential New York food that are incredibly loud to eat (I know...bad joke!).
crusty & chewy
Ribs from the Steak Pit.
EMERGENCY REQUEST FOR CHEAP WHITE BIRTHDAY CAKE
Thanks. There is a Longo's on my way home. Do you know which one it is from since I find the quality varies greatly in that chain? I am close to the York Mills & Leslie location.
I am also close to a Loblaws, Metro, and Valumart so anyone else wanna weigh in?
Where are you still eating that you were 20 years ago and is still good?
Scaramouche Pasta BarSteak PitSenior's SteakMistura (OMG…)
…and my guilty pleasures:Costo Hotdogs (I know they arer not the same brand as 20 years ago, but still tastes the same when eating one covered in saukraut while cruising the aislesSwiss Chalet (for sure their chickens are getting smaller and the sauce…not so much. But DAMN! are those chickens tasty)Cineplex movie theatre popcorn. After being in the States a lot over the past year, let me tell you that I appreciate the fresh popcorn and real butter (at least it tastes that way) that we've got here in T.dot.
So its my hubby's birthday tonight and he has requested the cheap white grocery store cake of his youth (otherwise known as his 30s). He is on a strict diet and has designated this his one day of the year to throw calorie caution to the wind
Loblaws used to have to best…is this still true?
So please, Chowhounds, I beg you to tear yourself away from dreams of offal (Black Hoof) and Tom Yum soup (Khao San Road) and HELP ME OUT!
PS. Just so you know how old-skool we're going tonight, the cake is to be served after ribs & salad with the two dressings mixed together at Steak Pit on Avenue rd.
What has happened to Whole Foods in Yorkville?
I second Fiesta Farms. But I also strongly recommend the plethora of Farmer's Markets that are open year round. I LOVE the Thurs. market at Dufferin Grove park and the Sat. market at Wychwood barns.
-----Fiesta Farms200 Christie St, Toronto, ON M6G, CA
Craving great gnocchi
My favorite gnocci in the city is at La Bruschetta on St. Clair. Wonderful family restaurant.
-----La Bruschetta1317 St Clair Ave W, Toronto, ON M6E1C2, CA
New Burger Joint @ Yonge & St. Clair - BYO Artery widener!.
For a senior lady of "plainer" tastes- lunch in St Clair/Vic Park Scarboro area???
I know that this may not be geographically desireable, but my mother-in-law, who is the plainest, old-school woman I know LOVES the Arcadian court at The Bay. She has been going there for the past 30 years for her anniversary.
What have I missed?
For sure! I've got plenty of time for road trips this summer.
I actually had one of those delicious churros over the winter. They are super-yummy. Will make my way back there soon. Thanks!
Due?
Rhubarb plants
I second that. Got me one there over the weekend...along with TONS of other gorgeous fruit & veggie plants.
2011 Food and Resto CLOSINGS619 Kingston Rd W, Ajax, ON L1S6L8, CA
Top Chef Canada Ep 1 [also has discussion of episode 2].
Toronto great, not just good, food recs - HELP!
Wow. Where do I start? Despite what you may read here, I think Toronto has amazing food & I am a huge fan. With a small kid, Pizza Margarheta, a restaurant in China Town, such as Lee Garden, St. Lawrence Market (try to go during the week, they are way too busy on a Saturday and closed on Sunday), The Brickworks farmer's Market on Saturday (I know...two farmer's markets? But Brickworks often has awesome chefs making fresh, local food there on the weekend).
That's all I can contribute before my coffee...more later maybe.
-----St. Lawrence Market92 Front St E, Toronto, ON M5E, CA
Lee Garden Restaurant331 Spadina Ave, Toronto, ON M5T2E9, CA
Who makes the best chocolate cake?
Sold. I have no choice but to try it now.
Apple Fritter Search!
This may sound weird, but I really like the apple fritters from Starbucks. Ask them to warm it up for you a bit. Deelish!.
Location:
Toronto.
Profile
Best meal I ever ate:
Pizza by the side of the road in Rome or Palm Beach Grill in Palm Beach, Fla.
My current drink of choice:
Vodka soda with a splash of fresh lemonade
I really wish I could:
get over my fear of deep frying and candy making
My "Go-to" dinner party dish:
bbq'ed tomato basil pizza.
My favorite comfort food:
Pizza (savory) Vanilla cake with Buttercream icing (sweet)
My top 5 favorite restaurants:
Scaramouche Pasta Bar, Bymark, Canoe, Lee Garden, Bistro on Avenue, Laterna
My most tattered cookbooks:
Clueless in the Kitchen or Magnolia Bakery
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseWho We Are
The Family Schools Program (FSP) is a ministry of Covenant Life Church that provides support and oversight to homeschooling families who are members of a local church. We help prepare students for life by articulating a vision of academic excellence, establishing systems of mutual accountability, coordinating group activities,
facilitating entrance into higher education and the workplace, and urging students and parents alike to live for the glory of God. For more information about the Family Schools Program, visit the FSP website.
Our Purpose
The Family Schools Program is designed to…
- Provide the opportunity to homeschool under the legal requirements of the Maryland State Department of Education (COMAR 13A.10.01.05)
- Support and encourage parents as educators
- Foster fellowship among home school families
- Offer supplemental opportunities for students
- Offer a pool of resources and services
- Motivate with accountability
FSP is recognized by the Maryland State Department of Education as an institution responsible to review home schooling students enrolled in its program. In a given school year approximately 200 families are enrolled in the program. Led by the FSP Administrator, the Program is governed by a Board composed of FSP Member families. Each year two families from each level of schooling are asked to make a one year service commitment to help shape policies and program decisions. Board members meet quarterly. FSP Families are encouraged to provide input to Parent Advisory Board members to help enhance the Program.
For more information on homeschooling requirements in Maryland, visit Homeschooling in Maryland.
Contact Information
Rita Hoover, FSP Administrator
rhoover@covlife.org
240-683-5178
Candy Smith, FSP Administrative Assistant
csmith@covlife.org
240-683-5178A popular trend in recent years among companies involved in the high-priced game of Super Bowl advertising is releasing teasers. Short clips often tell part of the story but leave people wanting more, so that they are on the lookout during the big game.
Whether taking away some of the suspense factor is a smart move is up for debate. Ian Crouch of The New Yorker passed along comments from Volkswagen of America's Justin Osbourne, the general manager of brand and marketing communications, who said it all comes down to total views in the end.
"The surprise factor doesn't matter as it once did," he told Crouch. "Our goals are about how many total views we can get. To assume that that is going to happen within forty-eight hours is cutting yourself pretty short."
Not every advertiser agrees, but it's definitely becoming a more popular approach. With that in mind, let's take an early look at some brands that could end up in the running for best ad based on the teasers they have released ahead of Super Bowl Sunday.
M&M's
This is a perfect teaser. One of the biggest problems companies face when coming up with the previews is striking the right balance between creating intrigue without totally giving away the commercial. Some mystery needs to remain.
By having one of its walking, talking M&M's tranquilized and pulled off the screen, the company forces people to wonder what happens next and influences them to watch television during the breaks in the game, waiting for the answer.
Based on the teaser, with Yellow setting up his own camera and then starting to dance, it seems something geared toward ending the "selfie" craze. But, as a good teaser should, it leaves more questions than answers in a humorous way.
Wonderful Pistachios
Wonderful Pistachios has done a nice job with its advertising campaign by bringing in notable celebrities to help hawk the product. The commercials themselves are usually rather simple with a quick slogan and a voice-over.
What commercial are you most looking forward to?
Based on the teaser, it sounds like bigger things could be in store for the Super Bowl ad, which will be headlined by Stephen Colbert. The popular television host might also have a guest star in the likes of an eagle, sticking with the American theme of his character.
Unlike the M&M's teaser, this one doesn't shed any light on what will actually happen, but showcasing Colbert is a start. Between him and an ad team that's had success, it's hard to believe they wouldn't hit the final spot out of the park.
Budweiser
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the brewer of Budweiser, has a total of five commercials lined up for the Super Bowl between Bud and Bud Light, according to Ad Age. Most of that ad time will be spent trying to sell their products with celebrities and animals.
This teaser certainly showcases something way different, though. It puts the focus on the troops who are returning home, and how they should be honored for their sacrifice to the country. The commercial concept has already caught the eye of Adweek:
.@Budweiser gives a single soldier a hero's welcome home in Super Bowl spot. Teaser here: pic.twitter.com/PVZe8JrF8P— Adweek (@Adweek) January 28, 2014
Putting the spotlight on those returning home during an event which is watched by a massive television audience is the right thing to do. Hopefully the full spot during the game builds off what is already a very strong preview.BurntCitrus Notebooks23 May 2014 Poetas por Kilometro2 2014: NYC In the summer of 2013, while at one of my favourite bookstores in Madrid, a conversation started with Pepe, the owner of Arrebato Libros. Pepe told me about the project Poetas por Kilometro2, a travelling poetry festival that he organises that is celebrated annually around the world. Pepe mentioned to me that he was looking toCONTINUE READINGSANDUSKY
The federal government is investigating former city employee Mark Warren.
On April 1, the Office of Inspector General for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development issued a subpoena to city officials to turn over "any and all documents" relating to the Community Housing Improvement Program.
According to Carrie Handy, the city's chief planner, the government confiscated 30 boxes of files later that month.
Although the federal agents gave the city enough time to inventory the documents, there wasn't enough time to make copies, she said.
Since that time, the Inspector General's office also has subpoenaed company files from at least three of the seven contractors who worked with Warren on the CHIP program.
Both federal and city officials confirmed an investigation is ongoing, but officials couldn't give a timetable when charges might be brought.
"We'd rather it be sooner than later," said Don Iscman, the city's law director. "But (the Inspector General's office) is shorthanded and short-staffed like everyone else. ... I expect it might be a while longer."
According to Handy, Warren and the contractors stole hundreds of thousands of dollars from the city -- possibly more.
Between 2004 and 2006, the city received $1.5 million in CHIP grants, as well as $500,000 in Community Block Development Grants.
The city had to give $63,000 in funds back to the government, but the other $1.937 million was used for the housing programs.
Handy said the contractors charged the city for unnecessary and expensive projects -- which Warren, the city's housing rehabilitation specialist, approved -- and then provided shoddy work or no work at all to the houses. Nearly every house -- and possibly all of them -- received inadequate work, she said.
"You went to the houses, and you wondered if these people even knew what straight lines were or what right angles were," she said.
The seven contractors involved in the program were New Horizon Development, Porter Home Improvement, Helmstetter Home Improvement, Girasol Remodeling, Allicock Construction, E & M Remodeling and Boger Quality Builders.
Handy, who had to provide significant evidence to government officials before they would take the case, said all seven contractors provided suspect work.
Nonetheless, she couldn't say whether they were all involved in a scam to steal money from the city, or they were just incompetent.
In one instance, a contractor ignored a faulty foundation "and the house could have caved in," she said. Instead, they replaced relatively new windows with cheaper windows and charged the city an exorbitant amount of money.
They billed $700 for a water heater at one home and $2,700 for a water heater at another home.
Victoria Irby sued the city -- and the suit is still pending -- because she needed a $1,200 repair for her roof and ended up receiving $25,000 in shoddy repairs, including a whole new roof. Her roof now leaks worse than ever.
"What they really did is hurt the homeowners," Handy said, because the homeowners have to pay the government back when they sell their houses. If they stay in their houses five years, then they only have to reimburse the government for 50 percent of the repairs. But for someone like Irby, that is $12,500.
The Inspector General's office couldn't "confirm or deny an ongoing investigation," but the subpoenas indicated an investigation was ongoing, Iscman said.
According to Ohio Revised Code Sections 2913.02 and 2929.14, if Warren is found guilty of embezzling more than $500,000, he would face two to 10 years in prison.
But a federal official said defendants often make deals in cases like this. Warren could name contractors who have violated the law, he said, and in return he could receive a reduced sentence.Pens Catch Habs – NHL News And Scores For March 15th..By the time state officials this week offered a preview of the latest public school ratings, revealing in part that two Jefferson Parish public schools will newly be declared "academically unacceptable," educators in the Jefferson school system had already seen it coming and launched reforms.
"It was very disappointing to learn officially that they were academically unacceptable," said Richard Carpenter, deputy superintendent for instruction. But, he said, "We were able to forecast that. It didn't surprise us."
West Jefferson High School and Woodmere Elementary, both in Harvey, were among 31 schools statewide that dropped into the unacceptable range for the first time. West Jefferson had an overall performance score of 62 for 2010-11, while Woodmere scored 64.
That placed them higher than the bottom rating under standards that applied through 2009-10. Schools then had to reach 60. But for the most recent academic year, the state raised the cutoff to 65, leaving the two schools below the line.
West Jefferson previously made the mark, but lost ground this year. Woodmere gained ground but not enough.
Carpenter said Jefferson administrators don't begrudge the bar moving. A score of 65, he said, is a reasonable expectation. If a school lingers at the unacceptable level for four years, the state requires reforms, including a possible state takeover.
Knowing that the scores were lacking, Jefferson officials included Woodmere in their successful application for a federal school turnaround grant. The $8.6 million grant finances reforms at Woodmere and seven other schools.
Woodmere is getting a new principal and changing at least half of its staff. It also will begin using a teacher incentive pay plan that ties bonuses to classroom evaluations of instructors and student performance on tests. A turnaround officer supervising the group of schools will provide extra attention to their efforts.
West Jefferson was not included in the federal grant, but Jefferson officials created their own turnaround plan for four high schools, including the Harvey campus, that is prompting a 15 percent staff turnover there and the oversight of another turnaround officer.
Carpenter said the centerpiece of the reforms is that principals are receiving unprecedented authority to reshape their faculties, and teachers only move to schools they choose under an arrangement called "mutual consent."
"It's going to contribute to a changed climate on those campuses," he said. "Things are not automatic. It's based on performance."
Carpenter was less accepting of another new set of labels. For the first time, the state is assigning ratings to alternative schools that serve students with chronic learning and discipline problems.
All six alternative schools the Jefferson system runs directly got listed as unacceptable.
The Jefferson Chamber Foundation Academy, which operates under a separate charter and focuses on expediting course completion and graduation for high school students who dropped out or are teetering toward quitting, also got hit with the unflattering rating.
Only the Jefferson Community School in Shrewsbury, a school for expelled middle school students that also operates independently under a charter, avoided the failing designation among the parish's corrective-oriented schools, although it was placed on the next-to-lowest rung, the academic watch list.
Because those schools are designated for struggling students, the labels present a distorted view of their efforts, even if the ratings do prompt educators to review the programs and look for ways to improve, Carpenter argued. He said it's an issue Jefferson officials likely will raise with state officials.
"We're using the same system to evaluate a school, but the composition of the student body is different," he said.
Carpenter noted that the Ralph Bunche Academy for High School Preparation in Metairie and the St. Ville Academy for High School Preparation Harvey, for example, specifically enroll students whose performance is lagging.
"We started those programs knowing that those students are two or three grade levels behind academically," Carpenter said. "Those are the students who attend that school."
Across the West Bank, the Algiers Charter Schools Association had one school, McDonogh 32, that dropped to unacceptable with a score of 62.1. It scored a 60 in 2009-10.
The association is undertaking a reform plan there that includes a new principal, a strategy of tailoring instruction to individual students' needs, the enhanced use of technology with game-style educational software and installation of a math curriculum that has succeeded in other schools, said David Jackson, association spokesman.
While McDonogh 32 fell short of the bar, two other schools managed by ACSA in 2010-11, Algiers Technology Academy and Harriet Tubman Elementary, pulled themselves out of the unacceptable category. The association will no longer manage Tubman in the coming school year, but it used similar turnaround practices there and at the technology academy, Jackson said.Hollandaise Sauce Recipe | Rada Cutlery Kitchen Mother Sauce #5
How to Make a Hollandaise Sauce
Hollandaise is the last of the French Mother sauces. It is characterized by a rich buttery lemon taste and it is used most commonly with making eggs Benedict. It can be an intimidating sauce at first glance, but these instructions will help you be a pro in no time!
Ingredients Needed:
- 1 pound of clarified butter (explained below)
- juice from 1/2 a lemon
- 1 ounce cold water, as needed
- 6 egg yolks
- salt and cayenne pepper, to taste
Before you begin, you need to prepare your clarified butter (directions below). Once you have the clarified butter ready to go, add it to either a small bowl or a squeeze bottle.
Start out by creating a double boiler set up with a pot of boiling water and a stainless steel bowl over it. This heat is what you will need to cook the eggs through the process. Add the egg yolks to the bowl and start whisking.
Squeeze the lemon over the eggs while still whisking. Start adding your clarified butter (explained below) while still whisking. As a tips, do not but in more butter than eggs, there should be a little less butter than eggs.
Add a little water when the sauce starts to thicken up, you don’t want it too thin or too thick.
Add a pinch of cayenne pepper and salt to the mix and continue whisking. This will give the sauce a little color and a nice richness.
Now the sauce is ready to go! Hollandaise is most commonly used in making eggs Benedict, but it is also often served over asparagus and other vegetables.
It is also the mother sauce for Bearnaise sauce, which is commonly served with steak. You can make a Bearnaise by using tarragon vinegar instead of lemon juice and cayenne pepper. You will also cut up some tarragon to add to the sauce.
Hollandaise Sauce Facts:
- Hollandaise is the “newest” of the mother sauces
- Here is the tradition French pronunciation of the word: oh/lah~/dehz
- No one knows for sure whether this sauce started in the Netherlands or France
- Sauces similar to Hollandaise have been appearing in cookbooks since the 1500s
Here are links to the other mother sauce recipes:
What is clarified butter?.
Rada Cutlery Knives
Knives is what Rada Cutlery is most well-known for! We have been manufacturing knives and cutlery since 1948, in the little town of Waverly, Iowa. All the knives are 100% American made, right in our factory. All of our knives have a lifetime guarantee, because we believe in in delivering high quality products to our customers.
You can find all of our knives on our website RadaCutlery.com
Here are some Rada Cutlery items you’ll want to have if you’re making any kind of sauce:
Handi-Stir – use this utensil to whisk sauces together
Non-Scratch Cook’s Spoon – a great tool to use when stirring sauces
Instructional Video:
In this video, Chef Blake has some great tips for better understanding this recipe!
Hollandaise Sauce Video Transcript:
Hello and welcome back to Rada’s Test Kitchen. My name is Blake and we’re going to continue on with our mother sauce series. Today we’re going to make Hollandaise. We’re going to use clarified butter, some egg yolks, a metal mixing bowl over steam, some cayenne pepper, some lemon juice, and a little bit of water.
So what we have here is our stainless steel mixing bowl sitting over a pot of water. Right now I have some stock in there but I boiled it, shut it off and then put the bowl on there. The steam should be hot enough to cook these eggs a little bit for our hollandaise sauce. You want to keep this moving. I’m using the Rada Handi-Stir. You’ll want to get these egg yolks whipped up and turn a little white in color.
I have a lemon wedge, I’m going to juice a little lemon in there. Citric acid helps with the flavor and binding two liquids. You can see that it’s lightened in color and frothed up. Now we’ve got the clarified butter. If you warm it up nice and slow, and let the milk separate from the fat. If you take those out by using a ladle and skimming off the top surface or using a mixture of browning the milk salads and getting them out. Just want to add, like our mayo video, no more butter than there’s actual egg yolk mixture. So add it so it’s fully incorporated then add a little more. It’s the same concept as mayo, but there’s just different flavor. Different outcome.
In the restaurant, we don’t generally hand-mix it. If we were there, we’d use a blender. You can see how it’s thickening up. That’s why I have my water here, kind of add some water to it. Get that nice texture you’re looking for. Then we have some cayenne pepper, get a little richness to it, and a pinch of salt. Should have a nice stream to it. Comes right off the whisk. The hollandaise sauce can go with anything to eggs benedict to green vegetables, asparagus or broccoli. It’s a nice thick, buttery mix with some acidity to it. It makes it very very tasty. This is just an example of a couple things you can put the sauce with.
Today I used the hollandaise sauce that goes with the greens and eggs Benedict. You can also convert by omitting the lemon juice and replacing with tarragon vinegar that you could find at your local market, taking some fresh tarragon, chopping it up in there and it makes a béarnaise sauce. That goes with beef like a tenderloin or really any steak. Give it a shot, leave us some feedback in the comments.
End of Hollandaise Sauce Video Transcript
Dec 23rd show
- Login or register to post comments
- Download audio file 07/01/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 06/24/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 06/10/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 06/03/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 05/27/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 05/20/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 05/13/2014
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 05/06/2014
WILLIE NELSON & ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL / Fan It / Willie & the Wheel / 2009 Bismeaux
JOY KILLS SORROW / New Shoes / Darkness Sure Becomes This City / 2010 Signature Sounds
CALEB KLAUDER / Worn Out Shoes / Western Country / 2010 West Sound Records
RED STICK RAMBLERS / That's What I Like ABout The South / Right Key, Wrong Key Hole / 2005 Memphis International
THE TUTTLES & AJ LEE / My Window Faces the South (feat. Brittany Haas) / Endless Ocean / 2013 Back Studio Records
CROOKED STILL / Darling Corey / Hop High / 2007 Signature Sounds
ROOSEVELT DIME / Deep Elem Blues / Full Head of Steam / 2014 Roosevelt Dime
KATE WOLF / Cornflower Blue / Weaver of Visions-the Kate Wolf Anthology / 2000 Rhino
THE NITTY GRITTY DIRT BAND / You are My Flower / Will the Circle Be Unbroken / 1972 Capitol
D.L. MENARD / Wildwood Flower / Louisiana Spice, Country Disc / 1995 Rounder (various artists)
(PLEDGE BREAK)
STEFAN GROSSMAN / Turn Your Money Green / My Creole Belle / 2012 Stefan Grossman's Guitar Workshop
THE KINGSTON TRIO / Greenback Dollar / Kingston Trio Greatest Hits / 1990 Curb
ROY BOOK BINDER / Friend Like Me / Bookeroo! / 1988 Rounder
(PLEDGE BREAK)
KATE & ANNA MCGARRIGLE / Green Green Rocky Road (feat. Emmylou Harris and Loudon Wainwright III) / The McGarrigle Hour / 1998 Hannibal
LUCINDA WILLIAMS / Angels Laid Him Away / Avalon Blues: A Tribute to Mississippi John Hurt / 2001 Vanguard (various artists)
ROBIN & LINDA WILLIAMS / Green Summertime / Back 40 / 2013 Red House Records
(PLEDGE BREAK)
SID SELVIDGE / Long Tall Mama / A Little Bit of Rain / 2003 / Archer Records
LAUREN SHEEHAN / I Wish I Could Shimmy Like My Sister Kate / The Light Still Burns / 2013 Wilson River
(PLEDGE BREAK)
DAVE MOORE / I'll Be All Right / Jukejoints & Cantinas / 1985 Red House Records
STEFAN GROSSMAN / Down South Blues / My Creole Belle / 2012 Stefan Grossman's Guitar Workshop
Early Morning Gumbo playlist for 04/29/2014!
From.)
4 comments:
Mark Steyn is absolutely brilliant. Gotta latch onto some of his books one of these days.
I wouldn't be surprised if his presidency is summated in the history books with simply the photo of he bowing to whatever oil-rich goatherder that was.
Jim
History will come to label Bambi as 'President Reacharound'.
I wish the world would hurry up and end. There are few things more annoying than a prolonged whimper.advertisement
.../ 953UM_ E421VO. pdf
Download the Document
File Size: 3.98 MB
File Size: 3.98 MB
We hope you like our service. Recommend it to your friends.
Table of contents
View All
• Chapter 1 Setting Up Your HDTV
• Attaching the TV Stand
• Wall Mounting your HDTV
• Chapter 2 Basic Controls and Connections
• Front Panel
• Side Panel Controls
• Rear Panel Connections
• Chapter 3 VIZIO Remote Control
• Installing the Batteries
• Remote Control Range
• VIZIO Remote Control Precautions
• Remote Control Buttons
• Chapter 4 Getting Started
• Chapter 5 Using your HDTV for the first time
• Select Input Source
• Watching a TV Program
• Viewing Digital TV Program Information
• Chapter 6 Connecting Equipment
• Which Video Connection Should I Use
• Connecting Your Cable or Satellite Box
• Using HDMI (Best)
• HDMI Connections for Cable or Satellite Boxes with DVI
• Using Component Video (Better)
• Using Composite Video (Good)
• Using Coaxial (Antenna) (Good)
• Connecting Your DVD Player
• HDMI Connections for DVD Players with DVI
• Using Composite (AV) Video (Good)
• Connecting Coaxial (RF)
• Using Your Antenna or Digital Cable for Standard or Digital...
• Connecting Your VCR or Video Camera
• Connecting a Home Theater System
• Using RCA
• Connecting the cables
• Turning TV speakers off
• Using Optical (S/PDIF)
• Connecting a Computer
• Using RGB (VGA)
• Using HDMI
• Chapter 7 Viewing Pictures
• Viewing Pictures
• Slideshow Mode
• Repeat
• Sort By
• Duration
• Slideshow Effect
• Thumbnail Size
• Info
• Chapter 8 Adjusting Your HDTV Settings
• Using the On-screen Display (OSD)
• Input Menu
• Wide Menu
• Normal
• Wide
• Panoramic
• Stretch
• CC (Closed Caption) Menu
• Adjust closed caption options
• Analog Closed Caption
• Digital Closed Caption
• Digital CC Style
• Sleep Timer Menu
• Picture Menu
• Picture Mode
• Backlight
• Brightness
• Contrast
• Color
• Tint
• Sharpness
• More
• Audio Mode
• Balance
• Lip Sync
• TV Speakers
• Advanced Audio
• Equalizer Settings
• Reset Audio Mode
• Settings Menu
• Tuner
• Partial Channel Search
• Name Input
• Parental Controls
• CEC
• Media Menu
• VIZIO E421VO User Manual
• System Info
• Reset TV Settings
• Clear Memory (Factory Default)
• Chapter 9 Maintenance and Troubleshooting
• Cleaning the TV and Remote Control
• Troubleshooting Guide
• Telephone & Technical Support
• Compliance
• FCC Class B Radio Interference Statement
• Chapter 10 Specifications
• Specifications
• Preset PC Resolutions
• Resolution through RGB Input
• Warranty
View All
Ads related to Vizio E421VO
What are the calibration settings for vizio E421VO?
The numbers are unique for each television, each type of cable connection and each source device (cable box, sat receiver, bluray player, game system, etc ...
READ FULL ARTICLE »
42" Vizio E421VO does not power on- no lights. Technical.
Hello tv-forums I'm a fan of Ron.M's work here! I searched for "E421V" but there appears to be no threads for this relatively new TV. I figured I'd go ahead and start ...
READ FULL ARTICLE »
42" Vizio E421VO will not power on - AVS Forum
Hello, it's good to be here. I searched for "E421V" but there appears to be no threads for this relatively new TV. I figured I'd go ahead and start a thread about ...
READ FULL ARTICLE »
Ads related to Vizio E421VOSazerac's other distillery, the Barton facility in Bardstown, is not nearly as well-known as the Buffalo Trace side of things. Ken Pierce, not Harlan Wheatley, is distilling over in Bardstown, making a high-rye Bourbon called 1792 Ridgemont, a softer, smoother, yet more peppery version of Bourbon than what we're used to from BT. Lots of tasty oak integration and a wonderful mix of spice and richness make this another feather in the cap of America's top BourbonNew York, NYUSA 10009
January 23, 2013
Sponsorhub.com
No answer yet
Marketing Intern For Sponsorhub.com PR/Marketing Intern for TheMeeGroup.com, Avid iOS user with intentions taken care of tech questions.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyEverett -- All 28 of the Oso mudslide victims who perished at or near the scene of the March 22 natural disaster died of blunt force trauma, rather than suffocating or drowning, according to the Snohomish County Medical Examiner’s Office.
So far, medical examiners have been able to identify 23 of the victims and have “forensically identified” four more people. The identity of one male victim remains a mystery, according to Detective Ed Troyer, the public information officer for the Pierce County Sheriff’s Department.
One of the mudslide victims died soon after the incident while being transported to King County, bringing the current total death toll to 29. Thirteen people remain unaccounted for, a number Troyer said is subject to change.
“There’s a combination of anything that could happen with those 13 names,” Troyer said. “Even though we have those 13 peoples’ names out there, that doesn’t mean there aren’t more that nobody’s told us about yet.”
The Everett-based Snohomish County Medical Examiner’s office uses a variety of methods to identify bodies, including identifying victims through old broken bones, dental records, piercings and tattoos. The office is staffed with forensic and medical experts, and has received assistance from King, Pierce and Skagit counties in handling the mudslide aftermath.
“These are methodical, painstaking processes that we go through,” said Norman Thiersch, the chief medical examiner.
Troyer stressed that respect was the common theme of the medical examinations. Great care is taken at each stage of the process of handling human remains, Troyer said.
-- Conor King DevittAll Posts In raven » Brooklyn Bodega
- 10Jun
BHF Project Manager Speaks Out….In A Good Way
Brooklyn Bodega Project Manager Jon Heredia talks with Bodega’s Raven the Blazin Eurasian about his background and the upcoming BROOKLYN HIP-HOP FESTIVAL. Jon is able to offer a unique inside view of the Bodega and what makes it great.Read more →By Evan in Uncategorized · Videos Comments Off
- 10Mar
Interview with Bucktown's Finest, GENERAL STEELE
Raven and General Steele talk artists, music careers, and the making of his new album, AMERIKKKA’S NIGHTMARE Part 2. (Check out the Duck Down Records poster in the background.)Read more →By Evan in Opinion · Videos 1 Comment »
- 01Mar
Raven and Jahara Interview Uncle Ralph at Bowery Tribute
The Bodega TV team was out at the Bowery Poetry Club when Initiative Radio and Wes honored Uncle Ralph. Check out the InterviewRead more →
- 25Feb
2nd Round Knockout
Raven gets an exclusive with Canibus and talks with him about many things, including his new album “Melatonin Magik.”Read more →
- 29Jan
Mind, Body and Soul – 2 Live Interviews from the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn
The Bodega’s own Raven the Blazin Eurasian get her Barbara Walters on at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn as she interviews Jeru and Dres at the Mind, Body and Soul event. Jeru and Raven Dres and RavenRead more →By Evan in Uncategorized · Videos Comments Off
- 26Jan
Lots of Wattage Here – Johnny Voltik Interview
Raven gets electric with Johnny VoltikRead more →By Evan in Uncategorized · Videos 2 Comments »
- 04Dec
Rakim Live from BB King's
Jahara and Raven captured this footage of the god Rakim at BB King’s. Check it outRead more →
- 02Dec
Mightier than the Sword – Poison Pen with Raven
Brooklyn Bodega’s own Raven the Blazin’ Eurasian catches up with Brooklyn son POISON PEN outside of Southpaw in Brooklyn after the Idle Warship show.Read more →
- 01Dec
NILES Smiles – Raven and NILES
Brooklyn Bodega’s own Raven the Blazin’ Eurasian talks with Michigan rapper NILES outside of Southpaw in Brooklyn after the Idle Warship showRead more →
- 01Dec
Raven speaks with Rebel Star
Brooklyn Bodega’s own Raven the Blazin’ Eurasian talks with rap trio Rebel Starr outside of Southpaw in Brooklyn after the Idle Warship show.Read more →Booties in all shapes and sizes are a clear-cut favorite here at Shopbop. Our staffers stepped out in studded, strappy, and open-toe silhouettes as soon as the temperatures dropped last week. Always comfortable and stylish enough to pass fashion muster, booties make perfect sense for long work days.
--Libby S.
Shop designer booties.Worries about the Federal Reserve's plan to alter its monetary policy pushed mortgage rates over the 4.5 percent rate for the benchmark 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage.
Freddie Mac said the average rate on those loans was 4.58 percent, a new high for this year, and compares with 4.40 percent last week and 3.68 percent in the same week a year ago.Richland Township residents may have thought their worries about a zoning ordinance change were over, but they were wrong.
The Richland Township Board of Trustees will attempt to resolve a motion to decrease setbacks for public utilities and services at a special meeting, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday, March 25, at the township office, 1180 Hemlock.
At the board's Tuesday, March 11, meeting, a board member made a motion to approve the Richland Township Planning Commission's recommendation that the township drop setbacks to 100 feet from a property line and 250 feet from an existing structure. No one seconded the motion, however, so the issue remains unresolved.
Richland Township officials began the process of changing their zoning ordinance after Novi-based International Transmission Corp.'s plans to build an electricity substation in the township caused them to re-evaluate the ordinance, which calls for a 500 feet setback from the property line and a 750 feet setback from existing structures.
After the board declined action on the motion, many residents believed it was dead, said Matthew B. Bray, a township resident who lives near the proposed site of the substation. He said he is worried members of the township board, who are in favor of the ordinance, will try to influence those who are on the fence before Tuesday's meeting.
Township manager Renee R. Herhold said board members must make and approve a motion to either decline or approve the planning commission's recommendation on the zoning ordinance, so it can either get changed or sent back to the planning commission for more work.
Several township residents voiced objections to the proposed ordinance change at the March 11 meeting, requesting that the township give a variance to ITC instead of changing the entire ordinance.
They also said they worry the proposed setbacks are too small, and if the changes to the ordinance pass, ITC will build its substation too close to their homes and families.
Township Supervisor Joel F. Wardin said the ordinance change includes language that would allow the planning commission to impose larger setbacks as necessary. He added the change is necessary regardless of what ITC decides to do, as the old ordinance limits new development in Richland. total splurge? The Mandarin Oriental in the Time Warner Center at Columbus Circle is like an exquisite present in a great big box....
323 Reviews
Hotel Gansevoort
18 9th Avenue
18 9th Avenue
Hotel Gansevoort, in the Meatpacking District, is for iPad-carrying scenesters who are so today they're tomorrow. Complimentary bikes are...
454 Reviews
Sofitel New York
45 West 44th Street
45 West 44th Street
The Sofitel New York is brilliantly located at 45 West 44th, just off of Fifth Avenue and a few blocks from most Broadway theaters. It's a step...
2291 Reviews
The Lucerne Hotel
201 West 79th Street
201 West 79th Street
The Lucerne is a lovely hotel on the Upper West Side at 79th and Amsterdam that offers a good bang for the buck, although some rooms can be...
555 Reviews
Americana Inn
69 West 38th Street
69 West 38th Street
The Americana Inn is located below Times Square at 38th Street, between Fifth and Sixth Avenues. It's the less expensive sister of a...
399 Reviews
Comfort Inn Central Park West
31 West 71st Street
31 West 71st Street
The affordable Comfort Inn Central Park West is located west of Central Park at 31 West 71st Street, in the heart of the Upper West Side....
459 Reviews]
F*** Cancer!
(and I read your blog on my computer, have no idea what a full or partial feed means!)
Posted by: Naomi Melnyk | January 11, 2011 at 12:07 AM
I don't use a feed reader to read blogs at all. I know, I know, I'm a dinosaur. But it's important to me to VISIT the sites I read. It's important to me to see the photos and the formatting because I know effort went into those. It's important to me to comment if I have time (Unfortunately, lately I haven't had much time to comment. I kind of miss being famous for GYOB comments.)
However I must confess that I've been so overwhelmed by the chaos of life recently that I've been tempted by the siren song of RSS. It WOULD make my life more organized . . .
But even if cave to using a reader I would never get mad at someone for publishing partial feeds.
Posted by: Jaelithe | January 11, 2011 at 12:04 AM
Commenting. Cancer sucks. That is all.
Posted by: Misty | January 11, 2011 at 12:04 AM
I would love to click through, but yours is the only one I follow that doesn't show a valid hyperlink in the feed email so i can get there with my phone. Since most of my pleasure reading is done when I am waiting somewhere or sneak into the bathroom with my phone i have to wait until i get computer tme to go to the site. So, for my convenience, would love to be able to read the whole post in the email feed. :). Thanks for donating.
Posted by: Cara | January 10, 2011 at 11:42 PM
I prefer full feeds, but completely understand why you want to protect your work. And cancer can suck it.
Posted by: squorkymama | January 10, 2011 at 11:30 PM
I guess I'm not blog savvy enough yet to really get what the big deal is between a full feed and a partial. I don't really understand what the debate is for. Does it matter that much? But kuddos to you for your donation. Glad I can help!
Posted by: Shannon | January 10, 2011 at 11:24 PM
I prefer full feeds but I click through on the few people that have partial feeds. I'm just notorious for not closing windows so partial feeds sometimes cause me to have about 20 tabs open.
I figure if you want to read it, then you will be willing to click through.
Posted by: Hallie | January 10, 2011 at 11:09 PM
Who knew? Full vs. Partial...never would have crossed my mind!
Thanks for donating!
Posted by: alana | January 10, 2011 at 11:09 PM
What an amazing gesture (me clicking over to your post...oh, and you raising $$ too) :)
Posted by: Kate @ SurroundedByPenises | January 10, 2011 at 11:07 PM
Who knew it was such a huge debate? If I really like the blog, I don't mind partial feeds. I'll click over.
Posted by: Thien-Kim | January 10, 2011 at 11:06 PM
Cancer stinks...thanks for supporting CAC!!
Posted by: SHutson | January 10, 2011 at 10:58 PM
I click through on those posts from people I usually read. It doesn't take that much time to click over and I know why bloggers have partial feeds, so it doesn't bother me.
Posted by: elz | January 10, 2011 at 10:37 PM
Leaving a comment to say hello about the wonderful thing you are doing for Crickett's Answer!
Posted by: Leticia- Tech Savvy Mama | January 10, 2011 at 10:37 PM
Cool idea. I love that you take something that's already going on (or about to be going on) and turn it into something awesome.
Posted by: Brenda | January 10, 2011 at 10:29 PM
Anything to help those with cancer!
Posted by: Dawg | January 10, 2011 at 10:12 PM
This is so, so awesome. Thanks for doing this!
Posted by: Justice Fergie | January 10, 2011 at 10:10 PM
Awesome!!!!! Love your blog!!! P.S. Cancer can suck it!
Posted by: Brooke | January 10, 2011 at 10:03 PM
You're one of the very few sites with partial feeds that I read. Why do you make the shortlist? Because most of the time you grab my interest with your title and excerpt. When my interest isn't piqued, I don't click through. Easy enough.
Posted by: Jaz @ Odd Mom | January 10, 2011 at 09:51 PM
Full feeds rule - cancer stinks!
Posted by: Rebecca | January 10, 2011 at 09:48 PM
I do partial feeds. I also hate cancer. So that's two things we have in common. :)
Posted by: Lara | January 10, 2011 at 09:46 PM
I have to say, you're one of many partial feeds in my reader, but I always click to see what you have to say. Even more than I click for Mom 101! :D
I heard a good comment for cancer today, "triumphantly whomping" cancer!
Posted by: Krystina | January 10, 2011 at 09:35 PM
Partial feeds are annoying, but here's the thing. If your writing sucks, having a full feed doesn't mean I'll follow you. And if your writing is awesome, I'll click through every time. You, WouldaShoulda, Mom101. All partials, and all in my folder of "OMGNEWPOSTGOREADIT"
Posted by: BKC | January 10, 2011 at 09:31 PM
I like the full feed because it's saves me a little bit of time using a reader instead of flipping blog to blog. That said, if I know the writing is good or a title is very eye-catching I'll always click thru.
Thanks for donating to such a great organization.
Posted by: Allison | January 10, 2011 at 09:29 PM
I clicked over from Liz@ThisFullHouse. Hurray for you for raising funds for cancer patients!
Posted by: SurprisedMom | January 10, 2011 at 09:28 PM
Fantastic! I don't mind clicking through, in case you're keeping count. ;)
Posted by: Molly | January 10, 2011 at 09:19 PM
If I like a blog, I click. End of story.
Also... fuck cancer.
xo
Posted by: foodmomiac | January 10, 2011 at 09:10 PM
Heres hoping you get to 500. In regards to full V partial feeds, I could careless. I'm happy to clink through an interesting post.
Posted by: Corey Feldman | January 10, 2011 at 09:03 PM
Who knew blog feeds were such a touchy topic.
At least we all can agree that cancer sucks. Thanks for supporting such a great cause.
Posted by: Amy | January 10, 2011 at 09:01 PM
Ha! I have no clue what a partial feed is. However, love your blog, and don't mind clicking on things to read about things. Have we really become that lazy? Is it really that hard people?
Happy to add to the comment numbers for the 500 goal :-)
Posted by: Margo | January 10, 2011 at 08:54 PM
Cha-ching against cancer! Thank you for donating!
Posted by: Nicole | January 10, 2011 at 08:43 PM
I'm new at reading blogs, so I can't have an opinion. But, consider this a comment for cancer. Kudos to you for doing this.
Posted by: grassstainedmom | January 10, 2011 at 08:39 PM
I don't care about feeds - I read anyways. Cancer sucks - my best friend's son was diagnosed with neuroblastoma at 8 months old and he's currently kicking cancer's a** at 18 months. My nana was a breast cancer survivor, my dad is a melanoma survivor, and my MIL is also a melanoma survivor.
Posted by: Crystal | January 10, 2011 at 08:34 PM
I'm a full feed kind of gal, but hey, to each his own, right? But that's beside the point, because I'm just here to raise money for WhyMommy's fabulous efforts!!
Posted by: morninglightmama | January 10, 2011 at 08:25 PM
Thanks so much for increasing awareness about our nonprofit and our new program for lymphedema garments! Many thanks to Susan Neibur for getting this ball rolling, and many prayers and positive thoughts going her way for her health and healing.
Posted by: Carole Trone/Crickett's Answer for Cancer | January 10, 2011 at 08:25 PM
I really don't care about partial vs full feed. If a partial feed looks interesting I'll click the link, if it doesn't I have saved myself a little time. Even with full feed I don't always read the whole thing.
Hope you reach 500!
Posted by: Tiffany D. | January 10, 2011 at 08:25 PM
Love Love Love your blog! Let's make the 500 mark!!!
Posted by: Lindsay | January 10, 2011 at 08:21 PM
My thoughts r w/u @whymommy.
Posted by: Lisa S | January 10, 2011 at 08:14 PM
I'd be happy to be your hot Asian wife.
Except I'm already someone else's wife.
And I'm not hot.
But I am Asian!
Posted by: Wife and Mommy | January 10, 2011 at 08:03 PM
Crickett's Answer for Cancer is a great charity, please support it!!
Posted by: cmwilliams | January 10, 2011 at 08:00 PM
You are great for donating and yes, cancer sucks!
Posted by: Kirsha | January 10, 2011 at 07:59 PM
Long time reader, first time typer
Posted by: Heather L | January 10, 2011 at 07:42 PM
comment
Posted by: Rhonda | January 10, 2011 at 07:40 PM
I like clicking over to sites, regardless of their feed size, to be visible traffic, so I don't feel annoyed or political about shortfeeders. I admit, though, that if I'm on my iPad or just stealing a few minutes here or there, I'll skip over the partial feed posts in favor of full feed posts.
Posted by: Deb Rox | January 10, 2011 at 07:39 PM
um, I don't really care about the feed thing, where does that put me on the spectrum? Probably leaning towards clueless! My mom died from cancer when I was 14, some of my most painful memories are of her pain from chemo- hope you reach $500!
Posted by: Dia | January 10, 2011 at 07:38 PM
cancer does suck! This is an awesome idea!!! And as far as feeds.... I am easy. Either way. Unless I am feeling lazy, in which case I will never read the full feed if it isnt there.
But for Whymommy...for her, I'd do anything!
Posted by: C.Mom | January 10, 2011 at 07:29 PM
Commenting only to raise money for Cancer. Good luck with your target.
Posted by: Emma | January 10, 2011 at 07:25 PM
Comment, comment, comment, and best wishes to Susan.
Posted by: Denise | January 10, 2011 at 07:23 PM
love the twist! Cancer sucks. people who bother to complain about clicking through to read a full post have WAAAAAAAYY too much time on their hands... they are the ones who actually have time to click through. I have feeling though that they REALLY like reading ur blog, which is why they bothered to rant about it. Take it as a compliment. Alright that is worth the dollar you're donating!
Posted by: Joann Woolley | January 10, 2011 at 07:16 PM
Commenting to support the cause.
Posted by: Maureen | January 10, 2011 at 07:13 PM
I must totally suck at the blog thing -because I have no idea what you're talking about...
I'm happy to comment though if it will help ease the pain of someone...
Posted by: Laurie | January 10, 2011 at 07:11 PM
I like full feeds but will click over to ones that are worth reading - like yours! Like another commenter, when I click over on my iphone the font is teeny tiny and yet, still I click and read. There must be a way to fix it, but I just don't have the time to figure it out right now.
Cancer sucks.
Posted by: Kelly | January 10, 2011 at 07:10 PM
I am more than happy to leave a comment here. And I'm more than happy to click through from my feed to read you - I enjoy what you write, so an extra click is no big deal. Keep doing what you're doing!
Posted by: Lora | January 10, 2011 at 06:59 PM
Partial feeds are fine. If I like an author I am happy to ckick through and give you views as well as see the site in all its glory!
Posted by: Lisa | January 10, 2011 at 06:52 PM
All my support. Great cause.
Posted by: Meredith | January 10, 2011 at 06:46 PM
Fuck cancer, don't give a f**k about feeds. If it's someone I like, I'll click twice.
Posted by: Editdebs | January 10, 2011 at 06:42 PM
I HATE partial feeds. If I'm reading on the RSS reader on my phone I never ever click through. But 99% of the time I'm reading on my computer and I use the "Next" button so it's a non-issue. Plus I get to see the blog page the author intended me to see - sometimes that's a big deal to the design-y type bloggers I follow.
I would bet someone already said all that, but I'm just here to cost you that $1. You're an awesome person Kristen!
Posted by: Suzanne | January 10, 2011 at 06:35 PM
One simple click is no problem if the person is worth reading - and you know what? You are!
Posted by: Bren | January 10, 2011 at 06:20 PM
You are hysterical. Thank you for your honesty! And here's another $1!
Posted by: Stephanie | January 10, 2011 at 06:11 PM
Be true to yourself is what I say. If I want to read it I'll click through. If I don't, I won't. :)
Posted by: roo | January 10, 2011 at 06:06 PM
xo
Posted by: Gretta | January 10, 2011 at 06:05 PM
You rock.
People complaining about feeds suck, just like cancer.
Posted by: ptooie | January 10, 2011 at 06:04 PM
Sending thoughts & prayers for Susan and Marty and their families.
Posted by: Patricia | January 10, 2011 at 06:00 PM
My thoughts on cancer are way more important than my thoughts on blog readers. Cancer can bite my ass, AND the collective asses of anyone afflicted with it, AND their loved ones.
I'm hesitant to even go into my thoughts on feed readers, because it's so stupid. People will do what they do, and will always find a reason to justify their actions.
Posted by: Angela@beggingtheanswer | January 10, 2011 at 05:48 PM
Very generous of you to donate what you earn in honor of another. WhyMommy is lucky to have you.
(Full feed or not, I find myself turning to your blog to chase away the at-work boredom.
Posted by: Carrie | January 10, 2011 at 05:43 PM
Ha Jamie -- You are soooo right. Except I need TWO.
Posted by: Kristen - Motherhood Uncensored | January 10, 2011 at 05:43 PM
Umm.. I don't even care about feeds. I never use them. DOes that make me lame? Oh well... So full or partial. That's like a really lame thing to argue or even care that much about.
Posted by: Vicky | January 10, 2011 at 05:42 PM
I like full feeds. I still click through for you though.
And, BTW, I hate cancer.
Posted by: Jenni | January 10, 2011 at 05:38 PM
I love Susan, and I love you for doing this. And while I'm a partial-feed hater (I read at work on my phone while pumping; it's too hard to click through on a phone so I don't), I'm more than happy to do it this one time on my laptop to comment. :)
Posted by: Delora | January 10, 2011 at 05:37 PM
I read on iPhone through your site so full of half don't matter. I do click daily hoping for a new post :)) (and on shredheads too, please)
$1 to the pot :)
Posted by: Sabz | January 10, 2011 at 05:28 PM
Here's a $1.
I'm a person who stopped reading blogs that don't have full feeds. I have a feedreader for a reason. It's got a LOT of feeds in it. I don't have all day to click through to all these blogs, deal with their graphics that are slowing the pageload down, see their blinky/flashy ads. I just want to read the content. If the post is good enough that I want to leave a comment, then I'll click through. But I don't like having that choice taken away from me. Having the content held hostage.
As for the whole "I'll get my content scraped" argument, I just don't buy it. The content is right there on the blog available to anyone to read. I could copy and paste all of it and put it on 10 websites and I could do it all in about 10 minutes. If your content is on the Internet, it can get stolen, regardless of your feed. So I'm not buying it. (You really don't want your content scraped, save it all as a JPG!)
It's your blog to do with whatever you want. Just my two cents. Does anybody really care if I read their blog? No.
I do click through to blog posts on tweets on occasion, but I generally don't read any blog with regularity unless it has a full feed.
Posted by: Amy | January 10, 2011 at 05:19 PM
Partial vs full feeds: trivial
Cancer? Not so trivial.
Honestly, I have little experience with feeds. I keep meaning to set it up at work, but never get around to it ... work keeps getting in the way! As far as why have people click through, I'm still at the small-blog point where I like to see that people are actually reading what I write! Darned ego.
Thankfully I have little experience with cancer too. And I'd like to keep it that way.
Posted by: Melanie | January 10, 2011 at 05:14 PM
I couldn't care less about feeds. I use Google Reader, but it's not that big a deal to me to click to read the full post.
Posted by: Sandie | January 10, 2011 at 05:13 PM
Not only do those sleeves reduce pain, they actually reduce recovery time.
Posted by: Nerida | January 10, 2011 at 05:08 PM
You sooooo totally want a hot asian wife. You can't fool us.
Posted by: Jamie Bowden | January 10, 2011 at 05:07 PM
I don't read partial feed sites. I read on my mobile phone and it requires a new browser window, reloads everything, and pisses me off. Takes way too much time to load.
I don't think I have ever read this site but I always love a good argument on full vs partial and one my my friends just tweeted the URL.
I am ALWAYS for donation to a good charity though! Rock on! And I suppose now I'll browse through a few of your posts to see if you are entertaining. But why don't you post a separate hidden full feed? PLEASE? lol
Posted by: Kristi | January 10, 2011 at 04:58 PM
Great cause! - thus the comment
Posted by: Inna | January 10, 2011 at 04:56 PM
I am not sure what a feed is since I don't get to read blogs much but I do know that cancers sucks!
Posted by: Cindy | January 10, 2011 at 04:54 PM
I am all about the full feeds because I read in one place in succession... I don't open the posts in new tabs. But you make good points, and just like we go a little out of our way to support a local business over a corporate giant, we should lend a click to our awesome grassroots bloggers. :)
twitter.com/abourland
Posted by: Anna | January 10, 2011 at 04:52 PM
Yeah. So. I don't even know what a feed is...
Posted by: Lisa | January 10, 2011 at 04:51 PM
I'm not sure what the feed thing is but I wanted to help with the fundraiser. Thanks!
Posted by: Alexis | January 10, 2011 at 04:47 PM
I definitely prefer full feeds, mainly because if I'm reading at work, it's not as blatantly obvious that I'm goofing off to anyone who walks past my cubicle and glances at my monitor. The reader page just looks like text, no "Motherhood Uncensored" neon sign logo or BlogHer ads. So, there's that. But I try to reserve my outrage for more justified topics, whenever possible.
Also: My mom is a breast cancer survivor. Because of the type of cancer she had, I'm supposed to start getting MRIs of my breasts every year, starting this year (when I turn 35). Note that the MRIs are not covered by insurance because it's not the standard for breast cancer detection. Nevermind that the type of cancer my mom had, would likely not be detected by a regular mammogram. So yeah, THAT'S the kind of thing that pisses me off. The fact that I'm going to have to figure out how to pony up over $1000 a year, for the rest of my life. Because my health insurance company would apparently rather pay for ridiculously expensive cancer treatment (which might not save me anyway) than a simple preventative test.
Posted by: cindy w | January 10, 2011 at 04:46 PM
Your blog, your rules. As it should be.
And complaining about CLICKING? While seated, perusing the internet? THAT is the ultimate in laziness.
Good for you, K.
Posted by: Karen Sugarpants | January 10, 2011 at 04:43 PM
If I had a fancy phone and was trying to read my feeder while driving, or waiting in line, or whatever you iPhone people do, I'd probably care about full vs partial feed. But I don't, so I don't. On that note:
Fuck cancer.
Posted by: Helen | January 10, 2011 at 04:42 PM
If the blog is lame, I won't bother clicking through a partial feed. But if I like the blog, I will. So this must mean I like you! =)
Posted by: Mary O | January 10, 2011 at 04:42 PM
Full Feeds v Partial Feeds debate just means that people love content. Great content. So, if one finds oneself seeking full feed then one is in the wrong place if partial feed is what one gets. Free to click elsehwhere pray leave the woman alone
@chefswife
Posted by: chef's wife | January 10, 2011 at 04:41 PM
I really don't care about the whole feed thing...but I do care about cancer...here's another doller!
thanks Kristen!
Posted by: Kristen S | January 10, 2011 at 04:39 PM
Cancer sucks.
Also partial feeds are fine in my book as long as I can actually get a sense of what the flipping post is about. I loathe those 10 word teasers. And I loathe cancer.
But you, my friend, are awesome.
Posted by: RookieMom Heather | January 10, 2011 at 04:36 PM
I hardly ever use my feed reader. I'm just here to support Susan!
Posted by: Lisse | January 10, 2011 at 04:35 PM
1. I don't get the issue about this full vs. partial feed nonsense. I just use blogger.com to organize my subscriptions and there aren't really "full feeds" on there. Either way that lady sounds like a royal BIATCH! hehe ;)
2. Cancer is butthead :( down with buttheads.
Posted by: jessica | January 10, 2011 at 04:34 PM
I only get one blog by feed and it doesn't arrive until A DAY AFTER the post is published - so I never bothered with any other feeds.
My Aunt MaryEllen had breast cancer 40 or so years ago and has a lymphedema sleeve which helps her tremendously.
Posted by: Kathy from NJ | January 10, 2011 at 04:21 PM
For the longest time I had partial feed because I liked analyzing my stats. Recently I switched for no particular reason. I will say that if the first words of a partial feed aren't interesting, I don't click through. I love your self-challenge of choosing those carefully to generate interest. I can't believe people debate about something so silly.
Thank you for your donation.
Posted by: Megan (Sis B) | January 10, 2011 at 04:21 PM
I'm too lazy to use a feed reader. Does that make me lazier than the person too lazy to click through the feed reader, or less lazy than them?
Posted by: Melissa | January 10, 2011 at 04:18 PM
I have you saved in my favorites too! Good for you for donating. That's awesome.
Posted by: Alyssa | January 10, 2011 at 04:16 PM
Great post, people complain too much these days. Feeds vs. partial vs. whatever floats your boat. You are never going to make everyone happy. Thank you for using the blog for something good!
Posted by: Jamie Lentzner | January 10, 2011 at 04:13 PM
Don't care whether it is a full or partial feed, but glad you are donating to help fight cancer.
Posted by: Rachel | January 10, 2011 at 04:08 PM
What's a feed?
For that matter, what's a reader!?
Ha! I think I just broke the internet.
Hello? Is this thing on?
Yes, cancer sucks!
Posted by: CrystalC2B | January 10, 2011 at 03:56 PM
I don't use a reader, but if I had cancer I would want to use a sleeve.
Posted by: Kristin | January 10, 2011 at 03:50 PM
Oh I am going to mark this as unread, just to come back and read the comments when I have a moment.
I honestly don't care. Truly. I read many people who have partial feeds. Even some (like Sweetney) who only post titles. If I love the writing I read. The end.
That being said, I love that you are doing this for Susan. I wish I could help, but I am not in the place at the moment.
Posted by: Issa | January 10, 2011 at 03:48 PM
Hmmm. To partial feed or to full feed. I never gave it that much thought--I guess because I just go blog hopping instead of reading feeds.
Posted by: JennyBean | January 10, 2011 at 03:46 PM
Thanks for doing this!! I think you're right. It's no big deal to click a few times to read a post you're interested in. Susan is awesome and cancer SUCKS!! So thanks for supporting her with a few bucks! :)
Posted by: Jennifer Gunn | January 10, 2011 at 03:46 PMOut of the ethical wreckage that the cultural revolution of the sixties left behind, one value emerged more or less intactthe value of work. True, the revolution flirted with the idea of "dropping out" (along with "tuning in" and "turning on"). But before long, the countercultures flower children and radicals were agitating for tenure and partnerships; Yippie Jerry Rubin went to work on Wall Street, and Black Panther Bobby Seale went into the cookbook business. Only the very poor remained marooned in the idea, retailed to them by the cultural vanguard, that working in some "jive job" for "chump change" was beneath their dignity, worse than taking welfare (which was no more than their due) or "hustling" (which was a manly rebellion against oppression).
Now workfarethe subject of our two remarkable cover stories, "Welfare Reform Discoveries" and "At Last, a job Program That Works"seeks to reverse that dysfunctional state of affairs. For welfare reformers, work is the perfect rallying cry, because troops of varying beliefs can utter it with conviction. But different reformers mean different things by it. For followers of Charles Murray, the work requirement changes welfares incentive structure: welfare recipients are rational beings who weigh costs and benefits and decide that welfares economic package, obtained with no countervailing effort, is a good bargain. Change the economic equation by adding in the work requirement, and youll change the resulting behavior. For reformers who believe, as we do, that the self-destructive behavior of underclass welfare recipients, including their welfare dependency, springs from the worldview in their headsthat such behavior is a product of culture and valuesthe work requirement is a welcome change in the cultural message. People will do what the surrounding culture tells them is right.
Though it suggests that the culture is changing, a change in social policy isnt by itself cultural change. Nor does making people work necessarily inculcate them with a work ethic. The great Victorian evangelists of the work ethic praised work for its effect on the inner being. To them, work was the great instrument of self-development, the medium through which individuals learn who they are and become everything it is in their power to be. Work develops a host of accompanying virtues, like steadfastness and self-respect. Butand heres the rubonly for those who already have the inner discipline to work in the first place. What our stories both report is that many welfare recipients lack those personal qualities. They need to develop several more primitive virtues, including punctuality and a willingness to oblige, before they can participate in work and reap its psychic as well as its material benefits. For them, having to go to work is only part of the cultural change they need, and not the part they need most right now.
If workfare doesnt do much for these people, it also doesnt begin to address the biggest welfare problemthe passing down of dependency and its social pathologies from generation to generation by unmarried mothers who have babies they arent qualified or ready to raise properly. As "Welfare Reform Discoveries" points out, despite workfares successes in Wisconsin, the illegitimacy rate is going up. Fortunately, as both stories report, efforts to change the cultural messages welfare clients receive are under way, and they point the direction that the next round of welfare reform will have to go.
And what about the opposite extreme of the social scale? Was snatching the value of work from the cultural wreckage enough to make a fulfilled life for the privileged? Not according to Jonathan Foreman, whose hilarious account of working for a white-shoe Manhattan law firm, beginning on page 88, is a chronicle of 100-hour weeks, with no life outside the office, not even to see if the sky is blue, much less to participate in a family or a community. It is an existence in which the work ethic is the only ethic, and Foreman found it proved too thin to be sustaining. The task of cultural reconstruction, these articles suggest, needs to be accomplished at all levels of society.I’m home with family, wrapping presents, baking cookies, and watching the best Christmas movie ever made. (The runner up is Mrs Santa Claus – Angela Lansbury at the turn of the century as the eponymous character, who sings, marches with suffragettes, and organizes labor). But the best movie has the best songs, including the best encapsulation of virtue ethics ever set to music.
>>IMAGE
…If bein’ mean’s a way of life
he’s practiced and rehearsed
and all that work is paying off
‘Cause Scrooge is getting worse
Follow Patheos
Catholic:Attack of 10,000 bubbleheads
Dear Gregg Easterbrook:
Expect mail.
And they won't take kindly to Easterbrook's saying it is.
Expect mail.
Check the list of the U.S. Navy's supercarriers and note the presidential succession. Of postwar presidents, Republicans Dwight Eisenhower, Ford, Reagan and the elder George Bush have supercarriers named after them; Democrats Truman and John Kennedy have supercarriers in their names; the missing presidents are Richard Nixon, Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. Since Nixon is the only president ever to have resigned, it would be inappropriate to name a ship after him. That means there are three postwar presidents worthy to have their names placed on Navy capital ships, who have not had a supercarrier named for them -- and all are Democrats. Attention Pentagon: You're not supposed to be partisan, how come the Navy is showing favoritism to the Republican Party in the naming of supercarriers? There is an attack submarine named for Carter, but no ship named for Johnson or Clinton. Bill Clinton was elected to the presidency twice; Gerald Ford was never elected to any national office, and served only an interregnum term in the White House; Jimmy Carter is the only living president to have won the Nobel Peace Prize; yet Ford's name now graces the new class of supercarriers, while the Navy has extended only a lesser honor to Carter and no honors to Johnson or Clinton. This seems cheap political favoritism unbefitting the United States military.If Easterbrook had ever spent any time around military guys--especially those who served in a tight-knit military community like the submarine service (as Carter did)--he'd know they don't consider it a "lesser honor" to have a sub named after them.
And they won't take kindly to Easterbrook's saying it is.
1 Comments:
Surely having the attack sub named for oneself is the higher honor. After all, as every submariner knows, there are only two types of sea-going vessels -- subs and targets.
;-)The Internet Police’ shines a light on the online surveillance state
Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story!
When Ars Technica editor Nate Anderson sat down to write The Internet Police (W.W. Norton & Company, 320 pp.), Edward Snowden hadn’t yet decided to add some excitement to the National Security Agency’s summer by leaking a trove of surveillance secrets…
By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy.
Read Comments - Join the Discussion. (Sacramento City [Calif.]) 1851-185?
Sacramento City [Calif.] (1851-185?)
- Title:
- Placer times and transcript. : (Sacramento City [Calif.]) 1851-185?
- Alternative Titles:
- Illustrated placer times & transcript
- Placer times & transcript
- Weekly placer times & transcript <Nov. 15, 1853-Jan. 14, 1854>
- Place of publication:
- Sacramento City [Calif.]
- Geographic coverage:
-
- Publisher:
- G.K. Fitch & Co.
- Dates of publication:
- 1851-185?
- Description:
- Began with June 16, 1851 issue.
- Frequency:
- Weekly
- Language:
- Subjects:
- California--Sacramento.--fast--(OCoLC)fst01205542
- California--San Francisco.--fast--(OCoLC)fst01204481
- Sacramento (Calif.)--Newspapers.
- San Francisco (Calif.)--Newspapers.
- Notes:
- "For circulation in California, the Atlantic States and Europe."
- Description based on: Vol. 1, no. 37 (July 29, 1851).
- Editors: L. Pickering, G. Kenyon Fitch, J.E. Lawrence, <1851>.
- Numbering is irregular.
- Published at Sacramento, Calif., 1851-June 1852; at San Francisco, Calif., 1852-<1853>.
- LCCN:
- sn 82015718
- OCLC:
- 8811182
- Succeeding Titles:
-
- Related Titles:
-
- Holdings:
View complete holdings informationCanada Posts
[CONTEST] Submit Your Flavour for Lay’s Do Us a Flavour!
Starting now until April 22nd, anyone (including you!) can submit an idea for a brand new
Theatric Thursday: Operation Oblivion Features Chinese Canadian Soldiers in World War II
Truth is truly stranger than fiction. And they even made a movie out of it, too.
Canada Dry Hot Ginger Ale (Not Available in Canada)
Canada Dry Ginger Ale may be one the best exports from Canada ever (OK, calm down
Airplane Wednesday: 5 Reasons Why You’ll Fall in Love with Henry Lau
Henry Lau (劉憲華) 23 year-old talented young star has all the reasons it takes to get
DEVILOCK’s return: VOLE
DEVILOCK, an original clothing brand originating from the small town of Ebisu, Japan, has been established since November
Canadians Prepare For A 2NE1 Roadtrip: Details on US-leg of World Tour Released
AX3 previously reported that 2NE1 will be setting a milestone as they will become the first
2NE1 Will Be the First K-Pop Girl Group to Hold a World Tour! Is Canada on the List?
Attention all k-poppers, 2NE1 may be coming to a city near you! That’s right, it has
BIGBANG Alive World Tour confirmed for New York and Los Angeles! Will your city be next?
After selling out three consecutive dates earlier this year in March with their World Tour kickoffLatest Memory B cell Stories
An organism's ability to make new antibodies and use them to optimize its own immune defenses is of central importance in the fight against pathogens.
After a vaccination or an infection, the human immune system remembers to keep protecting against invaders it has already encountered, with the aid of specialized B-cells and T-cells....
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.We are the premiere source for Gould & Goodrich Smith & Wesson 6926 holsters. OpticsPlanet is one of the biggest Gould & Goodrich sellers in the world - we carry every Gould & Goodrich Smith & Wesson 6926 holster on the market. The Smith & Wesson holsters page is an alternative place to look for Smith & Wesson 6926 holsters that we offer from other holster brands. If there is a holster by Gould & Goodrich or any other Smith & Wesson 6926 holster you are interested in and cannot locate, let us know and one of our customer service professionals will help you out. As one of the leading holster dealers in the world, OpticsPlanet has more Smith & Wesson holsters than nearly every other store. Also, don't forget to take a look at our large collection of Smith & Wesson accessories & add-ons. Whether you are looking for a Gould & Goodrich holster for a Smith & Wesson 6926 or any other handgun, OpticsPlanet.com is the place to go!With Comcast TV, you can get great home entertainment at affordable prices. Don’t pay outrageous rates for individual digital cable, high-speed Internet, and phone services anymore. Comcast Packages in Bethany, CT – And for the best home phone service with the clearest sound and truly unlimited calling, Comcast is truly beyond compare. Order Comcast Bundles and SAVE.
Comcast in Bethany, CT
Find Local Comcast Packages In: Bethany, Connecticut Packages In Bethany, C Bethany.. The food, although memorable in its own right because of its awfulness, was not what stirred my emotions — I was moved by eating together as a family.
All these years later, I look back and realize parts of that kindergarten Thanksgiving are what continue to make the holiday a meaningful time for me — breaking bread, sharing conversation, and spending time with the people who are close to you.
Each year for Thanksgiving, I sit at a table in my grandma’s tiny, cramped kitchen, filled to capacity with warm bodies and love. The food, of course, is the main attraction.
Some of the featured attractions include corn casserole swirled with corn, yellow rice, and topped with stringy cheddar cheese; collard greens with a potent pot likker that dazzles over otherwise bland white rice; a spiral-sliced ham with a crunchy, sweet crust on the edges; turkey that oozes with juiciness and flavor; and spicy dressing loaded with black pepper. A cream of mushroom gravy with hardboiled eggs as its crowning glory; macaroni and cheese with fontina, asiago, parmesan, gruyere and cheddar cheeses; wild rice glittering with extra virgin olive oil; and chitterlings make fine accompaniments.
Before we taste a morsel, my grandma leads the family in prayer. Myself, cousins, aunts and uncles crowd into the kitchen, holding hands, laughing and talking until we are silenced by the bowing of my grandma’s head.
Some of us forego the solemn prayer and instead giggle and smile at the rather lengthy prose to our heavenly father. As the prayer concludes, we are each asked to name one thing we are thankful for.
For quite some time, I saw the exercise as trite and a stumbling block to inhaling the meal that had taunted my taste buds all day. But over the past few years, I’ve come to see how crucial this simple, yet powerful, ritual is, especially with the loss of dear loved ones.
Each year, our family circle becomes smaller and smaller. This year will mark another year without two of my uncles and a second year without my grandfather. Each year, I look around the circle and am reminded how short life is and how incredibly blessed each of us — standing, eager, and ready to tear through the culinary contributions of family members — is to still be alive.
I am thankful for both big and small gestures of love from family members, like my cousins Shaundrea and Emeka who as older women always offer sage advice with laughter. Or my aunt Jennifer who loads me down with toiletries each time I see her, so I (a broke college student) won’t have to buy them on my own.
We may take those fleeting moments — laughing together over dinner, becoming fussy after a heated game of post-dinner spades, or slicing a piece of grandma’s famous sweet potato pie — for granted, but they are precious. They are a godsend.
The loss of a loved one’s presence, in many ways, never gets easier, especially during the emotionally heightened holiday season. This Thanksgiving, let us all stop and remember those we have lost and remain that much more grateful for those who are alive and present with us.
I know I will.
Thursday I’lI fix plate after plate of home-cooked goodies and end the day stretched out on my bed, unable to move because of too much great food. I will know, undoubtedly, that Thanksgiving has come and gone, and I am grateful, so grateful, for those magnificent, somewhat ordinary yet irreplaceable people God has planted in my life.
Ruth, thank you so much for this comment. I understand that Bill Clinton, on finishing his second term, wanted to free Leonard Peltier, but the FBI wouldn’t allow it.
Thanks Sister Deanna for reading and commenting!
“I was a Native American”, Those words stopped me, and I held them for a moment and thought, this was the direction of this lovely piece, but it headed someplace else, also beautiful.
I realize, and others too, that we, meaning this country, shafted the Native Americans, decimated them, and left a trail of tears as in Wounded Knee, and beyond. I have a good friend, a Native American, Leonard Peltier, who is in jail for a crime I and zillions of others “know” he did not commit so I think of this now, and about the concert in NY to honor him, a concert with leading activists in the civil rights movement, and in song, like Pete Seeger, like Peter Matthiessen,
We have a problem here, and that problem, let us not forget, is the deeper meaning of Thanksgiving and our obligations, still not fulfilled for those we put behind bars and in bars, namely our Native Americans, whose deep wisdom, whose elders, preached lessons we still need to access, about sanctity, the environment, and being here.
Thanks for your comment, Ruth. Yes, the Native Americans certainly deserve more acknowledgement as we celebrate Thanksgiving each year.Apple announced today that it is going to bring certain kinds of printing capability to the iPad within the next few months. We're thrilled to see Apple finally responding to the overwhelming consumer demand for mobile printing, but since the announcement does run onto our turf a little bit (and before another hundred fans send us worried emails), we thought it would be worth pointing out a few benefits that remain exclusive to BreezyPrint:
- BreezyPrint works on all your other devices (i.e., not just the iPad), with nothing more to set up.
- BreezyPrint lets you print securely to printers on corporate networks without requiring you to join the corporate network.
- BreezyPrint can handle hundreds of different file types -- so when someone sends you a Visio drawing or some other file that the iPad can't view, you'll still be able to print it with BreezyPrint.
- Our global printer network (details still under wraps, but coming soon) will give you access to thousands of printers all around the world, again with no extra setup required.
In short, the new printing capabilities in iOS 4.2 are a welcome addition to the iPad's already impressive lineup of features - and we're confident that as more people get used to the ease of printing from their iPads, they'll see even more value in a service that significantly expands that capability.Return to Index
Hi Shelly!
October 3 2005 at 9:21 AM
Jadu
kalyani
)
Response to
Jadu...I live in Colorado at the moment and this doc is in
Thanks for asking. Today I'm not doing so well. I got AF yesterday and it was very crampy and I have been incredibly emotional for a week. It is hard when AF shows up sometimes...
I haven't been "actively" TTC really because I am still dealing with an ambilvalent partner. Until I can get a more positive response from him I cannot really "pull out all the stops". He just doesn't get it. He is too terrified himself of repeating what happened to him (he was abandoned by his father at a young age) that he cannot see that time is ticking and my time is especially ticking.. Also I was starting to get too obsessed about the whole thing to the detriment of the rest of my life. So I am still charting and temping and bding but trying to relax around the whole thing.
My protocol is just a ton of vitamins and herbs really. I don't know what my fsh is now but in march it was 7 and e2 was 40. I did an injectables cycle which I regret doing because it messed up my body for months.
The next thing I am planning (still don't have enough $$ saved up yet) is acupuncture. I have 2 really good peoople that I have targeted in NYC.
best wishes to you and your mom...
Respond to this messageThe Easy Way to Smooth Skin. The Silk pil 3 is a great option for gentle, easy hair removal. Massaging rollers stimulate and massage your skin to ease the epilation and increase comfort. 20 tweezers remove hair at the root and leave your skin smooth. The Smartlight� helps you see fine hairs, so none are missed...Refine Your Results
- Color
- Red (38)
- White (13)
- Rosé (1)
- Wineries
- Quivira Vineyards & Winery (27)
- David Coffaro Vineyard & Winery (15)
- Pezzi King Vineyards & Winery (12)
- Alderbrook Winery (1)
- Dry Creek Vineyard (48)
- Mazzocco Vineyards (39)
- Unti Vineyards (28)
- Show More
- Price Range
- All
- $12 - $20 (7)
- $20 - $50 (6)
- Appellation
- Dry Creek Valley (54)
- Alexander Valley (1)
Showing 1-10 of 55NAIROBI, Kenya - President critical of Gration's leadership and management of the embassy, said the officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the audit is still being prepared and is confidential.I had 1 syringe of Restalyne injected under eye (by my double certified surgeon) 4 days ago, and determined it was not enough so had another (almost full) syringe yesterday. I like the results, but I do have some bruising (to be expected) and lumping. How much massaging is okay? Am I redistributing or dissolving with massage? Also, if bruises last (I am olive skinned and bruise very easily) is it safe to use a V-Beam to remove, or will this dissolve the product?
What Do You Suggest For Immediate Post Restylane Care? Had Injections Under Eyes/ (photo)
Doctor Answers 9
Laser can reduce post injection bruising
Don't massage, you could potentially move the product. I have been very happy with the use of PDL (pulsed-dye laser) for post-injection bruising. The laser doesn't erase the bruise but it helps it fade more quickly.
Have a question? Ask a doctor
What Do You Suggest For Immediate Post Restylane Care? Had Injections Under Eyes/
Ice, more ice for a few days. If still with edema than return to the injecting doctor for evaluation.
Post-restylane care
Every doctor is a bit different. Some recommend gentle massage for lumps, some recommend ice, and some recommend nothing. Ask your treating doctor.
You might also like...
Post Restylane care
I recommend ice packs and no massaging! Patients can easily move fillers around and cause problems by touching and massaging their fillers. Don't do that. V-Beam and Laser Genesis are both safe to do within a day or so of Restylane to help with bruising, and I do have patients do Laser Genesis if needed. However, your bruising actually looks like it's already in the final healing stages so I think I'd skip the laser treatments and just let it resolve on its own.
Restylane under the eyes.
It is possible to redistribute the product with massage so be careful.. The Veam works wonderfully for bruising and I recommend it now. It will not dissolve the product but may cause some temporary swelling.
Restylane and massage
I wouldn't recommend that you do the massage, but leave the product as it was placed and allow for swelling and bruising to subside. Then it's time to re-visit your provider if you feel there needs to be some manipulation or massaging, addition of product or whatever may need to be done, if anything.
What Do You Suggest For Immediate Post Restylane Care? Had Injections Under Eyes
Massaging 3 to 4 times a day is fine, and what you are doing is simply evening everything out, and helping to decrease the swelling and bruising . I doubt that your bruising will last and I would give it a couple of weeks before venturing to other avenues.
Jonathan Ross Berman, M.D. , F.A.C.S.
Under eye massage after filler is usually not recommended in the first few days.
Your photos don't appear to show any actual problems with your treatment, though it is a little difficult to see where your doctor would have fit two entire cc's of filler under your eyes within a 4 day period. I would recommend ice packs only, low activity, and time to see how the bruising fades and the natural swelling resolves before taking on any other active treatment like laser or massage, which could move your filler and alter your results. I think you will do fine. See your injecting physician any time you have any questions. He should always be available with ideas or to reassure.
Web reference:
These answers are for educational purposes and should not be relied upon as a substitute for medical advice you may receive from your physician. If you have a medical emergency, please call 911. These answers do not constitute or initiate a patient/doctor relationship.Like many World War II veterans, John Willis never collected medals for his service. He said he was told he had earned them when he was discharged, but he never followed through to collect them. He put the war behind him. He finished school, got married, started a family and had a career.
But 67 years later, the honors arrived. Rep. Marc Veasey, D-Fort Worth, delivered seven medals and awards, including the Bronze Star, to Willis, 87, at his Irving home Friday.
“I’m rather overwhelmed,” the soft-spoken Willis said. “It’s like when I took the Honor Flight [to Washington, D.C., to visit the National World War II Memorial] in October and got off the plane to cheering and clapping. I feel like that today.”
Willis was drafted in July 1944. With two older brothers already in the service, he hadn’t enlisted because his father needed him to help on their southeast Kansas farm. But the family ended up with three brothers in the war. All survived.
After completing his training at Camp Hood, Texas, Willis was stationed on the Aquitania troop ship, one of the longest-serving ships that survived both world wars. In January 1945, he joined the 35th Division of the Company G 134th Infantry Regiment. He fought in the Battle of the Bulge and then in central Europe.
When the war ended, he returned home aboard the Queen Mary. He continued to serve in the Army until July 1946.
Willis, who was born in Denison, Texas, eventually left Kansas and came to Dallas, where he finished college at Southern Methodist University. While working at Retail Credit Co., he met his wife, Laquetta.
“He looked like Audie Murphy,” she said, swooning still after 63 years of marriage.
Willis went on to work as a purchasing agent for Dallas County and then for the Dallas County Hospital District. He retired as a senior vice president after 33 years of service at Parkland Memorial Hospital.
The couple spends their time traveling and enjoying grandchildren. They raised three children. The oldest, Pam Meredith of Irving, said her father never talked about his service.
“He’s very humble and reluctant to be the center of attention,” Meredith said.
When asked how he felt about being honored with medals, the veteran grinned.
“It probably means more to my family than me,” he said. “I knew what I did and was happy to do that.”
Laquetta Willis admitted she started the process to obtain the medals and was also the one who urged him to be part of the Honor Flight.
“I had to push him,” she said. “He’s more private than I am.”
After she contacted Veasey’s office in February, the medals came through quickly.
Surrounded by family, John Willis accepted his long-overdue honors Friday.
“It’s wonderful to be here,” Veasey said. “I’m so glad to be able to help good people like you who served our country.”
The ceremony was brief, which probably pleased Willis. The spotlight was soon off.
But his wife said they plan to bring all the medals to the annual family reunion this summer.
“We have a big family,” she said. “I plan to show them off.PASADENA, Calif. – Senior swimmer Michele Kee and junior diver James Stevick of the Claremont-Mudd-Scripps swimming & diving teams have each been named Athlete of the Week by the Southern California Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SCIAC) the conference announced Tuesday. The duo earned Athlete of the Week honors for the week of Jan. 13-19 for their efforts against Occidental, as both the Athenas and Stags won their respective meets.
Kee won two individual events and was on a winning relay team as
CMS beat Occidental 222-75. She won the 100-yard butterfly by 1.81
seconds with a time of 57.99, the fastest time nationally in 2014.
She won the 50-yard freestyle by 0.82 seconds in 24.64 and swam a
26.10 butterfly leg on the winning 200-yard medley relay. She also
swam a 54.05 split in the 400 freestyle relay.
Stevick remained undefeated in SCIAC competition this season with two zone qualifying scores. He won the 1-meter dive with a score of 322.55 and the 3-meter dive with a score of 309.75. He won by 163 and 128 points, respectively.The Club For Growth is launching its first TV/radio ad campaign against Nebraska Republican Attorney General Jon Bruning, hitting the Senate GOP frontrunner over his record on spending.
"On spending, Bruning praised the Obama stimulus program," says the narrator of the TV ad. "He nearly doubled his own office budget, increasing spending at a faster rate than Congress."
The Club, which is backing Republican state Treasurer Don Stenberg in the race, would not comment on the buy other than to say that it is "substantial."
A Bruning internal poll conducted by the Tarrance Group poll last month during the two days before the Club endorsed Stenberg showed the attorney general leading the treasurer 52 percent toWill the Supreme Court’s decision to reverse a ruling by Sonia Sotomayor affect her chances of being confirmed to the Court? The consensus is no—especially since it was 5-4. The Minnesota Supreme Court, on the other hand, was unanimous: Al Franken finally gets to be Senator.
The Zimbabwean opposition is not having an easy time sharing power with the Mugabe regime. Thokozani Khupe, the opposition deputy Prime Minister, said that the National Security Council had not even met because
a few elite securocrats do not recognize the authority of the new order.
Securocrat—a useful word. Who came up with that? The earliest reference in Nexis (which is, of course, not definitive) is February 1988, in a Washington Post article on Nelson Mandela’s continued imprisonment:
Slabbert said the police and Army leaders of South Africa’s security management system, whom he called “securocrats,” stepped in to prevent Mbeki’s release from being used as a springboard to power-sharing negotiations.
“The best of the reformers said, ‘Let’s make a test on Mbeki and see if we can release Mandela,’ ” Slabbert said. He added, “The best of the securocrats said, ‘Let’s release Mbeki and then use him to show that Mandela can’t be released and that there can’t be negotiations.’ I think the securocrats won on that one.”
Not for long; two years later, Mandela was free.
But for almost a decade afterward “securocrats” was mostly used only in reference to South Africa. Then Sinn Fein picked it up to rail against the British (Martin McGuiness seems to have been patient zero, in August 1997, but Gerry Adams was the word’s Typhoid Mary). In this sense, “securocrat” encompassed the military, Royal Ulster Constabulary, MI5, and MI6, and was often preceded by the word “faceless.” It took off from there; we now have the obligatory cyber-securocrats. By 2006, Sir David Omand, former head of the GCHQ (he played a role in the David Kelly affair) was referring to himself as “a hardened British ‘securocrat.’” He was trying, it seems, to be funny.
The Mets’ situation is really not funny. Will Omar Minaya get Jerry Manuel his bats?kroqster: Test Server: us-la This is fast enough for my needs and i see SS customers posting DL speeds of 17-20mbs here(?!). Compared to mine thats insanely fast right? So am I missing something here? Also, I think these speeds of SS customers that i have seen posted here arent during Peak time(?) which is the relevant time. ( i did ask SS cust service what peak times were and he just said when people get home from work to about 10pm but didnt sound confident in what he was saying) Im pretty much just a browser. I watch movies and video streamed from US. But do have to download stuff now and again. Poor customer service issue aside, anyone have any thoughts weather this would be a good deal for some like me? appreciate feedback thanks
kroqster: Thanks Nebbie You represent SS? What are peak hours? and what can I expect my DL speed to be in off peak and peak times if I am just browsing? thanks?
kroqster: Thanks Nebbie You represent SS? What are peak hours? and what can I expect my DL speed to be in off peak and peak times if I am just browsing? thanks
Nebbie: We have arranged things that "Attended" traffic such as Skype,Youtube,Browsing,Email etc have the highest level of prioritisation this is becuase these types of traffic you cant wait. Traffic such as HTTP downloads and downloading from bulk download sites such as Rapidshare are also bumped down the list, and right at the bottom is p2p type traffic.User Reviews & Ratings
Total of 211 user ratings spread across 211 releases
- 10
- 9
- 8
- 7
- 6
- 5
- 4
- 3
- 2
- 1
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
LittleBigPlanet 2
Portal 2
Mortal Kombat
Dragon Age II
Dead Space 2
Alan Wake
Joe Danger
Fallout 3: Game of the Year Edition
Call of Duty: Black Ops
Minecraft
Star Wars: The Force Unleashed II
Halo: Reach
BioShock
BioShock
Where fear and gameplay mesh in perfect harmony. This game will change you as a gamer, maybe being the best game ever.
This game has had mixed reactions form all types of people. Ive seen people put it down, and say its all hype. Ive heard people say its amazing and a masterpiece. Well some people need to learn to be quiet because this g... Read Full Review7 of 8 users found the following review helpful
FIFA Soccer 10
FIFA 10
FIFA10 Wii boasts good controls and franchise mode that you come to expect from EA's famed Football sim series.
When you first play FIFA10 on Wii you notice one thing right away, the controls are great. And that in itself is the best part of FIFA10, the excellently executed controls. The nunchuck and wiimote together balance in pe... Read Full Review1 of 3 users found the following review helpful
The Sims 2
With the Sims being short of perfect Sims 2 really adds flavor, excitement, and better graphics into the series.
The sims has been the only game ever to make you care about a chracater in a game. When your little sim is hungry, you feed it. When its got to relieve itself, your there to make him take that poop or wizz he demands. Al... Read Full Review2 of 2 users found the following review helpful
MySims
MySims
This game is a knock-off of Animal crossing but fails badly in trying to be as good. Simply put, dont buy this game.
When you think of the sims you think of that series as amazingly great. Thats what i thought. But one day around Febuaray i bought my sister a game for her DS. It was only $19.99 so i thought what the heck. So one day af... Read Full Review1 of 2 users found the following review helpful
God of War: Chains of Olympus
Chains of Olympus is everything you want in a prequal, GOW fans and non-fans alike will love its gameplay and intensity.
We've seen the GOW series 2 times before, God of war and God of war 2. Both were amazing and made you thing killing a matador by stabbing his face with your knives, just awesome. Well when you bought God of war 2 you rea... Read Full Review0 of 0 users found the following review helpful
FIFA World Cup: Germany 2006
The World Cup never seemed more fun in this awesome football sim.
When 2006 soccer/football fans were most excited for one event, the world cup. And us video game/soccer fans were waiting for something to come along with the world cup, The game. And it is here, and with amazing graphic... Read Full Review1 of 2 users found the following review helpful
FIFA World Cup: Germany 2006
Super Street Fighter IV
SSFIV simply put, is an improvement to an already Blockbuster game. It is in no way just a "rip-off DLC".
Capcom and the Street Fighter series are definatly familiar with DLC's. Back when SFII was out they released "DLC" cartridges with 1 or 2 new fighters and a new areana. Back then this was a rip-off, Id know, I spent my a... Read Full Review15 of 22 users found the following review helpful
Super Street Fighter IV
Duke Nukem 64
Chewing bubble gum and kicking butt has never been more engaging. Duke nukem 64's excellent gameplay is just a blast!
In the years of Duke Nukem his games have been amazing. From the first to this Duke Nukem 64 is arguably the 3rd best N64 shooter ever. Besides Perfect Dark and Goldeneye. Duke nukem brings back his love for women, bubbl... Read Full Review2 of 3 users found the following review helpful
Sly 2: Band of Thieves
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
Simply put this game may be one of the best shooters ever made of this generation and is way more than just multiplayer.
In the years past we've seen amazing FPS games. Halo, halo 2, Medal of honor, the other call of duties, and Killzone 2 which in my mind is still the king of FPS games. But welcome into the gaming hall of fame, the most i... Read Full Review4 of 6 users found the following review helpful
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
Super Mario Galaxy 2
Killzone 2
WIth awesome graphics, gameplay, and other features. Killzone 2 may just be one of the best FPS's ever made.
Since the release of the original Killzone, people have had doubts about the sequel. M being one of those people, thinking since the first one wasnt so hot that the second would be the same. Well man was i wrong and the ... Read Full Review1 of 2 users found the following review helpful
Borderlands
Borderlands is the perfect FPS/RPG that any shooting fan would fall in love with. The multiplayer also is very good.
The FPS and the RPG had a baby, and they had one good looking baby. Borderlands artistic graphics and excellent shooting mechanics make it the must play game for any FPS or RPG fan. With three chracters to choose from a... Read Full Review3 of 4 users found the following review helpful
Fat Princess
Medal of Honor Underground
This classic Medal of Honor game is perfect for all fans of FPSs and MOH fans alike. The realistic story makes this game
You'd think no game could macth the first medal of honor game. Well they were wrong. underground has come out and has taken the PS1 by storm. The history involved in this game is more realistic then all the other ones. O... Read Full Review0 of 0 users found the following review helpful
Medal of Honor Underground
Mortal Kombat: Shinken Kourin Densetsu
Mortal Kombat
Log in to commentBrides To Have Cake Fight To Win Rings
January 8, 2011 11:12 AM
Bridal cake fight (credit: Boston Wedding Show)
BOSTON (CBS) — Five brides-to-be will be diving into a wedding cake in Boston Sunday, and not for a taste-testing. Rather they’ll be looking for matching wedding bands valued at $2,500.
The “Battle Of The Brides” will take place at 4 p.m. at the Boston Wedding Show.
The wedding show features more than 85 wedding professionals. There are two fashion shows scheduled.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5462978744516866472.post3477287313248875227..comments2015-05-20T12:03:34.696-05:00Comments on Troll Racials are Overpowered: "Don't just say they were stupid" and "So what?"Klepsacovic Zebra: The sad part of that definition i...@Suicidal Zebra: The sad part of that definition is the unknown second part: "But really you'll do the same when you become them."<br /><br />@Spinks: It is ironic that so often those who claim the stupidity of others are themselves failing to think.<br /><br />@Dw-redux: I couldn't finish it; he works too hard to not understand others.Klepsacovic thing is, while blogbrowsing i read this one...Funny thing is, while blogbrowsing i read this one just after i read the greedy goblins rant about twink pvp:<br />Just makes this post even better :DDw-redux post. I agree that saying 'It's becau...Nice post. I agree that saying 'It's because they were stupid' just means that you'll /never/ be able to figure out why someone made a decision you don't understand, it's an easy answer that means you don't have to think about it.spinksville, as defined by common usage: 'Someo...Stupidity, as defined by common usage:<br /><br />'Someone is stupid when they make a choice you would not make for reasons you either cannot countenance or fathom.'Suicidal ZebraLearn how easy it is to sync an existing GitHub or Google Code repo to a SourceForge project! See Demo
You can subscribe to this list here.
Showing
1
results of 1
SoapUI 4.0.1 installer doesn't start on MacOS 10.5.8 without any error messages. Another times when I tried to start SoapUI installer MacOS has shut down unexpectedly. This result was even I tried to install earlier SoapUI's versions. I think the reason should be searching in the system configuration, but it very near to default. What can be a reason of this installation problem?
Thank you for a help.To say "the weather outside is frightful" would be something of an understatement! It has been SO COLD here lately that it has been weeks since we were above freezing!
That means it is really too cold for the kids to play outside for very long. So we have been trying to find other things to keep us busy. The kids have been very helpful in getting all of our holiday decorating done.
We got our tree decorated in record time! Well, the lower branches at least...
I may have redistributed the ornaments a little after the kids were done. But in either case, it turned out gorgeous!
The boys spent an entire afternoon working on their perler bead masterpieces. Now we have an entire fleet of perler bead ships to play with!
We have also rediscovered many of our board games and puzzles. It has been so cold that the boys are not allowed to go outside for recess at school, so we even sent some puzzles to school so that Jonah would have something else to do during recess.
It is supposed to warm up a little bit around here this weekend, so of course I am going to the mountains of Wyoming to visit my parents! Brrr! It is even colder there, but we are having our annual family Christmas party, and it will be fun for the kids to get to open presents from their grandparents, aunts and uncles, and cousins. Hopefully it will give them something new to play with during the cold winter months to come.
Speaking of Christmas, I will soon be reviewing and giving away a product I am pretty excited about! It is a Powerocks Magicstick, which will be the perfect techie gift for my husband. He is a Systems Admin for the IT department of our local university and sometimes it is SO HARD to know what to get him for Christmas. I think this will be the perfect stocking stuffer, don't you?
So what exactly is a Powerocks Magicstick? Powerocks, a 2013 Better Homes and Gardens Holiday Wish List gift item for techies, is a line of stylish and convenient portable chargers for a variety of mobile devices including most smartphones, MP3 players, tablets, GPS units, cameras, and eReaders. Compact and powerful, these colorful portable chargers will recharge your mobile devices on-the-go when life takes you away from an electrical outlet.
Cool, right? Watch for my review and giveaway coming up soon!
Linked up to Wordful Wednesday, Wordish Wednesday, and Wordless Wednesdays all over.
Your tree is gorgeous! The kids did a great job of decorating it! =)
LOve the tree! :)
Happy Wordless Wednesday! My entry is here.
Looks like we have been collecting the same Fisher Price ornaments. You caught on earlier though and have several I missed. I'm going to have to get them off Ebay! Beautiful tree. Where did you get the cool patterns for the perler beads?
Oh yeah, I need one of those magicsticks for my techie husband too!
Brrr! It's been frigid and snowy here now too! Love the pearler bead creations!
Such a stunning Christmas tree!
Have a fantastic week!
Happy Wordless Wednesday! My entry is here.
Have missed you on SHS lately and wanted to pop in and wish your family a very Merry Christmas. Hope you have a wonderful time with your family in Wyoming.Kim Kardashian’s mother has defended her daughter’s choice of name for her baby girl who was born on June 15. Kardashian and her boyfriend Kanye West have decided to call their daughter North.
Speaking on ABC’s The View, Kris Jenner said "I love the name North. I'm pro-North."
When asked by The View’s co-host Barbara Walters "I mean it's funny, but do you want your child named North West?" Jenner replied: "I love the name North. I'm pro-North, absolutely."
Jenner explained the name saying "The way she explained it to me was North means 'highest power,' and she says that North is [Kim and Kanye's] highest point together. And I thought that was really sweet."
Jenner added "You don't walk around calling somebody, 'Hi, North West.' You know, it's just North."
Walters quipped: "And they can go, you know, if they have other children, South West, East West. … Whatever they want, it's OK with us. They're an adorable couple."FOX
We’ve finished Hollywood Week on American Idol and, by the time you read this, Vegas Week. This means we’re approaching the live performances, when the contestants start getting winnowed down but, more important, we begin to see how the new judging panel interacts with the contestants, and each other, live and off the cuff.
I’ve said before that I don’t think we can really assess the judges until we see them live, without benefit of editing, and I’ve only been watching the audition rounds intermittently. (Only so many hours in a day, only so many years in a life.) So far, though, I’ve been decently impressed with the new panel’s camaraderie and willingness to take the job seriously and be critical. Of the three, though, only Steven Tyler has been especially interesting in himself, in the what-will-he-say-next way that Simon Cowell and Paula Abdul were.
Beyond that, the best thing I can say about the judges—and maybe this is the best thing they’d want said about them—is that they’re not getting in the way. What’s your judgment so far?NR level of cover do I get for my money?
-.
Download the Landlord Insurance policy booklet (PDF)Am Montag, den 15.01.2007, 17:55 -0500 schrieb Michael Krufky: >> > Hi, static int cinergy_ht_tuner_init(struct dvb_frontend *fe) { struct saa7134_dev *dev = fe->dvb->priv; static u8 data[] = { 0x3c, 0x33, 0x62}; struct i2c_msg msg = {.addr=0x08, .flags=0, .buf=data, .len = sizeof (data)}; if (i2c_transfer(&dev->i2c_adap, &msg, 1) != 1) return -EIO; return 0; } but reportedly Giogio uses philips_tiger_tuner_init on the medion quad. static int philips_tiger_tuner_init(struct dvb_frontend *fe) { struct saa7134_dev *dev = fe->dvb->priv; static u8 data[] = { 0x3c, 0x33, 0x6a}; struct i2c_msg msg = {.addr=0x08, .flags=0, .buf=data, .len = sizeof (data)}; if (i2c_transfer(&dev->i2c_adap, &msg, 1) != 1) return -EIO; return 0; } The cinergy pcmcia is only useful for the firmware upload. Cheers, HermannNo 139.30 crore.
The company management includes H Lakshmanan - Chairman, S I Jaffar Ali - Director, Martin Grammer - Director, C N Prasad - Director, Sujatha Balaji - Additional Non Exe.Non Ind.
Mary Stuart -
November 5 – 15, 2014
Mad About Munsch -
November 26 – December 6, 2014
Love For Love -
February 4 – 14, 2015
Peer Gynt -
April 7 – 18, 2015
Anna Karenina -
April 8 – 18, 2015
Ticket Information
By Friedrich Schiller
Translated by Hilary Collier Sy – Quia & Peter Oswald
Directed by Jeannette Lambermont – Morey
November 5 – 15, 2014
Friedrich Schiller’s fascinating play depicts the last days of Mary Stuart, former Queen of Scots. A sworn Catholic, and imprisoned in England, Mary’s very existence poses a threat, both personal and political, to her Protestant cousin, Elizabeth I. As Elizabeth hesitates over her rival’s fate, Mary pleads for a face-to-face meeting – but in the swirl of intrigue that surrounds both women, whom can either one trust? First performed in 1800, Schiller was not only interested in the character of Mary but also in the questions her detention and execution raised about legitimacy and power, the exercise of freedom, and the relationship between morality and politics. Mary Stuart is timeless in its depiction of political power games and the roles played — then as now — by charisma, duplicity, self-editing and what has come to be known as spin.
[Back to list of plays]
Based on the stories of Robert Munsch
Directed by James Simon
November 26 – December 6, 2014
George Brown’s 28th annual children’s show celebrates the world of Robert Munsch! Our theatre-for-young-audience shows have introduced tens of thousands of GTA children to the magic of live theatre over the past three decades. Robert Munsch’s spirited stories make young people, and the adults in their lives, smile, giggle, and want to read their favourites over and over again. Please join us we bring to the stage, the charming and infectious world of Munsch!
* suitable for children 3 years of age and up.
By William Congreve
Directed by Blair Williams
February 4- 14, 2015
Love for Love (1695) is a comical farce relishing in the verbal polish and theatrical wit that audiences’ so admire and love in Congreve. Valentine, Sir Sampson's dissolute eldest son, finds himself in financial straits; the only way out of his financial difficulties is to submit to his father's pressure to renounce his right of inheritance. While this suggestion immediately increases the chances of his younger brother Ben on the marriage market, Valentine's own chances with his beloved Angelica proportionally decreases. To avoid having to sign the renunciation Valentine pretends to be mad. Angelica, seeing through him, provokes him back into sanity by pretending to agree to marry his father. Valentine recovers, the lovers reunite, and Ben, too, finds the girl of his heart. In its day Love for Love was considered more successful than Congreve’s other restoration masterpiece, The Way of the World.
By Henrik Ibsen
Translated by Kenneth McLeish
Directed by Todd Hammond
April 7 – 18, 2015
Peer Gynt is the son of the once rich and highly regarded Jon Gynt, who has died and left Peer and his mother living in poverty. Peer wants to restore what his father has wrecked, but gets lost in boasting and daydreams. The story of a life based on procrastination and avoidance, Ibsen takes his protagonist on a journey from fantasizing boyhood to penitent old age. The play’s preoccupation with the tyranny of self and the transience of tycoonery resonate, soundly, with a 21st century audience. Ibsen wrote Peer Gynt in deliberate disregard of the limitations that conventional stagecraft of the 19th century imposed on drama. Its forty scenes move unreservedly through time and space and between consciousness and the unconscious, blending folkloric fantasy and unsentimental realism. Epic in scope, Peer Gynt is a feast for the eyes and soul.
By Leo Tolstoy
Adapted by Helen Edmundson
Directed by Allyson McMackon
April 7 – 18, 2015
A magnificent adaptation of Leo Tolstoy’s epic novel of vengeance, infidelity, and retribution, Anna Karenina is the moving story of people whose emotions conflict with the dominant social mores of their time. Torn between duty and passion, Anna struggles to make the choice between a cold husband, a beloved child, and the dashing Vronksy. Society turns against her, Anna becomes doubtful of Vronsky’s love and her world begins to fall apart. Helen Edmundson's hugely successful stage adaptation for Shared Experience Theatre Company won the Time Out award for the “Outstanding Theatrical Event” of 1992.
Box Office 416 866-8666Young Centre for the Performing Arts
50 Tankhouse Lane (at the corner of Mill and Cherry Streets)
Please note that prices include all taxes and service charges.
Rush tickets available for each performance – CASH ONLY
Groups of 10 or more please contact 416 866-8666
Evening performances begin at 7:30 p.m. and matinees at 1:30 p.m. (with the exception of MAD ABOUT MUNSCH)
MAD ABOUT MUNSCH
Public shows: Nov. 29 and Dec. 6 at 10:30 a.m. & 1:00 p.m.
Tickets available from the Young Centre box office.
Weekday school group shows Nov. 26 - 28 and Dec. 1 - 5 at 10:30 am and 1:00 pm
Please book weekday group shows through George Brown Theatre 416 415-5000 x2167
Adults and Seniors save 20% when you purchase 3 or more plays. Choose your plays now or later.Engineering specifications show exact measurements, power requirements and product options. Download Now
Waffles are a breakfast favorite, and recent trends are bringing savory waffles to the dinner menu, making this fluffy treat more versatile than ever. Express your waffle creativity with this easy to use Waffle Maker (WECCHCAS) from Eurodib. The Stainless steel frame holds one cast steel waffle iron that produces two Belgian style waffles. This waffle maker features a 90 degree opening that is perfect for establishments with limited countertop space..We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Hunt for the Marion Mccollum you are in search of with our people search tools. PeopleFinders.com has a detailed record book to help you find people on the basis of age, past residences, relatives, aliases, and more. Marion Mccollum was born in 1956 and is 58 years old. Known relatives include Renecea Mccollum.
We help to narrow your search for the accurate Marion Mccollum by making use of any info that we have on hand. Trace the correct Marion with the assistance of details, such as past residences and known aliases. Look for additional personal information, including background checks, criminal profiles, and email addresses on PeopleFinders.com. If this Marion is not the person you're in search of, check the list of people with the last name Mccollum above. This list could include name, age, location, and relatives.
Add extra information into the search fields above to narrow down your results. A first name, middle name, last name, city, state and/or age can be the missing piece to tracing Marion Mccollum. Once you locate the Marion Mccollum you are in search of, you can then browse all the public records info we have on Marion Mccollum with the help of our extensive databank, which makes collecting details about anyone fast and easy.Please do not reply directly to this email. All additional comments should be made in the comments box of this bug. Summary: Toolchain next steps Summary: Toolchain next steps Product: Fedora Documentation Version: devel Platform: All OS/Version: Linux Status: NEW Severity: medium Priority: low Component: project-tracking AssignedTo: kwade redhat com ReportedBy: mel redhat com QAContact: kwade redhat com CC: fedora-docs-list redhat com Classification: Fedora Sorting out what fedora-doc-utils does, where to use Publican, etc. -- Principals to discuss status, progress, direction on IRC. -- Configure bugmail: ------- You are receiving this mail because: ------- You are on the CC list for the bug.If you're in town for the NW game and want to see some future UM guys playing prep ball then considering a short drive to Saline Friday night. Game is at 7 and it's the 3rd round (elite 8) and Regional Championship in Division 1 Michigan High School Football.
Should be a great game. Cass Tech (Defending State Champs) have at least 7 Div I seniors. Including Jourdan Lewis and David Dawson. Damon Webb is heavy on Michigan's radar and they have 3 or 4 other Div I guys in that Junior class. Probably another 3 or 4 Sophomores that will play Div I ball.
Saline has had a great season under new coach Joe Palka who came from Whitmer in Toledo. Ex UM TE Kevin Koger is on his staff and even though Saline does not have a stud Div I kid .... they do play very well together as a team and should be able to hold their own vs Cass Tech.
It's $5 and a great time.]
Edit Your Comment
Well they just all made my list.
Yours,
Richard Nixon.
How many new advertisers do you think will join this list now due to the bad publicity?
Why is LiveJournal on the list?
Oh, Sony Online Entertainment…still desperately grasping at potential users.
Zappos, you are now, sadly, history to me.
even more bad publicity for face book
Facebook Inc. is seeking a Canadian court order that would force Rogers Communications Inc. and Look Communications Inc. to hand over details identifying hackers who may have stolen personal information from people on the popular social-networking Web site.
The California-based company says it needs customer information from the Canadian Internet providers for a civil lawsuit it has filed against the unnamed hackers, who gained unauthorized access to Facebook’s system.
Court documents allege the hackers may have swiped personal information about Facebook members, including user names, passwords and e-mail addresses.
It is not clear how many Facebook customers were affected or where the hackers live.
The alleged incidents occurred between June 1 and June 15, with the hackers improperly gaining access to Facebook’s private data system more than 200,000 times during that period, the lawsuit says.
I contacted facbook about this whole issue explaining that I want to see an opt-in method or at worst an opt-out. They responded by assuring me that beacon will not send anything without my approval and a bunch of other garbage.
I wrote them back and let them know that I don’t want to be pestered by every little thing I might due on a website. Haven’t heard back from them.
The main thing I want them to know is that the entire program is unsuitable for me. It seems like the facebook people have in their head that the users will just come around…there is no coming around for me. Either they disable the feature or give us an option to.
On the upside I only use three of those websites…and one very seldom…so I won’t be getting a lot of beacon requests anytime soon.
I only use one of those sites, Trip Advisor.
But thank you for posting the list for me, the lazy.
This may turn into one of those updated sagas, just less frequemtly than Walmart and their SS shirts.
I recently ordered food from and it asked me if I wanted everyone to know that I had just ordered Mad Greeks Pizza. No, I’m good thanks. I’m not sure of the parent company, but it’s there.
How to block Beacon in Firefox:
Wikihow
Sad that it’s come to this. I just wrote a letter to Blockbuster, Zappos, NYT, and Yelp informing them that I will no longer be a customer if they participate in invasive advertising.
Facebook has no reason to change unless the people giving them money (the businesses, not we customers) start applying pressure.
ElizabethD, please write Zappos so they know why you won’t be a customer anymore.
does anyone have a link to an article with cliffs about what this Beacon thing is all about? I’ve been reading stories about how bad it is, but I haven’t seen anything that actually explains what it is doing… or “supposed to do”
I’d be mad at LiveJournal, but I’m still stuck on “bought out by a pro-Putin Russian oligarch, eliminating a major platform for free speech in Russia and, also, will I still be allowed to post pictures of shirtless Putin?”
Oh, no, not Zappos! They were so GOOD otherwise.
If I don’t have a Facebook, should I be worried? The only thing I have on this list is a login at NYTimes.com.
Once again, blocking Beacon using the technique in the WikiHow article DID NOT WORK for me. (I double-checked that I had followed instructions properly.) Allposters tried to send a story to my news feed anyway.
The one site on that list that really bothers me – even though I don’t use it – is Kiva. Is Facebook really going to say “John Smith lent $25 to a small business in Bangladesh”? WTF?
@BrandonOBrien: Essentially, it (a) allows companies to post things about your activity onto your Facebook page if you approve, and (b) allows those companies to send data about your activity to Facebook WITHOUT YOUR APPROVAL.
Thanks! It’s good to know what to avoid.
This is all completely avoidable by NOT installing the Beacon “application” on Facebook, right??
Missing from the list (mentioned in the press release):
CollegeHumor
Busted Tees
iWon
Citysearch
Pronto.com
echomusic
Travelocity
@pinkbunnyslippers: No. It’s not an application. You don’t have a choice as to whether these sites will collect this information about you.
I love Zappos, I can’t believe that they’re in on this.
@phantomfly:
Ok then, that’s where I’m confused. How do any of these sites know what your facebook account is in order to send the information?
@phantomfly: Thanks for catching all of those. I’ve added them to the list in the post.
I should just set all those sites in my hosts file to 127.0.0.1 for starters.
The PC World/Computer Associates story that revealed how much more Facebook was actually stealing used Epicurious.com as an example and that’s not on here either.
I’m bummed about Zappos. I might just write to them.
I was surprised about Kiva, too, but then I remembered that on the Causes application, if you give money, it registers on the application itself(there’s a line that says $X donated”.) I’m guessing that’s why they’re linked?
I’ve never shopped at those places anyway. Facebook somehow needs to learn that only “yes” implies consent — anything otherwise is… well… insert your own terms here.
@thatblackgirl: Apparently, the Beacon-affiliated sites are reporting back to Facebook on your actions regardless of whether you are a Facebook member or not: see here for some toned-down techniness.
Which would mean that while the date isn’t being shown on Facebook for nonmembers, it’s still being collected.
Also, funny related story on NYT: Zuckerburg wants his privacy when information points to his stealing Facebook’s code and idea from fellow students. He wants to opt out of having those documents shared? Aww, that’s precious.
@phantomfly: Sorry it didn’t work for you. I did notice a typo in the Wikihow:
Where it says type in “http*://*facebook.com/beacon/*”, you should really type in “http://*facebook.com/beacon/*” (of course without the quotes). Note that it incorrectly instructs you to put in an additional asterisk after the http, but in the image, shows that’s not the right code — use the one in bold here.
Obvs, that needs an edit on the page.
@hiphopnerd: Odds are that facebook installs a cookie that identifies you with a unique user number or something (thus this only working if you tell Facebook to “remember you” at login). Beacon participants probably look for this cookie, and then send Facebook the activity info paired with your user number. Facebook matches the user number to a user, and there you go.
All in all, the best way to make this a non-issue is to just cancel your Facebook account, if you have one. Facebook is pretty useless anyway, I don’t understand why so many people have so much difficulty dumping it.
@kimsama: Wow, four in a row? I suck. Also, I edited the Wikihow with the correct line you’ll want to add in.
I tested it on Yelp and Blockbuster with FF 2.0.0.11 and it notified me it was blocking Beacon, and then I checked FB and indeed, nothing had shown up.
@Andy S.: It’s a good way to keep in touch with old friends. I know I’ve got a HS reunion coming up, and everyone is using it for that purpose – a joining place of sorts.
But this is absolutely ridiculous. I thought Beacon was just an application, but now that I know this is just a really sneaky spyware-type scam, I’m not a fan!
I’m still loving the double standards associated with social networking. No one is afraid to submit all kinds of personal data to a website over an unsecure connection with the potential of it easily being sniped by a third party, but everyone’s up in arms about a service which discloses purchasing and surfing habits to the same community they’ve already given all their information to? Silly.
@DrGirlfriend: I’m shocked that Kiva is on that list too. I mean, Kiva’s a non-profit for microloans to small businesses in developing countries. They’ve got a lot to lose if donors can’t trust them.
going by what is says on the facebook website about beacon its added to the webpage’s of the companies that opt in
Add 3 lines of code and reach millions of users.
it says your supposta be alerted and given the option to opt out
I just canceled my account. (“Deactivated” is what they said on the site. I wonder if it is possible to erase it altogether?)
Thanks for the informative article.
campusfood.com is also participating. i ordered dinner online last night and it asked me if i wanted it to post on my profile.
@Andy S.:
That would make sense…but then how does that correspond to the statement that some of those analyzing the code have said- that the partner sites are sending everyone’s info, whether they belong to facebook or not?
I have a hard time dumping Facebook simply because it has friends that I don’t see on MySpace, and friends that I don’t really want to share with on MySpace. However, the interface (and now this) are thoroughly horrible and annoying. The only company on that list I use is LiveJournal, and even that I only have to read, not to post.
I may have to look at who I really care about on Facebook and then terminate my account after contacting them.
@kimsama: Re. Zuckerman and his own “privacy issues”â€”there’s a post on that going up a little later today. :)
@kimsama & @Andy S.: That’s the sketchball thing, the information is being collected regardless of your use of the website. if you can track down the legit TOS and not the dumbed down, non legal one on their site you’ll see it mentions that they reserve the right to collect information about you from various sources regardless of your use of the website.
@m0unds: I don’t get this either man.
Have none of you seen: [] ??
@Chris Walters: Cool beans. ^_^
@othium: Apparently you would have to delete each and every album, wall post, etc and withdraw from every group — if you deactivate and then sign back on with the old username and password, it apparently still has all your data:
From this site (U.K) and this one.
Is the Redlight company Red Light Runner which sells Out of Print Apple stuff?
I deleted (not just deactivated) my account yesterday. I was an early adopter, but the clutter on the site and now this have pushed me over the edge. Yes, it was a useful way of tracking people, but it’s not worth dealing with it now that it’s turned evil.
@kimsama:
I deleted every bit of information and then emailed privacy@facebook.com and told them I wanted the account deleted permanently. It seems to have worked.
@kimsama:
I emailed privacy@facebook.com and asked them to remove all of my data information from their servers, since “deactivating” my account seemed exactly the same as logging out. I got some form reply, but after a couple of emails back and forth I was finally told that in order to get my information erased, I should:
1) log into Facebook and delete all my profile information, then
2) email privacy@facebook.com and inform them that I had done so and to erase my account.
I recieved an email back stating that my information had been erased from their servers, and sure enough I was told that I needed an account to log in. Whether I was truly erased or not I’m not sure, but I certainly can’t log in using my old user name/pw. Good riddance to bad luggage, I say.
@phantomfly:
Iwon is still in business?
Why & How?
Who is stupid enough to waste time there?
Besides, of course, the morons that respond to Nigerian emails.
Add Fandango – they gave me a beacon popup when I bought some tickets earlier this week.
@Rectilinear Propagation: Judging by the ad on saw on somebody’s blog last night, LiveJournal is using Beacon to announce when users have added new blog entries.
I imagine that they’ll eventually expand it to things like announcing when users leave comments on other blogs.
contact zappos: []
they’re too good to be part of this.
Epicurious should definitely be on there. I tested it a day or two ago and they were still participating.
I wonder about this now that LiveJournal has sold out to the Ruskies. You can bet I’ll be informing everyone on my comrades list.
@mrnovum:
I fucking HATE fandango.
Now that we know all about Beacon, Facebook’s online marketing initiative, we can feel better knowing that Facebook is striving to respect their users’ privacy. Yeah right!
@phantomfly
Perhaps the first * is to include [] as well as []
a guess….Aaron V. McAlvay taught at the University of Michigan Law School, 1898-1903.
Date of Birth: 1847 Date of Death: 1915
BiographyAARON VANCE McALVAY was born at Ann Arbor, Michigan, July 19, 1847, son of Patrick Hamilton and Sarah (Drake) McAlvay. His father was Scotch-Irish; his mother was born in New Jersey, of Puritan ancestry. He received his preparatory education in the public schools of Ann Arbor and entered the University of Michigan in 1864. After three years he changed to the Law Department, and was graduated Bachelor of Laws in 1869. In 1881 the Regents conferred upon him the degree of Bachelor of Arts as of the class of 1868. After his graduation in law he spent a year in the law office of Hiram J. Beakes, of Ann Arbor, and one year in the law office of Lawrence and Frazer, also of this city. He entered upon the practice of his profession at Manistee, Michigan, in November, 1871. He was city attorney at Manistee for three terms, prosecuting attorney for one term, supervisor for two terms, and deputy collector of customs for two terms. He was also Circuit Judge by appointment in 1878-1879, and again in 1901-1902. In 1901 he was elected Circuit Judge for the full term of six years from January 1 following, but resigned the office after three years, having been chosen at the November election of 1904 a Justice of the State Supreme Court for the term extending from January 1, 1905, to January 1, 1908. In 1897 he accepted a call to the University of Michigan, serving the first year as Acting Professor of Law, and from 1898 to 1903 as Professor of Law. His subject the first year was Equity Jurisprudence; after that he lectured on Wills and Administration and on Domestic Relations.He was married at Ann Arbor, December 9, 1872, to Barbara Bassler, and they have had six children: Harry S., Carl Emil (Ph.B. 1898), Bayard T., Sarah Drake (A.B. 1904), Barbara Hamilton (now a student in the University), and Margrethe (deceased). Residence, — Lansing, Michigan.
-- From "History of the University of Michigan" by Burke Aaron Hinsdale. Published by the University of Michigan in 1906.
Publications
Papers
Lectures
Class Notes
Oral HistoryIt's over two months since I got back from honeymoon, but I didn't have a blog then to post pictures to. Also, I've just finished properly going through all the photos again - plus I entered one of them into a National Geographic competition and it won!!
The honeymoon, for those who don't know, was a trip on the transmongolian railway - St Petersburg to Beijing by rail. I'm currently working on an article about the trip (and I've already blogged about my favourite food places), so this is a cherry-pick of only a tiny number of photos from the 4GB of memory cards that we filled, that don't really fit in anywhere else.
Starting in St Petersburg... more to follow shortly.
3 comments:
Congratulations on winning with your photo!
Wow, you've done alot of travelling. Thanks for your comment on my blog. I can't read Russian but I was wondering what flavour of chips those are, it looks like a bowl of mushrooms. Do they have perogi flavoured chips in Russia?
Those ones are mushroom & sour cream flavour. Really yummy! I had to go and google 'perogi', must have missed those - certainly didn't see any other strange flavours of crisps. Thanks for dropping by :)
Thanks for dropping in! I'd love to hear what you have to say, and if you leave a URL, I'll be round to visit you soon. (Comment moderation is on because the spam has become overwhelming!)Another support to $2,422 per-full time equivalent (FTE) student at SUNY community colleges. The base aid increase is $150 per-FTE student, which is the second consecutive increase in community college base aid. This aid increase supports the tuition for the student and also supports the operations of the university, therefore reducing the impact on the counties that support the colleges.
In order to assist counties SUNY is also required to create a standard certificate of residence form, establish a uniform methodology for calculating community college chargeback, create an online chargeback training program and assist in the development and implementation of an online or electronic chargeback billing system. This transparency in the standard certificate is crucial in correctly billing the appropriate communities, which has often been a bone of contention in the past years as community college costs have steadily increased.
The budget also creates the Graduation, Achievement and Placement (GAP) program, which will provide $1.7 million to fund a comprehensive remedial education plan for SUNY community colleges as well as $3 million in incentive funding for SUNY community college certificate and workforce programs based upon certain measures of student success. It is no secret that aadequate funding for local community colleges is imperative to create a highly skilled workforce which will grow our region as we transition more people into the workforce.
The budget restores $27.8 million for SUNY Hospitals for a total of $87.8 million. It provides $4.1 million through the Office of Temporary Disability Assistance for Advanced Technology Training and Information Networking Labs (ATTAIN) and an additional $994,160 in direct support for ATTAIN labs. In addition, the budget includes $1.7 million to SUNY child care centers, a $653,000 restoration.
Additionally, the budget provides a 3 percent increase in funding for college opportunity programs, including:
- $25 million to the Higher Education Opportunity Program (HEOP), an increase of $728,040
- $21.7 million to the Educational Opportunity Program (EOP), an increase of $632,430
- $12.9 million to the Liberty Partnerships Program, an increase of $376,250
- $11.1 million to the Science and Technology Entrance Program (STEP), an increase of $324,030
- $8.4 million to the Collegiate Science and Technology Entry Program (CSTEP), an increase of $245,520
This budget continues the strong commitment to higher education by increasing funding to the SUNY system, ensuring our young people have access to a quality and affordable education. As we know a college education is needed in today’s competitive job market and by keeping college affordable we are investing in our students and our state’s future.
Any money in the budget John, to start a community college in downtown Albany?
Know there is not. There has been no direct effort to establish a community college central to Albany County as acquiring a charter for such college is a large effort and the university system probably does not see a need due to the proximity of two community colleges in Troy and Schenectady. As you know the County has invited SCCC to be a part of Albany downtown and this might be the beginning of something good. Time and participation will tell.
Recent reports by the Rockefeller Institute indicate that the Chancellor is reviewing all community colleges in regards to their focus and mission. I would think that we will not see the elimination or addition of any more colleges but I do believe we will see even greater symmetry between the network of community colleges in the region and the state.
HVCC with 13,000 students is bigger than UAlbany, and has people hanging from the rafters on most days… as for the degree of difficulty to start one, SUNY is certainly not going to support “competition” in its own back yard. But a bottom up, community generated, groundswell of support could make all the difference in an effort to get a community college up and running in Albany. UAlbany does not meet this community’s needs, especially when it comes to 2-year technical training, that so well suits young people from the inner city, who can neither afford no have the apptitude for the liberal arts education offered at UAlbany’s 4-year campus. You, who live in Cohoes, merely have to cross the bridge to access HVCC’s services but students from Albany, in many instances have to spend 10 hours a week traveling to Troy and/or Schenectdy. It is all about access, John….and fairness…
and doing right by your constituents….especially those in Albany.National Summit Keynote Address
In a rare campaign-related appearance, Ms. Rice spoke about several national security issues. She emphasized “the… read more
In a rare campaign-related appearance, Ms. Rice spoke about several national security issues. She emphasized “the challenges that we face in the War on Terror.” She discussed the threat of weapons of mass destruction and asserted that the availability of these weapons has declined due to “President Bush’s initiative.” She spoke about relations between the U.S. and Libya, Pakistan, and other nations. Following her remarks, Ms. Rice responded to questions from members of the audience. close
People in this video
- Condoleezza Rice National Security Adviser White House
Hosting Organization
More Videos From
National Summit Keynote Address
Related Video
Emerging Threats to National Security
Mr. Kay, former chief U.N. weapons inspector in Iraq, talked about emerging threats to national security. The…
Proliferation Security Initiative
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice hosted and addressed the Washington Diplomatic Corps to mark the second anniversary…
The Global War on Terror
Mr. Ross moderated a panel discussion between former Congressmen Levine and Paxon. The speakers discussed the…
Iraqi Weapons of Mass Destruction
Mr. Duefler and General McMenamin testified about a report on pre-war intelligence in Iraq and the nature and…Paula Deen: After Today Show, Caesars Cancels Contract (Video)
After skipping out on Matt Lauer late last week, Paula Deen made an appearance on the Today show this morning to address the scandal that hit the celebrity chef last week -- but is it too late?
Deen, who was listed as the fourth-highest-earning chef in 2012 by Forbes, had the rug pulled out from under her when both Food Network and Smithfield terminated relationships with her after a deposition emerged that had the Southern personality admitting she had used the N-word.
See also: Paula Deen Slavery Comment: National Enquirer Says They Have Taped Proof
Speaking on Today, the cooking-show host was emotional as she denied allegations she was a racist.
"I believe that every one of God's creatures was created equal," Deen said. "I believe that everyone should be treated equal. That's the way I was raised, and that's the way I live my life."
When Lauer asked her if this interview was merely an attempt to "stop the financial bleeding" of her empire and that, as a businesswoman, would she have fired herself? "Knowing me? No," was the reply. Deen then noted that several of her business partners, like QVC and Novo Nordisk, did not drop her.
Wrapping up the interview, Deen referenced the Bible, saying, ."
Though Deen has her supporters, like theWe Support Paula Deen Facebook page with more than 400,000 followers, it seems that one interview is not enough to change the opinions of many. The Today website has just reported that "Caesars Entertainment Corporation announced that it had reached an agreement not to continue a business relationship with Deen's company, Paula Deen Enterprises."
Watch the entire segment here:
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economyMay 30, 2013, 5:44 pm
Nuggets’ Danilo Gallinari might not return until mid-January or February
Nuggets forward Danilo Gallinari (left knee surgery) was originally slated to return to action around Jan. 1, but Gallo confirmed by text Thursday that he might not return until later in January or maybe even February.
While Gallinari underwent meniscus surgery four weeks ago, he had a slight delay and won’t have the anterior cruciate ligament surgery for another two weeks, he told “CJ and Kreckman” on 102.3 ESPN.
Here are some more details.
Benjamin Hochman: bhochman@denverpost.com or twitter.com/nuggetsnews
Article Comments- Tickets >
- Concerts Tickets >
- Alternative Tickets >
- Matchbox Twenty Tickets >
- Matchbox Twenty & The Goo Goo Dolls June 30 Tickets
Matchbox Twenty - Get yours Today!
In addition to Matchbox Twenty Concerts tickets for June 30 in Cincinnati, we also offer Jiffy Lube Live, North Dakota State Fairgrounds and Capitol Theatre concert tickets, as well as seats for Riverbend Music Center hot events and more.You can now purchase Matchbox Twenty June tickets from ticketsinventory; moreover, we assure the availability of Bear Hands, Minnesota and The Thickness major classical music concerts tickets including those taking place in Riverbend Music Center and much more.We carry tickets to all the Riverbend Music Center most important concert tours including Knockout, The Cashore Marionettes and Y100 Jingle Ball music festivals as well as Matchbox Twenty Concerts June tickets or even classical music tickets at low prices.
Related Matchbox Twenty events:
- Matchbox Twenty Riverbend Music Center tickets 2013
- Matchbox Twenty tickets Cincinnati 2013
- Cincinnati tickets concerts
- Riverbend Music Center events 2013About this comic
You may have noticed, but I enjoy stupid puns, plays on words, and pop-culture mashups. I think today’s comic qualifies as one of those. And what can I say…I couldn’t get it out of my head. So there.
Oh, and for those not familiar with the awesome Humble Indie Bundles, click that business. Some good causes and stuff.
Wouldn’t that be a Humble Indy Bindle?
I thought about that, but these things are also called Bundles, and it felt better rolling off the tongue.
I’ve often pondered about starting my own line of Fashion Bindles, for your ‘catwalk’ hobo.
Hubble Undie Bindle
I’m thinking NASA dude, out of work during the govt. shutdown?
Really, I just like saying it.
I think the fact that he has his pinky finger out shows that he’s on the fancy side of adventure.“Ubi Caritas” (Ola Gjeilo), sung by The CWU Chamber Choir, Gary Weidenaar, director.
In mid-April, 2011, composer Ola Gjeilo spent 3 days on the Central Washington University Campus to join the choir in recording 3 of his pieces, (the teaser/trailer URL is found below)This performance of Gjeilo’s “Ubi Caritas” is from that session, following a rendition in which the composer joined the choir and improvised an accompaniment (URL below). In this video the choir sings the piece in its published (unaccompanied) version.
Ubi caritas et amor, Deus ibi est
(Where charity and love are, there is God)Macklin: World title bout vs Lee would be massive
Matthew Macklin has said he would love to fight Andy Lee for the world title, and that a fight between the two in Dublin "would be massive".
Matthew Macklin has said he would love to fight Andy Lee for the world title, and that a fight between the two in Dublin "would be massive"..
Andy Lee says the 'monkey is off his back' now he is world champion, claiming his opponent Peter Quillin will be the one under the cosh in their WBO middleweight title fight on Saturday..
Newly-crowned WBO middleweight world champion Andy Lee fulfilled another dream today as he raised his world title belt aloft on arrival at Shannon Airport before attending a civic reception in Limerick.
WBO champion Andy Lee ecstatic with Limerick homecoming
Andy Lee's triumphant arrival at ShannonStill in Zambia, I have been advised that a real estate development company in South Africa, ARCON Africa, is commencing a whisper campaign designed to promote an African hunting fractional ownership offering at this year's hunting conventions. In fact, this write-up and an e-mail bulletin I sent out last month are the opening shots in what will soon be a barrage of promotional activities surrounding the project.
I agreed to spread the word of this development as a service to paid subscribers with an explicit understanding that I am not promoting the project at this point or endorsing it. All I am saying is, the project is an interesting one that deserves the attention of hunters who want to insure themselves a future place to hunt in southern Africa.
Like the rest of the hunting community, I am in the dark as to the full scope of the ARCON project. The actual share offering will not occur until January, 2007. In the meantime, I do know the project is called African Private Residential Wildlife Club, and it involves fractional ownership in up to six different hunting properties in Zambia, Namibia, Mozambique, Botswana, South Africa and Zimbabwe.
The first property that will be open to fractional ownership is one in Zambia called Dendro........(continued)[ A Beer Company Is Making It Easier for People To Cheat In Clubs By Baby Boy March 4, 2013 Leave it up to a beer company to come up with an innovative and controversial way for beer lovers to get some extra time in at the bar. Read More Category: Weird News Tags: bar, beer, cheating, club, teletransporter Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!- News
- Sports
- Business
- Entertainment
- Community
- Lifestyles
- Opinion
- Driveway
- National
Woman praises brave bystanders who helped man in crash
A woman who witnessed a three-vehicle pile-up on Fraser Highway is saying several bystanders leapt into action, putting their own lives at risk to save one elderly man’s truck from crashing down an embankment on Friday.
According to Langley RCMP, a 77-year-old Langley man had suffered a medical event and was driving himself to hospital on Fraser Highway when he smashed his Dodge pickup into the back of a Chev pickup, which then in turn hit a GMC pickup, sending it partially down an embankment near 244 Street.
The 74-year-old Langley man in the GMC truck, whose white pickup was teetering and could have gone further down the shoulder, was unconscious and bleeding from his nose from the crash, said police.
Laurie Ng said she heard the bang and ran to her driveway to see what had happened, when she saw the pickup truck with the bleeding elderly man inside.
“I saw this one guy trying to prevent it from rolling and another guy at the bumper doing the same thing,” said Ng. “Then it was man after man throwing himself onto the tottering truck . . . Those brave men held tight until the wounded driver could be helped from his truck.”
That senior citizen did regain consciousness and Ng brought out her First Aid kit and a blanket and tended to the injured driver until paramedics arrived. That senior citizen did regain consciousness by the time police arrived. He was taken to hospital, as was the driver whose medical distress caused the three-way rear-ender, confirmed Langley RCMP. He didn’t have a valid driver’s license and was ticketed for that.
Everyone is going to be OK from the crash which shut down Fraser Highway for a short time.
All those who helped are heroes in Ng’s eyes.
Community Events, May 2015
Read the latest eEdition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.
May 15 edition online now. Browse the archives.Ducks winger Corey Perry was named as one of three final contenders for the Ted Lindsay Award as the most outstanding player as selected by the union membership.
Perry joins Vancouver's Daniel Sedin and Tampa Bay's Steven Stamkos as finalists for the award, which was the Lester B. Pearson Award until it was renamed in 2009 to honor the Hall of Famer Lindsay for his role in establishing the players' union.
All three are finalists for the players' honor for the first time. Washington Capitals superstar Alex Ovechkin has been the recipient of the last three awards.
The Ted Lindsay Award will be announced on June 22 at the NHL awards show in Las Vegas, the same evening that the Hart winner will be revealed between Perry, Sedin and Tampa Bay's Martin St. Louis.
See this post in its original form, and read more on Ducks blog.-  UML4ODP plug-in for MagicDraw facilitates the development of ODP systems specifications according to the guidelines provided by the ISO and ITU-T UML4ODP standard.
Plug-in provides the following features:
- It serves to UML modelers as a guide to the use of the UML4ODP profile, since it customizes the MagicDraw environment and facilitates the identification and usage of the different ODP-specific elements.
- It allows UML modelers to specify all the different kinds of elements defined in the five ODP viewpoints, using the sets of UML Profiles for ODP systems defined in ISO/IEC 19793 | ITU-T X.906. This includes the ability to create and design models of ODP systems using the UML diagrams defined in UML4ODP:
- the ODP_SystemSpec model;
- the Enterprise Viewpoint model, and its related diagrams (e.g., behaviour);
- the Information Viewpoint model, and its related diagrams;
- the Computational Viewpoint model, and its related diagrams (e.g., sequence diagrams);
- the Engineering Viewpoint model, and its related diagrams;
- the Technology Viewpoint model, and its related diagrams; and
- the Correspondence model.
- It enables the validation of all user viewpoint models, by checking that they fulfill all constraints prescribed by UML4ODP and RM-ODP. Errors or warnings found in the models during the validation process are clearly reported to the user, showing the precise elements where the conflicts were found. Endpoints at correspondence links can be also validated.Narain Karthikeyan's hopes of a triumphant return to Formula One at the Australian Grand Prix after a six-year break may yet be put on ice with concerns that the untested Hispania (HRT) cars may struggle to meet minimum pace in qualifying.
With the "107 per cent" rule re-introduced this season after being cancelled last year to help the championship's new teams, Karthikeyan must coax his car to within 107 per cent1'11 earlier this month but Karthikeyan and his Italian teammate," he added.
IMPORTANT YEAR.
."First qualify and then finish the race, we will see," he added.
this
Comment
articleLast Activity: 3 Weeks Ago 02:04 AM
About Me
- About theSyko501
- 03:17 AM.(23-7) went 6:28 over the third and fourth quarters without scoring. Section missed 20 straight shots during the stretch.
Katie King led the defending champion Tigers with 17 points and six assists, and also grabbed eight rebounds. Kala Bess added 13 points while Shea Howell grabbed 10 rebounds and scored nine points.
Emily Dutton scored 12 points and grabbed 11 rebounds for Section.
The victory sets up Thursday's 4 p.m. championship game with Reeltown.EPL - Mirecourt Airport Limo & Car Service
Compare free quotes from the best EPL airport limo services.
Welcome to the most respected source for affordable ground transportation to and from Mirecourt Airport. A few clicks and you'll receive instant price quotes for the best limo services for Mirecourt Airport.Breaking News
World's Strongest Man Brian Shaw deadlifts 442.5 kilos, which is basically a horse
- From: news.com.au
- September 03, 2013
THIS man is stronger than you. This we say with full confidence, without knowing who you are or how much you can lift.
The man's name is Brian Shaw, and in this incredible video, he deadlifts 442.5 kilos. Deadlifting is a form of powerlifting where you have to lift to about waist height, rather than above your head.
Some say this epic feat of strength is a world record, while other claim the real world record is actually 457.5 kilos. There is no hard and fast set of records for stuff like this, as there is for say, Olympic weightlifting.
But all you really need to know is, Brian Shaw is one seriously strong dude. In fact, he's the current holder of the World's Strongest Man title. You also need to know that the weight he just lifted is about the same as a racehorse.
The 31-year-old from Colorado started out his athletic career as a handy college basketballer. Always naturally strong, he got hooked on weights at college and things more or less progressed from there.
In an interview with The New Yorker last year, he told of an encounter he had at the age of 23 with American weight training guru Richard Sorin, who by chance saw him lift a large weight.
"He said that my kind of strength was unbelievable," Shaw recalled. "It was a one in a million. If I didn't do something with my abilities, I was stupid. That was pretty cool."
Shaw, as you'd imagine, is no small human. He's not only seriously tall at 203cm, but is said to have a neck wider than most men's thighs, and weighs 200 kilos. So in other words, he just lifted well over two times his own weight.
Have a look at him again. That's no mean feat.
Shaw is said to be single. If you're interested, ladies, it's safe to assume he'll have no problem carrying you over the threshold on your wedding night.
Have your say“We.”Dr. Vicki Belo (Belo Medical Group) Beauty business
Belo Medical Group is definitely on track in its growth plans for 2008. Actually our growth plan covers a five-year strategic program starting in 2007 up to 2012. The game plan is to calibrate BMG and prepare the organization to embrace unprecedented growth in the global medical tourism picture.Joji Ilagan-Bian (Tumble Tot) Educational institutions, business process outsourcing
I believe that 2008 will be a year full of positive challenges—positive because I think there may be greater concerns to hurdle—but once we will be able to address these “positive problems,” business will be better. The outlook for small and medium sized businesses (like what I have) is bright—there will be more markets for us. One of the challenges is also to look beyond the Mindanao borders as a good market for products and services; be more flexible and creative in doing business, which we can easily do because of our size.Vicki Jardiolin (Natasha and Confetti) Direct selling and retail
Natasha [a direct selling company] had growth of about 20 percent. We started and intend to expand the Natasha Mall—a section in our catalogue where established brands such as Bobson, Bossini, Confetti, Dickies, Hanford, Nafnaf and Oshkosh display their selected products as in a real mall. Expansion of kids’ line are also planned. Expecting OFW remittances to increase purchases of apparel and personal care items though a strong peso is a cause for concern. This may dampen spending somewhat especially after the holiday spending.Read the article here.!!
18 Ratings!!
Start your day with a yogurt parfait with lots of fresh fruit & crunchy granola.AZ
AZ: “Red Magic”
AZ drops the lead single from the upcoming Doe or Die II album
Cover Art For AZ’s Upcoming Single “Red Magic”
Cover art for the new single off Doe Or Die
Doo Wop Ft. AZ: Practice
DJ Doo Wop and AZ link up for their second collaboration in the past week.
Doo Wop Ft. AZ: Echo Park
DJ Doo Wop enlists AZ for his new single “Echo Park” off his upcoming mixtape.
AZ: I Excel
AZ takes on Cookin' Soul production for his latest drop "I Excel."
AZ: Oil Money Gang (Freestyle)
While he continues to ready Doe or Die 2, AZ takes on Rick Ross and Jadakiss' "Oil Money Gang" for a new freestyle.
AZ: Thank You
AZ releases visuals for his recently released track “Thank You.”
Raekwon Ft. AZ & Altrina Renee: 86 (Remix)
Raekwon releases visuals and mp3 for a new track, "86" remix, featuring AZ and Altrina Renee.
AZ Considering Retirement After He Releases “Doe Or Die II”
AZ talks his future plans, which include putting the mic down for good after he releases his forthcoming Doe Or Die II album
AZ Talks “Doe Or Die 2″
AZ speaks on the sequel to his 1995 classic debut LP, Doe or Die
AZ: My N*ggas (Prod. by Buckwild)
AZ releases the street single from his upcoming album, Doe or Die
AZ Addresses Linking Up With Nas, Gives Update On Doe or Die 2
AZ gives an update on his future plans for releasing new material
AZ Ft. Cormega: Murda On Da Daily
AZ and Cormega link up for the Bombshell Presents The Premix
AZ: Jealousy (Freestyle)
New freestyle from AZ. Doe Or Die: 15th Anniversary Edition is available on iTunes
AZ – Gimme Yours 2010
AZ lets loose a new visual for the Statik Selektah produced Gimme Yours 2010, in preparation for the release of the Doe or Die 15th
AZ Ft. Josh Xantus -Gimme Yours 2010 (Prod. by Statik Selektah)
New music from the 15th Anniversary Edition of Doe or DieYou are using an outdated browser. Please
upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
:
You Are Just One Picture Away to a whole New Feeling...
Be the first to ask IQlyciouz a question!
200
characters remaining
© 2015 eMinor Incorporated
All trademarks are the property of the respective owners. ReverbNation is not affiliated with the trademark owners.
Not listening to anything?
Try one of the ReverbNation ChannelsRecyclebank is having their best rewards sale ever -- 75% off select Recyclebank rewards! Just click on Rewards and then Cyber Monday to find the complete list. My favorite is the King's Arthur Flour printable coupon for just 12 points.
But hurry, these sale prices good today only, November 26th!We created Pandora to put the Music Genome Project directly in your hands
It’s a new kind of radio –
stations that play only music you like
Bygones
Features of This Tracka reggae feel
a subtle use of vocal harmony
extensive vamping
major key tonality
electric rhythm guitars
prominent organ
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show more 2015 onwards.
To request a school visit or ask for more details, please email education@ccfe.ac.uk..
Our 2015 Open Evenings are fully booked. However, we have a reserve list in case of cancellations for the following Open Evenings:
- Wednesday 20 May
- Wednesday 17 June
- Wednesday 15 July
In addition, we are holding an Open Day on the afternoon of Saturday 7 November.
Please use the form on our 'Contact us' page to book places or to go on the reserve list for the Open Evenings.Nice shots. If you can swing it I would find a good used 70-200 f4is. Great lens. The 2.8 is better but of course then theres the cost.
Normally I'd recommend the 135L, but it's pretty close to your 105mm.
If you can part with something you don't need (I don't know what) and swing for the recent 100-300 L IS or veteran 100-400L IS, you will actually see a notable difference in reach from 105mm.I.
I was surfing around the site and reading all of the past issues of the WildStar Uplink and I came across a pair of consecutive articles written a month or two ago that struck a chord with me. I have a confession to make. I am an MMO snob. Oh, don’t get me wrong. It’s not about gameplay for me. It’s about who my character is and what she (well, usually a she!) looks like.
To that end, I found the following questions asked by the WildStar team of its community:
Pretty thought-provoking questions, aren’t they? I suspect that many of us who are long-time MMO players can pretty much answer those without a ton of thought but in these days of shades of gray…no, not 50 shades of gray…embedded in each faction and race through larger varieties of classes, even we have to think about our initial choices a bit more closely than before.
It wasn’t that long ago that most MMOs had a “good side and a bad side”, each with their own goals and objectives, sure, but still pretty obviously skewed to black or white. It was usually fairly clear who was who. For example, I always think of the “pretty” Alliance characters and the “ugly” Horde guys. I realize that that’s a simplistic view but it fits to a certain degree.
In WildStar, the team wants to disavow us of the notion that one faction or race is only good or evil by lending each its own personality. Chad Moore, in answering fans in WildStar Uplink said, “[T]hose personalities determine everything from how they look to the lore that we write for them. In general, we have tried to avoid big distinctions like good and evil, and instead tried to developer personalities, histories and conflicts that reflect the personalities of the factions and races in our game.”
Even further, Chad reveals that the team wants the differences to be real and “polarizing” to give the player a deeper connection to his/her faction and race. He calls this a very real emotional experience and that choosing a faction should have meaning.
Additionally, Carbine wants players to have even more choices for determining who their characters are even within each faction. There will be certain types of classes that tend to one extreme or the other or even those who live in the gray. The idea here is to eliminate the notion that all of a faction is this and that all of the other faction is that. It seems to more closely mirror the real world, doesn’t it?
Most of what we’ve spoken to up till now is the inner character. But what about the one that everyone sees and has to look at while gaming? The WildStar team wants to help out there as well with a wide variety of customization options for players.
The starting point, according to Art Director matt Mocarski, is with Carbine identifying the ‘ideal’ for each race and sex. He calls them the “supermodels” and says that, from there, the team works to create other models including outliers, those faces, for instance, that are just plain ugly. As he says, “We don’t want all our characters to look like supermodels. Where is the fun in that?”
Carbine is giving players some presets but is also making allowances for those who like to micromanage every facet of their character’s face. But the ability to make something unique comes with the caveat that, in other MMOs where rampant customization is allowed, often times something horrible is created at times when players veer off the preset map. Carbine, while still wishing to give players as much facial customization options as possible, also wants to maintain the integrity and essence of the character type.
“We have a long review process on how far we can push things before they break or look bad. Thankfully, our art style allows for a lot more freedom than a traditional ‘realistic’ game.” Matt said.
It will be worth watching the way that Carbine handles this facial customization. I am both happy that I won’t have to live in a world of Winston Churchills running around but am slightly concerned what appears to be limitations on how butt-ugly or agonizingly beautiful I want to make my character.
What about you? What do you think of Carbine’s plans for the way we can represent our characters both internally and externally? Let us know in the comments!Equity Market
News »latest by relevance
Videos »
Platinum Member
484 2014
break they lead the loss.........Hopeless story of Indian Equity Market.
3.36 PM Jul 8th 2014
Biggest fall witnesss in Indian Equity Market from last 6 months.........Will continue loosing ground or will again test logical level of 25,000 moving around this level.......All profit converted into loss ! ! ! ! !
3.31 PM Jul 8th 2014
flows. Instead these firms have tapped the equity markets to raise funds and pay down debt. We wish to emphasize that such equity financing does not come free. These debt laden companies have not been given a free lunch by the stock markets. The only reason they have found any buyers for their shares
8.53 PM Jul 7th 2014
Platinum Member
52 Followers
exceeds their equity several times over, leaving them with few options but to tap the equity market to raise money to reduce their debt. "There will be an stampede of Indian companies going to the markets and trying to reduce leverage to take advantage of this some kind of Modinomics," said Eric
6.32 PM Jul 7th 2014
Platinum Member
292729 Followers
Market Analysis - Fundamental View
Brokerage Recommendation: Equity Market 360 Degree Report - Jul 07, 2014 : SMC Global Securities
10.25 AM Jul 7th 2014
equity market is rising. should we sell silvermic? what should be the intraday target?
10.20 AM Jul 7th 2014
in ppf. In this scenario i do not feel any significant impact of wealth increase happened in your portfoio. Now imagine the reverse, twenty lac in equity porfolio and if gets doubled ? The choice is entirely yours.......think it......and start understanding equity.....time in the equity market is only
7.21 PM Jul 5th 2014
Platinum Member
2 Followers
Do you invest in equity markets?
1.04 PM Jul 5th 2014
Platinum Member
292729 Followers
Market Analysis - Fundamental View
Brokerage Recommendation: Equity Market 360 Degree Report - July 05, 2014 : SMC Global Securities
10.53 AM Jul 5th 2014
Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.Sponsored by:
As of 05.22.15
DK B/, M, foaled February 2, 1989( Carr de Naskra - Why Did I, by Foolish Pleasure)
Racing achievements and Top 100 Rankings include North American (U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico) Thoroughbred races only.
Jockey: Wayne A. Barnett
Trainer: James W. Casey
Owner: Eleanor M. Casey
Breeder: Empire I
Sold to James W. Casey
Consigned by Thomas J. Gallo IIIKNOXVILLE (WVLT) -- The NCAA's investigation of the Tennessee athletic department could last until August, UT athletic director Mike Hamilton told GoVolsXtra Tuesday night.
Tennessee was originally told they would receive a letter of allegations from the organization as early as December.
Hamilton told the newspaper that Tennessee doesn't expect the NCAA to find additional violations beyond what has already been alleged.
When asked about head basketball coach Bruce Pearl's future at Tennessee, Hamilton declined to address hypotheticals and reiterated the proactive approach the University took by docking Pearl's pay and preventing him from hitting the road to recruit.
UT FOOTBALL ASSISTANTS TO GET SALARY BOOST?
GoVolsXtra also reported that while Tennessee football coach Derek Dooley will receive a $40,000 bonus for leading the Vols to a bowl game, it is unclear whether he'll receive an additional salary boost.
Other members of the UT coaching staff are likely to receive raises, however. Hamilton expressed his willingness to provide the staff with more money if it is requested by Dooley.
Dooley is scheduled to receive a $100,000 bump in compensation during the offseason, according to the report.Unfortunately BD Haemophilus Test Medium PK10 297497 is no longer carried by OpticsPlanet. You can also explore other items in the Laboratory Media category yourself to try and find the perfect replacement for you!
BD Haemophilus Test Medium PK10 is a reliable and dependable addition to the BD Laboratory Media family of products. Combining top-notch and uncompromising quality with an affordable price, the BD Haemophilus Test Medium PK10 297497/ 90004-914 can fulfill your laboratory needs while still offering a great value for the money.
Product Category Description:Doting daddy Seal and his kids Leni, 6, and Henry, 5, sat courtside last night as they cheered the LA Lakers on in their game against the Dallas Mavericks at the Staples Center (May 2).
The trio weren’t the only famous faces in the crowd – Will Ferrell, David Beckham and mom-to-be January Jones all watched as the home team fell to defeat, losing the game by just 2 points.
Seal’s gorgeous wife Heidi Klum was likely home with their other kids Johan, 4, and Lou, 1. The couple will be celebrating their 6th wedding anniversary next week, no doubt marking the occasion by renewing their vows as they do every year.donovan's burger - short note
b.
I live around the corner and go every now and again and think it's just one of those things that's impossible to judge. Depending on my mood sometimes I like different kinds of burgers from different places and couldn't really say any 1 is the "best". I'm just very satisfied that Donovan's burger is certainly great and better than most.
Maybe not # 1 for burger alone, but Donovan is great if you like Guinness. I don't know any other place where the burger is good AND the Guinness well poured. You can go somewhere that may have a better burger, but if the beverage can't match, then it's a little bit of a bummer....
- re: jason carey
i've never found the burgers that good (often overdone and not that well seasoned) and i've never been that impressed with the guiness (i think the nitrogen/CO2 mix in their tanks isn't properly maintained, which gives it that watery taste, eventhough they don't pour it too fast.) all told, i think donovan's is one of the handful of outer borough places that has been cannonized/beatified despite ample evidence to the contrary. (not unlike sri, mina's, elias' corner, junior's, luger's etc.)
- re: joekarten
I've never had them overdone when ordering Medium Rare. Made the mistake of ordering just Medium once and the burger wasn't 1/2 as good as usual. I've also found when they're busy and not paying as close attention, the burgers get overcooked, but if you go when it's not busy and get the Med Rare, it's great. Like I said above, not something I'd go way out of my way for when there are plenty of other burger joints I like as much.
- re: joekarten
I could lump junior's and lugers together and maybe put elias and donovan together but I wouldn't lump in mina's into the mix, or even sri for that matter, although I know what you mean. as far as I know, you can't order mina's pakoras shipped all over the world, or sri's mussel fritter things; they deserve their props on their own.
- re: joekarten
- re: joekarten
How much "seasoning" does a burger need? Maybe I'm some sort of midwestern purist, but I've never seen the need for a burger to be anything more than a nicely sized and shaped disc of good beef cooked to order for a decent price. A dash of salt is good, and is what I'd add at home, but I can also add that at the table if I find the burger lacking.
As for "quaint" -- is Donovan's quaint or fake or exagerrated in some way that I'm just missing? It seems essentially the same as hundreds and hundreds of other Irish bars, including ones my family has operated in Michigan, complete with a significant amount of Irish patronage. The difference is that they make a very good to great burger, which more than most bars of any type -even in Manhattan (exception: Molly's)- can manage, and they sell it to you at a very fair price. They really do need better buns though.
As for Sri, I'm not at all sure what the better, less "quaint", alternatives are, since the only Thai restaurants in NYC with comparable food quality are all also in Queens. Mina's. for all its inconsistency, is still better than any Indian/South Asian restaurant in Manhattan anywhere near its price point, and Luger's is what it has always been: a no-frills German beer hall that serves some of the best steak that serious money can buy.
- re: Woodside Al
Maybe I had an anomalous Donovan's burger on my one visit, but neither of our two burgers had char to speak of and the meat had a bit of that steamed taste burgers get when, say, too big a burger is cooked over too little heat. At under $7, Donovan's burger certainly is a good buy, but I'd pay a buck or two more for a significantly smaller one if it meant more flavorful meat and some good char. I'm not training for a marathon and I don't need burgers big enough for leftovers.
It was juicy, messy, slathered with great quality toppings, and came with some good fries, but I'd be sad if that was the best Western Queens could muster, never mind the entire city, and I couldn't care less about the flimsy bun (it wouldn't be as much fun on a firmer roll) never mind lack of seasonings. Seasoning is what you do to a turkey burger.
Enough folks here insist it's great and some even mention the char and good color missing from the ones we had that I'm sure I'll give them another go in the next few months, though.
- re: JH Jill
- re: bigjeff.
I'm not a burger expert, but every now and then I get that craving...and when I tried Donovan's I felt like you did: it was okay, but #1? I think not. Here's a place in Sunnyside that makes a better burger, IMO: "Quaint" on Skillman Ave. between 46th and 47th Sts. Nice little place with a bar, most of the dishes are comfort food and slightly overpriced, but the burger is outstanding, comes with grilled onions and a generous helping of excellent crispy fries in a paper cone, Brit style. (I can't comment on the bun, because I'm allergic to flour and don't eat it.) Their garden space is open out back now that the weather is good. Check it out.
- re: Cara1
Cara1: I feel the same way Rouge in Forest Hills.. They serve a large Prime Beef Burger (Lunch) on a Large English Muffin topped with Gruyere Cheese, Vine Ripped Tomato and Raw Onion. It comes with a side of awesome French Fries or Salad. They serve Dijon Mustard, Ketchup and Mayonaisse. This is an incredible hamburger meal far superior than Donovan's.- About
- Research & Collections
- Services
- Using the Library
No further additions are expected to this collection.
D. Martin 78s, Archives and Special Collections, J.D. Williams Library, The University of Mississippi
The D. Martin materials housed at the University of Mississippi Blues Archive, see our Blues subject guide.Do You Believe That The Recession Ended Last June?
Did the recession end?
Or is it the political machinations of an administration grasping for straws before an election?
What do you think?
It seems to be alive and well in my neck of the woods...
Phil
The Great Recession is officially over fact or fiction? As I continue to read posts from all of you in AR is it really?
The panel of economists say that it is over. They say it.What.
Helping Families in Grundy County. Operation St. Nick and Standard Bank are working hard to make Christmas a holly, jolly time for every child in Grundy County. Last year, Operation St. Nick donated food and $200 worth of toys for each child in 60 families – fulfilling wishes of about 150 kids each year. This year, the organization is expanding its holiday generosity to deliver Dream Wishes to military families too.
Christmas in July? When school’s out for the summer, Operation St. Nick keeps working by giving 50 brand new bikes and locks to kids who otherwise wouldn’t have them. During baseball season, the organization loads 100 kids and their parents onto a bus and treats them to a Chicago White Sox baseball game, giving them an experience to remember.
Operation St. Nick doesn’t only help families at Christmas. Its biggest event is actually in the fall, when families get their kids ready to go back to school. Operation St. Nick gives kids new shoes, clothes, school supplies and backpacks so they can get excited about learning and excelling at school.
Join in on the Holiday Giving. If you want to do more this holiday, place your bid on hundreds of cool auction items including Bears, Black Hawks, Cubs, White Sox and Fighting Irish memorabilia during the 29th Annual Operation St. Nick’s Radio Auction, sponsored by Standard Bank. Tune in to WCSJ Radio 103.1 FM or 1550 AM from 8:00 a.m. to Noon, Sunday, December 4th. Your donations go entirely to Operation St. Nick to help more families in the community!
".
An utter genius... I shall be rocking some CB in honour.
'Every night I tell myself I am the cosmos/I am the wind'
Posted by: Jim | December 31, 2008 at 08:20 AMOnline petition launched to protest World’s 50 Best Restaurants awards
Modeled after the Occupy Wall Street movement, Occupy50Best is being launched by a trio of angry foodspotters in France who are urging sponsors and…
READ MORE
bing.com
Undercover cops on trial shown on video terrorizing couple in SUV attack
As the nation turns its attention to the biker gang attacks in Waco, another violent biker gang episode from 2013, this one in New York, is making…
READ MORE
sott.net
Man Who Intervened in 2013 Biker Assault on West Side Highway Testifies at Trial
But the remaining two are on trial in State Supreme Court in Manhattan: Robert Sims, 36, an electrician, and Detective Wojciech Braszczok, 34, an…
READ MORE
bing.com
Interview with Tami Canal – Founder March Against Monsanto
March Against Monsanto is this Saturday Filed under: Occupy Wall…
READ MORE
admin
occupyblogosphere.wordpress.Portlanders Are Trying—Again—to Get Representation on City Council
Slow West and the Possibilities of the Western
I, myself am a Portland stripper but what really pisses me off is bitches who can't seem to remember their stage name, then don't use one you dumb tramp. There is a rotation for a damn reason, look at the board that's glowing a whole bunch of different colors. Today I was working n some ugly heavy set greasy haired dancer jumps up on my stage, well it was for the last time. I told her to take her nasty greasy ass n go on the minor stage cuz no one wants to see a horse dry hump the aIr, and If you cant remember your name them maybe we should swItch cus thIs was the second time within 20min you have thought you were me. Ugh strippers are so fucking dumbfounded.
Get the best of the Mercury each week in your inbox!The 360 Systems ‘Spectre’
Today as PS dot com: a quick look at the then-new product-category of Guitar Synths circa 1979. A great number of small manufacturers sprung up to offer these devices, and a few of the big names got involved as well. What is required for a guitar synth? Well, at minimum, independent pitch-to-CV and envelope-to-gate tracking and conversion for each of the six strings, and then some sort of synthesis engine (x6) to create the actual sound that you hear. Some of the units covered in this post were only the first part of the equation, and you could certainly find monophonic pitch/gate-to-CV modules going back to the early 70s (anyone know the release dates of the specific Moog and ARP modules that did such?). But putting it all together in a package that a guitar player might want to buy: this took some time. Guitar synths never really caught on, probably due to the cost initially, but even as prices came down it really seems like the vast majority of players were just happier with a bunch of effects pedals. In addition, there is something inherently retrograde with performing on the electric guitar regardless; it is very much a signifier of the 1950s and 1960s; so why muddy the waters of yr joyous celebration of the past with so much technology?
If anyone is still using any of these things on-stage or in productions, drop a line and let us know…
The Slave Driver, also from 360 Systems
The Ampeg Patch 200: Note Hagstrom-Swede.
The Gentle Electric (love that name…) model 101 pitch/envelope follower
The MCI B-35S system. Anyone?
The Polyfusion FFI frequency follower. Click here for previous Polyfusion coverage at PS dot com.
The Roland GS500 and GR500: early products in a line that is still being produced today, over 30 years later.
The mighty ARP Avatar. Below, a period advert…
…and click here to view the same-period ARP full-line catalog available for download at PS dot com.I have 1 little request :p
Can you please add a registry key upon install to allow any software to autodetect freedrive installation ? This will be good to remove 1 required option in our frontends ;)
Actually i can detect freedrive's folder using uninstall registry key, but this key is version related, so, cant "autodetect" freedrive.
Next to this, i have to say that i have tested this version and.. THIS ROCKS. :D
Thanks for your work. I have to play with ;)♫
Listen to free music played by Carla_Q
Blip.fm is internet radio made social. It's easy to search for, play, and discover free music recommended by real people. Join today to create your own free station and start listening to @Carla_Q.
282 Listeners
Friends: MerchantCircle | Charity Blossom | Website Load TestingWHY
THIS APPROACH?
Many patients
have spent considerable time, effort, and money on conventional allopathic
psychiatry and other mental health treatments only to be disappointed with the
results. Many times this occurs because the philosophy of the problem and thus
the treatment is not correct. I am painfully aware that most psychiatrists
spend precious little time with each patient, depend heavily on major drug
company office representatives for their information on medications and
treatments, and do precious little outside reading of the scientific literature
on their own. Thus patients most often are placed far too quickly in a
diagnostic niche with very little appreciation of the complexity of their
difficulties and are often given those medications which fit the criteria of
drug company concepts of treatment. This amounts to a “recipe book” approach to
assessment and treatment. Occasionally it works, often it does not, and rarely
in my opinion are fundamental health issues adequately or comprehensively
assessed. To me this is a set up for
probable failure.
WHY DOES THE CURRENT SYSTEM OFTEN NOT WORK?
Most physicians are to be admired for the scope and depth of their medical training. But the system is “stacked against” both them and their patients. Increasing practice costs, decreased reimbursement (i.e. managed care), increased paperwork, federal regulatory demands, and the need to practice “defensive medicine” to avoid potential lawsuits make the time they can spend with patients less than desirable. This sets up an “evidenced based” approach which tends to influence physicians to practice in ways similar to other physicians. This can standardize care, but also tends to greatly reduce innovation and creativity. Even though they have the scientific background to address complex issues, these pressures rarely allow them to do so. Add to this a horde of drug company reps who present them with the “proper protocols” on how to prescribe and treat. This is done through the approval of new drugs by the FDA whose standard for efficacy to approve these drugs is a little better than placebo. To many who study these issues, this is a setup for failure and sometimes even outright disaster. The point is that complex problems often need a lot of careful consideration, time, and often “outside the box “thinking to find meaningful solutions. If one has a difficulty that has complex symptoms and complex causes, a simple, prescriptive approach often does not work. A good example of this is Fibromyalgia Disorder. Jacob Teitelbaum, M.D., noted expert on this disorder, states that the average patient sees nine physicians before they get a proper diagnosis and appropriate treatment. Why is this? It is because Fibromyalgia is a very complex, multi-system, neuroendocrine disorder that will not be understood or treated well by a simplistic approach. This leads to the all-too-common experience of patients who have complex problems that end up feeling patronized, misunderstood, not listened to, and not taken seriously. This causes feelings of frustration, anger, and hopelessness. It is not that they can’t be helped, it is more often they fail to get it because the approach is simply not right for their needs.
THERE IS A
BETTER APPROACH
Allow me to briefly discuss one aspect of my conceptual approach to illustrate how I assess and treat these issues. Every physician and nurse who has ever graduated from their medical training has studied the stress hormones adrenalin and cortisol. Virtually all would agree chronic, long term stress is destructive to health and causes real, physiological changes. We know there are two adrenalin receptor systems in the body and that over-stimulation of these leads to specific physiological symptoms. We also know scientifically how cortisol, one of the major stress hormones, should function in a balanced, normal system and what its effects are on the body, brain, and mind when it is too high or too low compared to the normal diurnal curve it should follow. Even though these things are clearly known scientifically, how many physicians regularly assess this when they suspect a stress disorder? How often do they order saliva cortisol testing, consider how the adrenalin receptor systems may be functioning and offer specific corrective therapies for these issues? I personally know very few who look at these dynamics, but instead people are commonly put on SSRI antidepressants or benzodiazapines or other common psychotropic medications which may not in any way address the specific systems which cause the symptoms. One cannot adequately treat a person with chronic insomnia with Ambien or another hypnotic medications if, for instance, their night time cortisol level is 300-500 % above what it should be. This person needs a specific strategy to address cortisol i.e. adaptogenic supplements, phosphatidylserine, etc. to specifically address highly elevated cortisol levels. This illustrates one of the many, many examples of the common failures in standard allopathic treatment. If one does not accurately and correctly assess the cause, one cannot provide an accurate and effective treatment. I prefer a system by system approach to assess the most likely cause of symptoms. One cannot take a generic, ” flow chart” approach to assessment and hope to understand what truly causes the dysfunction. Only this type of comprehensive approach can provide a targeted protocol to accurately address symptoms.Description of Parking Placards/Permits for Disabled Persons
When you request a disability parking placard/permit, you are given a wallet certificate to have available for parking and law enforcement personnel. There are three types of placards/permits available. or uses a motorized wheelchair.. Placards/permits must be removed from the rearview mirror while the vehicle is in motion.Below is the poem entitled Buddhist Monk which was written by poet
Steve
Eng. Please feel free to comment on this poem. However, please remember, PoetrySoup is a place of encouragement and growth.
Read Poems by
Steve
Eng
Best
Steve Eng
Poems
Unsullied by the world, with conscience free,
He sits in contemplation, hour on hour,
Of one small point on his anatomy
From which he gathers strength and mystic power.
Not for him the hero’s wide acclaim,
The soldier’s glory, nor the merchant’s prize;
Deaf is he to trumpetings of fame,
Blind to the promise in a woman’s eyes.
For him no cleaving to ephemeral things—
No ties to trap his feet in tangled ways
That snare the steps of diplomats and kings—
No fear of blame, and no desire for praise.
Supremely blessed, the holy Lama sits,
Heedless of bombs that blast the world to bits.!
Brake Band - MancoPart: 48-043$15.46
Steel Plate Sprocket 60t, 35 ChainPart: 48-048$9.83
Steel Plate Sprocket 72t, 35 ChainPart: 48-049$13.15
Steel Plate Sprocket 54 Tooth 41 PitchPart: 48-051$18.88
Centrifugal Clutch 10t 41chn 3/4inchPart: 84-001$39.45
Centrifugal Clutch 11t 35chn 5/8inchPart: 84-002$39.45
Centrifugal Clutch 12t 35chn 3/4inchPart: 84-004$39.45
Sprocket 12t 35chn 3/4inchPart: 84-005$17.36
Centrifugal Pulley 3/4inchPart: 84-006$61.74- Location:
- Wellington, New Zealand
- Party Albums:
- 15
As soon as Kelly & I found out Denise was having a baby we just had to style a baby shower for our good friend.
Denise owner of was unsure if baby was going to be a girl or a boy so I decided to use a pastel colour scheme of Pastel Pink, Pastel Peach & icy pastel Blue with a splash of contrast colour Gold.
The very talented Kelly made the most amazing cakes and sweet treats and we had lots of fun using styling decor from Dot N Spots.
We choose a beautiful Rose Garden Park for the setting and vintage Queen Anne furniture with a hanging swing table for the drink bar.
We included gorgeous fresh flowers such as White Peonies, Sweet Avalanche, David Austin Roses and Succulents hanging in glass globes from tree branches.
It was a fabulous day and thoroughly enjoyed by all.
Sweet Treats & Drink Bar Menu:
• Rhubarb & Ginger Iced Cordial
• Toffee Bon Bons
• Macarons
• Sugar Iced donuts
• Vanilla Mousse Delight in cute mini glass jars topped with fairy Floss.
• Cupcakes
• Fresh baked Meringue
Apple recently released an Apple TV upgrade, version 5.2. For most customers, it's a profitable and painless upgrade. But for a few users, it could present a problem. John Martellaro explains.
Background
On November 29, 2011, Apple released update 5.1.1 for second and third generation Apple TVs. Unfortunately, a few customers reported problems conducting the upgrade over Ethernet. TMO's Jim Tanous explained in early December. The update fails leaving the user up in the air about what to do. For some, the Apple TV was bricked, requiring that it be removed from the TV, connected to iTunes and restored.
Some users may have decided to wait until the next major upgrade, assuming Apple would fix the problem then. Apparently, however, Apple slipped in a fix around January 1st, 2013 that solved the problem with the 5.1.1 upgrade over Ethernet. That's reflected in Apple's version notes. [UPDATE: Jim Tanous and I noticed that Apple appears to have backdated its release notes to finally, properly reflect just exactly when the Ethernet bug was fixed.] This may have gone unnoticed by a few, and it certainly slipped by me. And that's what caused me to write this note.
In any case, the solid working strategy back in December, for users with version 5.1, was to disconnect the Ethernet cable, if used, and do the 5.1.1 update over Wi-Fi. So far, so good.
Then, with a solid update to 5.1.1, customers could be confident that they could conduct the recent update to 5.2 on January 28th without a problem on either Ethernet or Wi-Fi.
A Possible Problem
For those users who use an Ethernet cable and overlooked the slipstream fix for 5.1.1, they may have been waiting for Apple to make the fix in the next version -- which turned out to be 5.2.
All along, Apple TV customers who delayed the update, waiting for 5.2, have been confronted with an update message at boot. That message on January 28 is exactly the same because no version number for the currently active update is provided. That could have left some customers wondering whether the latest 5.2 update had propagated completely. (Apple pushes the updates incrementally, so some may not get the newest update right away.)
That's what happend to me on January 28th. If I left the Ethernet connected and tried the update, and 5.2 was not the active update, I might have ended up getting 5.1.1. That's quite okay because Apple slipstreamed a fix for 5.1.1 on Ethernet. But I didn't know that at the time, and so it concerned me.
Of course, a good workaround and strategy would have been just to unplug the Ethernet cable, and I would have had a successful update from 5.1 to any version: 5.1.1 (old), 5.1.1 (fixed) or 5.2.
Apple's Strategy
I can't fault Apple for its progress in fixing the 5.1.1 update to work properly on Ethernet. But it does annoy me that, when presented with an update notice, no version number is displayed. (Samsung does this for its Blu-ray players, and I haven't heard of any resulting suicides as the result of an exposed version number.) It also annoys me that during that time when the original 5.1.1 update was available, Apple didn't have the OS check to see if Ethernet was connected, then suppress notices to update until a fix was in place.
I know that Apple wants to keep the version numbers suppressed because they might worry or confuse some users. A simple notice that an update us available and should be applied is deep enough for most people. (And for those very few who ended up with an inoperable device, a connection to iTunes for a restore or a trip to an Apple genius solved the problem. Even so, is that a better, simpler path than explicit version numbers?)
However, if there's any story at all to be told here, it's that it can be frustrating for customers who are trying their best to apply what they've learned on the Internet to be confronted with excessive, infuriating simplicity. Of course, as soon as you dig a little deeper, as I did, it all sorts out.
I wouldn't object to a "More Info" box on these updates so Apple can post short status notes and supply the version number. For those who aren't interested, it can be ignored. It seems like the adult thing to do.
The Good News
With all that, it's safe to say that any Apple TV (2G/3G) customer, no matter where they started, can safely upgrade to version 5.2 now.
[UPDATE: After I did my own update, via Ethernet, from 5.1 to 5.2, I found that I could not access Apple's movies and TV shows. Nor my iCloud music. But Netflix worked fine, so I knew the connection was good. I guessed that I needed to logout of my iTunes account and login again. (Settings -> iTunes Store -> Accounts.) That solved the problem.]
All this and not one mention of what the update actually does?
Seems those Apple engineers (and their bosses) sending out software updates don’t have to comply with Apple’s UX or UI guidelines.
So how does this article reflect the title of it? Nothing in it to explain the ins and outs of the latest upgrade. Just wasted my time.
umm, Tsheridan: that was covered in the several links to the Jim Tanous articles. One was the TMO news story.
I reviewed the links when I read the article. As I stated, there is nothing in your article which explains the ‘ins and outs’ of the latest upgrade as the title of it suggests. Having upgraded my APTV3 I already know what the upgrade gives by way of features. My point is that, as an example, I personally have found the upgrade flaky, with poor wifi connectivity. I accept that is just my own experience with it, but that is an example of an ‘out’ (or con) and provides the reader with some insight into the ‘ins and outs’ (or pros and cons) of making the leap of faith. Notwithstanding your latest update to the article at the end, nothing in your article provides any review of the upgrade itself, simply stating we can safely upgrade. I do appreciate the time you have taken to write the article, but the title drew me to it precisely because I wanted your perspective on the ins and outs of it, not a confirmation that we should go ahead with it. Therefore a waste of time.
Politely toTs: ‘ins and outs’ doesn’t mean pros and cons. It means the intricate details, or the winding path, or the ramifications of an action.
Well, if I may be curmudgeonly, the headline should then be “The Ins and Outs of Installing the Latest . . .”
John wrote:
“With all that, it’s safe to say that any Apple TV (2G/3G) customer, no matter where they started, can safely upgrade to version 5.2 now.”
I beg to differ. 5.2 has not solved the upgrade issues. It fails to install on my ATV3. My unit is connect with ethernet. I was able to update to 5.1.1 previously with no problem. I did not have to remove the ethernet cable and connect with WiFi. Today I attempted to upgrade to 5.2. The firmware package downloaded without incident (about 15 minutes). The process proceeded through Step 1. Then announced “The update was not successful”.
I restarted the ATV and tried a second time, with the same result. At this point, I don’t know whether to try the WiFi ‘fix’, disconnect it and take it to a Genius Bar, or just forget about the update.
kyphos: Thanks for that report. Another person told me that it took over two hours for the update to finish—on a good broadband connection. Something is still going on with the updates, for a few people, and I don’t know that anyone has a feel for what’s going on.
It’s a favorite product of mine, and I’ll continue to keep an eye on things.
I’m on the latest Apple TV device and had the latest previous update. Updating today to the 5.2 (excellent Wi-Fi connection.) Download was quick. Rebooted automatically and it’s only 50% done with Step 1 of 2 after a full hour! They definitely still have something wrong with the update. It’s bad enough by Samsung DVRs from Time Warner Cable are flaky. I don’t need my Apple TV to brick.
@Steve,
Thanks for posting your experience, sad as it is. I was thinking of disconnecting the ethernet cable from my ATV3 and trying the update over WiFi (since that was the ‘fix’ for some of the previous 5.1.1 update problems). But having read your post, I think I’ll leave it as is. I’d rather have a functioning ATV with old firmware than end up with it bricked.
Hi - Thanks so much for writing this article. I wasn’t able to select movies, so I sign off iTunes and sign back in and I could search and select movies. Wasted too much time searching and calling Apple.
Apple’s universe is getting progressively more complicated, and less of a “plug n’ play” experience. The itunes update has had an abysmal learning curve, to learn to do the things that were in the open, and now are hidden in drop down menus, inability to sort some columns under certain views, as in the past, and progressively more manual “tweaking” in my iphone5’s email settings. Looking forward to future “improvements” that return to a simpler plug n play experience, where everything, “just works.”
After four or more attempts to upgrade my ATV3 to 5.2 over a Fast Ethernet connection, I finally gave in and tried doing it over WiFi. (Readers will recall that the 5.1.1 upgrade was problematic for some over wired ethernet). I was going to pass on the 5.2 upgrade, but my ATV keeps popping up reminders that an update is available. The only way to make the nagware go away permanently is to accept the upgrade.
So I reconfigured the ATV to use WiFi, restarted, and commenced the upgrade one more time. The download (approx 500 MB) actually went quicker over WiFi. That’s odd - my wired network is a GigE backbone with a Fast ethernet LAN switch serving the ATV. Even so, the download over WiFi completed in about 1/3 the time. The upgrade process then progressed smoothly, and my ATV is now running 5.2. I did not have to log out and log back in in order to access my music and movie rentals.
Despite the mystery with the wired connection, I’ve gone back to wired for day to day use of the ATV. It seems to be happy with the new firmware. I’m less than happy with Apple’s (in)ability to thoroughly regression test their firmware and upgrade procedures. It’s quite perpelexing that the upgrade would fail when a wired connection was used to download the file.
Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter or Facebook) or Register for a TMO accountLas.
The Hundredth Name was released June 4th via Candlelight Records. Since its release, the The Hundredth Name has found a solid support network among media and college radio programmers nationwide, peaking on CMJ’s Loud Rock report at position 14 with Full Metal Jacket/DMX programming the album in its syndication networks plus specialty and college play from the likes of WAQX (Syracuse NY), WZGM (Asheville NC), WHMH (St. Cloud MN), WSOU (S. Orange NJ), WCSB (Cleveland OH), KFSR (Fresno CA), and WIXQ (Millersville PA), among many others.
Las Vegas Weekly says, “everything about DEMON LUNG’s debut screams epic.” Metal Review confirms, “vocalist Shanda Fredrick’s measured delivery is bleak and monotone… a grimly deliberate wail that works magic.” Pitchfork.com boasts, “Fredrick emerges like a high empress,“ while Vegas Seven adds, “literate and lacerating, the ‘LUNG breathes real fire.” The album was recently selected as “Album Of The Day” by Roadburn.com where they crowned DEMON LUNG “a band with promise.”
Formed in 2011, DEMON LUNG self-released their EP Pareidolia in early 2012. The band entered the studio to record The Hundredth Name with producer Billy Anderson (Neurosis, The Melvins, Sleep) in late December. The Hundredth Name was completed in early 2013 with final artwork provided by rising English illustrator Tom Gates (Vision of Disorder, Amorphis).
DEMON LUNG Summer Tour 2013:
6/29/2013 Bar Deluxe – Salt Lake City UT w/Odium Totus
6/30/2013 Red Room – Boise ID w/Mariana
7/01/2013 Duffy’s’s –’s Tiki Lounge – Salt Lake City UT w/Wounded Giant
Posted in Doom Metal | Comments (0)All our Rolling Pins are turned from a solid piece of choice hard maple, so the handles will never wear out.
Please visit the website for more details. Prices start from $16.95
- Product: Whetstone Woodenware French Rolling Pin
- Retailer: Whetstone Woodenware
Have an opinion? Care to comment? We'd love to hear what you have to say.TREFFPUNKT Videos
find out what to expect on your first day
download the school brochure and view conditions
Find our more about the Treffpunkt staff (in German)
Three excellent reasons to study with Sprachinstitut TREFFPUNKT
| German
course programme in detail | accommodation | course
dates | course fees & conditions ] [ our location Bamberg |
| Online German Course via Skype | any questions? | online enrolment
|
| how to get to us | most frequent questions | what happens on the first day at school? | masthead | home |
Contents: Alexandra
von Rohr, Language Institute TREFFPUNKT
Address: Hauptwachstrasse 19, D-96047 Bamberg / Germany,
Phone +49-951-204404, Fax +49-951-204474, E-mail: treffpunkt@learn-german.com
Last update: 2013-06-10
© TREFFPUNKT Language School 1995-2013 - Intensive German Courses in Germany -
hosted by VIBROMAX WEBSERVICE
Kommentare zum Video write a comment / Kommentar verfassenBoob Tricks That Seem Like Magic [Video]
For those women who are, let's just say not that well endowed there are other options other than going under the knife!
BuzzFeed has come to the rescue to share some of these tips. Check out the video below:
Does Your Taste In Men Reflect Your Age?
Connie found this quiz on BuzzFeed this past weekend and was shocked that the test revealed that her age based on her taste in men was 16!
Take the test below and let us know what age you got?
Can You Guess The Top Answer For These “Family Feud” Questions?
14 Celebrities Without Eyebrows [Video]
19 Hidden Easter Eggs All Over The Web
Teens Watched ’90s Music Videos For The First Time [Video]
15 Stores Every ’90s Girl Misses
17 Fast Food Horror Stories That Will Make You Want To Eat At Home
_11<<
Dancing 11-Year-Old Has Awesome “Shake it Off” Routine
Deputies responded at 6:45 a.m. to a report of an ostrich in the roadway in the area of I-10 and Horizon, only to find that the wayward bird was actually an emu.
The deputies tried to prevent the tall, flightless from running into traffic on I-10, but when deputies neared the emu, it became aggressive, lunging at them, according to the release. Passersby stopped to help the deputies contain and calm the bird, which slashed one deputy's pant leg with its sharp limb.
The deputy was not seriously injured.
In what deputies called "a sad turn of events," the emu died as it was being transported to the Animal Control Shelter. The cause of death was not immediately known.
On Friday, deputies were called to the area of Montana Avenue, where another emu was loose on the roadway, according to the release. Deputies were able to contain the emu, which was turned over to an individual who volunteered to care for the bird until an owner came forward to claim it.
The two emu incidents do not appear to be related, according to the news release.110% Alchemy Arm Sleeves
The theory is that compression increases circulation while ice reduces swelling and inflammation (which causes pain and muscle soreness), so the combination promotes faster and more efficient recovery for the biceps, elbows, and forearms. Whatever science is behind it, it worked. Our tester had a sharp bicep pain that had been nagging her for almost two years during bouldering sessions, and after a few weeks of regular use after training, the pain disappeared. “Instead of having to sit still while icing, the sleeves made it so easy—I had no excuse not to use them,” she said. They are designed like a normal compression sleeve with strategically placed pockets where you can slide in the “ice inserts,” which are leak-free, spongey pouches that absorb water and freeze. The package also includes a thermal storage bag that keeps the “ice” frozen for up to six hours, which proved handy when our tester didn’t go home right after training. She said, “As soon as I got to my car I could throw on the sleeves and ice to immediately start my recovery." Available in XSXXL (unisex).- //DVDs
- //Reviews
- //Jim de Sève | Jim de S
- //Tying the Knot
Tying the Knot makes a passionate plea for same-sex marriage rights. While some activists decry the pro-marriage message, insisting it’s better to fight against the very institution of marriage, the documentary makes its case with conviction and imagination. Through a range of interviews, fly on the wall footage, news coverage, and statistics, the film argues that no one should be denied the right to marry. A kid in New York puts it this way: “People should be able to do what they want to do. What’s the big deal?”
Most citizens are well aware of the debates that have only intensified since Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) into law in 1996. But Tying the Knot digs into a much longer history. It opens with footage of gay hippies storming the Manhattan marriage bureau in 1971. Long-haired activists of both sexes say they’re just fighting for the legal rights of marriage, plus the social sanction to love whom they want to love. They’re met with incredulity and resistance. As a bureaucrat looks at them like they’re from Mars, the film captures how radical such a demand was and remains.
Tying the Knot
Jim de Sève
Mickie Mashburn, Lois Marrero, Adjied Bakas, Brenda Marrero, Steve GundersonMickie Mashburn, Lois Marrero, Adjied Bakas, Brenda Marrero, Steve Gunderson
(1049 Films)
US DVD: 31 May 2005
In the ‘90s, the documentary contends, the same old homophobia stifled and necessitated progress. Highlights include Hawaii’s Supreme Court decision allowing same-sex marriage in 1993, then the 1998 legislation there that outlawed it. Footage of supporters and agitated opponents echoes the earlier ‘70s dynamic, though the pro- and anti- positions have become more familiar and more vehement.
As it traces political and social contexts, the film also lets people speak for themselves. In key images of the struggle in Massachusetts, activists celebrate the 2003 State Supreme Court decision calling it unconstitutional to deny same-sex couples the right to marry. News footage shows a stone-faced Governor Mitt Romney intoning, “I agree with 3000 years of recorded history. Marriage is an institution between a man and a woman. I will support an amendment to the Massachusetts Constitution to make that expressly clear.” Sure enough, the 2004 election saw Massachusetts pass legislation against same-sex marriage, and the documentary notes the issue will likely go to voters in 2006.
But the film submits that Romney has his history wrong. E.J. Graff, author of What is Marriage For?, argues that the modern view of marriage as a love match stems from specific economic and social developments. Early Christian marriage was secular, in 1215, the Catholic Church declared it a sacrament, and the early modern period saw couples marrying in order to consolidate property and labor (as Graff helpfully points out, people weren’t greedy, they just didn’t want to starve). The Industrial Revolution changed that (as people could earn their livings), and marriage was defined as a bond of love and sex.
But as the form and function of marriage changed, related moral panics recurred. Graff notes that two debates that moved the justification for same-sex marriage forward include the legalization of contraception (sex can be for love, not reproduction), and divorce (marriage is about love being present or not).
The film makes one of its strongest points in an analogy between racism and homophobia. It draws parallels between anti-miscegenation laws (the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the last one in 1967) and anti-gay-marriage laws. In footage from the 1996 DOMA debate, Representative John Lewis (D-GA) actually quotes Martin Luther King, Jr. on interracial marriage: “Races do not fall in love and get married. Individuals fall in love and get married.”
The documentary includes footage of the 1967 federal case that repealed state anti-miscegenation laws as well as a 1996 Showtime dramatization, Mr. and Mrs. Loving. In an illuminating Q&A with director de Sève at the 2004 Tribeca Film Festival (included in the DVD extras), he says that he tried to contact Mrs. Loving, but she prefers to live privately. Personal stories bring socio-political struggles home, but when people open up their lives to public scrutiny, they’re taking risks. De Sève explains that he was originally going to include his own story of being in a binational gay relationship in which marriage would secure his partner’s immigration status. But he decided that filming himself would put too much strain on his relationship.
Instead, the film focuses on two stories of other people willing to go public: when Tampa cop Lois Marrero dies, her wife Mickie’s (also a cop) attempts to sue for her pension, and elderly Oklahoma farmer Sam tries to keep his home after the death of his husband of 25 years. In both cases, relatives of the deceased fight for assets, and as neither marriage is recognized legally, both survivors face traumatic uphill battles. The surviving partners, and their families and friends, testify that their unions were respected by co-workers and community members. Crew-cut Florida cops sob while testifying in Mickie’s case, encapsulating the cost of discriminatory laws. Mickie says, “The law has to change” because “this is not a gay issue, this is everyone’s issue.” In the DVD extras, we learn that both Mickie and Sam lost their cases and face huge legal bills.
As Tying the Knot frames same-sex marriage as a universal right, it underlines that point with global coverage. We see celebrations in Canada (with one reveler saying, “If you don’t like same sex marriage, don’t have one”), and the first same-sex couples legally married in Holland. Scholar Kees Waaldjik, from the University of Leiden, declares, “There has been a trend that less people wanted to marry, they just wanted to cohabit. And marriage therefore became less important. Um, you would think that people in support of marriage would be happy that now other couples wanted to join the institution of marriage. If more people join marriage, marriage would be stronger and probably last longer and be a more important social phenomenon.”
Tying the Knot makes many such arguments, compellingly. In an extra, we see a panel at the 2004 Tribeca Film Festival, during which several filmmakers insist that such cultural representation can help advance social movements. Indeed. When asked why he included such extensive historical and political footage, de Sève explains, “I’m a firm believer that the past is prologue.”
Call for Essays About Any Aspect of Popular Culture, Present or Past
// Announcements
"PopMatters seeks essays (1,200 to 3,000 words, usually) about any aspect of popular culture, present or past.READ the articleSealed with a Kiss -and Neuroscience
Humans have evolved to use a number of signals - including taste, smell and possibly silent chemical messengers called pheromones - to help us figure out whether someone is a suitable partner and a good person to reproduce with. A kiss means getting close to someone - close enough to suss out important clues about chemistry and genetics. At this range, our noses can detect valuable information about another person's health and perhaps even his or her DNA..
Sheril Kirshenbaum, who wrote the book The Science of Kissing, tells us how great kisses kick start our chemicals and hormones, and how a kiss' effects on our brains and bodies promote relationships. Link -via The Intersection
Newest 1 Comment
At first I thought I was a good kisser, but maybe it's just that I have a good immune system.
Abusive comment hidden. (Show it anyway.)Tangela Harris, 25, was booked into the jail at 1:05 p.m., jail records show. Investigators have not obtained formal warrants but said she is being held on a no-bond bail warrant and will be transferred to the Jefferson County jail later today.
Lakiyah Stenson, 2, was taken by ambulance to Children's on Feb. 25 after her mother called paramedics to say she was not responsive.
Lakiyah lived with her mother in an apartment on 29th Avenue North in the Collegeville public housing community. Officers searched the home a couple hours after Lakiyah's death. "It's unlivable in that place," Birmingham homicide Detective Warren Cotton said. "It's all trashed out." The coroner's office said she died from neglect, Birmingham police said.
The girl had been in a body cast from the armpits down since Harris fell down the stairs while carrying the child in December, police said.The Denver Broncos and kicker Matt Prater agreed on a four-year deal Monday. Terms of the deal are now available. Prater’s deal is worth $13 million — including a $3 million signing bonus, according to The Denver Post. That’s $3.25 million per season for those doing the math at home. With a new deal, Prater [...] have given someone Prater’s position, and they’ve given him Prater’s predecessor’s (Jason Elam‘s) number. Adi Kunalic [...]
Published on 06/12/2012 at Tue Jun 12 10:57. 1 Comment
Filed under Broncos News
|
|
Published on 07/02/2012 at Mon Jul 02 14:40. 16 Comments
Filed under Broncos BlogJo Jordan
Committee assignments
2013-2014
At the beginning of the 2013 legislative session, Jordan served on the following committees:
2011-2012
In the 2011-2012 legislative session, Jordan served on these committees:
Elections
2012
Jordon won re-election in the 2012 election for Hawaii House of Representatives District 44. Jordon defeated Johnnie-Mae Perry in the August 11 Democratic primary and defeated Creighton Pono Higa (R) in the general election which took place on November 6, 2012.[2][3][4]
Campaign donors
Comprehensive donor information for Jordan is available dating back to 2012. Based on available campaign finance records, Jordan raised a total of $37,514 during that time period. This information was last updated on June 27, 2013.[5]
2012Jordan won election to the Hawaii House of Representatives in 2012. During that election cycle, Jordan raised a total of $37,514.
Recent news
This section displays the most recent stories in a google news search for the term Jo + Jordan + Hawaii + Legislature
- All stories may not be relevant to this page due to the nature of the search engine.
See also
- Hawaii House of Representatives
- Hawaii House of Representatives District 44
- Hawaii State Legislature
External links
- Campaign Facebook page
- Profile from Open States
- Biography from Project Vote Smart
- Campaign Contributions: 2012
References
- ↑ Office of the Governor of Hawaii, "Governor Abercrombie Appoints Jo Jordan to Represent Waianae, Makaha and Makua," January 19,, "Jordan, Jo," Accessed June 27, 2013Importing a module is a relatively costly affair, so Python does some tricks to make
it faster. One way is to create byte-compiled files with the extension
.pyc which is related to the intermediate form that Python transforms
the program into (remember the intro section on how Python
works ?). This
.pyc file is useful when you import the module the
next time from a different program - it will be much faster since part of the processing
required in importing a module is already done. Also, these byte-compiled files are
platform-independent. So, now you know what those
.pyc files really are.natural health trends corp
(NHTC:NASDAQ CM)
natural health trends corp (NHTC) Snapshot
Related News
natural health trends corp (NHTC) Related Businessweek NewsNo Related Businessweek News Found
natural health trends corp (NHTC) Details
Natural Health Trends Corp., a direct-selling and e-commerce company, provides wellness, beauty, and lifestyle products for consumers or business builders under the NHT Global brand name. The company manufactures and supplies its products through third parties. Its wellness products include liquid, encapsulated, tableted and powder dietary and nutritional supplements, herbal supplements, vitamins, and minerals. The company’s beauty products comprise anti-aging and hydrating cleansers, creams, lotions, serums, and toners; and lifestyle products include weight management, intimacy support, and energy enhancing supplements. It operates in North America, Hong Kong, Taiwan, South Korea, Japan, Italy, and Slovenia, as well as in Russia, Kazakhstan, and Ukraine. The company sells its products through its network marketing operations, as well as sells directly to consumers through an e-commerce platform. Natural Health Trends Corp. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.
Last Reported Date: 03/6/15
natural health trends corp (NHTC) Top Compensated Officers
natural health trends corp (NHTC) Key Developments
Natural Health Trends Corp. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015. For the quarter, the company reported net sales of USD 40.709 million compared to USD 23.162 million a year ago. Income from operations was USD 6.918 million compared to USD 3.119 million a year ago. Income before income taxes was USD 6.809 million compared to USD 3.110 million a year ago. Net income was USD 6.738 million compared to USD 3.071 million a year ago. Net income available to common stockholders was USD 6.738 million compared to USD 3.067 million a year ago. Diluted income per share was USD 0.54 compared to USD 0.26 a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was USD 16.556 million compared to USD 8.283 million a year ago. Purchases of property and equipment, was USD 0.266 million compared to USD 0.063 million a year ago. The board of directors of the company declared a dividend of USD 0.03 per share for the first quarter of 2015, a 50% increase over the prior quarter dividend, on outstanding common stock payable in cash on May 29, 2015 to stockholders of record on May 19, 2015.
Natural Health Trends Corp., Q1 2015 Earnings Call, May 05, 2015
Natural Health Trends Corp. announced that estimates revenue for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 is to be $40.9 million. The company estimates that its deferred revenue at March 31, 2015 was $10.2 million, compared to $2.7 million at December 31, 2014.
Industry Analysis
NHTC
Industry Average
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact NATURAL HEALTH.CANTON, Ohio — In February KIKO Auctioneers conducted 39 auctions. Some of the highlights included:
The Feb. 18 auction conducted by Eugene R. Kiko in Ravenna, Ohio, featured a Kubota L48 HST diesel tractor w/ TL1150 loader and BT100 backhoe that sold for $28,000; Kubota L3000 DT 4×4 tractor that sold for $7,750; ’07 Honda 500 TRX 4×4, 4 wheeler, $5,900; Antique 49 hole wall seed cabinet that sold for $725; Edison Home cylinder phonograph that sold for $500.
A Feb. 25 auction conducted by Eugene F. Kiko in Magnolia, Ohio, featured a 2005 Chevy 2500 HD, 4×4 pickup that sold for $15,000 and a Suzuki Elger quad runner 4 wheeler that sold for $3,200.
A Feb. 29 auction conducted by Eugene F. Kiko and assisted by Realtor Jonathan W. Ward in Navarre, Ohio, featured a Gretsch electric guitar “Chet Atkins” that sold for $7,600 and Gibson flat top w/ case sold for $2,200..Ashanti, who is not always there when you call, but is always on time, tells New York magazine:
Google Maps, Waze, and I just got a new one that's really good, Eat. It's an app that basically, you put in your location and it puts in all the top restaurants that you can go to or get delivered. It's called Eat, E-A-T, it's a red logo, and I just got it like two weeks ago and I looooooove it.5 Republicans Support Extending Just Middle-Class Tax Cuts, But Won’t Sign Petition To Force A Vote
"5 Republicans Support Extending Just Middle-Class Tax Cuts, But Won’t Sign Petition To Force A Vote"
Republican Rep. Tom Cole (OK) broke ranks within his party last week, urging GOP members to immediately extend the middle-income Bush tax cuts, those that primarily affect the middle class and give a tax cut to 98 percent of all Americans. “I think we ought to take the 98 percent deal right now,” Cole said.
Since then, at least four other Republican House members have come out in support of such an idea:
Rep. Robert Dold (R-IL): “Tom Cole is talking about passing the ones that are out there so there could be more certainty, and I think that would be a positive step,” Dold told National Journal. “Let’s make sure we aren’t raising the taxes on the vast majority first.”
Rep. Mary Bono Mack (R-CA): “I have to say that if you’re going to sign me up with a camp, I like what Tom Cole has to say,” Bono Mack told CNN. “I know you had him on the show earlier at length. And I think Tom presented a very thoughtful, articulate position.”
Rep. Kay Granger (R-TX): Granger told Bloomberg that Cole’s plan is “just the right thing to do.”
Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC): According to the Huffington Post, Jones could be “willing to pass the Senate bill to ensure 98 percent of taxpayers don’t get hit with a hike” if no deal can get done.
Despite these indications of support, none of the five Republicans has signed the discharge petition filed by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) that would force the House to vote on the middle-income tax cut extension. Only Jones has indicated that he may sign the petition at a later date. The petition needs 25 Republican signatures to get the majority it would need to mandate a vote, but if these Republicans are serious about extending tax cuts for 98 percent of Americans, instead of holding out for tax cuts for the rich, the petition they haven’t signed gives them that opportunity.:59 am
Tue August 18, 2009
17-year-old in Custody for Shooting
By Chris Taylor
Clarksville, TN – The Clarksville Police arrested a 17-year-old male early this morning in the shooting death of Roderick D. Self. The juvenile will be charged with homicide. Police say the shooting occurred during a drug transaction. 26-year-old Self was found lying on the ground near Lincoln Homes Sunday evening. He died from his injuries at Gateway Medical Center.Orioles @ Angels lineups, Machado still out
Manny Machado, who was a late scratch from Tuesday’s lineup is still out with back spasms although he said today he’s feeling better. Machado was encouraged with the fact that he woke up this morning feeling better and is fairly confident it’s just a couple days type of injury. He wasn’t sure what the plan would be bedsides treatment today.
Ubaldo Jimenez threw a 35-pitch bullpen session this afternoon and also did what he called “old school” running drills to test his right ankle. The righty was still waiting to hear what the next step would be.
“It went good,” Jimenez said in the clubhouse this afternoon. “I was able to get on the mound and throw all my pitches. I was able to throw from the stretch and the windup and they made me do a couple drills, running drills, to make sure i’d be able to go to first base.”
ORIOLES LINEUP
Nick Markakis RF
David Lough LF
Adam Jones CF
Nelson Cruz DH
Chris Davis 1B
J.J. Hardy SS
Jonathan Schoop 2B
Ryan Flaherty 3B
Nick Hundley C
Chris Tillman RHP
ANGELS LINEUPMy guest for this week’s Innovators show, Ian Forrester, heads up the BBC’s Backstage project. Launched in 2005, Backstage lives at a cultural crossroads where legacy systems and methods intersect with their next-generation counterparts. The tagline for the feeds and APIs provided under the Backstage umbrella is “use our stuff to build your stuff.”
Admittedly that sounded a lot more exciting prior to 2006, when the BBC ended its trial of the Creative Archive service that was expected to “open the floodgates” to a “treasure trove” of cultural riches. Ian Forrester says those expectations were ratcheted back for two reasons. First, much of that treasure trove remains undigitized. Second, rights clearance proved to be an intractable problem.
So the “our stuff” that’s available to build “your stuff” turns out to be mostly metadata: news headlines, program titles and schedules. What’s more, that metadata comes from a plethora of BBC content management systems. What can you make out of these ingredients?
Here’s an evocative example:. The BBC’s Tom Scott explains:
Over the last few months we’ve been plundering the NHU’s [Natural History Unit.
This is just the sort of remixing that Backstage ought to enable anyone, inside or outside the BBC, to achieve. Since I’m a US resident, and don’t pay the UK’s television license fee, I can’t watch the videos on that page. There’s nothing that the Backstage team can do about that. But they can take a radically open and inclusive approach to the management of the metadata that supports this remixing, and that’s just what they’re doing.
In our conversation, Ian Forrester describes how the taxonomy that governs the Backstage feeds and APIs is shared with that of Wikipedia and its structured derivative, DBpedia. Tom Scott elaborates:).
As someone who both practices and preaches collaborative curation, I’m delighted to see the BBC taking this approach. And I love the phrase webscale identifier. Here’s how Michael Smethurst defines it, in the post pointed to by Tom Scott:
I agree with the four Linked Data rules but I’d like to try to add a fifth: if possible don’t reinvent other people’s web identifiers. By web identifiers I mean those fragments of URLs that uniquely identify a resource within a domain. So in the case of the MusicBrainz entry for The Fall () that’ll be d5da1841-9bc8-4813-9f89-11098090148e.
The last time we updated the /music site we made this mistake (kind of unavoidable at the time). Even though we linked our data to MusicBrainz we minted new identifiers for artists. So The Fall became where jb9x was the identifier. But jb9x doesn’t exist anywhere outside of /music. We’ll (hopefully) never make that mistake again.
Beautifully said. Enormous synergies have gone unrealized because web publishers have chosen to mint new namespaces rather than add value to existing ones.
What I realized when talking with Ian, though, is that there is one namespace for which the BBC is the appropriate mint, namely its own. Here, for example, are some of the family of URLs for a radio drama called The Archers:
upcoming shows:
In this example b006qpgr is, at least potentially, a webscale identifier. It’s a unique tag for the show that, if used on blogs, on Twitter, and elsewhere, would make it easy to assemble all kinds of online activity related to the show. But in fact only web developers using Backstage feeds and APIs will ever discover, or use, b006qpgr. In colloquial discourse people use The Archers.
If the BBC wants people to collaborate with its namespace in the same way that it collaborates with Wikipedia’s, this would be more inviting:
It should go without saying, but right after the first rule for linked data, “Use URIs as names for things,” I would add “Where possible, choose names that make sense to people.”
Hello!
Nice post! One thing though: it would be hard to consistently re-use Wikipedia url keys consistently across, as not all programmes have a Wikipedia page (far, far from that… brands are relatively well covered, but not all BBC episodes have a corresponding page on Wikipedia). BBC Earth is different, as they deliberately only publish their data when there is a corresponding entry on Wikipedia. It wouldn’t make sense for BBC Programmes, as it would amount to lots of data not being exposed.
Another thing, I don’t think “webscale identifiers” is the same as “names that make sense to people”. For example, Musicbrainz GUID are well-established identifiers for things in the music domain. They are opaque, but very, very useful. Wikipedia URL keys are readable, but one side-effect of that is that they change all the time!! From “Madonna” to “Madonna_(entertainer)” for example…
Best,
y
It’s not quite true that we only publish where there is a corresponding Wikipedia entry.
There are instances where we have content and Wikipedia doesn’t – in those instances we create new Wikipedia pages.
There might also be istances in the future were we could have problems – for example ‘World on the Move’ tracked individual animals, Big Cat does the same indeed lots of wildlife programmes do – I would like to have a URI for those animals but will the Wikipedia community think of these animals as sufficiently important to have a page? Possibly not – if that’s the case we’ll need to mint our own identifiers.
Glad you like the site and our design decisions, hopefully when we get radio content in there the site will become more engaging for those that live outside the UK .
Yes, I agree with Yves, it will ba a problem to keep readable identifiers unique in every case. I think people often arn’t really interest how the name of a full URL is, they are more interested in the information, which will be presented through this. That means that one can add at least a meanigful topic to that URL, which will be presented to the human. Handling the URLs is the task of the programmers and the applications and customers should’nt matter about, they will hopefully get the information they want.
Cheers,
zazi
Agreed, wikipedia page titles can change – pages can be moved, merged, redirected, deleted. Musicbrainz IDs are good because they’re intended to be persistent. Another nice example might be imdb identifiers for films – again, opaque and persistent.
> not all programmes have a Wikipedia page
Right. The example is predicated on the assumption that topics in natural science will, and that to the extent they do, BBC aggregations can align to that taxonomy.
This is an intriguing dilemma, of course. A URL namespace is a realm where the interests of computers/software/services intersect with the interests of humans/users/customers.
I can guess, and you’ll know what I (probably) mean, and it’ll at least partly work, by taking you to a disambiguation page.
I’ll never guess, and you’ll never know what I mean when you see it.
I don’t think that opaqueness and persistence are necessarily connected. The service that mints a namespace controls that namespace and determines its persistence. There are zillions of dead links of both sorts: opaque and readable.
Meanwhile, of course, thanks to Twitter, we are increasingly collapsing the readable names down to opaque IDs. Around and around we go!
The bottom line for me, though, is that computers and humans share the use of URL namespace. Computers don’t care, but humans bookmark URLs, copy and paste them, make lists of them, email them, blog them. Opaqueness adds considerable friction to these activities. Does it reduce friction elsewhere by an equal or greater amount? Maybe in some cases, but if so I’m not sure what they are.
Pingback: Pigsaw Blog » Blog Archive » Bookmarks for 1 Sep 2009
Hi Jon
Reading this I’m reminded that I really should get round to writing the blog post on the design decisions behind /programmes URIs that I’ve meant to write for the last year or so. They’ve been a source of contention inside and outside the bbc for quite a while but i think / hope there are sound reasons behind the final design.
Way back in 2004 Tom Coates wrote a blog post on developing a URL structure for broadcast radio sites that formed the foundations of the /programmes work. Since then numerous things have changed in both the data model and the pipes and conduits that feed it.
Afraid it’s all rather difficult to explain in the limited space of a comment box but factors we took into consideration were:
– cross network repeats (so no /radio3)
– programme name ambiguity (there are a lot of programmes called breakfast eg)
– programme brands that change name over time
– programmes that are never broadcast
– programmes from the archive
– the rather strange route that programme data takes before it reaches /programmes and iPlayer
Basically, human readable URIs are kinda nice (although not everyone speaks English and browsers are beginning to get to the language accept headers stage!?!) but persistence outweighs. And in almost every domain language and labeling change over time. Wiki|DBpedia have an easier job cos they’ve got a whole army of willing galley slaves to mint the webscale identifiers for them. Unfortunately most organisations aren’t so lucky.
For the record both /music and /programmes URIs are kinda hackable / guessable. If you type:
– if there’s only one programme with that text in its name you’ll go directly to the programme as in
– or if there are many programmes with that text in the name you’ll be taken to a disambiguation page as in
The same’s true of /music so gives you a disambiguation pages whereas takes you straight to the artist page. You don’t need to type the %20s – they’re just there for the benefit of wordpress comment processing – spaces work just as well. It’s a hackable feature of the URIs that we probably don’t make enough of…
Anyway, hope this explains a little. And I’ll try to write a post to explain more fully…
Michael
Hi Michael,
Thanks for your thoughtful response.
> – if there’s only one programme with that
> text in its name you’ll go directly to
> the programme as in
> /programmes
> /Kermode%20and%20Mayos%20Film%20Review
> – or if there are many programmes with
> that text in the name you’ll be taken to
> a disambiguation page as in
>
Well there you go. Beautiful! This works after all:
This of course leads to the follow-on question: Should a system prefer to present the human-readable form when it is equivalent to a unique ID? In this case, for example, the system could resolve The_Archers to b006qpgr internally, as it does now, but hide the redirection.
This would signal to users that the human-readable form is available and in fact encouraged for interaction in the human realm. But it’s arguably wrong for robots, assuming that they aren’t prepared to deal with disambiguation. Unless of course they are, in which case we’re entering the scary zone of content negotiation.
Around and around we go!
Keeping the human readable form and not redirecting to the PID (the opaque ID – b006qpgr) might work if the data set were static but unfortunately programme making people keep coming up with new ideas for programmes ;-)
And many different programmes share the same name (there’ve been something like 7 “The Office”s over time). It’s made more difficult when you take into account not only all the programmes that may be made in the future but also the ambition to get all the programmes in the BBC archive into /programmes.
So whilst The Archers might be THE one and only Archers for now (and so be ok to sit at /programmes/the%20archers), there might be a different The Archers in the future (or in the past). When another The Archers goes into PIPs (the system that powers /programmes and iPlayer) then THE Archers would have to move URI to /programmes/:pid and we try to resist movement if at all possible.
Realise The Archers is a bit of a bad example here. It’s been around for decades and will probably be around for decades longer. I’m pretty sure there’s never been a different The Archers in the past and pretty certain no-one would be stupid enough to make a different The Archers in the future but the problem does exist for other programmes.
Whilst it’s fine for the period of time where names are unique, as more data gets added and uniqueness gets lost then stuff has to move…
You could build a system to manage human readable url keys over time and employ people to manage that system but I’m not sure that’s how I’d want my licence fee spent?!?
Finally there are plans to support multiple language variants of programme data (English, Welsh etc) which will hopefully sit at the same URIs and be content negotiated to the appropriate representation. In which case should the url key be english or welsh or opaque???
For such a simple thing as radio and telly programmes it does all get rather nastily complicated :-/
> For such a simple thing as radio and
> telly programmes it does all get rather
> nastily complicated :-/
Not simple at all, in any domain. Namespace management is one of the hardest problems of all.
I’m sure you’ve thought about the possibility of decorating names with modifiers — sequence numbers, dates — to account for different programs using the same names.
But your points about resources to manage that system, and multiple languages, are well taken.
Given all this, do you think it’s feasible/desirable to promote the opaque ids as magnets for chatter in the various -spheres?
> I’m sure you’ve thought about the
> possibility of decorating names with
> modifiers — sequence numbers, dates — > to account for different programs
> using the same names.
it’s been discussed yes. part of the trouble no-one wants to be /the_office_2 or /u2_2 and then things get political and you need human intervention
> Given all this, do you think it’s
> feasible/desirable to promote the
> opaque ids as magnets for chatter in
> the various -spheres?
YES :-) There’s a recent post on radiolabs discussing machine tagging the BBC that sets out some of it.
Also shonar is a prototype by Schulze and Webb that aims to track “buzz” around bbc programmes. It’s due to be integrated into /programmes at some point. For now it’s based on inbound links from blogs/twitter/etc but it could be expanded to use machine tags!?!
Hi Jon, I worked on the original PIPs Radio3 version of the BBC giving URLs to programmes, which Tom Coates wrote up so well. I wanted to add two other points to the discussion.
Taking Pride and Prejudice, which has been several plays, radio plays and TV mini-series. This ambiguity was instrumental in going for a short opaque identifier. We were also thinking of creating identifiers that would be unique for 30-40 years, so not prone to the whims of a producer deciding that they had to have /programmes/prideandprejudice 5-10 years out and breaking the previous url. The Archers is too strong and persistent a brand to be useful in this case.
An amusing one is Bells on Sunday which is repeated on Monday morning…
The model that Amazon have since moved to with a unique URL identifier and an ignored pretty human readable section is a good compromise. Amazon also face the issue of multiple editions and formats for their books and DVDs etc.
thanks
Gavin
Pingback: Notional Slurry » links for 2009-09-06
Pingback: Speaking and writing webscale identifiers « Jon Udell
Pingback: Talking with Stefano Mazzocchi about reconciling web naming systems « Jon Udell
Pingback: Where is the money going? « Jon Udell
Pingback: Fans can unite, now there is Fanhu.bz for everyone - Backstage.bbc.co.uk
Pingback: Institutions and the Web done better | paul walk's weblog
Pingback: My guest for this week’s Innovators show, Ian Forrester, heads up the BBC’s Backstage project. Launched in 2005, Backstage lives at a cultural crossroads where legacy systems and methods… | lloyd shepherd dot com
Pingback: contemporary homeJERUSALEM (May. 11)
Foreign Minister Yigal Allon today sharply condemned Jewish Defense League leader Meir Kahane’s threats of violence against Soviet diplomats in the U.S. and Europe. Kahane made the threats at a Tel Aviv press conference yesterday when he spoke of “kidnapping and possibly worse” against Soviet diplomats if the U.S. did not take a tougher line on behalf of Soviet Jews. Kahane appeared with Soviet immigrant activists Silva Zalmanson and Alexander Tiemkin, who endorsed his threats.
In his statement today, Allon said such threats and action were inadmissible in themselves and severely harmful for the cause of Soviet Jewry.
“Israel and the Jewish people have campaigned and will continue to campaign consistently for the release of ‘Prisoners of Zion’ in the USSR, for the cessation of harassment of Zionist activists and for the free right of emigration for any Jews seeking it.” Allon declared. He warned that Kahane’s threats would both prejudice that campaign and alienate from it the various non-Jewish bodies that had become involved in the struggles of Soviet Jewry.San Bruno, CA (PRWEB) January 28, 2014
IFlyBusiness is proud to announce their ten year anniversary of providing discounted business and first class international tickets around the world. With over 35 years total experience in the airline industry, IFlyBusiness agents have access to the most up-to-date airfares and available rate changes, passing along the savings and offering these exclusive discounted business and first class tickets directly available to travelers booking with them.
IFlyBusiness' mission of "Redefine Travel and Reimagine the World" means they alter the traditional definition of the travel agency. They do this by making global travel accessible to everyone with the added amenities of comfort and luxury at extremely reduced prices that other travel agencies can not compete with. Moreover, IFlyBusiness customers have flexibility in their planning (including modifying destinations and dates) without the stress because their agents do all the work for them. Many clients have summarized their experience by saying that the only thing they had to do was show up to the airport with their passports.
Ten years ago Greg Pavlovsky, owner of IFlyBusiness started a small agency in San Francisco. Today, IFlyBusiness has expanded its client base nationally to thousands of customers in other countries around the world such as Australia, Russia, United Kingdom, China and the United Arab Emirates. Focusing on affordable business and first class international tickets, IFlyBusiness has allowed their clients to traverse in comfort. They continue to offer remarkably discounted business and first class flights and will work around the clock to accommodate travelers from all over the world, every single day of the week. Visit their website at or call toll free at 1-800-807-9834. Australian Residents call 1300-957-205.
About Us: IFlyBusiness offers executive travelers the luxury of upgraded flight amenities without the inflated cost. How? IFlyBusiness has contracts with most major airlines to ensure heavily discounted airfares for first and business class passengers. Whether you're booking travel round trip, one way, multi-city or around the world, IFlyBusiness travel consultants are there to support you all the way. / 3 bedrooms / sleeps 5
Availability Your dates are available
House / 3 bedrooms / sleeps 5
The.
Features and Facilities
The Brittany region.
Jugon-les-Lacs Jul 2014
"Peaceful Retreat"
The house is extremely well equipped, with everything you could possibily need. The house has been tastefully modernised, with a large modern kitchen and a superb showerThe location although rual is v… More
thank you for the lovely review, we are very glad you enjoyed the area and had a comfortable stay
27 Aug 2012
"Lovely house, very clean, fantastic location"
Le Bas Lescouet is a very clean, comfortable property in an excellent location. The photos don't really do it justice! There was a lovely welcome pack on arrival and the provision of plenty of toilet rolls, cleaning products etc was much appreciated,
There is plenty to do nearby - Dinan is a gem of a place, lots of great beaches within 45 mins drive - we liked St Luniere best. The outdoor pool at the nearby campsite is great and there is a tree climbing adventure place with zip wires etc which our kids loved.
We would certainly consider coming here again.
26 Jun 2012
"Clean, relaxing and comfortable"
What a lovely place to stay. Well equipped kitchen and comfortable beds. Very easy to find and a great location to explore the surrounding area. We will be back!
15 Aug 2011
"Quiet location but with easy access to main roads for visiting historic sites and beaches."
This cottage has a large garden which is mainly grass and is deal for children to play in. The house its self has been renovated to a very high standard. (Great shower!).
Jugon de Lac is equidistant from the historic city of Dinan (well woth a visit) and Lambella for large supermarkets.Lots of excellent, gently sloping, pretty, family beaches are within an easy drive.Even at weekends thay are not overcrowded. You will not run out of Chateaux, Castles ,Forts , Cathedrals or walled towns/villages to visit in a two week's stay. If you want to drive further ( 2.5 hours) you can visit the sites at Carnac.
Would definitely recommend Les Bas, Lescouet for a touring and/or beach holiday.
This advert is created and maintained by the advertiser; we can only publish adverts in good faith as we don't own, manage or inspect any of the properties. We advise you to familiarise yourself with our terms of use.
You're booking with
Solomon N.
- 3 Years listed
90% Response rate
Calendar last updated:17 Apr 2015
Based in United KingdomPunctual Trad is not traded on BSE in the last 30 days
Punctual Trad is not listed on NSE
Get Historical Stock Prices »
Click here to view the Open, High, Low, Close, Volume and Spread data for Punctual.
Punctual Trad is in the Finance - Investments sector.
The company management includes Subodh Agrawal - Director, Manoj Dadhich - Director, Bijay Kumar Saraf - Director.
It is listed on the BSE with a BSE Code of 512461.
Its Registered office is at 411, Embassy Centre, Nariman Point, Mumbai,Maharashtra - 400021.July 22, 2014
IOWA CITY, Iowa -- University of Iowa incoming freshman Christina Buttenham has been named to the 2014 Canadian Junior Women's National Team, Canada Basketball announced Tuesday.
The team will compete in the FIBA Americas Women's U18 Championship at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado, from Aug. 6-10. The team's training camp continues at Durham College in Oshawa, Ontario, until departing for Colorado Springs on Aug. 1.
Buttenham, a 6-foot forward, from Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, attended St. Mary Catholic Secondary School. The Academic Honor Roll student was co-captain of a St. Mary team that finished first in the City Catholic High School League standings and was a finalist in the city championship last year. Buttenham, who scored a team-high 20 points in the title game, earned first team all-star honors in four high school tournaments. She17 Women's Basketball Team, which won a bronze medal at the FIBA World Cadette championship in the Netherlands. She scored eight points in the game against Japan to help Team Canada earn a Bronze Medal in Amsterdam.
Iowa will return 10 letterwinners from a team that went 27-9 in 2014 and made its Big Ten-best seventh-consecutive NCAA Tournament appearance. Chase Coley (Minneapolis), Whitney Jennings (Logansport, Indiana), and Carly Mohns (Brodhead, Wisconsin) are also joining the UI program this season.
The Hawkeyes open the regular season Nov. 14, hosting USC Upstate at Carver-Hawkeye Arena.
Tickets are available by visiting the ticket office at Carver-Hawkeye Arena, calling 1-800-IA-HAWKS, or online at hawkeyesports.com.Do you associate banana bread with the 1970’s? I know I do. In that era of hippies and free love, there was a push toward eating healthy and that’s when natural food stores, macrobiotics and crimes against nature like carob came into vogue. But banana bread actually became popular in the 1930’s during the depression as a way to salvage over ripe bananas, along with a rise in the use of baking powder in recipes to create such things as “quick breads.” Regardless of association, banana bread is often thought of as healthy, though it can be loaded with fat and cholesterol and in general is not exactly good for you despite the addition of fruit.
Banana bread is not always my favorite because it’s usually loaded with walnuts (which I loathe). However, remove the walnuts and add chocolate and I’m a happy girl. I wanted to see if I could make a healthy banana bread without wanting to use it as a doorstop. What I discovered is that it really depends on how you want to define “healthy.”
No fat? No cholesterol? That’s not going to happen without sacrificing taste and texture to a certain degree. So how about about making it healthier than the typical quick bread? I can live with that. Below are the small changes I made and I was so happy with the result that I baked it for our weekly family dinner. Twice. No one noticed anything except how rich and decadent it tasted.
- I replaced the typical white flour with whole wheat flour and did not notice a discernible difference in texture; it wasn’t any denser than the typical quick bread.
- Including toasted whole flax seeds gave it a bit of crunch and a nutty flavor without the added fat. Flax seeds are also a good source of healthy Omega 3 fatty acids which can help lower cholesterol.
- Instead of melted butter which is a saturated fat, I used grape seed oil which is polyunsaturated.
- Dark chocolate contains antioxidants and some studies show that half an ounce of dark chocolate per day can provide health benefits to the heart and mood. Plus it just tastes good!
- Finally, I used 1% milk rather than whole milk, lowering the fat content.
I won’t go so far as to call this recipe low fat, because it’s not. My point is simply to show that some healthy substitutions can be made without even noticing. If you’re curious, click here for the nutritional info on one slice. As I said, it’s not exactly low fat, but it’s way better for you than a 1/2 cup of Chocolate Haagan Daaz, my personal benchmark for it’s bad for me but I’ll eat it anyway. This may not be your mama’s hippy banana bread, but it is healthier without sacrificing taste and texture.
Chocolate Banana Bread Recipe
Printable Recipe in PDF
8 oz whole wheat flour (about 1.5 cups)
4 oz (wt) sugar (about 2/3 cup)
1 oz (wt) cocoa powder (about 1/3 cup)
2 tsp. baking powder
1 tsp instant espresso powder
1.5 cups very ripe banana, mashed (3 bananas)
4 oz grape seed oil
6 oz milk (1%)
2 eggs, lightly beaten
1 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 cup flax whole flax seeds, toasted
3 oz (wt) dark chocolate, chopped (about 1/2 cup)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9-by-5-Inch Loaf Pan* I spray mine with a refillable Misto Olive Oil Sprayer.
In a large bowl, whisk together the whole wheat flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder and espresso powder. Note: the espresso powder isn’t 100% necessary, but it really enhances the chocolate flavor.
In another large bowl, combine the wet ingredients; mashed banana (it’s ok to leave some small lumps), oil, milk, eggs and vanilla. Add the chopped chocolate and flax seed to the wet mixture. Add in all the dry ingredients at once and stir to combine. Do not over-mix.
Pour the batter into the greased loaf pan and bake on a rack set in the middle of the oven for 55-60 minutes. I use a bamboo skewer to determine doneness (if it comes out wet with dough sticking to it, it’s not done) and start checking at about 45 minutes. Allow to cool 10 minutes then remove from the pan and cool on a wire rack.
Yields 14-16 slices.
*My pan in the photo below is hand made by my Uncle and is actually 10″x5″x5″ so your loaf may come out a bit taller than mine if you use a standard 9″x5″ pan. But isn’t it pretty?
{ 10 comments… read them below or add one }
Looks really wholesome and delicious!
Dark chocolate, flax seed, and bananas – yum! I love baking quick breads for my kids. I’ll have to try this recipe, ASAP.
Yum! I love the addition of cocoa & espresso powder; this looks delicious. Also, the pan is gorgeous! love it.
Thanks Rebekah, I love that pan too!
This looks and sounds SO GOOD. Healthy too!
This turned out great! My son, the pickiest eater on the planet, loved it. I substituted canola oil and didn’t add flax seeds (just threw in some flax to make myself feel healthier, but I don’t need crunch in my banana bread). I also baked it in two smaller loaf pans for 35 mins. Really yummy! Thanks for posting this.
Thanks for letting me know! Glad your son liked it too.
Ooooo this looks really good! I think flax would be a great addition. I just love contrasting textures in my food. I have 2 sad looking bananas in my freezer, might have to pull them out to give this a try.
Made this today with a few adaptations–so moist and delicious! Hubs tried to convince himself that “banana bread” means healthy, even though there’s an entire chocolate bar inside. At least there’s whole wheat flour
I made this last night but as muffins — Substituted turbinado sugar, skim milk and canola oil, and used mini chocolate chips. Sooo good!
{ 3 trackbacks }Available in Cream/Navy
$9.90 Yellow
$22.90 ... Black/Cream, Heather Grey/Navy
$9.99
$11.13
Forever 21+ - We love florals year-round (who says they have to be restricted to warm weather?). This layer-friendly short-sleeved top puts feminine style front and center. It features an allover burnout mesh rose pattern and a round neckline. Just think of it as the stylish equivalent of gifting yourself a gorgeous bouquet of flowers. Lightweight knit70% rayon, 30% polyester21" full length, 42" chest, 40" waist, 8" sleeve lengthMeasured from 1XHand wash coldImportedKnit54% cotton, 45% polyester26" full length, 34" chest, 36" waist, 26" sleeve lengthMeasured from SmallHand wash cold
Available in Black/White, Navy/Black
$10.19 Peach
$8.99
Available in Ivory/Black
Forever 21 Contemporary - In a gradated grid print, this halter top packs a graphic punch. A contrast trim outlines its sleek silhouette such as its Cream
$15.96/Gold
$25.99
Available in Light Heather Grey
$13.80
A relaxed top featuring a patch chest pocket. Round neckline. Long sleeves. Heathered knit. Lightweight. DETAILS:28" approx. length from high point shoulder to hem, 44" chest, 42" waist, 26" sleeve length from high point shoulderMeasured from Small96% rayon, 3% spandex, 1% cottonHand wash cold, line dryImported
Available in Blue, Pink
$22.80
Forever 21 Contemporary -Lightweight, woven100% polyester25" full length, 38" chest, 39" waistMeasured from SmallMachine wash coldImported
Available in Pink, Taupe
A textured knit top featuring a round neckline. Long sleeves with dropped shoulders. Semi-sheer. Unlined. Lightweight. DETAILS:25" approx. length from high point shoulder to hem, 50" chest, 50" waist, 25" sleeve length from high point shoulderMeasured from Small62% rayon, 38% polyesterHand wash cold, line dryImportedLightweight, woven100% polyester22.5" full ...
Available in Black/White
If you're anything like us, then chances are you get a little cranky when your stomach starts to growl - which is why this long-sleeved, slightly cropped top is so perfect! Featuring "I'm Hangry" emblazoned across the front, this piece is finished with a round neckline and a raw cut hemline. Lightweight knit88% cotton, 12% polyester17" full length, 40" chest, 40" waist, 28" sleeve lengthMeasured from SmallHand wash coldUSAARTIST STATEMENT
My current body of work is influenced by material culture and the natural world. I’m interested in the seduction of these contrasting environments. Through creating installations using natural and artificial objects, the work questions our imprint on landscape. Within an interactive atmosphere, the participant is confronted with a juxtaposition of materials, which are aimed at confusing our complex perceptions of our surroundings.Publisher's Description+
From Britt Yenne: database is very large (over 700k) but contains information on over 5200 Disney trading pins.
read more +Files » Skyrim » Visuals and graphics
5 329Legendary - Main Menu Wallpaper and Music ReplacerThis mod replaces the Main Menu's wallpaper and music. It is not intended to be a permanent replacer to Bethesda's default wallpaper and music. This is only a mod as an alternative approach to the appearance of Skyrim's Main Menu.Released: 19/05/2015 - 07:27PMUpdated: 21/05/2015 - 07:51AM
by avatar3s
4 55Enb me not. Extreme Sweet Fx PresetsThis is a sweetfx preset that is around the same level of quality as a enb without a enb and performance wise it runs about the same as ICBINE 3 i run this on my Mid 2011 mac mini with a Intel HD 3000 graphics card and 4 gb ramReleased: 16/05/2015 - 07:34PMUpdated: 17/05/2015 - 06:27PM
by Angelfireslassers
66 751Holy Wards - a retextureRetextures the wards to have a soft holy color scheme. 2048x128Released: 16/05/2015 - 03:11AMUpdated: 16/05/2015 - 04:27PM
by Banjobunny
48 569Regional Snow and IceFour new Snow, Ice and Rock types to totally immersive yourself in the various Holds of Skyrim. New Icy Rocks with softer Snow, Powdered Snow for the Pale, Frozen Crystallized Snow for Northern Winterhold and Frozen Icy Rocks for upper reaches of Falkreath Hold and Throat of the World.Released: 14/05/2015 - 08:38AMUpdated: 20/05/2015 - 12:20PM
by snapmoderator
3 24Uli H. Moon ModThis is a lore friendly retexture of the masser moon.Released: 12/05/2015 - 06:50PMUpdated: 14/05/2015 - 07:54PM
by Luca1299
4 41shitty main menu replacernailed itReleased: 12/05/2015 - 04:14AMUpdated: 12/05/2015 - 04:14AM
by Epichp
5 80Skyrim ScaryShadedThis mod aims to make Skyrim more creepy and atmospheric with some new shaders.Released: 09/05/2015 - 06:22PMUpdated: 12/05/2015 - 02:33PM
by master6TheOriginal
22 250Phoenix Cinematic ENB - For Low End PCPhoenix Cinematic ENB - For Low End PCReleased: 08/05/2015 - 02:16PMUpdated: 15/05/2015 - 09:00PM
by theslaayer
47 1,003Towns and Villages Enhanced - Pro - WhiterunA new take on the popular mod series, Towns and Villages Enhanced. Enjoy a rockier, wilder Whiterun - with incredible detail!Released: 30/04/2015 - 07:06PMUpdated: 02/05/2015 - 01:36AM
by aplestormy
14 75BobbleheadsYou didn't ask for it. No one was waiting for it. It's here anyway, and Skyrim will never be sane again!Released: 28/04/2015 - 10:16PMUpdated: 29/04/2015 - 12:08AM
by verteiron
2,647 32,915PurityMy last contribution.Released: 28/04/2015 - 06:50PMUpdated: 21/05/2015 - 12:52PM
by Laast
37 475DRELDYN's Original Main Menu OverhaulReleased: 25/04/2015 - 04:06PMUpdated: 27/04/2015 - 01:41PM
by DRELDYN
12 143Anterior Superior Lighting ReshaderAre you feeling that you are tired of vanilla lighting, but you are actually not? That's good man, that's Real Good. Maybe you should try this one then.Released: 23/04/2015 - 12:55PMUpdated: 23/04/2015 - 09:17PM
by sikszamar
36 475Skyrim ReshadedENBs look great, but they come in at a similary great performance hit. This mod aims to bring ENB-like graphics without breaking down on your FPS using the ReShade Injector and MasterEffect Reborn shaders.Released: 18/04/2015 - 09:36PMUpdated: 10/05/2015 - 02:17PM
by master6TheOriginal
17 218Wine - Red RetextureThis mod replaces the color of wine bottles to red, instead of green, because wine is red. Simple.Released: 12/04/2015 - 08:18PMUpdated: 12/04/2015 - 08:25PM
by Snowball0
59 937Snowy Windhelm 2.0Snowy Windhelm - No more ugly ground textures for Windhelm!Released: 12/04/2015 - 02:20PMUpdated: 12/05/2015 - 05:15PM
by steveowashere17
4 39Hold Guard Helmets Re-TextureA simple Hold Guard helmet re-texture. (Click for more info)Released: 03/04/2015 - 03:08PMUpdated: 03/04/2015 - 03:11PM
by CamoFlash7
1 23Female Wood Elf Head - Normal Map PathChanged path for the female Wood Elf head normal map.Released: 28/03/2015 - 05:51PMUpdated: 28/03/2015 - 05:51PM
by RealPuPpEt
36 1,161GD's Enhanced Visuals - A Performance GemFX PresetThis is a visual overhaul based on GemFX. Combined with other mods, it will give Skyrim a fresh and realistic look without killing your performances.Released: 23/03/2015 - 09:21PMUpdated: 10/05/2015 - 09:53AM
by GDelforge
20 345Lens Dirt Textures For ENB Vol.1Released: 22/03/2015 - 09:01PMUpdated: 22/03/2015 - 09:03PM
by Tekknikloopcore
34 688SkyrimFX 1.0Released: 22/03/2015 - 07:54PMUpdated: 22/03/2015 - 11:31PM
by Tekknikloopcore
49 860Gold Drop EmpoweredMass drop individual gold coins for that epic pile of gold you have always wanted.Released: 19/03/2015 - 01:25PMUpdated: 04/04/2015 - 01:16PM
by Spleentor
1,057 17,331I Cant Believe Its Not ENB 3_For those who cant run ENBs. _The end of the trilogy of the most endorsed SweetFX setting ever. _Runs even on laptops and steam-engine calculators. _And best trailers EVER, just check them!Released: 17/03/2015 - 02:14AMUpdated: 19/05/2015 - 03:34PM
by ElSopa
13 188Bleak FXGemFX preset for Pure Weather that attempts to make the game look cinematic with little to no performance hit.Released: 15/03/2015 - 05:11PMUpdated: 26/04/2015 - 01:34PM
by CoffeeAddictUK
156 2,152New Main Menu with The Dragonborn Comes Alt. by MalukahJust a tiny mod that changes your main menu and the music that comes along with it, credits to Malukahs wonderful voice.Released: 10/03/2015 - 01:03AMUpdated: 14/03/2015 - 02:25AM
by SaltedQuailEggs
29 568Skyrim Intro ReplacerReplace the Bethesda splash screen with a short from the Live Action trailer.Released: 05/03/2015 - 09:59PMUpdated: 20/03/2015 - 01:47AM
by Pharros
0 15Homestuck buckets retexturedretextures buckets to be more..... well you get it if you read homestuckReleased: 05/03/2015 - 02:11AMUpdated: 05/03/2015 - 02:11AM
by elijahhoyt
63 1,547Realistic FXRealistic FX adds a New Gen Graphic look to skyrim. My Preset is a combination with SweetFx, IMAGINATOR and Realistic Lightning. It comes also with zero performence lost. I have this created for all Users that can not run a enb mod. But i think i make a new preset for high and systems. a enb preset is my new project for the next time. SettingReleased: 02/03/2015 - 04:32AMUpdated: 31/03/2015 - 10:20AM
by BlackRaven90
43 1,117Skyrim FPS Booster and SoftenerReleased: 20/02/2015 - 01:40AMUpdated: 04/03/2015 - 06:49AM
by Raysuko
13 116Windhelm Ground RetextureA simple Windhelm ground texture.Released: 19/02/2015 - 06:58PMUpdated: 19/02/2015 - 06:58PM
by NetharcosFlood fears on the rise
By MORGAN MANNS
STAFF WRITER
As warmer temperatures creep into the area, they bring with them the threat of rain showers and possible flooding.
According to the National Weather Service, a 90 percent chance of rain has been predicted for Thursday with possible snow and/or freezing rain. Strong thunderstorms with damaging winds are also possible.
According to Seneca County Public Safety Administrator Dan Stahl, the damaging winds criteria for any severe thunderstorm is 58 mph or stronger.
“Thunderstorms are a dangerous event,” Stahl said. “Stay indoors and away from windows. Watch the local weather stations and be prepared for power outages or flooding.”
Rainfall is expected to accumulate .75 inches Thursday and another .25 to .5 inches expected Thursday night, in addition to melting snow.
According to the NWS, at least 90 percent of the accumulated snow will melt quickly as temperatures reach the lower 50’s today.
Flash floods and river floods are likely; however, the severity of flooding is undetermined. The potential for flooding is highly dependent on how much rainfall occurs and how fast the snow melts, according to the NWS.
Stahl said the amount of flooding will vary with the amount of stored water equivalency in the snow, which is the amount of water that will be created from the snow once it melts.
According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Natural Resources Conservation Service, ten inches of snow is generally equivalent to one inch of rain, depending on the density of the snow. Light and loose snow makes less water, while dense and slushy snow creates more water when melted.
“The biggest thing is consideration,” Stahl said. “Three quarters of an inch doesn’t sound like a lot but on top of frozen ground with a lot of stored water equivalency, we’re looking at the possibility of major flooding. Be aware of the situation — if things start to flood, evacuate the location.”
He said different kinds of flooding are possible, including river, small creeks, and surface flooding, as well as basement flooding.
Ohio Lt. Governor and Insurance Director Mary Taylor offered information and tips for Ohioans as warmer temperatures and rain increase the risk for flooding across Ohio in a press release.
“After several snowstorms and little to no thawing because of the bitter cold, this week’s warmer temperatures bring an increased risk for flooding,” Taylor said. “If your property is impacted by flooding, first make sure you and your family are safe before assessing the damage. Those who have experienced a loss to their property or possessions should contact their insurance company or agent.”
Damage caused by rain, hail, lightning and tornadoes are generally covered by standard homeowner, renter and business insurance policies, and an auto insurance policy’s “comprehensive” or “other than collision” coverage. Flood insurance is not included in typical insurance policies, according to the release.
People should regularly review their need for flood insurance because there is a 30-day waiting period for coverage to start, Taylor said in the release.
For those who have suffered storm damage:
• Call your insurance agent or company as soon as possible..
Flood insurance is made available by the federal National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) at and is purchased through an insurance agent.
For more information on insurance, call the Department’s consumer hotline at 1-800-686-1526 or visit.
As of 4 p.m. Wednesday, Seneca, Hancock and Wood counties issued an areal flood watch until 10 a.m. Friday.
According to a press release from Safety Service Director Allyson Murray, Fostoria’s four-person Sewer Maintenance Crew is “working diligently to clear the drains that are covered with snow and ice” in an effort to minimize the risk for flooding. With more than thousands of them throughout the city, officials are asking that residents check drains in their neighborhoods, and if possible, clear them of any accumulation.
For those not physically able to clear them, report the covered drains to the mayor’s office at 419-435-8282.
A slight chance of precipitation is possible for early Friday morning but will taper off by 9 a.m., leaving a small breeze and sunny skies with highs near 40 degrees.
A cold front will again hit the area this weekend with temperatures averaging in the mid to upper 20s, with a 30 percent chance of precipitation Saturday and sunny skies Sunday.
For more information on current or future weather conditions, visit."A city is made of man-made systems" says Tony Mwai, General Manager IBM who describes a city as a system of systems where each of them has its own information needs.
Imagine a city with one control platform that harnesses information from the government services, transportation, energy and utilities, healthcare, public sector and education to make better decisions, anticipate tragedies like the fire that consumed Nairobi's Sinai slums, then resolve them proactively.
According to IBM statistics the population of Nairobi will increase by over 65% come the year 2020. This will put more pressure on the existing infrastructure and without proper planning, Nairobi City residents will loose more than KSh 50 million a day just as a result of time lost in traffic. The solution is to adopt a smart city model, which delivers a city with coordinated systems devoid of short comings like traffic jams that have negative effects in terms of both work productivity and social life.
The smart city platform helps city managers with proper coordination and management of resources for different utilities that exist in a city to operate effectively. For instance coordination of emergency call services with hospitals, security firms and fire department and traffic camera systems in times of disasters. With such a platform, cities will generate more value to its residents in the rapidly changing economic and urban world.
Following a series of floods and mudslides that claimed the lives of 100 people back in April 2010, Rio de Janeiro announced a significant overhaul of its city operations and implemented a smart city platform. The city is currently collaborating with IBM on a plan that will help meteorologists, geological surveyors, field operations and security officers work together to dramatically speed emergency responsiveness.This is a big step in preparing for the World Cup in 2014 and the Olympics in 2016.
Not only will this system help city agencies "talk" to each other more effectively, but it will also ensure that each department knows what to do with real-time information. IBM has 2000 smart cities projects all over the world which consists of systems, that co-exist and share new technology processes from other areas such as manufacturing, supply and service industries.
Last week Tony Mwai had a round table discussion with various stakeholders in Nairobi to discuss the benefits of changing Nairobi to a smarter city. This will provide a central platform with capabilities of monitoring, measuring any physical systems in Nairobi, collect and analyze real-time information from transport networks, to hospitals and electricity grids.-RL - 120mm Computer Case Cooling Fan with LP4 Adapter - Red Frame & 4 Red LED Lights, Sleeve Bearing, Silent
Pros: This is a recently priced fan that has lasted me several years with the PC running continuously. The LED lights are just right.
Cons: It will stop working at some point, as do most PC fans.
Other Thoughts: Now, for my personal tech tip. This fan recently slowed down and started making noise. I started researching buying a new fan and became curious about how these fans worked. Basically, sleeve bearing fans will stop working once the grease is gone/dirty in the sleeve bearing You can also tell this by spinning the fan blade manually; if it does not spin freely, it is likely a grease issue. The fan can be disassembled by removing the sticker on the back (and the black cap under the sticker) where you will find a small ring that keeps the fan shaft attached to the unit. (Google it). This ring can be removed using a small needle and a pair of needle nose pliers. I removed the ring and slid the fan blade off. I then greased the bearing hole where the fan shaft slides into using some household oil I had on hand. I replaced the blade, the ring and the sticker... Voila.. the fan was back in working order as if it was brand new. I also did this with the Vantec Spectrum Fan Card with Dual 70mm that I have had for well over 8 years, and it too is back in full function. I'm stoked that I was able to revive my fans and save money in the process. I hope this helps others.READ FULL REVIEW
Display Name: william l.
Date Joined: 06/18/07
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.The penalties and administrative sanctions imposed in a first DUI in West Virginia hinge entirely on the case-specific nature of each individual DUI case, especially regarding the BAC of the offender at the time of arrest. West Virginia DUI law employs a sliding scale of penalties and enhanced penalties for offenders in light of elevating factors, including extreme BAC (higher than .15) and whether minor (person under age of 16) is present in vehicle. For specific insight into your pending DUI case, it is imperative you consult with a West Virginia lawyer to discern the specific nature and potential penalties relevant to your charges.
Administrative Penalties
- Drivers arrested under suspicion of DUI in West Virginia, first offense, face an impending administrative license suspension of six (6) months, pending the outcome of an administrative hearing
- Upon reinstatement, first offenders may be required to participate in an ignition interlock device program
- SR-22 insurance not mandatory per state statute, but may be required in light of no alternative insurance coverage options at time of reinstatement
Criminal Penalties
The typical first offense DUI cost
To get a basic idea of how much a first offense DUI will cost you, see our article on the cost of a DUI.
- First offense convictions carry no mandatory period of incarceration in West Virginia for simple DUI offenses, but if enhanced factors exist, driver faces mandatory incarceration of at least two (2) days. Convictions carry maximum potential of incarceration for a period of six (6) months
- Fines range widely, but are capped at a maximum of $500 for simple, first offense DUI conviction. These fine amounts do not cover items such as court costs, assessment costs, or completion of other terms of one’s sentence. Fines enhanced to a maximum of $1,000 for elevated first offense DUI cases
- Alcohol or substance abuse assessment requirement likely
- Convictions for first offense will influence second offense DUI cases, if applicable, only if occurring within the next ten (10) years
Getting Legal Help
West Virginia does not statutorily prohibit reduction of DUI offenses to lesser criminal convictions. Likewise, defendants facing these charges are free to actively seek out dismissal or negotiate favorable plea agreements, ideally upon the advice and representation of legal counsel. For more information and insight on a first offense DUI in West Virginia, consult with a West Virginia DUI lawyer to learn more.- aRazzi
1996 Nissan Maxima Body Kits
Fits - 1996 Nissan Maxima
Fits - 1996 Nissan Maxima
Fits - 1996 Nissan Maxima
1996 Nissan Maxima body kits are exterior accessories that can be installed to revise and rejuvenate a vehicle’s look. After years of usage, the exterior components on many cars begins to look old and ugly. Any damage to a car’s paint job or to the exterior components themselves can lower a car’s resale value, making the use of body kit is just that significant. A body kits can transform a vehicle look newer, without changing any of the mechanics of the ride.
Some aftermarket 1996 Nissan Maxima body kits products come with replacements for a couple of exterior components, bumper covers and side panels. These are the areas of a car that are often damaged from daily driving, but these alone aren’t the only pieces that can be easily fixed. Other custom exterior parts can be used to upgrade a car’s look, so 1996 Nissan Maxima body kits can sometimes be tailored to a driver’s specific requirement. For an enhanced look that replaces the outdated appearance created from years of usage, a simple body kits can serve you well.Class Notes
Get behind the most interesting education stories, research and trends with the Express-News education reporters.
Posts filtered on Category […] [Read More]
Robert Scott to sit on Obama’s transitional task force
Tex […] [Read More]
SA ranks high for charter school students
Last week, the Texas State Board of Education approved two new charters for schools to open here next fall. Center City – Health Careers, for students interested in medicine in grades six through 12 on the South, East and West sides of town; and the Henry Ford Academy: San Antonio, a high school for students […] [Read More]
UTSA prof tops on popular rating site
J […] [Read More]
Americans bomb test on civic literacy
It probably won’t surprise you to learn that twice as many Americans know Paula Abdul was a judge on American Idol than know “government of the people, by the people and for the people” is a key phrase from Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg address. But the Washington, D.C.-based Intercollegiate Studies Institute is only too happy to […] [Read More]
New data on schools
Want. […] [Read More]
SAISD on track to make cafeteria cuts
Harlandale grant an opportunity gained, not lost
Where should the Obama girls go to school?
While’ […] [Read More]
Show More!— Measurement Tag For Dictionary.com – > <!— Audience Tag for IAC Network – >
Semper, Nate On 30 October 2006, Nate wrote to his brother Austin, who was attending Officer Candidate School in Quantico.
They then sent off the butts to the bureau lab in Quantico for testing.
Quantico, VA Sept. 24, 2009 Daniel Patrick Boyd A group of men are charged in plot to attack the Marine Corps base in Quantico.Health and Family Services Cabinet
September is Food Safety Education Month
Governor Ernie Fletcher has proclaimed the month of September as Food Safety Education Month in Kentucky.
Using the theme, “Don’t Compromise – Clean and Sanitize,” the Food Safety Branch in the Department for Public Health, the Kentucky Grocers Association, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Department of Agriculture invite the public to participate in several events that focus on procedures necessary for proper cleaning and sanitizing.
“Americans are aware of food safety now more than ever before,” said Christine Atkinson, manager of Kentucky’s Food Safety Branch.
Through National Food Safety Education Month, Atkinson’s department has the opportunity to highlight what state, local and industry partners are doing to educate employees and customers on proper food safety procedures.
During September, state and local health departments, food service operations and retail markets will conduct training activities for restaurant and food industry professionals, as well as communicate. “We must also remember that food safety is equally important at home.”
As part of its observance, the Food Safety Branch is sponsoring the annual Kentucky Retail Food Seminar Sept. 6-8, in Louisville at the Brown Hotel. Approximately 100 food safety professionals from across the state, including state and local health department inspectors and their industry partners, will gather for the continuing education seminar.
For more information on food safety, please log on to the Food Safety Branch Web site at: or call the Food Safety Branch at (502) 564-7181.Police step up patrols after fires
08:04 17 September 2012
The hunt is on for an arsonist
Archant
The hunt is on for a serial arsonist who targets post boxes in Sprowston and Thorpe St Andrew, on the outskirts of Norwich.
Police are stepping up patrols in the area after nine Royal Mail post boxes were targeted since mid-August.
Police continue to investigate the incidents and are urging members of the public who witness anyone acting suspiciously near a post box to call them immediately.
The first fires happened in Thorpe St Andrew between August 18 and 21 when post boxes in Harvey Lane, Orchard Close and Henby Way, were deliberately set alight.
Between August 25 and 28 the post box in Thunder Lane was targeted while between 6.30pm and 6.45pm a post box in Harvey Lane was set alight for a second time.
Four post boxes were targeted in Sprowston overnight on Saturday, September 8 in Blithewood Gardens, Cozens Hardy Road, Neville Road and Wroxham Road.
In all cases mail was damaged or destroyed as a result of the fires.
Local policing commander, Inspector Dave Cuff, said: “Patrols have already been stepped up in the areas affected and this activity will continue.
“The majority of incidents have happened in the early hours and we believe they are being committed by the same offender.
“I would urge anyone in the area who witnesses people acting suspiciously, particularly near post boxes, to contact police immediately.”
A fire was also started deliberately in the public toilets at River Green, off Yarmouth Road in Thorpe St Andrew in the early hours on August 21.
Meanwhile, an arsonist torched a bin in St William’s Way in Thorpe St Andrew just after 1.50am on Friday, September 14.
Anyone who witnesses suspicious activity is urged to call police using the non-emergency number 101 - if you believe a crime is in progress always dial 999.
Making Sense of: Dying and Death
Saturday 12th November - Monday 14th November 2011
Hotel Angelo, Prague, Czech Republic
Call for Papers:.
This inter- and multi-disciplinary conference explores dying and death and the ways culture impacts care for the dying, the overall experience of dying, and ways the dead are remembered. Over the past three...Members of Buffalo Grove’s RE/MAX Experts Receive Honors
by
Broker associates at Buffalo Grove’s RE/MAX Experts received special recognition from the RE/MAX Northern Illinois region for their sales success in 2012. Specific agents of the RE/MAX Experts team were offered membership to one of five honorary clubs, each recognizing an important level of achievement in sales production.
Successes All Around
Andee Hausman qualified as a Chairman’s Club member, due to her annual sales achievements. The average productivity of Chairman’s Club members in northern Illinois in 2012 was remarkably 27 times greater than the average earnings of a National Association of Realtors (NAR) sales agent.
Larry Leibovitz and George Seaverns earned a membership in the Platinum Club for productivity. The average 2012 commission income of a RE/MAX Northern Illinois network Platinum Club affiliate was 14 times that of the average NAR sales agent.
The following agents qualified as members of the 100 Percent Club for reaching an outstanding level of sales productivity: Glenn Brezka, Julie Brown, Michael Cell, Karen Danenberg, Gary Ellis, Lyn Fairlamb, Steven Goodman, Rachel Hausman and Vic Singh. In 2012, the average RE/MAX Northern Illinois 100% Club member earned commissions that were 6.5 times larger than the average NAR sales agent.
The following agents have been named members of the Executive Club, a group of affiliates whose sales productivity is above the industry norm: Pablo Ayala, Dana Cohen, Susan Gerlach, Carolyn Goodman Dawn Simmons, Jolita Villmiene and Sadie Winter. In 2012, RE/MAX Executive Club members in Northern Illinois generated commissions more than three times than that of the average NAR sales agent.
A Lifetime Achievement Award was presented to Larry Leibovitz of RE/MAX Experts. This award is presented to someone who has been part of the worldwide RE/MAX network for a least seven years and completed 1,000 or more real estate transactions during that time.- $51.
- $29 $39 dorothyperkins.comSimilar itemBlack linen shorts in a tropical print design. Inside leg length is 10cm. 50% Cotton,50% Linen. Machine washable.
- Similar itemMulti-coloured Peacock print shorts with embellishment on hem. 100% Polyester. Machine washable.
- $218 scoopnyc.comSimilar itemThese Ikat print shorts from Joie are a boxer cut and are fully lined. Fun embroidery around the hem of each leg; elasticized waist. 100% Silk; lining: 1005 Polyester. Dry Clean Only. Made in India.
- $85 jackwills.comSimilar itemTraditional cargo shorts have been given a makeover to produce the Downing Utility Short. Made of a lightweight soft cotton, they feature two pockets big enough for all your must-haves and a large ribbon belt to tie around the waist, helping promote a flattering shape. Where them with a tight white vest top and some big sunnies to complete the casual/glam combo. 55% Viscose 45% Cotton. Machine Wash.
- Styling idea
- $74 $147 pinkmascara.comSimilar itemThese shorts are the perfect summer length. The fray will never shorten or thin, even after multiple washes. 7.5” Rise, 2” Inseam. 98% Cotton, 2% Elastin.
- .
- $325 shopbop.comPeople also liked. Measurements Rise: 11.5in / 29cm Inseam: 9in / 23cm Measurements from size 2. Available sizes: 0,2,4,6,8
- .
- People also likedNo item description
- Styling idea
- $815 harrods.comPeople also likedTibi puts a contemporary spin on ladylike style in the Faille Brodee Short. Crafted from pure silk, the shorts boast a layered design that sees flaps of embroidered silk faille top the tailored underlayer, reminiscent of culottes. Team with the matching top for the ultimate SS15 ensemble.
- .
- $23 newlook.comPeople also likedParisian. Try these flower shorts with a casual white crop top and sandals, for a chic beach look. Matching top available. All over print. Crochet hem. Casual fit. Woven fabric. Model is 5’8”/176cm and wears UK 10/EU 38/US 6.
- $325 shopbop.comPeople also likedTibi shorts, rendered in a luxe silk blend and styled with an abstract photo print. Draped overlays add sweet movement to the silhouette. Hidden side zip. Lined. Fabric: Shantung. Shell: 74% silk/26% linen. Lining: 100% cotton. Dry clean. Imported, China. Measurements Rise: 14.25in / 36cm Inseam: 3.25in / 8cm Measurements from size 4. Available sizes: 0,4,6,8
- 
- By alejandrahelStyling idea
- $26 $61 missselfridge.comPeople also likedBurgandy turn up hem short 77% Polyester,17% Viscose,6% Elastane. Machine washable.
- $345 shopbop.comPeople also likedBold pleats accent the crossover construction of these structured Tibi culottes. On seam hip pockets and welt back pockets. Hook and eye closure and hidden back zip. Fabric: Suiting. 48% cotton/45% polyamide/7% elastane. Dry clean. Imported, China. Measurements Rise: 14.25in / 36cm Inseam: 19.25in / 49cm Leg opening: 26.75in / 68cm Measurements from size 4. Available sizes: 6
- By victoriyatodStyling idea
- $125 $250 whistles.comSimilar itemBest worn loose, these carpenter shorts feature a standout enlarged check. With contrast button, white stitch detail and enlarged back pockets to flatter your shape. The shorts finish just below the knee and are true to size.
- $855Update your culottes for the warmer months by switching to lighter colors, softer fabrics, and beautiful semi-sheer details. This pair is an effortless summer staple, easily paired with a variety of sleeveless and strapless tops. A pair of mules completes the look. Flat front closure. Front slash, back welt pockets. Partially lined. Fabrication: 70% Rayon, 20% Polyamide, 10% Cotton. Dry Clean Only. Fits true to size, take normal size Inseam Length: 20 3/4"
- $125 lacoste.comSimilar itemNothing says warm-weather style like striped linen: these colorful shorts are ideal for days at the beach or strolls in the park. All over stripe pattern. Cotton linen. Modern Fit.
- Collection
- .
- Styling ideaElizabeth Crowley, New York
Elections
2012
Crowley is running, has endorsed Meng over his relative. As a local Democratic leader, the congressman is heavily invested in the race; analysts suggest he would benefit from backing a winner after he endorsed a candidate in 2010 who went on to lose to Republican Bob Turner in an upset.[2]
Regardless of who wins the Democratic nomination in the 6th this year, however, the party is not expected to lose the seat. Joe Crowley's interest in supporting Meng is more about bolstering the "perceived strengths" of the local Democratic organization, analysts say.[2] Meng does have the cash advantage, as well as the race advantage in a 40-percent Asian district. She has also been endorsed by The New York Times and EMILY's List,[2] among others.[3]
Lancman is making a race of it, however. He has been endorsed by the New York Daily News and the Queens Chronicle, and is strongly pursuing the Jewish vote.[2] He and Meng have also been involved in some intense campaigning, each sharply criticizing the other.[4][5] Lancman sent out a mass mailing decrying Meng's and Crowley's stances on Israel and national defense.[5]
Elizabeth Crowley has mostly stayed out of attack mode, but recently released an ad accusing Lancman of being too involved in the redistricting process and benefiting himself with the redrawn lines.[6]
Recent news
This section displays the most recent stories in a google news search for the term "Elizabeth + Crowley + New York + House"
- All stories may not be relevant to this legislator due to the nature of the search engine.
External links
References
- ↑ AP "2012 primary results"
- ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 2.3 Roll Call "Democratic Primary Going to Wire in Queens," June 19, 2012
- ↑ New York Daily News "Elizabeth Crowley, Grace Meng Log NY-6 Nods," April 23, 2012
- ↑]MMORPG.com's exclusive review of World of WarcraftPosted on 04/13/2005 by Reed Hubbard
Right from the get-go, it needs to be said that Warlords of Draenor is a fantastic expansion. It has hit many of the right notes in all the right ways beginning with the stat and skill pruning that has been much discussed over the last year or so. Players have fewer skills, but better ones overall. Traveling through the world on the way to 100, fighting in both normal and heroic dungeons, anywhere in Draenor requires thought.Posted on 12/05/2014 by Suzie Ford
World.Posted on 11/06/2012 by Garrett Fuller
World of Warcraft has been completely remade with the recent Cataclysm expansion. MMORPG.com Industry Relations Manager Garrett Fuller takes a look at all of the Cataclysm features that have made it nearly a new game. From the remade quests and leveling mechanics to the new classes, Garrett gives a comprehensive look at World of Warcraft: Cataclysm.Posted on 12/23/2010 by Garrett Fuller
MMORPG.com writer Joe Iuliani writes this review of Blizzard's most recent release, the second World of Warcraft expansion, Wrath of the Lich King.Posted on 01/02/2009 by Joe Iuliani
It was released to much hype and long lines, but does World of Warcraft's first expansion, The Burning Crusade, live up to the hype? Hasani Davis gives us his impressions of this new, expanded version of Azeroth.Posted on 03/06/2007 by Hasani Davis
Garrett Fuller focuses on the end-game of WoW, pre-Burning Crusades.Posted on 09/04/2006 by
Well to begin my overview with it definitely needs to be available on xbox, there really needs to be hidden treasure chests, and a variety of clothing options. dungensPosted on 07/22/2013 by spicychiken1
The story of why I quit WoW after years of playing, and why players who are thinking of picking it up should be wary.Posted on 05/31/2013 by MostFruitfulYuki
A short review of mine, concerning the changes to Azeroth in WoW: Cataclysm. The text is straight out of my own blog, and inspired me to put it up as a review.Posted on 10/04/2011 by ZillenNews came late yesterday that the Packers released their punter of a couple years, Jon Ryan, and replaced him with former Redskins' punter, Derrick Frost. This was one of those possibilities that seemed to fly under the radar most of training camp. Ryan had a poor opening preseason game against Cincinnati, but boomed his way back to a 54.8 yards per punt average in the last two games.
Apparently, though, it was this inconsistency issue that doomed Ryan's stay with the Packers. There has never been a question about his leg strength. But, to paraphrase Forrest Gump, Ryan's punting was like a box of chocolates: you never knew what you're going to get.
The same, it would seem, could also be said about Frost, however. According to an article in the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel, "Last season, Frost started like gangbusters, averaging 45.9 yards per punt in the first three games, but his season gradually went south, starting with a poor performance against the Packers Oct. 14. He went from fourth in the league in gross average and seventh in net after three games to 28th and 16th after seven weeks." The article continued with the comparative stats: Ryan ranked ninth in gross average (44.4) and 11th in net (37.6) while Frost was 28th (41.0) in gross and 22nd in net (36.4).
So, why the move? Apparently, like many jobs, it's who you know. In this case, Packers' special teams coach, Mike Stock, had coached at Washington when Frost was first trying to land a position as an undrafted free agent. He liked Frost then. In fact, according to the above-mentioned article, "When Stock was special teams coach in Washington, he tried to get Frost to sign as an undrafted rookie, but Frost wound up signing with Philadelphia. Later, Frost attended a tryout camp for NFL Europa where he worked with Stock. 'If it makes any sense, Mike Stock is the special teams coach I know the most and haven’t played for,' Frost said."
Stock was apparently able to convince GM Ted Thompson that Frost was a safer pick to go forward with than Ryan.
Frost will also take over the holding duties on field goals and extra points from Ryan. He held for kickers all four of his seasons in the NFL and also in college at Northern Iowa.
Given that the Packers also now have a new long snapper, Brett Goode, and Frost as the new holder, and less than a week to get in sync with kicker Mason Crosby, things could be quite an adventure for the kicking game early on. Expect opposing special teams units to test things with additional pressure.
Not a situation one would have hoped for less than a week before the regular season kickoff.
Flynn named #2 QB
Not too surprisingly based upon performances in the preseason, seventh-round pick Matt Flynn was named yesterday by Coach Mike McCarthy as the immediate backup to starting QB Aaron Rodgers. He beat out the more highly regarded Brian Brohm.
According to a report in the Green Bay Press-Gazette, Coach McCarthy said,  just need reps.” But, as the article points out, most of Brohm's reps now will come with the scout team while the few backup QB snaps with the first team offense will go to Flynn.
It was clear to those watching the preseason games that -- barring the Pack picking up a veteran QB to back up Rodgers -- Flynn should have the job. Particularly in the last game against the Titans, leading an excellent two-minute drive that brought the Pack within a 2-point conversion of tying the game, Flynn reminded at least a few fans of another young gun once upon a time. What was that guy's name? Oh, yeah...Brett Favre.
Congrats, Mr. Flynn. And, Mr. Brohm...keep on keepin' on. Many Packer fans thought you were a steal in the draft. You didn't perform up to even your own expectations so far. But that's so far. There are many miles to go...
Tuesday, September 02, 2008
Packers punt Ryan, name Flynn #2 QB
Posted by packrphan at 7:32 AM
Do you prefer flats or heels?
Posted by + Show Post
by
Replies (21-27):
Use to be heels but now flats :(
Chicks be like I see you online,come to my page!! lol
Yesterday at 11:01 AM
by
1 mom liked this
I'm short too! It drives me crazy! lol
Quoting Babujai:
I prefer to be barefoot, but when I have to wear shoes I prefer heels. I'm short.
by
I love heels to death. Unfortunatly I have always sprained my ankles and almost broke my ankles wearing them that I have to wear flats or else
Add your quick reply below:
You must be a member to reply to this post.
on Feb. 10, 2013 at 4:08 PM
- Karla1948
Heels, but I keep flats readily available.Sylvia Mathews Burwell
From Ballotpedia
West Virginia) is the current Director of the Office of Management and Budget. She was confirmed by the Senate on April 24, 2013, by a vote of 96-0.[1] The position was vacant for over a year after Jack Lew left the position in January 2012.[2]
Mathews Burwell was confirmed by the Senate on April 24, 2013, by a vote of 96-0.Cite error: Closing
She previously served during both the Obama and Clinton administrations in the Treasury Department, Office of Management and Budget and on President Clinton's staff.[2]:[2]-Present: Director of the Office of Management and Budget
Confirmation vote
Mathews Burwell was confirmed by the Senate on April 24, 2013, by a vote of 96-0.Cite error: Closing
</ref> missing for
<ref> tag
External links
References
- ↑ GovTrack, "On the Nomination: Sylvia Mathews Burwell," April 24, 2013
- ↑ 2.0 2.1 2.2 Washington Post, "Sylvia Mathews Burwell: Six things to know about the new White House budget director," March 3, 2013
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
bioWhy.
Job OpportunityWe are seeking an outstanding individual to join and lead the Department of Materials Science and Engineering. Further details on this position can be obtained from the job posting, and the PDF file.
Feature Stories
Ph.D. Student, Zhenghang Zhao, has published his work in Nature Nanotechnology
MSE graduate student Jessica Rimsza won 1st prize in international conference.
Professor Young’s work with the Dallas Museum of Art featured on KERA
Previous grad student and Richland couple’s bond grows stronger through karateWhat are we to make of this horrendous story from North Korea?
North Koreans Reportedly Turn to Cannibalism Due to ‘Hidden Famine’.
Judging the veracity of these reports will be difficult. As the article notes, the North Korean government engages in isolationism and is notoriously secretive, especially when it comes to domestic matters. Even the flow of information amongst its own citizens is strictly controlled by the government, and it is almost always propagandist in nature.
Facing the direst of circumstances, it is possible that some villagers in famine stricken areas of North Korea might have turned to some form of cannibalism.
The sensationalist manner in which these incidents were purported to unfold is what raises the doubtful eyebrow. The husband exclaiming “we have meat”, and presenting his wife with a tray of her own children seems better fit for a Tales from the Crypt episode.
What I imagine is happening is that there are a few isolated cases of cannibalistic like acts, and that the stories have taken on a life of their own as they are disseminated to other villages.
Last year, Mark Crislip wrote an interesting piece for Science-Based Medicine on a different cannibalism story coming out of the Korean peninsula.
If you are interested in reading more on this story, the Australian has more in-depth coverage.
Reading that, I hope I can keep my Kung Pao Chicken down. It’s been a rough day.
If a wife can be “away on business” surely they are not starving, even if that business is running an errand.
Right!?
I guess this isn’t ‘meatless Monday’.
I’ve been hearing stories like this out of North Korea for the better part of 20 years. As far as I know none of them have ever been verified, and most are considered urban legends. So I’ll take this with a grain of salt.
Everything as it relates to North Korea has to be taken with a grain of salt
“Honey, I ate the kids!”
Sorry, but if nobody else was gonna make this crappy joke…
It’s moments like these, I wish they had the internet and we would “corrupt” them to start a revolution.Moon-Glo Drive-In
Burley Avenue and Moonglo Road,
Buhl,
ID
83316
Burley Avenue and Moonglo Road,Buhl, ID 83316
200 cars
1 person
favorited this theater
Harris-Voeller Theatres opened the 200-car Moon-Glo Drive-In on April 30, 1952 with Randolph Scott in “Caribou Trail.” The Jerome location was also owned by Harris-Voeller.
After the 1973 season the Moon-Glo Drive-In ad disappeared from the Twin Falls Times-News.
Contributed by Ron Pierce
Just login to your account and subscribe to this theater
Recent comments (view all 2 comments)
C.C. Voelle was the only owner listed in 1956,Ron.
Approx. address for this drive-in was 900 Moonglo Road.NEW HAVEN -- Go. Eat and drink. That's pretty much all you need to do to help raise money for a good cause Thursday, when Dining Out For Life returns to New Haven and 55 other cities.
Here's how it works. Twenty-eight restaurants in our area and 3,500 in North America will donate a good portion of their day's receipts to HIV and AIDS service organizations. Here, it is AIDS Project New Haven.
Except for a licensing fee, all money raised in this area -- restaurants in Branford, Hamden, New Haven, Orange and Milford -- goes to APNH.
"So all but $1,000 raised stays here," said APNH Executive Director Christopher Cole. "We haven't had a whole lot of luck recruiting restaurants outside of the New Haven area, but most of our services are in New Haven."
Cole said every restaurant has pledged to donate at least 25 percent of proceeds: Two have pledged 50 percent, and one, 168 York Street Cafe, will give 100 percent.
"It's a model that's a win-win for everyone," Cole said. "We're benefiting because we're raising money for our programs and services. And the restaurants are benefiting because we're bringing in new customers who hopefully have a great experience ... and then they'll come back."
Cole paused recently with other organizers at Cave a Vin, a comfy new wine bar at 975 State St. that is participating. Other restaurants include Christopher Martin's, also on State Street, Basta Trattoria and Claire's Corner Copia, both on Chapel Street, and Aunt Chilada's in Hamden.
"Ambassadors" for APNH will be at each participating restaurant and "invite all of their family and friends ... to come and dine at the restaurant."
Cole said that's it: You come and you dine, although you may see an envelope passed around for an optional donation.
"Money raised ... allows us to provide the services that we do. Funding on both the state and federal level has been reduced over the last several years. So, we have had to fill in those gaps because our clients' needs have continued to increase, especially with a diminishing economy. Most of our clients are living in poverty and with real barriers to access to care," Cole said.
He estimated there are about 2,600 people in New Haven with HIV. Many have jobs and health insurance.
"Most of our clients are folks who are living at or near the poverty level who are also dealing with ... mental health and substance abuse issues. So we're really working with those folks who are most in need ... to make sure they're getting that access to care."
AIDS remains a real threat, with nearly 7,500 new cases of HIV infection reported each day worldwide. Cole said agencies such as his have an important mission, in conjunction with the medical community.
"We know that if we can test folks, identify they have HIV, get people into care and on medications, HIV is not going to spread through the community. Unfortunately, a good 26 percent ... of people who learn they have HIV today in New Haven learn when they have the diagnosis of AIDS. They're learning because they're showing up in the emergency room, and they're really ill. And that's not the best time to learn that you have HIV.
"It's much easier to maintain health than to bring people back to health."
See for a full list of restaurants.
Joe Amarante is a Register general assignment reporter and columnist. Send email to jamarante@ctcentral.com. See his blog at javajoesjournaljive@blogspot.com. Follow him on Twitter at @joeammo. Find him on Facebook at Joe Ammo NH Register. To receive breaking news first, simply text the word nhnews to 22700. *Msg & Data Rates May Apply. Text HELP for help. Text STOP to cancel.PopTop SEO is mainly offered with the Package Levels where it depends upon the aggressiveness level of attracting the huge volume as well as website traffic quality. The best SEO give only by the SEO Company, where they will send the Questionnaire this is easier for people in order to start the service. In SEO, once the short Questionnaire is complete then it will get back on the railing, because in service, the consultants, and service also available this helps all one to complete the proper questionnaire as well as answer for the questions. When you get the reports by sending performance, then start use of POP where this on the monthly basis only this help to see the simple terms on how the SEO program and function is working as well as where the SEO is improving on over time.
With the SEO consultants, you can collect your answers from the expert one. Moreover, in SEO Service, the staff member gives the campaign this based on the current trends and business changes. The SEO analysis also offers by the pop, this will measure the performance of SEO. Generally, the best seo from pop will generate the comprehensive report according to the performance. Moreover, the report will build the sustained traffic and visibility to the websites.
Moreover, it also increases the quantity as well as the quality of your website traffic by using the proven methods and approaches for raise the popular SEO and rankings. If you want any information about POP TOP SEO service, then Visit here because it will offer more details. Now, most of the visitors are using the POP SEO to drive the search traffic, this helps to spend only less money for the paid search within this you can get more traffic with quality wine.
Yii is component based free open source php web application development framework for developing large scale web application with high performance; it can significantly accelerate the web application development process maximum they can be used as reusability framework, Yii framework used to develop any type of web application framework. web application development() this helps to create good looking websites easy to quick , manage Yii framework that supports web latest application development.
Yii framework has several features they are discussed below
Super fast
Strong code controlling
Fast in framework release
Top technologies
100% OOPS framework
The user management allow you to access the different level of features such as easy to find and analyze the anonymous visitor, authenticated user and moderator, this will enable your site to add more features.
Why Yii Frameworks?
Yii is MVC frameworks being efficient they are rich and clearly documented , The structure and framework are carefully designed for the web application development and services it is rich in web application development programming frameworks and applications. php development company provides you with Yii framework development
Requirements for the Frameworks:
To run the Yii framework web server PHP 5.1.0 required, it is pure object oriented programming (OOP) frameworks. Yii framework used to develop any type of web application framework.
Advantages of Yii:
Model-View-Controller (MVC) design pattern :
MVC design pattern is the wide technology adopted in the web programming and development
This architecture used to develop user interface and business logics without affecting other part, this Yii is designed with MVC architecture, they represent the communication between model and view
Model – represent the information and business rules
View – contain user interface such as text, form inputs
Automatic code generation :
Yii framework is built with web based code generation tool called Gii.
It supercedes the previous yii shell generation tool which runs on command line
Form input and validation :
Yii simplifies the form input and validation with MVC architecture.
populate the form with existing data or default values.
validate user input, display appropriate error messages and these are stored in persistent storage
Authentication and authorization :
Yii is built in authentication framework which is useful for customize user needs
By using the Yii::app()-> we can check the current user are logged in
By using CWebUser::isGuest we can check the current user are logged out
The user can perform specific operations by calling CWebUser::checkAccess this function
Security :
Cross-site Scripting Prevention :
Yii provide CHtmlPurifirer component for the developers for the HTML purifier
This component capable of removing malicious code and filtered.
Cross-site Request Forgery Prevention :
To prevent the CSRF(cross-site request forgery) GET method request is used to retrieve the data
For the ensure the server the POST method is used security and functional ease are provided by this robust server side application.
The Web Development Companies in India have surpassed in the field of PHP Website Development. Corporate Companies across the world are outsourcing their PHP Web Development Projects to the highly skilled Indian Php Web Developers so as to get more dynamic features added to their company websites.
The array of PHP Web Development Services provided by PHP Web Development India includes Development of Ecommerce Shopping Carts, Customized Web Development Application, Product Catalogs, Content Management System, ecommerce B2B B2C Web Portals Development, Payment Gateway, iPhone Application Development, Custom Php Application Development, Static and Dynamic Php MySql Websites Designing and Development kind of Website Development Services.
Over the years Web Design Agency India has been continuously improved which has made PHP more interactive and enable to create applications and websites which have been used at a large scale in today’s technological world. PHP is most compatible with HTML and is one of the most preferred languages accepted across the globe for development of Web applications. With demands increasing day by day and number of websites going live, a bit of research is needed to find a company providing best PHP Website Development Solutions.
Outsourcing PHP Projects Development to India is becoming popular because Offshore Web Developers have got an outstanding experience in Custom Web Development, PHP Website Design, PHP Web Programming and Designing. WeTheDevelopers.com is Leading Web Design Agency in India has been providing PHP Website Designing and Web Application Development Services to clients world wide.
Web Design Agency India has become synonym to Web Development Applications as a lot of Web Development Companies in India USA Canada UK Australia Africa Europe have been using PHP and MySql due to its lots of advantages over other web programming languages such as VB.NET, ASP.NET, Java etc.
With a state of the art Global Web Development Center in Saurashtra Capital Rajkot in Gujarat India and a highly qualified and professional Php Web Developers, Php Website Programmers, Php Web Designers team in WeTheDevelopers also known as has fruitfully delivered many Php Web Designing Website Development Projects to Corporate Clients in USA Canada Africa UK Australia Europe and in India as well.
PHP Web Development Costing Part – PHP is open source language, reducing not just the initial investment but also the execution, maintenance and debugging costs involved in the complete website development cycle throughout the Project. Consistency and Performance of PHP Web Development Php MySql Web Development is highly Reliable and effective for any complex Web Development Applications used for corporate companies. Support of PHP Web Development – The open source nature of the technologies language provides easy and cost effective support to Design and Develop Various Customized Web Development Applications. High Security of PHP Website Development – PHP which runs on Apache Web Server which is much healthier and secured as compared to other languages such as ASP.NET, JAVA, VB.NET which runs on IIS.
Talented and expert Web Developers India, enthusiastic website professionals, php website designers, expert PHP Web Development have brought out India in outsourcing PHP development market. Web Design Agency India use PHP MySQL for different types of dynamic web applications in order to modify handy module accessible source code of custom application or modifying as per their client requirements.
Main Benefits of PHP Projects Outsourcing to a Company with experience in PHP Web Development in India are cheaper development cost, lower Web Application Development time to carry multiple mysql databases using least amount of resources.
Thanks & Regards
WeTheDevelopers.com – Php Web Design Website Development Company in India
301-Golden Plaza, Tagore Road, Rajkot Gujarat India
Phone +91 281 662 6667 / +91 98257 65089
The financial perspectives may just cover the balanced scorecard excel template that covers the financial objectives of the organization can also allow the managers to track the financial success and the shareholder in the value..
PHP Zend framework is an open source software framework that came into existence in the year 2005. From than it has become the favorite choice among web developers. It is mainly using for creating big portals on real estate, social networking portals. Web designing companies are using it for the development of secure, scalable and dynamic web portals in a very short time of period. This is fastest framework used for different web development solution.
If you are a businessman and want to develop big portals or websites for the enhancement of your business then PHP Zend web development is the right and ultimate solution. There are so many reasons why one should prefer PHP Zend framework for the website or portal development. This framework requires lesser coding in the development of any websites or web portal, which makes development process very easy. With the help of this framework rich hybrid development is possible through inbuilt library. This framework is scalable and its scalability is required for the development of the business. Very low maintenance is required for PHP Zend web development. Rapid web development will save a huge amount of time and that time you can invest with your business.
Its flexible architecture adds charm to its quality that helps to build interactive web application with ease. PHP Zend framework supports the entire database like Oracle, SQLite, and MySQL etc. Whenever it needed more control over application design this framework is the ultimate choice of the developers.
PHP Zend framework is all set for the development of secure, scalable, and dynamic and superflxible web development solution, which will take your business to the new height. You just need to hire developers from good and reputed company, which provides PHP Zend web development.well, dont wouldnt say it in public, dont say it on a forum.While the secular media were busily interpreting the pope’s recent interview as a departure from church teaching in matters of sexuality and abortion, the pope last Friday was addressing Catholic gynecologists, to whom he delivered the following message: “Every unborn child, though unjustly condemned to be aborted, has the face of the Lord ... every old person, even if infirm and at the end of his days, carries with him the face of Christ. They must not be thrown away!"
The Catholic News Service story continues: “Quoting ‘Caritas in Veritate’ the social encyclical by Pope Benedict XVI, Pope Francis connected the protection of unborn life with the promotion of social justice.” The secular media are developing a narrative of an open new pope leaving behind the rigidities of his two predecessors.
The reporting tells us a lot more about the media than it does about the pope or the Catholic Church. Sometimes it seems that when a new document comes out from Rome, the mainstream press open it on their computers and use the search function for the words “abortion” and “homosexuality.”
And so in a 10,000-word article ranging widely through the pope’s life and ministry and containing interesting tidbits such as the fact that he uses a Latin breviary (book of daily prayer for the clergy), they find a few paragraphs where he talks about how the Church should deal pastorally in difficult situations.
In these paragraphs the pope is speaking in part about preaching and the Sacrament of Confession. From these paragraphs the press ripped a few lines out of context and spun a narrative of radical change. Yet the pope says within these very paragraphs that he is only saying what the Catechism says.
The media are obsessed with sexual freedom and desperate for a Church that would accede to the disasters of the sexual revolution and the brutality of abortion.
Pope Francis could not do so even if he wanted to. He does nothing of the sort in the recent interview.
What we are seeing is a classic case of the media promoting a narrative that suits pre-existing biases.
Having irresponsibly portrayed the gentle and scholarly Pope Benedict as “God’s Rottweiler,” they now promote an erroneous image of Pope Francis as a polar opposite. Obtuse as to the Christian proclamation of the forgiveness and mercy of God, they see Pope Francis’ vigorous proclamation of that message as if it were an endorsement of the things that need forgiving and necessitate divine mercy. Obsessed with sexual identity, they cannot comprehend the Church’s refusal to reduce a person to his or her sexuality. Determined to portray the pro-life movement as extremist, they look to find in the pope’s words a wisp of justification. They see the pope’s concern to contextualize volatile moral issues within the overall evangelical message of the Church as a downplaying of those issues.
To be sure, his methods are his own.
Rather than the careful teaching and precise language of his predecessors, he often resorts to gestures to proclaim the Gospel of life: the embrace of a severely disabled man in St. Peter’s Square or the blessing of an anencephalic baby in a Mass at World Youth Day in Rio. In this he brings to the Church and the world a fresh and marvelous testimony. He need not make the arguments against the culture of death and against the irrationality of so much of post-modernity in part because his predecessors did it so elegantly. But in no sense should his moral witness be played off against theirs. The interview (or, rather, that small part of it that the press has paid attention to) could not be clearer that he intends nothing of the sort.
It is, of course, standard journalistic technique to play up contrasts for the sake of a livelier story.
Moreover, religion in general and Catholicism in particular are complex phenomena that often require far more knowledge than is possessed by the reporters who cover the field. This case is no exception; indeed, it might prove to be the premier example of the problem.
Particularly off target was Sunday’s Associated Press story by Rachel Zoll in The News Journal in which she tried to situate the pope’s remarks in the context of America’s culture wars, the struggle against the HHS mandate, and the question of dissident politicians receiving communion.
It is often good to remember what the old folks told you: You can’t believe everything you read in the papers. In matters Catholic, that tends to be especially true.
The Rev. Leonard R. Klein is director of Pro-Life Activities for the Diocese of Wilmington.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsOMG, I haven't checked this thread in such a long time. The photos here just blow my eyes! I need to dust off my makro planar. You guys!!!! *shakes fists* (lol)
Two seascapes with ZE 21:
With the last of my ZE lenses now up for sale, I was reviewing images taken with them and got a bit nostalgic...thought I'd post two for old times sake.
I'm mostly a lurker who has gained so much from the work of the photographers on this forum. Sincere thanks to all the posters who have helped with my photo education and provided inspiration.
First with ZE 21, second with ZE 100 MP.
21ZE
Hiking in the Highlands by NoahWmR12, on Flickr
21mm ZE
Just picked up a copy, first shot.. 21 2.8 ZE
5C7A1303 (C) All Rights Reserved by Sett N trenZ, on Flickr
21 ZE
5C7A1253 (C) All Rights Reserved by Sett N trenZ, on Flickr
Zf 100, D700
Great image, cyra, I like those cascades of mountain shadows a lot, and your image really shines with all the different layers in it.
A few with 50/2 MP ZE. Still excited every time I get to use this at the moment, I've hardly touched my 35/1.4 yet b/c I would have to take the 50 off.
f/7.1
Untitled
f/3.2
Untitled
f/2.0
Untitled
this thread entice me to buy a zeiss lens, but which one?
I love the sample photo of 100mp, but too expensive, I will choose between 35/2, 50/1.4, 50/2. My budget now can get only one.
I had used C/Y zeiss 50/1.7 with my 6D with adapter , sold it because of manual aperture.
My current lens is 24-70L f4, 100L, 40mm pancake and 70-300L.
I would recommend 50f2. IQ is really good, it's close to 100MP IMHO. Or buy 35f2 if you shot 35mm a lot. However, it depends on your taste, actually I don't like my 50f1.4, its rendering style is too soft for my taste. I prefer the crispy style of the Makro-planar or distagon lenses.
100mm ZE
m.sommers00 wrote:
What program do you find works well for stitching? Great shots BTW.
I noticed you asked about stitching software. Well, for simple panos you only need photoshop. Photoshop can easily handle without stitching errors horizontal panoramas if you dont change focus between shots. For more complex stitching like this or this or this the are other software tools that can do the job but for the final image to be flawless you have to use a pano head (and calibrate it for your camera and lens setup) or try to rotate the camera on the same axis for each shot. Its a bit hard to do that hand held but the black and white image above was done this way. I tried various software like autodesk stitcher megapano etc but I always get back to hugin with emblend.
I dont know what to say about the 3 sisters shot It is simply amazing ^^
Ullf, love the craggy cliff shots prior page!
A few from the Coastal Maine Botanical Gardens with ZE 1.4/35.
Jim
Shark fins by Only_to_be_kind, on Flickr
Take the Hill by Only_to_be_kind, on Flickr
Isolation by Only_to_be_kind, on Flickr
Apart - BW by Only_to_be_kind, on Flickr
D700 + 135 ZF.2
Nagano Prefecture
21 ZE
5C7A1279 (C) All Rights Reserved by Sett N trenZ, on Flickr
100 ZE
thank you Ulff,
here is more from the mountains, Zf 35/2 D 700
Awesome shots of the whole page!!
Sony A7 + Zeiss Sonnar 50 1.5 ZM von Ronny Olsson ( Thank's for over 3 000 000 views ) auf Flickr
Sony A7 + Zeiss Sonnar 50 1.5 ZM von Ronny Olsson ( Thank's for over 3 000 000 views ) auf Flickr
Sony A7 + Zeiss Makro-Planar T* 100mm f/2 Vivitar Nikon AT-3/AI Extension Tube 12mm von Ronny Olsson ( Thank's for over 3 000 000 views ) auf FlickrPer Belfrage
Professor emeritus
Organisation
+46462227274
+46705186811
per [dot] belfrage [at] med [dot] lu [dot] se
Publikationer (hämtat ur Lunds universitets publikationsdatabas)
Författare
- 1998
- 1997
-
- 1995
-
- Gene organization and primary structure of human hormone-sensitive lipase: possible significance of a sequence homology with a lipase of Moraxella TA144, an antarctic bacterium
- Stimulation by insulin of a serine kinase in human platelets that phosphorylates and activates the cGMP-inhibited cAMP phosphodiesterase
- 1992
- 1980
- 1978
- 1977
- 1975
- 1973
- 1971
- 1970Alternate title: Dark Woods, Rovi2002 Chevrolet Corvette in Kennewick, WA
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll<<
2003 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 Used Cars in Kennewick, WA 99336
Good Deal
$1,681 BELOWInstant Market Value of $25,481
Price: $23,800
Mileage: 50,461
Location: Kennewick, WA 99336
Average time on market: 48 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: 6-Speed Manual Color: Millenium Yellow Description: Used 2003 Chevrolet Corvette Z06 for sale - $23,800, 50,461 miles with Leather Seats, Alloy Wheels
Avg. Dealer Rating: (9 reviews) "Purchased a very nice, low mileage Accord from Archibald's. My salesman was very patient and worked with me to the best of his ability. The finance department was able to get me financed with a very reasonable interest rate and great terms. The car is a very nice, quality used car. Overall pleasant car shopping experience at Archibald's. Other dealerships were not near as friendly or personable as the staff at Archibald's. I highly recommend Archibald's to anyone looking for a quality used vehicle. I will check with them first next time I am in the market for a quality used car."
2001 Chevrolet Corvette Convertible Used Cars in Yakima, WA 98901
Price: Negotiable
Mileage: 40,901
Location: Yakima, WA 98901
Average time on market: 27 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: 4-Speed Automatic Color: Yellow Description: Used 2001 Chevrolet Corvette Convertible for sale , 40,901 miles.Guest softness in order to provide more power and less stress on the arm. The Cyclone is also “gear-shaped” as opposed to the standard circular shape of the string, enabling it to provide more ball pocketing and added spin.
I strung up the Cyclone 16 gauge string in my Prince TT Warrior MP racquet at 56 lbs. I typically string my racquet in the high 50’s, but when stringing it up with a full bed of poly I drop the tension typically 2-3 lbs. As standard for a polyester string, it was a somewhat difficult task stringing it up. The added softness of the co-poly made it slightly easier to string than a standard poly, but the gear shape of the string also caused it to “burn” slightly as I pulled the crosses through when stringing.
The first impression I had when hitting with the Cyclone was the stiffness as well as the ball pocketing that I found. It had a really crisp, solid feel as I struck the ball, while still maintaining excellent control. Another characteristic that instantly stood out to me was the way the strings grabbed and pocketed the ball in the string bed at impact. While most polyester strings provide a dead and stiff feel off the string bed, with the Cyclone I could really feel the ball as it struck the strings, and upon release it had a tremendous amount of spin.
On groundstrokes and serves I was able to generate lots of power and spin, most likely due to the “gear shape” of the string and the added ball pocketing it felt like I was getting. Control was somewhat less than other polyesters, but the extra power and softer feel made the string more comfortable to play with than other polyesters.
At net Cyclone provided lots of bite to my volleys. I was able to really stick my volleys deep in the court, and was really impressed at how much I was able to feel the ball on the strings compared to other polyesters. My volleys also were knifing through the court with lots of underspin and bite.
Durability was slightly less than other polyesters that I have played with in the past. I am an open level player playing hard almost everyday, and the string broke in less than a week, which is longer than I get with my usual hybrid set up (2-3 days), but less than I would normally get out of a full bed of poly (1 ½-2 weeks). The string began to lose tension towards the end of its lifespan, about 5-6 days after stringing (fairly standard for a polyester).
All in all I really enjoyed playing with the Volkl Cyclone. I was impressed by the power and ball pocketing compared to other polyesters, as well as the slightly softer feel due to its co-polymer composition. In addition, at $5.95 a set the Cyclone is an excellent value string. In conclusion, I would highly recommend the Volkl Cyclone, and at $5.95 a set I would be hard pressed to find a better value for the money.That Went Well
Adventures in Caring for My Sister
By Terrell Harris Dougan
(Hyperion, Hardcover, 9781401323295, 224pp.)
Publication Date: January 2009.Readers Question: How does an increase in imports cause inflation in the economy?
If the quantity of imports increases, this will reduce domestic demand pull inflation (AD = C+I+G+X-M). So a rise in import spending, ceteris paribus, reduces consumer spending on domestic goods and so reduces domestic inflationary pressure.
However, often a rise in imports occurs because there is a rise in general spending, and the rise in imports reflects the inflationary pressure in the economy.
The other effect is that a rise in imports will ceteris paribus, cause a depreciation in the exchange rate. This is because domestic firms supply more pounds to be able to buy foreign imports. This rise in the supply of sterling causes a depreciation in the pound.
A depreciation in the exchange rate tends to increase inflationary pressure because:
- Imports become more expensive
- Exports and AD increase causing demand pull inflation
- firms may have less incentive to cut costs
It is one of those issues where it is impossible to say with certainty exactly what will happen. It depends which effect is bigger – reduction in AD or depreciation in exchange rate. Overall, I would imagine the impact on inflation of higher imports to be negligible.
It’s a bit like saying how does higher interest rates effect current account deficit?
- Higher interest rates increase exchange rate worsening current account
- But, on other hand, higher interest rates reduce consumer spending, reduce imports and improve the current account.
very useful, cleared up an ambiguous area in my textbook!
why increase the supply of sterling to buy foreign imports?Dr. Vivian Blevins And then
February 22, 2014
What happens when a soldier dies in combat? On June 2, 1969, one month short of his 21st birthday, Joseph Guy LaPointe Jr., a conscientious objector and a U.S. Army combat medic, was killed by an enemy grenade on Hill 376 in Quang Tin Province in the Republic of Vietnam. When his unit was attacked, he ran through automatic weapons fire to reach two wounded men at the head of his patrol. LaPointe continued to treat them even after he was shot twice, and he shielded them with his body. In January of 1972 he was posthumously given the Congressional Medal of Honor for “gallantry and selflessness.”
LaPointe was also awarded the following: Silver Star, Bronze Star, Army Commendation Medal, Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Medal with one star, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross, Combat Medical Badge and Combat Infantry Badge.
This Miami Valley of Ohio hero has several military installations named in his honor: a health clinic at Fort Campbell (Ky.), a medical heliport at Fort Benning (Ga.), and an Army Reserve Center (Ohio). Those traveling on Route 49 in Montgomery County (Ohio) may note the Joseph G LaPointe Memorial Highway.
Those are the fact. Is there more? What about the grieving father? The widow? The son he never held? And how do I as a teacher of modern American literature introduce my students to the voices of those who opt to write about war as well as those directly impacted?
As I flip through LaPointe’s “Individual Deceased Personnel File,” provided me by his widow, Cindy, I begin to learn more than is revealed in the LaPointe Wikipedia article. A June 24, 1969, letter to the “Adjutant General” Casualty Branch Depart of the Army from LaPointe’s father seeks answers: “Was he separate from his platoon? Where exactly was the hostile force encountered? What were his wounds? Were there any witnesses? Who identified the body?”
I continue to examine pages and think of Vietnam veteran Tim O’Brien’s award-winning book The Things They Carried, and I scan LaPointe’s “Record of Personal Property: Combat Areas” to note his list: a class ring, a warranty for a Norelco razor, a light meter and film, retaining bands for the braces on his teeth, and a smoking jacket with tie. To the astute reader this is so revealing: he still carried fondness for Northridge High School; he’ll never need to use the lifetime warranty on his razor; he planned to film this adventure; he was a kid having his teeth straightened; and he aspired to be a man and wear a fancy jacket. Did the New Testament he carried provide him comfort? Were the “dirty and stained PFC stripes” which were destroyed as worthless worth the war?
Vietnam veterans have radically different points of view about the war as is the case with all wars, of those who fight and those who observe. I have an obligation to my students to provide them with opportunities to make their own decisions; therefore, LaPointe’s widow, his son, and retired Master Sergeant Ken Williamson (whose duty was to report the deaths of soldiers to their families) will be in my classes on Tuesday, sharing their stories. I hope this becomes a memorable experience for my young students, another building block as they work to continue their educational process.
Send comments or suggestions to: vbblevins@woh.rr.com....
- APR Matters on Payday Loans
Published: Jun 23 2009 Issue: Payday Loans
CRL explores the payday lending industry’s attempt to deny the importance of the APR, or annual percentage rate of interest, in disclosing the cost of their 400 percent interest product,.
- Wealth-stripping payday loans trouble communities of color
Published: Oct 2 2008 Issue: Payday Loans
An examination of payday lending storefront locations in Maricopa and Pima Counties—in which over three-quarters of Arizona payday lenders are located—reveals a pattern of these stores clustering...
- High-Cost Payday Lending Traps Arizona Borrowers
Published: Sep 16 2008 Issue: Payday Loans
CRL looks at payday lending in Arizona, where $149 million per year are stripped from working families in unfair payday lending fees.
- Ohio Payday Hearing
Published: May 7 2008 Issue: Payday Loans
Testimony of Uriah King, Center for Responsible Lending before the Ohio Senate Finance and Financial Institutions Committee
- Comment: Implementation of Military Lending Amendment
Published: Feb 26 2008 Issue: Car Title Loans, Credit Cards, Mortgage Lending, Overdraft Loans, Payday Loans, Refund Anticipation Loans
Comments on Implementation of Limitations on Terms of Consumer Credit Extended to Service Members and Dependents
- Springing the Debt Trap-Exec Summary
Published: Dec 13 2007 Issue: Payday Loans
Executive summary of Springing the Debt Trap - outlines what reforms states have tried, documents that none have worked except for the 36% rate cap.
- Springing the Debt Trap
Published: Dec 13 2007 Issue: Payday Loans
CRL analysis of states that have tried to reform payday lending, finding that only the 36% rate cap has worked.
-...
- The Payment Plan Smokescreen
Published: Jun 4 2007 Issue: Payday Loans
Facing increasing scrutiny of the problems caused by payday lending, the industry trade group recently announced a new public relations campaign that claims to address the problem of loan flipping...
- Foreclosure, Predatory Mortgage and Payday Lending
Published: Mar 21 2007 Issue: Mortgage Lending, Payday Loans
Testimony discusses development of subprime market, inequities and foreclosures having a devastating effect in areas including urban areas with high concentrations of minorities
-.A hairstyle that is easy to care for and keeps the hair off your face is this chic ponytail style. For Maria Bello, all of her hair has been brushed back into this ponytail leaving her with a clean appearance.This haircut is long.The hair colouring is medium blonde.
Credits
Pictures provided by RetnaI really wanted to title this post fancy-pants homemade cheez-its … but then I thought that would make me seem a little weird. So I held myself back. But really, that’s what I think these rosemary and gruyere crisps are when you stop and think about it. A grown-up version, if you will, of those famous crackers.
So you can feel fancy and special and enjoy these with some wine and maybe a little additional cheese or fruit or nuts? Yes yes and yes. That’s exactly what we did on Thanksgiving this year.
Oh right, did I forget to mention that I made these several times during the holiday season and planned to share them with you in December? Fail. I don’t even know what happened until I realized I had the pictures and recipe ready to go on my computer but somehow managed to never post them on the blog. Hmm, epic fail since these little babies were perfect for holiday parties.
So maybe make them for the big football game coming up this weekend? I’m not a big beer person so I would happily eat a handful … or two or three … of these with some wine.
Buttery, super cheesy and herby crackers. Can’t say those wouldn’t be perfect anytime of the year.
- 6 ounces gruyere cheese, shredded
- 4 tablespoons unsalted butter, cut into pieces
- ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
- ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons white whole wheat flour
- 1 teaspoon minced fresh rosemary
- ¼ teaspoon sea salt, plus more for sprinkling
- 2 tablespoons water
- Add the cheese, butter, all-purpose flour, whole wheat flour, rosemary and salt to the bowl of a food processor. Pulse until the mixture resembles even-sized crumbs. Add in the water and pulse until the dough starts to clump together (it will be on the drier side but should come together if you try to form it into a ball - add water a teeny amount at a time if it doesn’t). Dump the dough onto a piece of plastic wrap. Form into a ball and then flatten slightly into a thick square. Wrap with the plastic wrap and refrigerate for about 20 minutes.
- Meanwhile, preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside.
- On a well-floured surface, roll out the dough to about ⅛ inch in thickness. Use a pizza cutter to cut the dough into 1-inch squares. Transfer the squares to the prepared baking sheet. Prick each square once in the center (the small end of a chopstick works really well). Use your finger to dab each square lightly with water and then sprinkle with additional sea salt.
- Bake for 12 to 16 minutes, until lightly browned and crispy. Place the baking sheet on a wire rack to cool. Store for up to 2 days in an airtight container at room temperature.
Source:
Adapted from The Smitten Kitchen Cookbook.
Ah! I adore gruyere and rosemary together. I make breadsticks with that combination and they are just to die for. I’ve glanced at this Smitten Kitchen recipe many times… I’m sure these are totally delicious!
They’re really good! You should definitely try it sometime!
These would be super tasty. Crunchy and cheesy, that’s hard to top. I’m not a beer drinker myself, but these crackers would be great with even just a glass of water
Fancy cheez its? With Gruyere? Count me in! I’ll take the biggest bowl of them possible.
These crisps sound very addictive. Love the rosemary pairing.
what an awesome recipe! these look perfect for any party
I definitely wouldn’t be able to stop snacking on these! Gruyere and rosemary are one of my favorite flavor combinations!
This snack is amazing. I would just lay in bed with a big bowl of these and read a book, sounds like a perfect night.
I love your fun name for these. It’s catchy! Of course, I would also love these crisps. I’m sure they’re waaaaay better than Cheez-Its.
This crisps would be so dangerous around me. Yum!
Delicious! Love flavouring with rosemary- have an abundance in my house all year round! Definitely need to try these soon
Love Gruyere cheese! Just saw a piccie for something similar on Pinterest so this really drew my attention. Now all I need is an event like the super bowl to make them for! I have to admit I’m feeling a bit envious of you all over there today enjoying this event!
I’ve never made homemade crackers but I really love this idea! A little jazzed-up version of an appetizer that everyone loves. Funny that the recipe got lost in the hustle and bustle of xmas…I think I have the opposite problem. 😉
I wish you would have titled this fancy-pants homemade cheez-its! What a funny and perfect title, and it describes these so well! They look amazing, what a great flavor combo!
Rosemary and gruyere are totally fancy-pants ingredients, so I understand your alternative title. It wouldn’t stop me from eating the whole batch in one sitting, though.
Fancy-pants cheez it crackers sound fabulous! Actually, it is a word I’d use all the time if I happen to talk English at home haha. Love it!
These babies look utterly amazing! They’d totally be awesome with some grapes and cheese *and by some I mean “tons of”*. I need to try these so badly!
Have a wonderful weekend!
Haha love these fancy pants cheese-its! The rosemary sounds perfect with the gruyere cheese – so good but so dangerous – oh man I don’t think I would be able to stop snacking on these once I start – the happy handful would turn into the whole batch lol.
I can only imagine how good and addictive these are! Pinned!
I love the sound and the flavor of these crisps. They would go fast around here. Thanks
ela
I have never made ‘cheesy’ biscuits before but this rosemary and gruyere combination sound very gourmet!! Looking this good, they would last 2 seconds flat in our house! 😉 Enjoy the weekend.
I love crunchy snacks and can definitely see myself munching on a handful (or two, or three) of these! The rosemary and gruyere combination sounds perfect.
Fancy cheez-it is exactly what I was thinking too!! Love rosemary in absolutely anything.!
You’re not weird at all! I say fancy-pants all the time. Actually, Brandon called one of his coworkers that one day when he came in looking dressy and he got all confused. He’s from Norway so he didn’t pick up on the joke and was like, “Fancy…pants…what is….what is fancy pants?” Now that’s all I think of when I hear that word, haha.
Anyway, these look unbelievable. I’m kind of mad at you for holding out on these for so long. 😉
Brandon’s favorite snack is Cheez Its so I’m pretty sure he would go crazy over these!!
OMG that story is amazing.
I love that these are fancy Cheez-Its! Regular Cheez-Its are probably one of my favorite snacks. We go through the little bags of them at my house like nobody’s business. I’ve always wanted to make the homemade version, and I love that you switched up the flavors here. They look totally addicting!
When I make these, I’m totally telling people that they are fancy-pants homemade cheez-its .
haha yesssss
Nothing wierd at all bout a post titled ” fancy-pants homemade cheez-its” ! I really like the sound of these ” fancy-pants homemade cheez-its” – my daughter and I were just talking about making some homemade crackers and these would be ideal!
Oh yum! I can practically taste these addicting morsels! I made DIY cheez-its once but they really looked like cheez-its, not your lovely grown-up version. I love the sound of the herbs and gruyere.
I have my “long lost” posts too. Where does the time go? Like you said, these fancy crisps ( 😉 ) are perfect any time of the year! They look delcious and I could see myself eating all of them…in one sitting.
I had to stop my husband from doing just that – they’re so little and pop-able that you just blow right through them! haha
These sound like the Parmesan crackers we made at school last week, which I immediately dubbed homemade cheez-its. They were so buttery and flakey, and we enjoyed them with wine on our picnic field trip. These sound delicious with the rosemary, definitely making them grown up! Haves great super bowl weekend, Ashley!
Ooooh, yummy! I’ve never tried making homemade crackers before. They seem super easy and rosemary and gruyere sounds like a wonderful combination!
These crackers are definitely perfect anytime of year!
I love the alternate title – fancy pants homemade Cheez-its haha! Love this and I LOVE cheez-its. I’ve never actually made my own, but have always wanted to try!
You should definitely try! They’re pretty simple – but we go through them wayyyy too fast!
I love homemade snacks! These look amazing – I can see the cheesiness with the rosemary. Yum!
You should totally, absolutely, 100% rename this post “fancy-pants homemade cheez-its”! Hahaha that literally made me laugh. And I’m so with you on forgetting to post photos and recipes from months ago! I’m guilty of that as well!
Love the rosemary gruyere combo in these! So perfect to complete a kick-butt cheese and charcuterie board!
haha I’m glad someone else gets my humor! lol
Rosemary and Gruyere….absolutely divine, Ashley.
Love this fancier version of cheez-its! Rosemary is one of my absolute favorite herbs and when paired with gruyere makes for the perfect combo!
xo, ElisaHer new album "Blown Away" is getting released in Australia 4 May, preview here:
Listening to it now, I've liked every song so far
Love her, she's finally coming to the Uk in June.
I found the girl inside of me that I've been missing for so long.
I told her that I'd never leave...
^ Again. Brief promo tour last year got me onto her.
Edited by Memories, 10 May 2012 - 08:07 AM.
"Hearts that don't love can't be broken..."
Edited by Memories, 11 May 2012 - 12:46 PM.
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersMASON -- Ingham County Register of Deeds Curtis Hertel Jr. and Lansing City Clerk Chris Swope announced on Tuesday a campaign to ensure equal property rights protections for gay couples in Michigan.
Swope, one of Michigan's only openly gay elected officials, filed his marriage certificate and affidavit Tuesday afternoon at Hertel's office, launching an effort to provide same-sex couples the same protections traditional couples have in the event of a tragedy.
Hertel and Swope both called on Michigan's courts to recognize the documents "in the name of fairness."
"There is no excuse not to provide the same protections for same-sex couples as straight couples," Hertel said. "After a tragedy, the last thing a partner in a relationship should have to worry about is losing the home they've shared with their loved one for years.
"It's shameful, and it's time to take action."
In Michigan, a person is not legally entitled to bereavement leave from work or to inherit shared assets and property, in absence of a will, if he or she is not married to their partner. Swope, who has lived in a home with his husband for years, said he wants and deserves those same protections.
"My husband and I were legally married in Canada nine years ago, and we should have the same rights as everybody else," he said. "It's sad to think that even though we have shared a life together for 15 years, we're still not recognized in the eyes of the law and have no property rights according to current regulations.
"We're demanding change."
Ingham County Clerk Barb Byrum also endorsed Swope's and Hertel's effort.
"I encourage property rights protections for all Michigan residents regardless of their sexual orientation," she said. "Requiring married same-sex couples to jump through additional legal hoops in order to have the same rights as straight married couples is unacceptable."
Follow Brandon Howell on Google+ and on Twitter: @BSHowell88. Email him at brhowell@mlive.com or call him at 517-318-1615. Follow MLive Lansing on Facebook and Twitter.Vitamin D is made in large quantities by the human body when certain wavelengths light penetrate the skin. Traditional sunscreens and products with SPF factors, however, have been shown in studies to seriously impair the cutaneous production of vitamin D.
Problem Number 1: An alarmingly high percentage of people in Australia, Canada, European Union, Japan, New Zealand and the United States suffer from vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency.
The problem is a result of living indoors, behind glass and wearing long clothing. Before buildings and an indoor lifestyle became commonplace, humans got the vast majority of their vitamin D by exposure to sunshine. To compound matters the only chance many working people and students get to make vitamin D in their skin is during their outdoor weekend activities – but this is just the time when they impair their skin’s ability to make vitamin D by coating it with traditional sunscreens and products with SPF factors.
Problem Number 2: Dermatologists often warn of the danger of harmful rays of light penetrating the skin, with wrinkles, photo-aging and skin cancers resulting from excessive exposure.
The solution: Reducing the harmful rays of the sun, but allowing the body to synthesize the vitamin D with Exposure Scientific's RadianD.
Thank you very much for your interest in the world of open water swimming.
The Staff of the World Open Water Swimming AssociationMSID India
This unique program allows you to explore the real world of international development in India, cradle of one of the oldest and most influential civilizations on earth and an astoundingly complex nation.
Academics
- Gain hands-on experience by participating in a community internship.
- Take Hindi language classes.
- Program type:
MSID India is an experiential program. Learn about India 4 credits for optional pre-session for fall and academic year.
Faculty
Dr. Rima Hooja, an archeologist and historian, directs the program. Dr. Rakshat Hooja assists with program coordination, and Indian faculty provide all instruction.
How to Apply
Click the button below to visit this program's web page for more information about the application process for this program.
Apply Now!
About This Program Bangalore. 4 undergraduate credits. Beginning through advanced Hindi courses (first through fourth semester) are offered. The syllabus focuses on language skill development and daily oral practice. Housing is.
About Learning Abroad Center..
A variety of program options--300 programs in over 70 countries--have been developed to address the diverse needs of students. Programs vary in length, level, academic focus, teaching format, language requirements, cost, and degree of independence demanded of the participant.
petfood.com > Dog Food > Raw Dog Food > Item # 400727
Smokehouse USA Prime Turkey Breast Dog Treat
Now: $11.49
Zukes Jerky Naturals
Starting at: $6.49
Ranch Rewards Organic Jerky Dog Treats
Starting at: $9.29
Primal Frozen Raw Sardine Grind Pet Food
Now: $18.44 turkey diet is made with fresh turkey, allowing for superior levels of amino and essential fatty acids. Finely ground, fresh turkey bones add optimum levels of calcium. Organic produce provides food-derived vitamins A, B-complex, C and D. Whole cold-water sardines and organic coconut oil are a great source of fatty acids.
Features:
Item Specifications:
Flavor:
Turkey and Sardine
Size:
3lb
Guaranteed Analysis:
Crude Protein: min 16.0%
Crude Fat: min 7.0%
Crude Fiber: max 1.0%
Moisture: max 72.0%.
Calories: 42 per oz
SmartSticks Dog Chews
Starting from: $9.99
SmartChips Dog Chews 12 Pack
Starting at: $8.99
Blue Buffalo Wilderness Chicken Dry Dog Food
Starting from: $36.79
Primal Freeze Dried Turkey Nugget Dog Food
Now: $27.95
Newmans Own Organic Advance Dry Dog Food
Starting from: $36.49
Tropiclean Fresh Breath Water Additive for Pets
Now: $7.49
Health Bone Mixed Berry Bone Chew Dog Treat
Starting from: $12.99
SmartBones Dental Dog Chew
Starting from: $10.49
AKC Hip and Joint All Natural Dog Treat
Now: $3.99
KONG Squeezz Ball Dog Toy
Starting at: $3.49
Simple Solution Eco Care Puppy Training Pads
Starting at: $5.99
Tomlyn Earoxide Pet Ear Cleaner
Mendota Trainer Dog Check Cord.From ANC1C representing Adams Morgan:
ABC and Public Safety Committee
Wednesday, February 13, 7:00 PM
Kalorama Recreation Center, 1875 Columbia Road NW
Adams Morgan Moratorium. The Committee will continue discussion of the Adams Morgan Moratorium on alcohol licenses. The current Moratorium will expire early in 2014 and the Commission will need to let the ABC Board know how the community would like to proceed by fall of 2013. The Committee will endeavor to establish a schedule over which the discussion will continue, and to identify the topics that are likely to be considered along the way. The Committee will not vote concerning the substance of the Moratorium itself at this time.
While debate has once again started again around a proposed U street liquor license moratorium – I’m wondering what folks think of the one currently in place in Adams Morgan. Do you think it has worked in diversifying retail and adding daytime vitality to the neighborhood? Do you think it should expire in 2014?
Moratoriums just drives the price higher in that market (I’m looking at you, Mayor Gray, with your “affordable housing” proposal). MORE SUPPLY IS NEEDED in any market. Restaurants, bars, housing, grocery stores, anything. We need to remove these limits so that people who own or want to own businesses can open them and allow competition to drive the prices down. Everything in this city seems to get more expensive by the month it seems like.
To get back on topic, there are many more places to go to bars now than Adams Morgan than there used to be. Lift it and see what happens. Maybe there will be more restaurants too.
How is more supply needed in any market? That doesn’t make sense. If there were seven bowling alleys next to each other, wouldn’t that be too much supply?
If there were 7 bowling alleys in a row they would compete against each other for our business and the ones that were bad at running a business or offered an inferior product would fail. We don’t need the city to hold down supply artificially; that hurts consumers and potential new entrants and helps existing businesses.
isn’t Bedrock Billiards still open on Columbia Road?
“they would compete against each other for our business and the ones that were bad at running a business or offered an inferior product would fail.”
So after all that we’d be back at square one?
It would be nice if DC had any bowling alleys. The only one I know of is the “club/bowling alley” at Gallery Place.
there are a few inside the beltway.
Yeah, but not everything inside the beltway is DC. With the amount of people playing kickball, softball, bocce and what not I bet you would have no problem filling a standard AMF style establishment in NW or theH Street area with leagues every night. Somewhere people could easily get to after work and take public transit home from after having a couple drinks.
I remember hearing the bowling alley at Fort Meyer is decently priced.
That’s all true, but the combination of residents wanting fewer bad externalities related to bars (puking, fighting, yelling) and current bar owners wanting to protect their “monopoly” is what drives these moratoriums. No politician in their right mind would say no to these voters and taxpayers.
A further point, commentators who pray to their economics textbook every night (not a dig at all) tend to favor no moraritoriums on bars and more condos because there’s a demand out there for them and the city should satisfy it. But, rule number one of economics is people are selfish. I love the city and I want to maximize my enjoyment of it. Selfishly, building condos/more bars does nothing for me (My rent is solid and I have my favorite dozen or so establishments). Affordable housing I’d selfishly be in favor of, to a point. (When I fell in love with the city, affordable housing was part of its core and I don’t want to risk my love of the city by changing that. And selfishly, I want people of all classes to enjoy the city and I value protecting our own.)
Please refrain from telling me how to maximize my own enjoyment and my city’s potential.
PoP announced a few days ago that a bowling alley will be opening in the newly renovated mall in Georgetown. But I’m sure it will be just as overpriced as the Gallery Place alleys (which suck, IMO.)
I really dislike “upscale” urban bowling alleys. I like smelly shoes, worn wood floors, bad polyester clothing, and the stains of 50 years of cigarette smoke. Along with cheap, flat beer.
I prefer upscale bowling alleys with waitresses in scantily clad attire myself. It is pretty expensive though, I will grant you that.
Where’s is the Affordable Drinking movement!
Adams Morgan is a pretty competitive drinks environment already, I couldn’t imagine ending the moratorium would reduce the price of a beer all that much.
me either, i was just playin.
This moratorium hasn’t slowed down the epic Angry Inch saga. If keeping the moratorium helps that show keep rolling, then I’m all for it staying.
what purpose does the moratorium serve? Adams Morgan is wall to wall bars or restaurants that serve alcohol – what difference will it make if there are a few more businesses along the strip that have that ability?
IMHO, Duplex Diner is the friendliest of all the drink mills in Adams Morgan….
I could not disagree more. Where I am from we have a very, very tight rein on alcohol consumption and we don’t have a lot of loose moral behaviour
so if we took away all the liquor licenses in the city, it would be crime free and full of moral upstanding citizens?
if you say so…
Actually that’s not what he said. At all.
lol @ loose moral behavior, did we suddenly get transplanted to 1950?
Guessing from the spelling that you are Canadian?
Yeah but Saudi Arabia doesn’t count.
This is a moot point, Look at all the empty restaurants and clubs and the many available licenses in Adams Morgan. The over-concentration of bars and the resulting low-brow chaotic nightlife burned itself out. The streetscape exasperated the decline as other neighborhoods developed more appealing nightlife scenes (U street, 14th Street and H Street NE).
AM Observer “Low Brow Chaotic Nightlife”…I couldn’t have said it better.
If someone can put forth an actual, legitimate reason (backed by local data of course) why AM should lift it, then lets see it. Everytime I ask the question, I get a host of young 20 something knee jerk “’cause more bars are better!” response.
Anyone who pays attention to the news on the weekend, or happens to be in AM Friday/Saturday/Sunday knows it is nothing more than a “hot mess”. that overflows onto the residential areas around it. Trash, vomit, vandalism is rampant in that neighborhood and got worse through the 90’s as more and more liquor licenses were granted.
Fun fact, there are more MPD assigned to AM per sq/block Friday and Saturday night than any other regular detail in the city. There are 3 or 4 cruisers, half a dozen bike cops and another handful walking the 3 block stretch and it is STILL an embarrasing mess, and you want to let them add more?
To add insult to injury AM is practically a ghost town any other time of the week. The wall to wall college bars leaves practically no real options for dining or retail.
Well I WOULD love to have a beer to complement my falafel.
On point as usual, Joker. There is no good reason to lift the moratorium. Non-residents who want more bars in Adams Morgan can avoid the unpleasant externalities, making their opinions rather irrelevant. The neighborhood needs more retail and good restaurants – a better balance. Not more bars.
So… people who moved into areas with high crime arent allowed to complain about the crime,but people who moved into an area with a bunch of bars are allowed to complain about the drunks?
I just realized that I might have misunderstood your comment as well. I agree with Joker because I don’t see the need to aggravate Adams Morgan’s problems (if that’s possible). As for your desire to not interfere in the housing market, I generally agree.
The problem is that the moratorium applies to restaurants as well and it’s very difficult for a new restaurant to make money without being able to serve alcohol.
So, just to clarify, tampering with the housing market is unreasonable but tampering with the beer market is not?
I think that after all reasonable safety and health issues are accounted for, people should be able to do WHATEVER it is they want to do with their own property.
And this is why we have democracy
You answered your own question – AdMo has mecome the DC version of a wholesale liquor operation. It costs a ton of money to get the liquor license and open anything up. The only way to make that money back is to herd the sheep into the bar, feed them cheap liquor and keep the cycle going. If you removed the moratorium then the market would deflate, allowing more bars that can break even with lower margins. I don’t need to show you an economics thesis on Adams Morgan to prove that overregulated markets create artificial price floors. You set the bar too high.
Oh, and I believe that most of the MPD assigned to Adams Morgan are off-duty hired to manage the shitshow. But I might be wrong. And regardless, if that is where they are needed and people are paying (bars+taxes) for the privelege then make it a safe environment.
And on a closing note, I friggin hate Adams Morgan. It is a horrible, trashy, scummy place on the nights I want to go out there. But I definitely support lifting the moratorium as I firmly believe it will achieve what we want it to. Adams Morgan didn’t always look like this – it became this after the moratorium.
I cannot speel nor tyep this morning, clearly. Time for another coffee.
You are not correct.
It really isn’t that bad these days. I’d say the U St. area is more of a s-show on Friday and Saturday nights than AM now. And the mess you describe, I’ve hardly seen it, although I concede I generally am only between 18th and 15th streets. I don’t know what it looks like from 18th westerward to the Metro on Friday and Saturday nights.
And while AM is pretty quiet on weekdays, there is a good amount of foot traffic on weekends (during daylight hours). But that could describe a lot of parts of DC…
agreed. U Street is awful and I don’t know why so many people are reluctant to acknowledge this. I liked hanging out there 5 years ago, but now it’s a mess and you take your life into your own hands crossing the street anywhere from 14th to 8th.
Yes, U Street is the new Adams Morgan so as big of a proponent of free markets as I am, I think things have worked out quite well for AM.
“The wall to wall college bars leaves practically no real options for dining or retail.”
You mean there is no room for good restaurants like Mintwood Place, Grill from Ipanema, Southern Hospitality, Perry’s, Cashions, Jack Rose, Taan Noodles, Smoke & Barrel.
Yep, no options for good dinning at all.
Or Sakuramen or Amsterdam falafel. Hell, even Mellow Mushroom. Man Adams Morgan is such a food wasteland.
Sorry Joker, but the Adams Morgan you’re describing sounds a bit dated (although yes, it still does not have much retail).
meh, actually the only good place you mentioned is jack rose. the others are has-beens or are incredibly overrated (mintwood, I’m looking at you. only reason you still exist is b/c the post food guy is your bff.)
Mintwood Place is fantastic.
man, I’m just continually surprised that I managed to have 2 of the worst and overpriced meals of my life there but everyone else seems to love it. can’t bring myself to try again, though.
My experience did not match yours. Our food and drinks were fine but not amazing. The pie was stellar. And for the price, it was not worth it.
+1, although I haven’t gotten the chance to try Taan or Jack Rose yet. The rest are okay but certainly nothing special.
Wow, so you name 8 places in the entire area, 4 or 5 of which are pretty mediocre and don’t count any higher on anyones list than a McDonalds.
You might as well have counted the 4 or 5 jumbo slice pizza places in a 3 block area too.
Even if the 8 places were legit average quality places, you are still confronted with 85 addition bars in the same zone.
Anyone who has lived here longer than the recession or has actually lived in AM (me), knows it is a complete and utter s-show.
And U street, with their 107 bars in a 1800′ radius (an area where you start in the center and walk any direction for 2 and a half minutes and you’ve reached the boundary) is at the threshold of being just as bad.
I know its awesome for the “IMBY’s, (the new self appointed head IMBY of the District who doesn’t even live in U Street and doesn’t have to deal with the mess), but it isn’t awesome for anyone else.
Joker, have you drank the kool aid or what? I live smack in the middle of the so-called Shaw Dupont Citizens Alliance’s ground zero and the “107 liquor licenses” number that they’re throwing around on their ridiculous moratorium proposal is hogwash. Have you actually looked at who they include on the list 107? Source Theatre? Lincoln Theatre? Cork Market? Yes! Market? U Street Wine & Beer? The Whitelaw Market? Hell, I have beer in my refrigerator, so why don’t they include my house too?
Joker, you seem to be conflating a decent dining experience with your personal tastes. I didn’t say Cashions or Smoke & Barrel are Michelin rated. But they serve food that is far superior to McDonalds. Your hyperbole doesn’t prove your point, it just turns people off to your tough-guy internet schtick. Claiming that current state of liquor licenses has prevent any acceptable dining from thriving in AM is blatantly wrong. It’s improved by leaps and bounds in the past 4 years.
Your NIMBYism is hardly more productive than anyone else’s IMBYism.
“……..1800′ radius (an area where you start in the center and walk any direction for 2 and a half minutes and you’ve reached the boundary)”
The 400 meter world record is 45 secs or so. If you can cover 600 meters in 150 secs, drunk, eating a jumbo slice, dodging pedestrians and traffic then you should give the USOC a call.
The moratorium should be lifted so that the vacant properties can have an opportunity to be rented by boutique restaurants with good food, who want to offer a drink to accompany it. The old bars aren’t leaving, so no one new can come in to add a great culinary concept… unless they can get a liquor license. Which they can’t, with a moratorium. Retail can’t afford the rents. So the properties sit vacant.
To many bars in DC, don’t get me wrong, I’m happy for the influx of business, but we need coffee shops and arcades, clothing stores, book stores and stuff to do that doesn’t involve alcohol. I’m all for lifting the moratorium, but Adams Morgan turns over businesses regularly because it’s so geared towards nightlife. Now that they’ve pretty much killed all the parking along 18th street, it needs to be an all-around destination with more variety of things to do more than just bar hopping.
On that note – how do we not already have an arcade in the city?!
We do.
Where?
H st.
That H Street arcade sucks. Like, it’s really quite terrible. Nice people who own it, though.
If I lived there I’d want to keep the moratorium. But I don’t, so I don’t care.
It’s all about balance – something Adams Morgan clearly lacks. The market regularly speaks in the form of bar/restaurant closings, so it seems to me that the moratorium is no longer needed. What’s needed is some kind of incentive to add retail that makes the neighborhood vibrant beyond the weekend rush. Successful bars are profitable enough in Adams Morgan that they can push out this balancing retail, but they would be even more successful if they had other non-bar neighbors to make the area more attractive as a neighborhood.
The same problem exists on U St and H St – DC needs to find a way to tamp down over-concentration of bars/restaurants and maintain retail variety without dampening competition. There are no easy solutions, it seems.
Lift the moratorium. By keeping the moratorium, you artificially inflate the value of the liquor licenses. Which, when a piece of property turns over to a new owner or lessee, disincentivizes the entrepreneur from installing another type of business in that space. He’s paying a premium for that space because of the liquor license attached to it, so he needs to make a profit as quickly as possible. Hence the lack of retail diversity in AdMo.
Zero-Sum,
It is when folks like yourself say things like “Hence the lack of retail diversity in AdMo.”, it just proves to everyone that you just got here and have no idea what you are talking about.
The AM moratorium is what…13 years old?. I don’t remember any more “retail diversity” in AM before then, than there is now.
AM was a mess before, and it is less of a mess now than it would have been had the college kids had their way and no moratorium been passed.
13 years ago I was not in DC.
However, let’s go back 15 years, prior to the moratorium. What was the state of Adams Morgan back then? Were there $1 million condos one block away? How about $3 million townhouses? What was the economic picture of the area?
My point is that you’re comparing apples and oranges. I’d wager that Adams Morgan pre-moratorium didn’t have the pent up consumer demand that the Adams Morgan of today currently has. A lot of upper-income individuals have moved into AdMo in the last 15 years that could now support thriving, more diverse retail options.
The license moratorium just serves to push up commercial space prices even higher in an area that is already really expensive. Letting the ban lapse would help bring down the commercial real estate prices and allow more flexibility for mixed-retail use by lowering entrepreneur’s break even point.
Your end game is to reduce the amount of bars in the area. You do that by getting rid of the moratorium, which allows the monopoly that currently exists to lapse and introducing more competition. In the end, you’ll probably see some of the divey bars close, more upscale drinking establishments open up, and more street level retail open up in Adams Morgan. That’s a better way of reducing the problems in AdMo.
How would lifting the ban lead to the closing of divey bars? Wouldn’t lower commercial real estate prices make it easier for a place to exist?
it couldn’t support west elm.
so many theorists!
People do realize that the moratorium also affects sit-down restaurants that don’t cater to the frenzied booze mobs on weekend nights? The moratorium only makes things more expensive for everybody and doesn’t solve the problem. The problem isn’t placing serving booze–it’s that the authorities continue to allow chaos on 18th street and the establishments that cater to the weekend get wasted crowd to operate without any restraints. If the city really wanted to get it under control, it would, but I suspect the campaign donations that go to Jim Graham help keep the status quo.
As a few have pointed out, Adams Morgan has some great new restaurants and seems to be getting a new one every couple months. Granted, it’s a sh_t show weekends after midnight, I’ve noticed a marked improvement during those hours over the past couple years while U St has trended in the opposite direction. Joker’s view is outdated.
As for the moratorium, I think it’s a pretty blunt and mostly ineffective tool to achieve the neighborhood’s objectives. But I’m mostly agnostic, since I don’t think it has a huge impact either way.
Adams Morgan is a really nice neighborhood, but is a bit chaotic from 10pm-3am Thurs – Sat nights. I’m ok with that balance. I don’t understand why half the posts on here are so insulting and anger filled toward an entire neighborhood (or a particular restaurant). Every place has its highs and lows.
On the point of the post, I’m not sure whether the moratorium helps or hurts in affecting the changes most people would like to see around here. I’m for anything that helps fill in the 10-15 empty store fronts we currently have, and it would be nice to have some establishments with higher standards of operation.
+10 Lots of interesting information is shared on POPville, but it is outweighed by the smarter than you, blowhard, absolutist douchebags who blowup a post inside of three comments.
Absolutely agree. The craziness everyone alludes to happens mainly on 18th St between Kalorama Rd and Columbia Rd – there is a lot more to Adams Morgan than that. I’ve lived in Adams Morgan for almost 20 years and seen a lot of changes during that time – mostly for the better. Regardless, I loved the neighborhood when I moved in and I still love it now.
This is worth repeating so the real facts are out there. “Joker” claims that there are “107 bars” in the broader U Street area where the Shaw Dupont Citizens Alliance is trying to impose a liquor license moratorium. He’s getting this number from the SDCA’s petition. But this is complete hogwash. The SDCA is including among the 107 every single establishment in the proposed zone that has any kind of liquor license — not just bars. Thus, they’re including, among others, the Source Theatre, the Lincoln Theatre, Cork Market, Yes! Market, Busboy’s, U Street Wine & Beer, the The Whitelaw Market, etc. At this rate, they might as well include my house because it has beer in the fridge.
The answer to “problem” bars and night clubs in our neighborhood is to close down the offenders. Period. The answer isn’t to not let anyone new into the neighborhood. We’re about to be inundated with thousands of new residents as several large apartment and condo buildings open up on the 14th Street and U Street. Where does the SDCA expect them to go?
To your fridge of course!
They should lift the ban but only after the luxury hotel and other condo projects have been finished.
Amo should turn into a full strip of live music bars (nashville style), mixed with new restaurants, a couple retail shops, draft cinema house, and somehow figure out where to put a bowling ally. It needs to keep the funky drinking neighborhood vibe, obviously it could go a for a face lift on a few spots, but that really needs to fall on the owners to take a bit more pride in their business. Amo has distinct character, which is something I cant say for the a lot of other neighborhoods in the city.
Ive lived in the area for a few years, and fully support the lift on the moratorium. Bring in more bars,restaurants, & liquor licences, and with that more competition and push for better concepts. With the new hotel coming in, I think we will see a slight shift in some of the businesses, but I personally think the city should focus on pushing for more small office space, especially DC tech startups, to move into the area. Perhaps even subsidize some of the space for DC based startups, we all know Grey loves to do that. This would help the businesses during the weekdays, and would also help push the owners to step up there game with the new influx of daytime customers.
Thing is, the neighborhood is already changing for the better on its own, albeit slowly. It’s not changing nearly as fast as other neighborhoods, but the upside is that it’s keeping more of its character that way.
I think the last time a lot of these commentors were in Adams Morgan was about 3 a.m. when they were 23 years old back when all these stereotypes were created.
There’s a thriving brunch scene, many restaurants with offerings from around the world, a number of upscale alcohol and specialty beer establishments, a bookstore, a number of antique stores, coffeeshops, easy access to the National Zoo, thriving parks, and residential areas that are largely older and sedate people.
Agreed.
I love going to Adams Morgan on a nice Sunday afternoon or grabbing some chill drinks with friends on Mon-Wed evening. It’s a great area with a ton of food options within 6 blocks.
I’m saving to buy a place and Adams Morgan is my preferred area. I’m hoping to get in before I get priced out! *fingers crossed*
Of course, I don’t know what your budget is, but the time to get into Adams Morgan was pre-PN Hoffman development – early 2000’s. VERY happy I bought there in 1996.
How come New York’s nightlife isn’t concentrated in massive strips like DC’s? Does our zoning force everything to specific areas while in New York you can open a bar on side residential streets?
yes, zoning. outside of downtown, we are zoned as if we are a series of small towns hoping to create mainstreets.
I’m not sure whether lifting the moratorium would be a good thing or a bad one — whatever would reduce the Friday- and Saturday-night craziness would be good, but it’s not clear to me that lifting the moratorium would necessarily do so.
It is, however, clear to me that people need to stop calling Adams Morgan “AdMo.” No mo’!!
Yes – thank you!!
No, it should not be lifted.
What should occur instead is:
Liquor licenses should be more easily revoked.
If the license is not in use then it should be suspended. After a period of time where it is not in use, it should be removed from the holder.
As liquor licenses are done by type of establishment/occupancy these should be strictly enforced – and immense fines for violation including permanent revocation of license.
The number of licenses allowed in a given area should be determined by class. So a moratorium on club/tavern licenses would not effect a restaurant or hotel license and vice versa.
I have no idea how this moratorium process works and no informed opinion on whether it will “work” – whatever that means for those who support it. But I do know that people have been trying to bring retail to Adams Morgan forever. (It was the plan the 6 years I lived in Adams Morgan, which began 13 years ago, and it probably predates that point in time.) Maybe it’s time to admit that it’s just not going to happen – moritorium or not.
I think its unique isolation in the middle of everything – and not being a daytime destination – is what keeps it from developing in the way 14th Street has, for example, with interior design.
I agree with the general notion that bringing in hotels and fostering more start-up businesses would help draw a daytime population to the area. Though, I think the reality is that, with Georgetown and Dupont not far on one side and Columbia Heights on the other, I’m just not sure there’s space for another shopping district.
The other issue the moratorium creates is SLOW turnover of properties. As someone else mentioned, holding that very valuable liquor license provides incentives for the landlord to sit on the real estate and then lease at extraordinary high rents based on demand for the liquor license alone.
This has caused at least a few buildings in Admo to be empty right now. The old Euro club Slaviya is empty, the building with the Toulouse-Lautrec reproduction on the front, and a couple of others are still empty because the real estate owners are trying to extract greater rent out of businesses to access the liquor license attached to the property.
If the moratorium were lifted there would be less incentive to hold places empty waiting for the highest bidder to access the liquor license. Places would fill in quicker, perhaps better restaurants and better bars would open, creating stiffer competition, and pushing all business to improve in order to compete.
And kudos to everyone who points out that Admo is not the barren drunken wasteland that everyone assumes it to be. It is one of the easiest neighborhoods to live in with access to good nightlife, several excellent grocery stores, and easy enough transportation (although in the winter that walk across the calvert bridge is miserable). Business owners have recognized that the neighborhood has improved and the last two years have seen exceptional growth. If we can reduce the cost of starting up a business by getting rid of the moratorium, then perhaps the neighborhood can keep the momentum going and grab a share of the expanding DC economy.
Andrew –
Please cite your source(s) for this statement:
“Business owners have recognized that the neighborhood has improved and the last two years have seen exceptional growth.”
I own a business here. Many of my neighboring businesses have closed and many more are on the brink of eviction or bankruptcy. Throughout the streetscape and since, almost every business I know is struggling to make ends meet. What do you know that we don’t?
Aren’t there enough bars in Adams Morgan as it is? It’s not like every single bar on 18th Street is overpacked with a line down the block on a Saturday night. Plenty of places down there look like they’re struggling, anyway. My theory is that they’ve lost a ton of business to H Street Northeast and to a lesser extent, U Street.
Why is there no middle ground between an absolute moratorium and a free for all, by-right process? Let’s let businesses have access to liquor licenses once they go through the review process, including resident input, etc.
it should expire tomorrow….AlTitle: Presents Vol 1
Author: Kanako Inuki
Publisher: CMX
ISBN: 9781401213923
May Contain Spoilers
Though Karumi doesn’t look it, she’s an old woman. Trapped in a young girl’s body because she never received any presents, she carries with her the bitter memories of her parents forgetting her birthday and her classmates cruelly ignoring it. Since she’s never opened a present, she’s never aged. Now she travels from place to place, bestowing presents upon others. However, her presents are the last thing anyone would ever wish for, as the gifts usually cause a premature end to the recipient’s life!
Presents was a fast read, with episodic chapters featuring greedy, gift-grubbing characters. Karumi is the only recurring character, and she creepily brings ruin to pretty much everyone she comes across. Most of the unsuspecting victims of her presents are selfish and petty, and prove that karma can turn around at any time and bite you on the ass.
My biggest complaint with the book is that it’s not really very scary. Sure, there are some gruesome illustrations here and there, depicting eyeballs popping out of heads or skin melting like candle wax, but the overall feeling that the reader is left with is a touch of indifference. With the format of the stories, each relatively short and lightning paced, it’s hard to get to know the characters that populate the pages. Without having an emotional connection to them, it’s hard to get worked up when they meet up with Karumi. Instead of thinking, “I hate you, open the present!” or “You aren’t so bad, don’t do it!” I didn’t really care one way or the other as the gifts were strewn about, leaving chaos in their wake.
My favorite story, “Konotori,” wasn’t even a horror story. It was a nice slice of life chapter about an only child who befriends a boy with almost more siblings than others can count. Though the two only spend a brief time together, they forge a friendship that lasts a lifetime. And nobody died in the entire span of 20 pages. Plus, the present was something that someone might actually want!
The art is most notable for the ping-pong ball eyes. All of those big, buggy eyes were distracting. The characters reminded me a little of wooden clothing pins because they were really stiff and it looked like everyone had neck trouble. Maybe it was because their eyes were so large. The death scenes were fairly entertaining, with mildly gory endings greeting most of those stupid enough to open one of Karumi’s presents.
Not very scary, and somewhat diverting, Presents gives a new twist to the concept of gift giving, one that I hope it doesn’t catch on.
Grade: C
Rated for Mature
Review copy provided by CMX
One thought on “Presents Vol 1 by Kanako Inuki Manga Review”
Pingback: Manga Xanadu » Blog Archive » Halloween MangaAK-47 Standard Press and Pin Receiver
Caliber: 762x39 Our Standard receiver, with the back tangs milled into the receiver. Requires: pressed barrel, standard fixed stock
NOTE:!Headlines
- 17 April 2015 – Investor newsletterat noodls(Mon, Apr 20)
- 20 April 2015 – Notice of Meeting and Proxy for 2015 Annual General Meetingat noodls(Mon, Apr 20)
- Adelaide Brighton Ltd. trading close to its 50 day moving average. Strong fundamentals, but Overvalued – worth considering?Other(Wed, Mar 25)
- Adelaide Brighton Ltd. : Relatively poor pick? Maybe.Other(Fri, Mar 20)
- 12 March 2015 – 2014 Financial Statements and Directors' Reportat noodls(Wed, Mar 11)
- Preliminary 2014 Adelaide Brighton Ltd Earnings Release - Time Not SuppliedOther(Thu, Feb 26)
- Adelaide Brighton predicts sales boostAAP(Thu, Feb 26)
- 26 February 2015 – December 2014 Full year result presentationat noodls(Wed, Feb 25)
- 16 February 2015 – Major Western Australian cement supply contract securedat noodls(Wed, Feb 25)
- 26 February 2015 – Appendix 4E Preliminary final report for year ended Dec 2014at noodls(Wed, Feb 25)
- Bright year ahead for Adelaide BrightonAAP(Wed, Feb 25)
- Record profit for Adelaide BrightonAAP(Wed, Feb 25)
- Adelaide Brighton makes $174m purchasesAAP(Tue, Aug 5)
- Adelaide Brighton expects lower lime salesAAP(Wed, May 21)
- Adelaide Brighton expects flat profitAAP(Tue, May 20)
Add ABC.AX Headlines to My Yahoo!+ My Yahoo! RSSParkville home sale in January 2013 were up 48.3% over the beginning of 2012.
The total sold volume last month was $8,547,725, while last January $5,761,370 sold.
Forty-nine homes changed hands, which is fifteen more than January 2012. It took an average of 81 days for a seller to receive an acceptable contract.
The average sales price last month was $174,443, which is up about 2.95% from the same point last year.
There were 176 homes for sale in Parkville last month, down from a high of 258 in January 2012. Less competition for buyers tends to be better for sellers in terms of their bottom line and time on the market, so this can really be seen as a positive trend.
Fifty homes entered the Parkville real estate market, while 53 homes went under contract.
For more details, here is a link to the report on January 2013 Parkville Home Sales.
As is the case with most of the Baltimore real estate market, the Parkville 21234 zip code has many different neighborhoods and types of houses. Part of the 21234 zip code is located within Baltimore City as well, and Baltimore County and Baltimore City may have very different types of homes and price points. Contact me for more information about your Parkville house value!Tags: 21234 home sales, Loch Raven, Loch Raven Village, Parkville, Parkville home sales, Parkville house valueThank youYour Enquiry has been sent successfully.
Embassy Furniture Supplier
Embassy Furniture
Budget Housing Solution
Budget Kitchen
Budget Furniture
Budget Wardrobes
Hotel Furniture Supplier
Hotel Furniture
2D & 3D Layout
2D Layout
3D Layout
2D & 3D layout
Interior Designing Services
Furniture Designing
Interior Designing
Turnkey Interior Project
Wardrobe & Wall Panel Designing Service
Turnkey Project
Panels Designing
Bedroom Furniture
Bedroom Furniture Sets
Home Furniture
Bedroom Beds
Wooden Bedroom Furniture
Double Bed
Luxury Beds
Modular Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Living Room Sofa Sets
Luxury Living Room Furniture Sofa Sets
Luxury Living Room Furniture
Bathroom Interiors
Modular Bathroom
Dining Furniture
Dining Furniture Set
Dining Tables
Dining Tables -Luxury
Dining Tables-Luxury
Kids Room Furniture
Apartment Furniture
Restaurant Furniture
Restaurant Dining Table
School Furniture
School Benches
School Tables
Boutique Furniture
Office Furniture
Armchair & Sofa
Rubber Wood Chair
Stylish Chair
Designer Chair
Designer Sofa
Armchair & Sofa Furniture
Office Chair
Shopping Mall Furniture
Bar Unit Furniture
Bar & Drink Units
TV Media Unit Furniture
Shoe Rack
Wooden Table
Coffee Table
Console Table
Dressing Table
Nesting Table
Traditional Ottoman
Temple Furniture
Wooden Wardrobe
Designer Wardrobe
Wardrobes
Wooden Wardrobes
Study Unit
Study Units
Chester of Drawers
Wooden Bookshelf
Decorative Center Table
Center Table
Keeping in mind ever changing needs and demands of our clients, we are involved in offering exclusive range of Living Room Sofa Sets in the market. Our products are manufactured using finest quality material that is sourced from trusted and reputed market vendors. Our ardent carpenters and craftsmen make us of finest quality machines and tools to ensure that quality-assured range of Living Room Sofa Sets is offered by us.
Features:
Contact via E-mail
Contact via SMS
Thank you !Your enquiry has been sent successfully.
Thank you !Your requirement has been sent successfully.New Orleans judges and lawyers filled the La Chinoiserie Ballroom at the Windsor Court Thursday night to honor one of their own, Harry Rosenberg, as he was awarded the prestigious Presidents’ Award from the New Orleans Bar Association. NOBA president Tim Daniels explained the significance of this award as it not only recognizes an individual who is known for outstanding talent in the legal field, but is reserved for the special few who have also made important contributions to the community. Along with his professional colleagues, Mr. Rosenberg had a large showing of his family on hand as he was honored for his contributions through programs such as Court Appointed Special Advocates (CASA), the Pro Bono Project, and the Innocence Project. He graciously accepted the award while recognizing all of those who contributed to his successes and community contributions. NOBA was pleased to honor Mr. Rosenberg, and also recognizes the importance of his firm, Phelps Dunbar, in nurturing such talent and encouraging his many philanthropic projects.One Small Coup for Lotus
Published: February 27, 1994
To the Editor:
Chalk one up for nifty marketing by the chief executive of Lotus, Jim Manzi ("Computer Keiretsu: Japanese Idea, U.S. Style," Viewpoints, Feb. 6). About 1984, the Lotus 1-2-3 spreadsheet software made a fundamental and spectacular contribution to the power of personal computers. For two or three years, expectations were higher for Lotus than for Microsoft, but Lotus languished while Microsoft soared. Now, at last, Lotus Notes is widely considered to be a worthy product, and Lotus is excited that it again has a product that has attained acclaim.
But why did The New York Times let Mr. Manzi get away with a soft-sell commercial for a nice enhancement of E-mail by calling it an American response to the Japanese keiretsu? ALEX ORDEN Chicago, Feb. 9 The writer is a professor of applied mathematics at the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business.Keith Clearwater (Orem, Utah) threatened the course record with a sizzling 9-under-par 63 on Thursday at TPC Eagle Trace, but fell one shy in that quest. However, he’ll have a three-stroke cushion heading into Friday’s final round of the 2010 Champions Tour National Qualifying Tournament. Clearwater has a 54-hole total of 16-under-par 200.
Lee Rinker (Jupiter, Fla.) moved into sole possession of second place after a 6-under-par 66 and is at 13-under-par 203. John Morse (Marshall, Mich.) is third at 11-under-par 205. There is five-way tie for fourth place.
2010 CHAMPIONS TOUR Q-SCHOOL
The top five finishers after Friday's final round earned their cards for the 2011 Champions Tour.
Clearwater started the third round tied for second, three strokes behind second-round leader Frankie Minoza. But after a round that included 10 birdies and just one bogey, he was looking to match the course record 10-under-par 62 established in 1989 by Dan Pohl at the Honda Classic and later tied by Tim Herron in 1996 at the same event. Clearwater got to within one of the record at 9 under par through 16 holes, but narrowly missed a birdie opportunity at No. 17 when his putt just slid over the edge. He got up and down for par at No. 18.
“I’ve really hit it well the last two days and I didn’t leave a lot of waste out there today, said the 51-year-old Clearwater. “You know every guy can come off the golf course every day and look back and say maybe I could have been six or seven better, but today, maybe two shots for me. It just feels great to kind of complete things; to finish things off. I played really well and didn’t make too many mistakes.”
Clearwater played in 15 events on the Champions Tour in 2010, earning $137,293. His best finish came in his final start at the AT&T Championship where he was a tie for 13th.
Looking ahead to Friday’s final round, Clearwater knows there is still much golf to be played as he seeks a full exemption for 2011.
“You know it’s just going to be playing one shot at a time. I switched to a long putter later in the year and it’s made a difference. It makes those bad days much better,” the two-time PGA Tour winner added. “This tournament is like a football game. We’ve played three quarters and you know someone can still score three touchdowns on you tomorrow. Today was another one of those mini-tests and it’s good to finish like I did.”
Second-round leader Minoza (Manila, Philippines), who started the day with a three-stroke lead, struggled on the front nine, shooting a 3-over-par 39 and never recovered from his slow start. He goes into the final round tied for ninth, eight strokes behind Clearwater.
Robert Thompson (Huntsville, Tex.), the medalist here at TPC Eagle Trace in the 2008 Champions Tour Qualifying Tournament, fired a 6-under-par 66 and continued his climb up the leaderboard. He was tied for 34th after the first round and is currently tied for fourth.
There will be no cut in the 72-hole qualifier. At the close of the event on Friday, the top five finishers will earn fully-exempt status for the 2011 season, while the next seven players will be conditionally exempt. In the event of any ties for positions 6-12, playoffs will take place to establish priority order. In addition, the top 30 finishers and ties will be eligible to compete for spots in open qualifiers at all co-sponsored events on the Champions Tour in 2011.
Q-School Notes: R.W. Eaks withdrew during his round due to a recurring back issue which has plagued him the last few years on the Champions Tour. … Jimmy Blair also withdrew prior to the start of the third round. … With his 10 birdies on Thursday, Keith Clearwater has now totaled 22 birdie through 54 holes. … Lee Rinker and Sonny Skinner have the fewest bogeys through three rounds – three. … Clearwater and Rinker are the only two players in the 76-player field to have posted three straight rounds in the 60s. … Robert Thompson recently won the Senior PGA Professional National Championship in California.According to C.L. Raffety, treasurer-tax collector, the second installment of the secured property tax is now due and will be delinquent if not paid on or before midnight April law allows payments postmarked by the U.S. Postal Service to be accepted as timely if paid on or before April 10.
The mailing address for property tax payments is P.O. Box 678002, Placerville, Calif. 95667-8002, and taxpayers are reminded to include their payment stub with the new envelope provided by the Tax Collector’s Office.
Online Payment for secured property taxes is another option available to taxpayers. The Tax Collector Website now provides a secure payment service to pay property taxes by electronic funds transfer or credit card. Accepted cards include Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express.
To make an online payment or to find answers to the most frequently asked property tax questions, access the Tax Collector’s Website at edcgov.us/taxcollector.
Taxpayers making payments through their private bank’s online system should be sure to enter their parcel number as the account number and double check that delivery will be on or before the delinquency date..random kitteh by RandomDoodler167
©2011-2015 RandomDoodler167
i've been randomely adding to this the past couple days, just for fun, and to play with effects & show y'all my final cat designs
i don't remember who took the picture that's the background, but if you find this, plz let me know and i will credit ou for your amazing picture
plz enjoy! ^^ kthnxbai
I really love the color scheme~MARCH 17 I MANUFACTURING I DISASTER
MI Suppliers Report Minimal Damage From Japan Quake
Major Japanese MI suppliers suffered minimal damage from the March 11 earthquake that ravaged Northern Japan.
Roland, Yamaha and Kawai, all headquartered in Hamamatsu, are located roughly 300 miles from Sendai, the city worst hit. None reported any significant damage to their facilities, and at press time, none had employees injured in the quake. Hoshino Gakki, located roughly 55 miles northwest of Hamamatsu in Nagoya, also suffered no damage or injured employees.
"It is still too early to determine if this ongoing situation will affect shipments due to the currently unknown impact on ports, vessels and shipping lanes," read a statement issued by Tak Nakata, president of Yamaha Corp. of America. "We will provide additional information just as soon as it is made available to Yamaha."
Brian Chung, senior vice president and general manager of Kawai America, said his greatest concern now is the quake's impact on Kawai Music Schools in the affected areas.
"As yet, we have been unable to reach any teachers or students associated with those schools — but we continue to hope for good news regarding their well-being once communication to the area is restored," Chung said.
"The big concern [of Roland staff] is for the safety and condition of Roland Japan's dealers and their families in northern Japan in the Sendai area," said Dennis Houlihan, chairman of Roland U.S. "That's where we've seen all the tremendous damage from the tsunami."
"I was told that when it hit most in the company assumed it to be just another Japan earthquake," said Bill Reim, president of Hoshino USA. "It came and it went. At the time, the magnitude of what had just occurred didn't register at all. Within a few hours, the reality of the situation was starting to unfold, but by then, the workday was over.
"Naturally, there is great concern on their part for the well-being of their fellow citizens, and [we'll] do whatever is asked of them to help."New York, NY, US
see all...Viewing 3 out of 4 projects
Diller Scofidio + Renfro, New York, NY, US, Designer
Woods Bagot, Los Angeles, CA, US, Intern
BIM & Physical Modeling:
AS Roma Stadium & Master Plan
Spartak Arena & Stadium Complex
Sacramento Kings Entertainment & Sports Arena
Santa Clara H.E.R.O. Development
Site Visits:
Santa Anita Raceway Renovation
Sustainable City Project, Tucson, AZ, US, Project Designer
Treehouse Design Group, Tucson, AZ, US, Revit Instructor
The Daily Wildcat, Tucson, AZ, US, Designer
Treehouse Design Group, Tucson, AZ, US, Revit Contract
Casamba Inc., Agoura Hills, CA, US, Project Designer
University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, US, Laboratory Manager
Beta Theta Pi Fraternity, Tucson, AZ, US, President of Pledge Class
University of Arizona, Tucson, AZ, US, BArch, Architecture
William G. Ure, III Memorial Award, Award
Capstone Design Excellence: Outside Jury's Choice Award, Honorable Mention
Project: Tertiarization: Pessimist + Optimist
AIA Arizona Student Studio Project Competition, 2nd Place
Project: ArTchive
Additional Credits: Yukun Zhou & Christopher Pela
AIA Design Excellence Fall 2013, Nomination
Project: ArTchive
Additional Credits: Yukun Zhou & Christopher Pela
Design Excellence: Ronald R. Gourley Award, Award
Ten Top Images on Archinect's "Student Work" Pinterest Board, Honorable Mention
Project: Unitarian Universalist Sanctuary
AIA Design Excellence Student Traveling Exhibition, Honorable Mention
Traveling Exhibition to MOCA, several architectural firms, Development Services office, etc.
Project: Unitarian Universalist Sanctuary
Manuel A Pombo Scholarship, Award
Scholarship award for Fall 2012.
Arizona Excellence, Award
Scholarship award for Fall/Spring of 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009.
International Youth Sketch Design Competition: Certificate of Achievment, Honorable Mention
Recipient of Certificate of Achievment
AIA Design Excellence Fall 2011, 1st Place
Project: Unitarian Universalist SanctuaryHealthgrades
10 Steps to Pick the Right Doctor
Whether you need a primary care doctor or a specialist, these 10 steps will ensure you find the right doctor for you. View Slideshow
Dr. Schwab III's Experience
Specialties
- Osteopathic Manipulative Therapy
Board Certifications
- Dermatology
- Osteopathic Manipulative Medicine
- Destruction of Benign Skin Lesion
- Destruction of Malignant Skin Lesion
- Shaving of Skin Lesion
- Acne
- Actinic Keratosis
- Atopic Dermatitis (Eczema)
- Basal Cell Carcinoma
- Benign Skin Lesion
- Dermatitis
- Dermatomyositis
- Dry Skin
- Folliculitis
- Hair Loss
- Henoch–Schönlein Purpura (HSP)
- Itchy Skin
- Lipomas
- Molluscum Contagiosum Infection
- Psoriasis
- Rash
- Ringworm
- Rosacea
- Seborrheic Dermatitis
- Seborrheic Keratosis
- Skin Cancer
- Skin Discoloration
- Varicose Veins
- Warts
Background Check for Dr. Schwab III
Malpractice Claims not available
- Healthgrades does not collect malpractice information for Ohio.
0 Board Actions
- No board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.
Awards & Recognitions
Education & Training
Languages Spoken by Dr. Schwab III & StaffTel: (34) 91 2062160Fax: (34) 91 2062161
reservas.innside.madrid@melia.com
COORDINATES:
N +40º 25' 41.19" / W -3º 41' 45.46"
Spacious 2 bedroomed loft measuring 80 m2 with terrace and views of the city, that combines a premium room and an Innside room with terrace and additional space. It has a king size bed, terrace, flat screen TV, functional support for laptop so you can work in bed, safe, minibar with soft drinks included, WiFi internet, iPod dock and cordless telephone, iron and ironing board and bathroom with large rain shower.
(*) With chargeDo you think wearing on-body cameras on duty should be mandatory?
Laser sighting systems help officers with target identification, and as we well know when deploying any weapon system, target identification is key. We are not always going to have the luxury of getting into a gunfight under "ideal" conditions..Dragon Naturally Speaking coupon
Dragon naturally speaking home edition just for $74.99.
Promo Code: Get Deal
Expiration Date: Jun 18, 2015
Dragon naturally speaking premium edition just for $149.99.
Promo Code: Get Deal
Expiration Date: Jul 2, 2015
About Dragon Naturally Speaking Coupons
Totally 2 Dragon Naturally Speaking
- Vimeo
- Norton 360
- Kaspersky
- VMware vSphere Essentials Kit
- Serif
- McAfee
- Western Digital
- Cyberlink
- Xero
- Lenovo
- Habbo
- Agile Bits
- DirectCanada
- Office 365 University
- Rakuten
- SuperBiiz
- Microsoft Office for Mac 2011
- CyberpowerPC
- Parallels
- IObit
Popular StoresMost people come here for my Thomson / SpeedTouch lookup code; you can go there with the button below.
Thomson / SpeedTouch Lookup »..
Some twenty seven percent of Costa Rica is designated as national parkland. In the USA, Canada and elsewhere, you enter the park, check in at the ranger station, drive on wonderfully signed roads, take guided hikes along designated paths, use the washrooms, camp grounds, souvenir shops, parking areas, and so forth. Most of Costa Rican parkland are huge chucks of impenetrable rainforest that you can only admire from a distance, knowing that life goes on basically undisturbed within.
There are a few exceptions like the hike you take along the Pacific coast in the Corcovado National Park on the Osa Peninsula. But even here, you are on your own and have to be nimble-footed, crossing sections at low tides and ever cautious of hammerhead sharks, crocodiles and packs of aggressive pecaries (wild pigs).
I estimate there are about fifty official canopy zip-line tours in Costa Rica, but they are all outside of the national parks. Whitewater rafting on the Pacuare River actually created a national park, to protect the long original growth Pacuare River gorge from a planned hydroelectric project.
Some of the smaller popular parks like Poas and Irazu Volcano have public facilities, a restaurant, souvenir shop or museum near the entrance.
Though Costa Rica looks tiny on a world map, and Canadians and American are used to driving a hundred miles for lunch, Costa Rica takes about twelve hours to get from corner to corner. I often have guests saying they’d like to drive from the Central Valley down to Panama or up to Nicaragua for the day. If they did, they would drive all day and spend their time outside the car trying to get permission to cross the border. Flying is the better option in this case.
Costa Rica gets wetter and more rugged the south and east you travel. Many are surprised to see dry cattle ranches and prickly scrub vegetation inland from the coasts in Guanacaste, though the beaches are spectacular, and the coastal areas are hilly and green from May to January.
The Pacific coast of Costa Rica has traditionally been the most popular coast, with its spectacular mountain and ocean views, too many beaches to count, surfing, fishing, sunbathing, and somewhat more Spanish in culture. The southern part is mostly untamed, and ear marked for massive development when the global economy turns around, and the international airport goes in at Palmar.
The Caribbean coast is a reflexion of the Caribbean Islands, reggae music, the black culture, lively colored houses, cute little restaurants with funny names, Caribbean foods, calmer beaches especially in the south with snorkeling around the reefs, and definitely a more laid back approach to everything.
The Central Valley of Costa Rica takes up about two percent of Costa Rica’s land area, but has two thirds of the four plus million residents. Education, government, banking, industry, shopping and nightlife dominate in the Central Valley. The weather in the Central Valley is markedly springlike year-round because it is about a kilometer higher than both hot humid coasts.
Getting around Costa Rica:
There are several ways to experience Costa Rica. The most environmentally friendly and by far the cheapest way is to travel by public bus, experiencing what Ticos do. Unfortunately, it can be inconvenient and time consuming, and that matters to those who are on a short holiday, and haven’t the time to relax and go with the flow!
Another option to get from hotel to hotel anywhere in Costa Rica is a comfortable climate-controlled private tourist bus service. Prices are in the $29 to $49 range one-way, ask your favorite hotel to make all the arrangements for you.
The third option is to drive yourself. Roads are narrow and unmarked, pot holes are common, and many Ticos are terrible drivers, seemingly unaware there are other vehicles on the road. However, if you just take your time, drive at the speed of the traffic, and totally expect the unexpected, you’ll do fine. Don’t rush into intersections. Once you are out of congested San Jose, it gets a lot easier. Most hotels have a list of reputable car rental agencies that they work with to guarantee you the best vehicles and service at the lowest prices.
Flying around Costa Rica is a fourth option, great mountain, rainforest and ocean views and so fast, though the safety factor on the single and twin propeller planes leaves me wondering. Statistics show you have 120 times the chance of crashing per mile traveling on small domestic flights than you do on the big air carriers. I am always reminded of a flight I took five years ago with Sansa to Nosara. In the small waiting room we were talking to people on the other flight to Quepos. Theirs crashed, three dead, and a horror story for the survivors taking days to find their way out of the jungle to civilization.
Recommended day tours:
All hotels in Costa Rica offer local tours that are appropriate for their specific area, exploring mangroves, guided rainforest hikes, dolphin and whale watching, mountain climbing, canopy tours, whitewater rafting, horseback riding, turtle watching, to name a few.
>From the Central Valley, the Rainforest Adventure tour is quickly becoming one of the most popular tours, great for all ages, highlighting those aspects of Costa Rica that many have heard so much about. A well-informed bi-lingual guide leads you throughout, onto a covered jungle river boat ride to see wild monkeys, iguanas, colorful birds and maybe even a crocodile or cayman. Later enjoy a relaxing walk through a rainforest preserve as the guide points out and explains the interesting flora and fauna. Then catch a bird’s eye view for a long aerial tram ride in a special gondola taking you quietly through the rainforest canopy. Enjoy a ranarium (frog farm), a mariposarium (butterfly farm) and a serpentarium (snake display). Finally head back to the Central Valley through majestic Braulio Carillo National Park in time for dinner.
The 8 in 1 Combo tour is also quite popular now that the La Paz Waterfall Garden Park is once again open after the January 8th, 2009 6.2 earthquake. Experience a coffee operation, peer into the second largest volcanic crater on the planet, then enjoy a butterfly farm, a hummingbird station, a ranarium (frog) display, a snake display, an antique Costa Rican farm house, a bird display then walk down the sides and under a series of thundering waterfalls as they race down a rainforest-covered mountainside.
The most exciting thing you can do is whitewater rafting, particularly on the warm Pacuare River, ideal and safe for the average tourist in reasonable shape. Many say it is the best rafting river in the world, 30 kilometers of consistent rapids with perfect rest breaks in between, surrounded by primary growth forest, exotic birds flying overhead, monkeys and sloths, and non-stop excitement and thrills.
Probably the most sensational tours take you to one of three major hot springs resorts at the bottom of explosive Arenal Volcano, nothing like it in the world. Arenal is so huge, it creates it’s own micro-climate. You can hear the angry volcano exploding once or twice per hour, huge puffs of smoke drifting from it’s crater visible on a clear day, and globs of bright orange hot molten lava spilling down the sides on a starry night. Tabacon Hot Springs are the most famous, all in a huge beautiful park-like setting, a day you’ll never forget. Unfortunately the cocky attitude of the staff leaves something to be desired.
The Calypso and Princesa Catamaran tours to Tortuga Island is just great fun, lots of sun and good times on the luxurious wide-decked boats, cruising through former pirate frequented islands where buried treasures are still to be discovered, dolphins along side, relax in the big Jacuzzis on the deck, and then pleasure in the clear turquoise waters, powder white sand and shaded jungle of Tortuga Island, simply paradise. It’s a great tour to round out your holiday.
Tell your hotel what tours you want, and if possible from their particular location, they will make all the arrangements and confirm them with you. Costa Rica is unlike any other country on earth. Even with a choice of hundreds of pristine beaches surrounded by jungle on two warm oceans, educated and seasoned travelers also enjoy planning for the exotic learning experiences found only inside Costa Rica, from bird watching to participating in eco-projects. I hope I have given you a few ideas.
The Tico culture:
A lot has been written about Costa Rica, and perhaps you will let me add my personal opinions about Costa Ricans (Ticos). While traveling around, most of the Ticos you will meet have little worldly experience. You will be as much of a curiosity to them as they are to you. For this reason it is important that we, as tourists, understand we are guests in their country and should interact in a thoughtful and positive way on their natural, economic and cultural environment. Let’s leave Costa Rica in at least as good of a condition as when we arrived, for others to equally enjoy in the future. Remember the excellent bargain you negotiated for a souvenir was at the expense of someone feeding their family on a dollar an hour. Let’s try to observe, listen, understand and empathize rather than see, hear, take pictures and boast. If you prefer the familiar comforts of home, ask yourself why you are traveling?
Understanding the Tico (Costa Rica) culture requires a look back at their history. Before the arrival of Columbus, Costa Rica had very little human settlement. The advanced Aztec, Mayan and Olmec cultures from the northwest and the sun worshiping Mesoamerican and the Andes civilizations south-east never became strongly embedded in the land of present day Costa Rica. It was too swampy and rugged to easily make a living and therefore it stayed basically a hinterland. Essentially cut off from other human influences, small chiefdoms evolved their own cultures and traits. With the European arrival, few native ‘Indians’ were available to force into slavery. Most that encountered the conquerors died by the musket or of diseases to which they had no immunity. The result, with rich volcanic soils, and ample rainfall, the new comers survived on their own sweat and toil. Even the first governor tended his own gardens. This instilled a feeling of self-pride with strong family values you can still see today. Also you will see that Ticos are generally taller, more fair-skinned and more European in facial features than those found in other parts of Central America who generally interbred and mixed with the larger indigenous population.
Ticos live like there is no tomorrow. First impressions are very important to them. They always strongly shake hands, or lightly brush the cheek with a smacking-sounded kiss and always take a moment for small talk. You will almost never see a Tico (other than beggars) with shabby or dirty clothes, though their wages are a dollar or two an hour. I don’t know how they do it. Unfortunately what they show in pizazz, many seem to lack the integrity that foreigners often take for granted. Unlike us who have had to prepare to survive in a harsher climate, simply put, Ticos have been able to pick a banana or kill a chicken when hungry, and look for a roof when it rains. Almost expect them to be late, and it seems precious few take real pride in doing a job to the best of their ability. Don’t be disappointed and raise your voice, this is just how they are with everyone. Living here, you have to get used to it. Many often say what they think you want to hear rather than the reality. If this behavior is anticipated, it may help an impatient, demanding visitor fresh off the plane to take it easy. Laugh it off as an experience. Relax, you’re on vacation, go with the flow!
Your safety:
You can drink tap water in Costa Rica without getting sick, however like most places these days, you are wise to drink bottled water because of trace chemicals. Most hotels sell bottled water and other beverages in their restaurant or at the front desk.
Generally there is no need to take anti-malarial precautionary medication before visiting Costa Rica except if you are visiting some extremely isolated locations, and even then sometimes the prevention can be as hard on your body as the disease itself. There have been isolated break-outs of dengue fever caused by mosquitoes especially in the warm coastal areas, so you are advised to wear long pants and socks from dusk to dawn, and use bug repellent. But if you do get stung, don’t panic, the chances of you contracting the fever are rare.
I owned a bed and breakfast in central San Jose for nine years, and over time we realized that petty crime was getting worse, especially at night. For your safety in the city, or any tourist area and even in our safe neighborhood, travel in pairs, and don’t dangle ostentatious jewelry. Stay out of San Jose’s seedy areas, there is nothing to see there anyway. Taxis are plentiful, reliable and cheap, but always remember the number on the taxi door before getting in.
For some informative reading about traveling safely in the Third World, I have taken years writing and compiling an interesting website with ideas that could possibly save your life,.
Before arriving:
Our electricity here is 110 volts, the same as the US and Canada.
One of the best parts of a vacation to Costa Rica is in the planning. There are many excellent books about Costa Rica in your library and bookstore that will help you (and your family) discover and learn about our beautiful country before arrival. Feel everyone’s excitement grow as you start to customize your Costa Rican adventure!
Finance your (next) vacation:
For your information, many visitors have been able to finance much or all of their vacation with the savings from dental work, plastic surgery and eye surgery done in Costa Rica. Clean, private hospitals are fully equipped with modern facilities, and manned by American and European trained doctors who use the latest techniques. They charge about a third of what you would normally pay for the same procedure in the US and Canada. Spend your first day or so having the work done, then recover a few days in seclusion and comfort at one of our member hotels, then later tour Costa Rica when you feel more up to it. If you are interested in having any type of work done, please let me know and I will gladly refer you to a highly experienced and reputable English speaking medical doctor specializing in your area of concern.
Eric R.
2 thoughts on “Things you should know about Costa Rica”
Although downtown San Jose has some seedly and unsafe areas, like most large cities everywhere, I love to explore the night life, go dancing (even if I can’t salsa), check out the beautiful women (even if my wife will be with me) and just chill out. I’m sure once I’m at the Adventure Inn you or someone will be able to advise us the best places to go and not to go.
Your website and blog are mind-blowing will great information. Thank you so much. We are looking forward to perhaps retiring next year to Cost Rica.
Eric,
Thank you for all your good advise/info. My wife and myself will be in Costa Rica
29 Apr- 13 May 2012. We’ll spend one week around San Jose area and one week around Santa Cruz. We do our own cooking, planning to do drive and do our own tours!
We are also planning to cross the border to Nicaragua. I am latino and bilengual.
We are going to see every waterfall in CR!! and of course some of youir beaches!!
Please, do you have any advise for us??
And any hints as of were to do our groceries shopping??
Thank you
JohnThe Mumbai Film Festival has the parts that its organisers need to make the show a big deal on the international film circuit: appearances by world-class directors such as Costa-Gavras and Oliver Stone, screenings of films like “The Social Network” and “The Fifth Estate,” and the backdrop of a city that is home to the world’s largest movie production business. And yet, it isn’t enough. Festival director Srinivasan Narayanan spoke to Reuters about his roadmap for the festival and the hurdles in his path.Less than 40 minutes from downtown Denver, Life Care Center of Evergreen makes its home in the hidden treasure community of Evergreen, Colorado. Surrounded by forests and mountain parks known for all-season recreation, our nursing home is a perfect choice.
Life Care Center of Evergreen is an award-winning facility, receiving a 5-star Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services rating and a Bronze Quality Award from the AHCA/NCAL in 2013. Focusing on inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation with 24-hour skilled nursing care, Life Care Center of Evergreen’s in-house rehabilitation team works hard to give every patient and resident the best care possible.
Stop by today for a free tour to see why Life Care Center of Evergreen.
Keith Mullett
2987 Bergen Peak Drive, Evergreen, CO 80439
(303) 674-4500
(303) 674-8436Find Another Life Care LocationMetal Handling Solutions
Product Announcement from Wood's Powr-Grip Co., Inc.
>>IMAGE concave with hand-held vacuum cups by Wood's Powr-Grip.
Get the Latest Flash player.Historical Version(s) - view previous versions of standard
More D35.03 Standards Related Products Standard References
Significance and Use
5.1 This test method is considered satisfactory for the acceptance of commercial shipments of vertical strip drains.
5.1.1 In case of dispute arising from differences in reported test results when using this test method for acceptance testing of commercial shipments, the purchaser and the supplier should conduct comparative tests to determine if there is any statistical bias between their laboratories. Competent statistical assistance is recommended for the investigation of bias. As a minimum, the two parties should take a group of test specimens that as homogenous as possible, and that are from a lot of material of the type in question. The test specimens.2 Vertical strip drains are installed in areas where it is desired to increase the rate of soil consolidation. It has been shown that as the soil around the vertical strip drain consolidates, a crimp may form in the vertical strip drain due to the movement of the drain in the area of soil consolidation.
5.3 This test method can be used to evaluate if there is any reduction in flow rate of water through the drain due to the crimping, and what effect, if any, this crimping may have on the rate of consolidation of the soil.
1. Scope
1.1 This test method is a performance test that measures the effect crimping has on the ability of vertical strip drains to transmit water parallel to the plane of the drain.
1.2 This test method is applicable to all vertical strip drains. 91.060.20 (Roofs)
UNSPSC Code
UNSPSC Code
DOI: 10.1520/D6918
ASTM International is a member of CrossRef.
Citation Format
ASTM D6918-09(2014)e1, Standard Test Method for Testing Vertical Strip Drains in the Crimped Condition, ASTM International, West Conshohocken, PA, 2014, to TopJerry West says criticism of Mike D’Antoni “grossly unfair”
Apr 24, 2013, 6:58 PM EDT
For.
- florida727 - Apr 25, 2013 at 12:05 PM
Actually, no, he’s not toast. I’m not qualified to say whether or not he’s a “good coach” or not. But the one thing I know is coaches don’t get much credit when they win, and too much blame when they lose. The guy who should be on the hot seat is the GM. He’s the guy that gives you the tools to play with. And without the right tools, you are toast. Think Spoelstra is a “great” coach? Everyone thinks Phil Jackson is the second coming of God Himself. Got news for you: without Jordan/Pippen then Kobe/Shaq, he doesn’t have all “his” championships. Funny thing is, I’ve yet to see a coach commit a personal foul, brick a free throw, or turn the ball over. Face it, the NBA is and always will be, a players league. You want to watch a game where a coach plays a significant role? Switch to college and high school hoops.
-
- Kurt Helin - Apr 25, 2013 at 12:43 PM
I hate the “Phil Jackson couldn’t have won without MJ” argument because no coach, at any level, can win without elite talent. Nobody can coach the Bobcats to a winning record. Pitino and Calipari win because in part they can recruit so well. Same is true at the HS level. However, there are a lot of coaches who have had talent on the roster and have not been able to mold it into a winner. PJ could do that better than anyone. And that’s a real skill.
Also, remember he got a team that started — STARTED — Kwame Brown and Smush Parker into the playoffs. That was his best coaching job.
-
- andrewproughcfe - Apr 24, 2013 at 7:27 PM
Yes – how could anyone win in the playoffs with twin 7-footers who are both perennial all-stars and future Hall-of-Famers, both of whom have experience helping lead teams to the finals?
Couldn’t be done. D’Antoni must be a stinking genius for only losing by 12 in the first game.
-
- zacksdad - Apr 24, 2013 at 7:42 PM
And with these inside players try to make them outside shooters to fit his system. Yes he changed his system, only after it failed badly with this team.
-
- freudnumb - Apr 24, 2013 at 7:36 PM
Two all star bigs are not enough! You need a legitimate point guard! Nash is only a two-time league MVP …
-
- yousername1512 - Apr 24, 2013 at 7:38 PM
You need an apostrophe on Lakers in “Lakers other options” in that last sentence. Possessive.
-
- stephenolszewski - Apr 24, 2013 at 7:51 PM
And the firing of Mike Brown after 6 games isn’t fair but his offense is awful
-
- jimeejohnson - Apr 24, 2013 at 8:27 PM
So what you’re saying is some Lakers fan who signs off all his posts with “fire Dumbtoni” is wrong? And you’re also saying the great Jerry West knows more about basketball than that “fire Dumbtoni” guy! I don’t think you’re lying.
-
-
- rjlink1 - Apr 24, 2013 at 9:17 PM
D’Antoni’s fine. Mike Brown was fine. No one was clamoring for Phil’s head when the Lakers won 45 and 42 games in those pre-Pau seasons. The Lakers have problems roster-wise and injury-wise. The coach is a convenient scapegoat.
-
- herkulease - Apr 24, 2013 at 11:45 PM
Phil had the rings to say “give me time”. In 2005-2006 the most they were below 500 was 3 games and 8 games. 2006/2007 they were never at or even below 500 at any point during the season and that included a stretch where they went a horrible 3-13.
This year they quickly fell below 500 until game 28 when they finally back to 500. A Lost followed by a win then they tumbled around until game 60 and March before they would once again reach 500.
The roster back then was junk. 05/06, it was Kobe(in his prime) a decent Odom with Smush Parker and Kwame brown as your starting PG and Center. Following year mostly the same except they had a rookie Bynum.
Not saying Phil would’ve or could’ve magically fixed this year’s team given they had plenty of injuries but at least on paper they have a much better team this year then back then.
-
- johnnyd1956 - Apr 24, 2013 at 11:02 PM
I think the biggest indictment against him is not what the Lakers did with him but rather what the Knicks are doing without him.
-
- mogogo1 - Apr 25, 2013 at 12:49 AM
I’ve always respected Jerry West and he’s right to a degree, but the injuries weren’t the biggest problem. Absolutely nobody in the front office or owner’s box spent even 5 minutes trying to figure out how these guys would play together, let alone how they’d play together within D’Antoni’s system. The thinking began and ended with the thought “Hey, he worked great with Nash in Phoenix!” He was ill-equipped to coach this roster, slow and unwilling to adjust, etc. The way the season turned out, they’d have been far better off with Mike Brown as the coach.
-
- 00maltliquor - Apr 25, 2013 at 1:56 AM
What are your thoughts on this. omniusprime?………..
-
- gmsingh - Apr 25, 2013 at 6:52 AM
“All these social media things about throw the ball inside — you have to be able make shots from the outside if you’re going to be able to make shots from the inside,” West said.
As usual, Jerry West is spot on here.
Really? How is scoring from the outside a prerequisite for scoring on the inside? If you’re going to make a statement like that, Kurt, you should explain it.
-
- Kurt Helin - Apr 25, 2013 at 12:58 PM
If you’ve watched the games you’ve seen that the Spurs are fronting the post, providing weak side help and essentially packing their defense back in the paint taking away room for Duncan and Gasol to operate near the basket. They are daring the Lakers to beat them from the outside. Until the Lakers do the Spurs have no reason to adjust their defense.
What’s more, the days of the “throw it into the post and let him go to work in isolation” that Shaq seems to dream of are gone. Because you can zone on defense now help is much closer to the post and that’s why teams with a good post player need to have shooters around him to space the floor out. Ala Dwight in Orlando.
-
- gmsingh - Apr 26, 2013 at 8:21 AM
I guess I’m not following you: unless you have a team full of Stephen Currys, the best defense is to force as many outside shots as possible. A dunk or a layup is a higher percentage shot than an 18 or 20 footer, right?
Regarding your Shaq comment, I guess I’m biased. Being a Bulls fan, I watch Carlos Boozer do what you say nobody does anymore. But that’s just one guy.
-
- omniusprime - Apr 25, 2013 at 9:01 AM
00maltliquor,
I’ve admired Jerry West’s basketball acumen for decades but regarding Dumbtoni he’s totally wrong. The Lakers had the same training camp that every other team had, so Jerry is way wrong on that score. The Lakers had a lot of injuries but still they didn’t win when they were healthy early in the season, hence the bad 7 seed. Dumbtoni might have changed his loser small ball system but he did it way too late, only after he knew he was ready to be fired.
Dumbtoni’s biggest failure has been on defense, he just doesn’t coach defense. Plus this nonsenses about having to make outside shots is bogus because the Lakers have been too lazy shooting too many threes instead of running real plays to work the ball inside where with Gasol and Howard they have a big advantage. Jerry has it backwards, you need to make your inside shots in order to get wide open outside looks, but outside shooting is always at a lower percentage than up close, that’s why it’s the big men who have the best shooting percentages.
Dumbtoni needs to be fired so that the Lakers can find a much better coach, like Byron Scott or Kurt Rambis, someone who knows the Laker’s historical winning system of big men basketball. A shame that Jerry West turned traitor to the Laker organization so many years ago, we sure could use Jerry’s acumen on player personnel, look how he helped Memphis and Golden State.
Fire Dumbtoni!!! Trade Trash Nash & Steve Flake!!! Get Well Soonest Kobe!!!
-
- Kurt Helin - Apr 25, 2013 at 12:54 PM
Mike D’Antoni did not have a training camp, Mike Brown did with a radically different offensive system. I’m not going to bother to argue the rest of this idiocy.
-
- Mr. Wright 212 - Apr 25, 2013 at 1:56 PM
I don’t buy it. D’Antoni knew the personnel before he signed on. No one FORCED him to take this job, and it was clear that a) Nash was not going to be the same guy he had in Phoenix seven or eight years ago, and b) this roster is NOT conducive to his style of play. Saying that he “altered his style” is not kudos to him, when he had no CHOICE. His style would not work even if they had all been healthy. He knew what he was getting into before he took the job. The blame is appropriate (upon him and Dumbo Jim Buss).
-
- kobeluver - Apr 25, 2013 at 2:42 PM
Traitor? Lmfao!
I’m glad Kurt called you on your moronic thoughts prime. I find it humorous as hell.
That you think you know more than Jerry West is ridiculous!
Have any more Boston bombing jokes you’d like to throw out there you piece of garbage? You’re a poor excuse for a fan and a human being.
-
- kanemoney - Apr 25, 2013 at 2:56 PM
You have to build a roster around mike, not the other way around. He was terrible in NY and now in LA because the teams don’t fit his mold. He is capable of coaching 1 way and its not a postseason winning)There are 88949 HTH_XRE domains in 87822 proteins in SMART's nrdb database.
Click on the following links for more information.
- Evolution (species in which this domain is found)
Taxonomic distribution of proteins containing HTH_XRE domain.
This tree includes only several representative species. The complete taxonomic breakdown of all proteins with HTH_XRE domain is also avaliable.
Click on the protein counts, or double click on taxonomic names to display all proteins containing HTH_XRE domain in the selected taxonomic class.
- Literature (relevant references for this domain)
Primary literature is listed below; Automatically-derived, secondary literature is also avaliable.
- Wood HE, Devine KM, McConnell DJ
- Characterisation of a repressor gene (xre) and a temperature-sensitive allele from the Bacillus subtilis prophage, PBSX.
- Gene. 1990; 96: 83-8
- Display abstract
The defective prophage of Bacillus subtilis 168, PBSX, is a chromosomally based element which encodes a non-infectious phage-like particle with bactericidal activity. PBSX is induced by agents which elicit the SOS response. In a PBSX thermoinducible strain which carries the xhi1479 mutation, PBSX is induced by raising the growth temperature from 37 degrees C to 48 degrees C. A 1.2-kb fragment has been cloned which complements the xhi1479 mutation. The nucleotide sequence of this fragment contains an open reading frame (ORF) which encodes a protein of 113 amino acids (aa). This aa sequence resembles that of other bacteriophage repressors and suggests that the N-terminal region forms a helix-turn-helix motif, typical of the DNA-binding domain of many bacterial regulatory proteins. The ORF is preceded by four 15-bp direct repeats, each of which contains an internal palindromic sequence, and by sequences resembling a SigA-dependent promoter. The nt sequence of an equivalent fragment from the PBSX thermoinducible strain has also been determined. There are three aa differences within the ORF compared to the wild type, one of which lies within the helix-turn-helix segment. This ORF encodes a repressor protein of PBSX.
- Mondragon A, Subbiah S, Almo SC, Drottar M, Harrison SC
- Structure of the amino-terminal domain of phage 434 repressor at 2.0 A resolution.
- J Mol Biol. 1989; 205: 189-200
- Display abstract
The crystal structure of the amino-terminal domain of phage 434 repressor has been solved using molecular replacement methods and refined to an R-factor of 19.3% against data to 2.0 A resolution. The protein comprises five short alpha-helices. Two of these form a helix-turn-helix motif, very similar to those found in related proteins. The protein is remarkably similar to the Cro protein from the same phage.
- Metabolism (metabolic pathways involving proteins which contain this domain)
-
- Structure (3D structures containing this domain)
3D Structures of HTH_XRE domains in PDB
- Links (links to other resources describing this domain)
-20
Dec
I’ve mentioned before that I don’t like to write about mileage earning credit card or financial service offers. The reasons:
• They change too frequently and it’s a challenge to track them all.
• There are several other bloggers that cover the subject far better than I ever could.
• It’s a boring subject.
Don’t get me wrong, I read some of the same blogs that you probably read, and I sign up for many of the offers too, but writing about them isn’t any fun (for me).
If I had to give any advice, it would be this: get a Citicard, a Chase card, an American Express, and fly a lot. Done.
However, I do cover the subject from time to time if I think it might be useful for others. And that’s what I’m doing today, but before I get to the topic remember this: I don’t earn money or have any affiliate relationship with any bank or credit card company. Also, you should carefully evaluate the merit of any bank or credit card offers and decide for yourself whether or not any particular one is right for you.
A couple of months ago I wrote about Citibank discontinuing their Addvantage debit – checking accounts. I and others were sad to see the card go away. And while I carry a Citi AAdvantage Mastercard and American Express in my money clip, and use both cards to earn miles, I’ve never liked using them for small purchases.
The reason why (and I suspect I’m a little old school in this regard) is that I prefer to track my spending using my checking account. I receive electronic payments each month from software royalties and consulting fees, so for me, being able to view incoming and outgoing payments from one single site is far easier than following income and expenses through several different sites.
After Citibank discontinued their AAdvantage debit card, I figured I’d just have to start using my credit card more often, and learn to live with tracking my credit card accounts more closely, but then I remembered an offer I found a few months ago from a bank that was offering AAdvantage miles for debit card purchases. From DepositAccounts.com:
Bank of Internet has launched UFB Direct with two products: an Airline Rewards Savings Accounts and an Airlines Rewards Checking Account. Both of these allow customers to earn miles/points. The feature that is most noteworthy is the interest rate of the savings account. It’s 1.30% APY for all balances (as of 8/4/2011).
At the time I decided not to write about it for a few reasons:
• As I’ve already explained, I don’t like to cover financial products and services
• I had never heard of UFB Direct bank
• And while I had come across the Bank of Internet name before, other than thinking “Bank of (the) Internet” was a better name, I had no opinion about them.
So I did a little research, and it turns out the UFB Direct has been around for a while. There’s even a long dead thread over at FlyerTalk discussing them, and it turns out the the original UFB Direct was closed by the Office of Thrift Supervision in March 2010. The Bank of Internet acquired the UFB Direct name and URL. From MyBankTracker:.
I remembered Bank of Interent from the Dot Com era but had forgotten about them a long time ago, then I found this investment analysis buried in one of my RSS feeds. From SeekingAlpha:
Before we get to the numbers, it’s important to explain some of the distinguishing aspects of BOFI’s business model. Bank of Internet is an internet bank, and the only publicly traded internet bank in the United States as far as we know.
At the core, BOFI is a relatively simple story. The bank has historically had commendable loan underwriting, and its current asset portfolio appears conservative and straightforward.
Finally, I decided to call the bank and ask a few questions. The customer service representative was helpful and friendly, and confirmed that they offered AAdvantage Miles (something that isn’t apparent online). From the UFB Direct website:
Earn rewards for everyday banking:
1 mile/point for every $2.00 Point of Sale (POS) debit transaction posted to your account.
You’ll receive a one-time additional 1,000 Miles/Points after having a direct deposit totaling $1,000 or more in one calendar month.
Earning miles/points is automatic — when opening your account you just select your participating Airline and enter your Mileage Rewards number. Your airline miles accumulate as you use your debit card for Point of Sale (POS) transactions.
So I decided to open an account.
Opening an account online was an easy (though kind of creepy) process. Easy, because all I had to do was provide contact information and a tax ID number. Creepy, because as part of the verification process was asked to confirm some information that was presented to me in the form of five multiple choice questions.
For example: “Select the address that belongs to a relative”. I was offered four addresses, one of which belongs to my sister. While I know that this information probably comes from a credit report, it’s still a little surprising how much of our personal information is on file somewhere.
After I finished the verification process, I was given an account number, and then I funded the account with an electronic transfer from my Citibank account.
Anyway, I opened the account two weeks ago, and Friday I received my new debit cards (checking and savings). Incidentally, they’re branded “Bank of Internet” rather that “UFB Direct”. The miles I earn with each transaction are supposed to be earned within 60 days after the end of each statement cycle.
I’m still planning to keep my Citibank account, though I may later decide to close it, and I’ll probably still end up using my Citi AAdvantage cards more often, but for now, my plan is to use my Bank of Internet debit card for all my smaller transactions (Starbucks, restaurants, car wash, dry cleaning, and American Airlines inflight snack purchases).
Remember, this isn’t an endorsement, I’m not advocating or suggesting that anyone open a UFB Direct or Bank of Internet account. I’ll keep you posted and let you know how it works out.
Photo credits
Santa Air Express – by Doug Waldron on Flickr
Bank of Internet Visa Debit Card – by AAdvantage Geek on Flickr
Rapid Travel Chai said,
Great, detailed post, on a topic no one else is covering. I am not hard-core enough to do this for AA miles, but it is great to learn about it.
aadvantagegeek said,
@ RTC – Thanks! I’m not sure that I’m hard core enough either, but it might turn out to be a great way for me to earn some extra miles, one Venti Americano at a time.
Darren said,
Very nice find. I’m strongly considering this… will have more time next week to fully review it, but looks promising. Thanks for posting!
Is UFB Direct miles for banking offer legit? - Page 4 - FlyerTalk Forums said,
[…] According to this post:…-the-internet/ this bank is back alive doing AA miles again. The blogger links to this page: […]
John said,
“Bank products and services are offered by BofI Federal Bank. Deposit accounts held at UFB Direct are FDIC insured through BofI Federal Bank. All deposit accounts held at BofI Federal Bank are combined and insured under the same FDIC Certificate 35546. Deposit accounts held at UFB Direct are not separately insured by the FDIC from other deposit accounts held at BofI Federal Bank.”
What does this mean – “are not separately insured”?
aadvantagegeek said,
Hi John, It used to be that the FDIC provided $100,000 insurance per account, but in 2010 that changed when the government raised the insurance coverage to $250,000L now it’s $250,000 per depositor for any single institution.
Here’s how it’s described in an update on the FDIC website:
These new limits apply to all banking institutions and not just BofI.
There is an exception though, certain non-intrest bearing accounts are covered separately up to any amount through December 31, 2012.
Thanks for writing!
Kathy (Will Run For Miles) said,
whatever happened with this?
aadvantagegeek said,
@ Kathy (Will Run for Miles) – I should have written a follow up post, but never got around to it. I like UFB, and I earn some miles from them every month, but I find myself using my Citi AAdvantage Mastercard more often just because it’s more convenient.
When I first started using UFB they didn’t offer an easy way to make deposits, I had to transfer the money from my Citi checking account. Now they make it easy, customers can scan and deposit checks from their home computer or your iPhone. Unfortunately, I’m such a creature of habit I haven’t gotten around to making a complete switch.
They’re a legitimate bank, their customers service people are helpful and friendly, and I’ve never had a problem getting my miles. If someone is looking for a way to earn miles from their checking, or just looking for a bank account that doesn’t have any fees, UFB is a great option.
Thanks for stopping by the blog!
Add A CommentBogart's Smokehouse Now Open in Soulard
At the height of their first lunch rush today, barbecue mastermind Skip Steele stepped outside Bogart's Smokehouse, his small joint across from Soulard Market, to take a phone call. Dogs on their afternoon walk stopped to give Steele the once-over, straining at their leashes towards the open door and the heavy smell of smoked meat.
"Food and Wine is sending a reporter. Not bad for the first day," Steele said as he came inside after being thoroughly investigated by a Weimaraner.
Not bad at all. The small dining room was full through most of the lunch rush with a line stretching to the door. Diners rotated through a communal table the length of the room and a few four-tops to the side with dozens of carry-out orders zipping in and out. The staff, filled with barbecue veterans from Steele's days with Supersmokers and Pappy's Smokehouse, kept the pace.
Steele's new offerings differentiate his new venture from the places he's been before. There's the pastrami, pale pink and thinly sliced, buzzing with the flavor of vinegary corning brine. When he approached a Chicago company to help him develop a pastrami brine, Steele was told they couldn't do that. He persisted, and damn if they didn't get it right.
While Pappy's is no slouch in the hot sausage department, Steele makes some more changes with the Sausage Fatty. Instead of a link, it's three thick patties that look like well-seasoned meatloaf. The subtle blend of spices makes a broad palette for the sauces. The sweet-tart Pineapple Express and deceptively thin Mad Maddie's Vinegar both compliment the sausage. The real treat is the bread. Don't eat it as a sandwich - eat the meat and save the bottom bun for last. The Portuguese roll from Companion soaks up the flavor of the sausage in a dense white bread that's hearty enough to handle it.
Most surprising isn't the pastrami, or the presence of prime rib on the menu. It's Steele's new twist on brisket, which is often treated as the bastard cousin when barbecue's discussed in St. Louis. Instead of thick slabs intended to carry sticky-sweet Kansas City-style sauce, this brisket is sliced as thin as the pastrimi, then added to soak in an au jus made from the liquid rendered during the smoking. The finished product doesn't need a knife. It doesn't even need a fork, because it's so tender it shreds with the touch of a finger. For its delicate texture the brisket carries a complex flavor of beef, smoke, and spice. The Portuguese roll dipped in the leftover au jus is almost as good as the post-sausage bun.
Side dishes are all outstanding, with beans that have been in the pit for 14 hours and potato salad and slaw reminiscent of Sunday lunch at Grandma's. The best, though, has to be the heaping piles of barbecue pork skins. They're fresh and crisp with a dusting of a seasoning rub that starts sweet and ends with a bit of bite. They would be fantastic piled on a pulled pork sandwich.
Bogart's has been a highly anticipated addition to ever-evolving Soulard. It was worth the wait.
Bogart's Smokehouse
1627 South 9th Street
St. Louis, MO 63104
314-621-3107
Location Info
Sponsor ContentTo Be Released October 18, 2011
From our friends north of the border comes a band full of energy, inspiration and a contemporary take on traditional spiritual values. They portray the Christian messages intended clearly while adding in certain folk/contemporary flairs.
As their name implies, The City Harmonic offers close-knit harmonies with the message of hope and forgiveness thrown in. With the Canadian foursome’s creativity, they combine to create a rather interesting style of music. If you were to mix a Coldplay-style piano with some of Need to Breath’s acoustic and Hillsong’s synth and vocal style, The City Harmonic is what you would get.
I must admit the first band I thought of was Kings of Leon as soon as the first few chords of the first song Yours was played. The way in which they incorporated catchy melodies and upright piano sounds, along with great lyrics, into their music immediately caught my attention:
All hopes, all my dreams, all my hopes all my thoughts.
All the things I’ve loved,
All my sin, all my fear, all my sorrow for the things I’ve done.
You can have it all, it’s Yours, all of it! Yours! All of it! Yours!
Songs such as Be Still, O My Soul evoke a solitary figure sitting at the piano, singing introspectively to the Lord in a very devotional style.
I enjoyed the CD very much. Their sound, in my opinion, could be a bit more unique. It sounded a bit generic, but with today’s contemporary Christian music industry, everything is beginning to sound the same to me. New inspiration, vision and diversity is definitely needed for artists today and I believe that these young men have the makings of something spectacular. I wish them only the best in their years to come and I cannot wait to hear more and to see where God will lead them in the future.
-Reviewed by Tyler Cummings
1 comment:
Don't you love it when they take off mid-diaper change especially when the contents are not so lovely? What a handsome little man! I hope you're loving MI. Be sure to get over to Lake MI for a swim later this summer.One of the recurring media myths of this election is that Vince Cable is universally popular and trusted as the only truth-teller in the land. Jon Sopel dared to stray from the script when he interviewed Saint Vince on the “Politics Show” and put the Liberal Democrats treasury man on the spot. The exchanges were, as Tim Montgomerie pointed out, very revealing.
Several days ago the Lib Dems unveiled a tax bombshell poster claiming to show what the Tories would make voters pay in increased VAT. As I have remarked before, when Nick Clegg did his back of an envelope sums relating to the deficit live on the “Today” program, if a party’s supposed unique selling point is that only it has been honest enough to make properly costed proposals then it had be better sure it is not plucking figures out of the air. If you claim the moral high ground, best not get caught in the gutter.
Iain Martin is Deputy Editor of the Wall Street Journal Europe. He writes on politics.May 31, 2014
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - Louisiana Tech added three more advancing marks to Eugene, Oregon and the 2014 NCAA Championships as action concluded at the NCAA East Preliminary Championships at Hodges Stadium in Jacksonville Saturday.
The three additional advancing entries give Louisiana Tech a total of five entries heading into the semifinal and final rounds at the NCAA Championships set for June 11-14 at historic Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon.
Louisiana Tech will have two Bulldogs doubling up in Eugene with Jarvis Gotch and Trey Hadnot both advancing in two separate events. Gotch - a junior that moved on in the long jump Thursday - ran the opening leg of the 4x100m relay that finished ninth overall, fourth in their heat. Hadnot ran the second leg of the relay team that posted a time of 39.60 and he will return to the NCAA Championships in the 4x100m relay for the second consecutive year along with Devin Henderson and Dennis Richardson. Hadnot, Henderson and Richardson were all on the relay squad that finished 12th at last year's NCAA Championships in Eugene.
Hadnot also advanced in the 200m as the native of Ruston, Louisiana posted a time of 20.79. A senior, Hadnot will bookend his collegiate career with appearances at the NCAA Championships after advancing his freshman season (2011) to finish 16th overall. He failed to advance past the quarterfinal round at the East Prelims the last two seasons due to injuries.
Kim Francis will make an appearance in the semifinal round of the NCAA Championships for the third year in a row as she ran 13.04 to finish eighth overall and fourth in her heat. Francis - a product of Youngsville, Louisiana - has recorded back-to-back 21st-place finishes the last two years at the NCAA Championships.
The Louisiana Tech women's 4x400m relay squad of Craddock, Taneka Henderson, Mia Adams and Aldresha Bailey ended their season as the quartet ran 3:40.13 to finish 21st overall.
For complete coverage of Tech Track and Field and Cross Country, please follow @LATechTandF on Twitter or visit the official home of Louisiana Tech Athletics at LATechSports.com.Jul 21, 2009 12:56 PM
Discussion
Penelope in Oakland?
I met some friends there for happy hour last Friday. The shady sidewalk seating is delightful on a warm afternoon. Small but very hip selection of draft beers. Full bar. They should add some bar snacks--they had just the lunch menu of soup, sandwiches, and salads. One of my friends had the soup, it looked and smelled great and he said it was good.
-----
Penelope
555 12th St, Oakland, CAUser Profile
HawkeyeWii
I am a diehard Nintendo fan!
Male, 21, United States
I love Nintendo and everything about it! No one makes games like they do.
- Joined:
- Thu 3rd March, 2011
- Website:
-
Male, 21, United States
I love Nintendo and everything about it! No one makes games like they do.
#1
HawkeyeWii commented on Nintendo Classics in the Running for Inaugural...:
@LavaTwilight Yeah you're right, I must have missed Space Invaders. Ya know though. I almost think that Donkey Kong should also be in the lineup. Pretty revolutionary in not only arcade games but platforming.
#2
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Sin & Punishment: Successor of the Skie...:
One of the great Wii games that I missed out on. No better time to get it than now I suppose.
#3
HawkeyeWii commented on Nintendo Classics in the Running for Inaugural...:
If they are only choosing one, it should be between Pac-Man, Pong, SMB, or Tetris.
#4
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Which Characters Do You Want to Win the ...:
The Metroid series needs more love than any of the others. Look how many Mario characters there are. Like come on, even if it is a copy cat Samus character, I would love to either see Dark Samus or a Space Pirate in the game.
#5
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Where Do You Stand On DeNA, Smart Device...:
I want to be excited, but we still don't know much about it. I have read a bit about the subject, but I would like someone to confirm if this is actually going to be a physical phone/portable device, or that Nintendo will start making their classic games for iOS and Android, etc..
#6
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Nintendo Star Makes Brief Cameo Appeara...:
I'd have high hopes if this was with any other actor other than Sandler. It will probably be a pretty good movie, only for him to ruin it.
#7
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Many Crates Were Harmed in the Making o...:
Haha that was pretty cool. Could they go higher though?
#8
HawkeyeWii commented on Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Budoten is Fighting Its...:
I could really use a DBZ game. They are one of those franchises I love to get at least one per console for.
#9
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Xenoblade Chronicles 3D Visuals Stand U...:
Wow that's pretty amazing. Just imagine how good the next Nintendo handheld will look. Wii U graphics on the go.
#10
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Guess What, Super Mario Sunshine Looks ...:
I'd like to see either SMS or F-Zero GX get an HD remaster for Wii U. They would both look gorgeous in HD.
#11
HawkeyeWii commented on Review: The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3D ...:
I've never played this game. So this is as good of a time as ever to get it.
#12
HawkeyeWii commented on Weirdness: Katy Perry Accessorizes With A Wii ...:
My roommate and I thought that looked awfully like a Wii Remote wrist strap haha.
#13
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: You NEED To Play Metroid Prime Trilogy:
Metroid Prime has been my favorite game for a long time, with good reason. It is THAT good! Holds up today so well.
#14
HawkeyeWii commented on Week Three of the eShop Throwback Sale Goes Li...:
I'd get trilogy if they remastered it in HD.
#15
HawkeyeWii commented on Unused Textures in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U...:
Let's be honest. Dr. Mario is the laziest excuse for a character. He is nothing more than a skin for Mario. What a waste of a character slot.
#16
HawkeyeWii commented on Weirdness: Hands Up If You Knew About the Supe...:
Took me a while to figure that out as well. I've been playing that as far back as I can remember in the mid 90's and I just recently figured that out a few years ago.
#17
HawkeyeWii commented on Not Everyone is Thrilled That Metroid Prime Tr...:
I got a physical copy of it, right when it came out for $49.99.
#18
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Nintendo's Year of Multiplayer Gaming on...:
Splatoon looks so original and fun! Can't wait.
#19
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Donkey Kong Country Returns...To Wii U:
I honestly hates the sequel's controls on Wii U. The original Donkey Kong Country Returns was great with single remote and shake for roll.
#20
HawkeyeWii commented on Feature: 20 Wii Games We'd Love To Download Fr...:
I'd love to see Sin and Punishment, both No More Heroes, Little Kings Story, and Red Steel 2 come to the eshop. They are some of the only great Wii games I never owned.
I take that back, I owned the first No More Heroes but sold it a couple years after I played the crap out of it.
#21
HawkeyeWii commented on Resident Evil 4 Was Almost A Very Different Ex...:
Idk how this is news. I have known this for years.
#22
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: Nintendo Drops a Legend of Zelda: Major...:
So this will be compatible with old 3DS's?
#23
HawkeyeWii commented on First Impressions: We're Really Feeling It Wit...:
@FritzFrapp I dont understand why they need to make entirely new software. Is the New Nintendo 3DS a new engine. Like is it like the difference between the Gameboy and Gameboy Advance?
#24
HawkeyeWii commented on First Impressions: We're Really Feeling It Wit...:
So do you need a "New" 3DS to use this software, or 3DS works?
#25
HawkeyeWii commented on NF Magazine 2015 Renewals & New Subscriptions ...:
I miss Nintendo Power so much! I loved the heck out of that magazine. I tried subcribing to NF magazine last year but it seemed like a difficult process and I never ended up subscribing.
#26
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: This Incredible Retro Gaming Collection...:
That is really interesting! I have seen lots of different videogame collections but never collections of kiosks. Very cool.
#27
HawkeyeWii commented on Review: NES Remix Pack (Wii U):
Great time for me to get this then. I always wanted to get remix since it was announced and never ended up getting either of them.
#28
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Which is the Best Pokémon Game?:
Heart Gold and Soul Silver are great remakes of the best pokemon games. Easy choice for me.
#29
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Which is the Best Super Smash Bros. Game?:
Melee was and still is too good. Biggest leap the series has seen. Runs faster than any of the other games, which makes it great for competitive matches
#30
HawkeyeWii commented on Sony Pictures Is In Negotiations With Nintendo...:
Yes but only if it is animated and animated only. No live action what so ever. I think they could make some very good movies. I would still like to see Mario in the next Wreck it Ralph.
#31
HawkeyeWii commented on Toys "R" Us Buy One Get One 40% Off Deal Inclu...:
So this is for any Toys R Us in the US right? Not just particular ones?
#32
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: This Is What Watch Dogs Looks Like On W...:
Looks good, but way too late of a release.
#33
HawkeyeWii commented on Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker Evolved From a ...:
I wonder how large of a game this will be. I'm looking forward to this.
#34
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Who'll Be Your Main amiibo Buddy?:
Samus all the way!
#35
HawkeyeWii commented on Table Top Racing: World Tour Dev Isn't Sure Ab...:
I have to agree with his concerns. To be honest, I probably would not bring it to Wii U. I would consider it for 3DS though.
#36
HawkeyeWii commented on Video: The Top 10 Mario Platformers, As Select...:
You can definitely tell it was fan vote, by the fact that the original Super Mario Bros. is last on the list...
The original is easily in my top 3.
#37
HawkeyeWii commented on Preview: Power Sliding Around The Legend of Ze...:
And this is why Nintendo should have considered DLC a long time ago. I can only hope that we get packs like this for Super Smash Bros. on Wii U. Maybe 2 characters and 3 stages per pack?
#38
HawkeyeWii commented on The Man Behind Sega's Wonder Boy Series Hates ...:
He is basically critisizing the Bible of videogame controls.
#39
HawkeyeWii commented on Pikachu Takes Centre Stage at Macy's Thanksgiv...:
The balloon sounds pretty tall and wide, but 6 bikes doesn't seem very long for a balloon.
#40
HawkeyeWii commented on Slender: The Arrival Is Stalking Its Way To Th...:
Is this the original slender game?
#41
HawkeyeWii commented on Super Smash Bros. for Wii U Live Nintendo Dire...:
@BensonUii Funny stuff haha. Where did you get that pic. I want to send it to some of my friends.
#42
HawkeyeWii commented on Nintendo 64x64: Mario Kart 64:
150cc is compartively a walk in the park??? 150cc on banshee boardwalk is so hard to get 1st. And if you do in fact think 150cc is so easy. Play Mirror. This game is sooo much better thn Super Mario Kart it isn't even funny. This franchise was made for 3D not 2D.
#43
HawkeyeWii commented on Super Smash Bros. for Nintendo 3DS Brings Circ...:
That sucks. I never thought about this. But it makes complete sense. My friends and I play smash rose games really hard with the controller, so I would like to see how long it lasts for me.
#44
HawkeyeWii commented on Nintendo 64x64: Doom 64:
Best in the franchise... please....
DOOM was and still is the best first person shooter. DOOM64 is good but it is missing all the fantastic music of the first two games. It is kind of the oddball of the franchise.
#45
HawkeyeWii commented on Zen Studios Announces Another Three Tables for...:
Count me in for some Guardians of the Galaxy!
#46
HawkeyeWii commented on Feature: HD Remasters That Would Be Perfect fo...:
Metroid Prime Trilogy in HD would melt my eyeballs away! Talk about gorgeous!
#47
HawkeyeWii commented on Hardware Review: 8Bitdo NES30 Bluetooth Contro...:
@maxcriden It's called an emulator.
#48
HawkeyeWii commented on Capcom Is Remastering The GameCube Resident Ev...:
It is about time!!!!! An HD remaster is long, long, overdue for this fantastic videogame. The graphics for this still hold up amazingly and could easily be mistaken for a game from last gen. I am a little disappointed however that it isn't coming to Wii U in some way. I have this on Wii, but you can bet that I'll get this day one for PS3.
#49
HawkeyeWii commented on Sony: PS4 Is "Welcoming Back" Wii Owners Who S...:
I am definitely in that crowd. I would love to see all the God of Wars and Uncharted games in this fashion and I will buy a PS4. There are also a lot of resident evil games I missed out on that were on it.
#50
HawkeyeWii commented on Poll: Which Is The Best Legend Of Zelda Game?:
I still think both versions of Ocarina and Windwaker should be clumped as one game instead of split into 2 each.Robson Suites
Robson Suites
Hotel Guest Rating: 9.1/10
777 Bidwell Street
Vancouver, BC V6G 3B9
Robson Suites
Free underground parking is offered in this Vancouver all-suite hotel. Located in the West End just 12 minutes' walk from English Bay Beach, this hotel offers rooms fully furnished with kitchens.Free Wi-Fi, an iPod docking station, a lounge and a flat-screen cable TV are featured in all rooms at Robson Suites. A balcony and a patio are included. Laundry facilities are provided.A business centre, tour desk and currency exchange service are available on site at Suites Robson Vancouver. A shuttle service is offered. This pet-friendly hotel also offers a floor designated for guests bringing their pets.Stanley Park Pitch and Putt is 13 minutes' walk from this hotel. Vancouver Convention Centre is 1.5 km away. ...read more
Robson Suites Amenities
- Air conditioning
- Concierge service
- Currency exchange
- Family rooms
- Free parking
- Free WiFi
- Heating
- Internet services
- Lift
- Luggage storage
- Newspapers
- Non-smoking rooms
- Non-smoking throughout
- On-site parking
- Pets allowed
- Private parking
- Safety deposit box
- Shuttle service (free)
- Terrace
- Tour desk
- WiFi
- WiFi available in all areas
Hotel Information
You must show a valid photo ID and credit card upon check-in. Please note that all special requests cannot be guaranteed and are subject to availability upon check-in. Additional charges may apply.Please note, dogs are accepted with a small fee. All pet inquiries can be made to the hotel directly.
Hotel Guest Reviews of the Robs
Nice full kitchen, clean, quiet, wonderful friendly staff. Close to a lot of shopping and eating. Very nice place to stay.
January 21, 2014
Family Traveling with Young Children
July 26, 2013
Family Traveling with Young Children
Vancouver is a overpriced town, so I did not expect to get much value out of the hotels. The hotel is in a great location to walk around town. The parking is free and secure. People are nice. For short visit, we only needed a clean place to sleep and it worked out great. But it is not a fancy place and don't expect too much from it.
March 19, 2013
Solo Traveler
Tis is a great hotel located in the hub of downtown Vancouver. Within walking distance to parks, shopping and great coffee. The hotel staff is accommodating and available in a myriad of ways!
May 14, 2012
Business Traveler
November 10, 2010
Couple
price.
Great location, nice room, low price and
helpful staff.
July 28, 2010
Family Traveling with Teens
June 30, 2010
Couple
We were welcomed warmly and helped inside with our luggage. The suite was ready and we were provided with laundry soap which was greatly appreciated after the cruise. There is free WIFI and a laptop which can be borrowed. Everything was immaculate and having a kitchen made breakfast easy.
April 7, 2010
Solo Traveler
very safe. Walk to Stanley Park. Suite for low price.
Great hotel with secure free parking right in the downtown core. Next to Whole Foods, Safeway, and Canadian Liquor Store! Many small restaurants on same block. Also, walking distance to major shopping core, but hotel also offers shuttle. The room had a wonderful glass patio for people watching.
April 3, 2010
Solo Traveler
Close to downtown, self contained and very helpful staff plus free internet
(1 - 10 of 10 reviews)
- Chez Sylvie
from $178 (0.1mi)
- The Westin Bayshore Vancouver
from $275 (0.1mi)
- Times Square Suites
from $146 (0.1mi)
- Lord Stanley Suites On The Park
from $187 (0.2mi)
- Mondeliving Robsonliving
(0.2mi)
- Kitanoya Guu (0mi)
- Kingyo (0.1mi)
- Le Bistro de Paris (0.1mi)
- Le Gavroche (0.1mi)
- Nook (0.1mi)
- Stanley Park (0.6mi)
- Vancouver Aquarium Marine Science Centre (0.8mi)
- Vancouver Art Gallery (0.8mi)
- Vancouver Maritime Museum (1.2)BASeCamp 'Survival Chests' Chest Randomizer plugin
Version 2.0, Written for Bukkit API 1.5. (Should work on 1.4.7, as well). Requires WorldEdit for Arena Generation features.
BASeCamp Survival Chests is a plugin designed to help in the organization and management of survival-based, Minecraft gameplay. Features include:
-Chest Randomization and respawn/repopulation
-Simple Game Tracking
-Death Message Modifications,
-Mob Fight/Mob Arena Mode, which spawns hordes of Mobs with randomized equipment and potion effects with which to do battle while competing for points, either by yourself, or with other players.
-Arena Generation, which includes inserting schematics into the generated arena, with a bedrock border.
- 9 comments
- 9 comments
Facts
- Date created
- Jan 17, 2013
- Category
-
- Last update
- Jun 26, 2013
- Development stage
- Beta
- Language
- enUS
- License
- BSD License
- Curse link
- BASeCamp Survival/Chests
- Downloads
- 1,033
- Recent files
- B: Version 2.1 for Bukkit 1.5.2 for 1.5.2 Jun 26, 2013
- B: Version 2.0 for Bukkit 1.5.1 for 1.5.1 Apr 05, 2013
- B: Version 1.6 for Bukkit 1.4.7R0.2 for CB 1.4.7-R0.1 Jan 24, 2013
- B: Version 1.5 for CB 1.4.7 for CB 1.4.7-R0.1 Jan 23, 2013
- B: Beta 1.4 for CB 1.4.6-R0.3 for CB 1.4.6-R0.3 Jan 18, 2013
Can you make it run off a command block?
I have it working now, but I've moved it to the 1.5 API, so I'm aiming for when the Bukkit 1.5 build get's to beta to finish up the set of features I want (which aside from the repopulation stuff, includes the ability for players to have a set number of lives, a Score Tally that records who killed whom (intended to be used with the 1.5 scoreboard eventually) and mobs that have silly names in MobFight/MobArena mode.
the jar on github will usually be kept relatively up to date with my progress. be warned that as a very much dev build it is likely to have a lot of bugs and issues.
If I get the time I might try to backdate it for bukkit 1.4.7 since currently there are only a few places I know of that use 1.5 specific API features.
@BC_Programming: Go
That sounds awesome! And yea it would be better all around if it did that to. Could you give an estimate as to when that would be implemented into the plugin.
@ReeseWilt: Go
I've been considering a few avenues for how that could happen. A cheap way would be to just regenerate all the chests again after a given delay, but the direction I'm leaning towards is towards is to repopulate a chest a given delay after it's last access instead, which will take a bit more time but will probably make the entire thing work better all-around.
Can you make it so that you can set a time interval as to when the chests re generate?
Creat plugin :p
I'd edited/simplified the description. The 'readme.txt' in the jar contains much the same thing that was originally in the description.
EDIT: the readme is also a separate page now. Another plugin dev has informed me that people might not go spelunking in the jar for the readme :P
Holy hell... That's a big wall.
"omg chakyl that signature makes me want to shove rabid badgers up your various orifices." -1337ingDisorder
I'd suggest making this page look appealing because the plugin looks interesting but reading the description looks like to much work...
I have moved to SpigotMc.org If you would like to continue to get updates, please visit my projects there.Seattle Sonics Blog
Seattle SuperSonics and NBA news, including the latest information on the proposed new Seattle arena and the quest to bring the Sonics back to Seattle.
Yearly Archive for 2007
Post-game vs. Chicago
Well. [Read More]
Pre-game vs. Chicago
OK, the good news is that forward Rashard Lewis has been cleared to practice fully with the team and he is expected to return to the practice court Tuesday in Indianapolis. He could make his return Feb. 10 against Sacramento. So if the Sonics can somehow win a couple of games before then, perhaps they can make the playoff run the organization has been talking about for weeks. Lewis has been taking shots with his right hand and appears comfortable but he will have to get back into playing shape and also strengthen the hand. [Read More], so let’s get to the good news for the Sonics. The Mavericks will be without Josh Howard tonight because of the birth of his first child. He was placed on the inactive list and will not be in uniform. Devean George will start for Dallas and the Sonics will certainly take that trade. The Mavs lose 20 points per game and solid defense. [Read More]
Show MoreNEW YORK Pimco Total Return, the world's largest bond fund, suffered record large outflows in June, in a second straight month of withdrawals amid carnage in the bond market that have reduced the fund's assets by 8.5 percent, data from Morningstar showed on Tuesday..
The fund's assets now stand at roughly $268 billion, down from a peak of $292.9 billion in April, Morningstar said. The fund's assets are at their lowest since June 2012, when they stood at $263.4 billion, Morningstar said..
Pimco, a unit of European financial services company Allianz SE, had $2.04 trillion in assets as of the end of March, according to the firm's website.
Pimco was not the only bond fund to see withdrawals last month.
The DoubleLine Total Return Bond Fund, the flagship fund of DoubleLine Capital LP run by Jeffrey Gundlach, had outflows of $1.2 billion last month, the first month it saw outflows since its inception in April 2010, according to Morningstar. The fund, which now has $38.7 billion in assets, had inflows of $293.6 million in May.
Bonds began suffering a broad selloff after the chairman of the Federal Reserve, Ben Bernanke, on May 22 said that the U.S. central bank could reduce its bond-buying later this year if the economy looked strong enough.
The Fed's monthly purchases of $85 billion in Treasuries and agency mortgage securities, part of the central bank's efforts to spur the economy, have been a source of huge support for both the bond and equity markets.
The bond selling continued through much of June after Bernanke repeated his stance at the close of the Fed's latest policy meeting on June 19 and added that the Fed could end its stimulus altogether by mid-2014.
Some bond managers, including Gross, have been trying to settle investors' nerves, saying the flight from bonds, which pushed the yield on the benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note up 36 basis points to 2.49 percent in June, is overdone. Yields on bonds move inversely to their prices.
Pimco Total Return had 37 percent of its portfolio invested in U.S. Treasury securities at the end of May, its largest position, according to Pimco's website.
The future of Pimco Total Return depends on whether the fund's bet on Treasuries rebounds, said Todd Rosenbluth, director of mutual fund research at S&P Capital IQ.
"The fund is making a bet that has not worked in the last two months, and whether or not it can hold on to assets is going to be tied to whether or not that bet works," Rosenbluth said...
DoubleLine Total Return was down 1.74 percent in June, marking its weakest monthly return since it was set up. For the year, the fund is down just 0.34 percent, better than 96 percent of peers.
Los Angeles-based DoubleLine has roughly $57 billion in assets.
(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Editing by Andre Grenon and Leslie Adler)Soundtrack Artists Lyrics
Overview / Lyrics (see all) / Photos / Videos / News
correct
- In This Game Lyrics by Young Thug
- I'm Into You Lyrics by Jennifer Lopez
- Save The World Tonight Lyrics by Swedish House Mafia
- Birthday Lyrics by Katy Perry
- Vogue Lyrics by Rihanna
- Uma Thurman Lyrics by Fall Out Boy
- Criminal Lyrics by Britney Spears
- I Lived Lyrics by OneRepublic
- Who Says Lyrics by Selena Gomez
- Cheerleader Lyrics by Omi
- A Love Like War Lyrics by All Time Low
- Moment Like You Lyrics by Lia Marie Johnson
- Crash My Party Lyrics by Luke Bryan
- Wanderlust Lyrics by The Weeknd
- Till It Hurts Lyrics by Yellow ClawDomestic compulsions had forced India to look inward, which led it to lose focus on the international front during the early years after Independence, External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid said Tuesday.
Addressing a function organised by Indo-Arab League, Khurshid said as the world moved very fast, India could not keep pace.
He said at that time, India had to grow more food to feed its people, provide water, power, education, jobs and it had to reform its economic structure.
"Somewhere India lost the focus on international relations and India turned inwards... we were obviously far away from our commitment to self reliance. So while committing itself to some of its own domestic concerns, India lost its salient features of its attention globally," he said.
Voicing support for cause of Palestine, he said, "We never stopped being your friends. We never stopped feeling the pain that you felt. We never stopped celebrating your moments of joy that you had."
Image: External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid
this
Comment
articleThe playground consists of the blacktop, grass field, and dirt areas behind the school.
Teachers or designated adults bring students to the blacktop area for recess and bring them back to the classroom at the end of the recess period.
Students are to remain on the playground until time to return to class.
Playing around the bungalows is not allowed.
Students are expected to respect one another and to follow game rules.
Fighting and intimidation are not allowed.
Food and drinks are allowed in designated areas only. Healthy snacks only, please.
Students may not run on the blacktop areas unless involved in an organized game.
Students must use playground equipment in a safe manner and only when there is adult supervision.Whitaker and Woods
Phone: (202) 646-0282
Address: 300 D Street
Washington, DC 20319-5078
Areas of Practice: Dentists
Choosing the appropriate dentist is a very essential decision. Maintaining good health with your pearly whites and mouth is extremely important and may influence your personal and professional life. When you meet someone new among the first issues you notice is their smile. Taking care of your teeth is extremely important, and choosing the right dentist in Washington is a big part of that process. In this article I will reveal to you some methods to choose the right dentist.
Before you decide to do anything else, you need to figure out what you’re looking for. What type of service do you think you’re most interested in? Major services or perhaps some simple cleanings? Are you interested in braces for your teeth or getting teeth bleached? If you’re just looking for basic teeth cleaning care then you won’t need to be as particular.
Next, you will want to find out about your dentists history and education. Also discover information about the practice. Are there several dentists in Washington, DC who are available there or is it simply a solo practice. Deciding on a dental office who specializes in that which you are looking for is a good idea. Ask for pictures of previous work done. This will give you a great idea of the quality of the work.
The last thing you need to do is examine the price. Usually when the price is really low, there’s a good reason. If dental offices are looking to see a lot of patients shortly, then they usually advertise a low price. If you’re looking for specialized treatment, this isn’t a good thing. By merely getting in touch with the office or doing research online you ought to be able to get a good idea of what kind of practice it is. Following the advice above will make deciding on the best dentist a lot easier process. when looking for a dentist in zip code 20319.
Have you actually frequented Whitaker and Woods? If so remember to give a detailed review.
NOTE:
Opinions submitted here may not reflect the actual views for this establishment.iviera
With a stay at Hotel Riviera Riviera
Hotel Riviera Deals & Specials
- One Double or Two Twin beds
- One Double or Two Twin beds
- One Single BedClick on a thumbnail to go to Google Books.
Colossus: Hoover Dam and the Making of the American Century by Michael Hiltzik
Sign up for LibraryThing to find out whether you'll like this book.
No current Talk conversations about this book.
» See also 22 mentions
» Add other authors
References to this work on external resources.
Hoover Dam
Michael Hiltzik
No descriptions found.
The author of "Dealers of Lightning" pens the definitive account of the epic construction of the Hoover Dam, one of the the 20th century's most consequential public works.
» see all 2 descriptions
2 editions of this book were published by Audible.com.
See editions
Become a LibraryThing Author.a Romantic-Era style
a symphony orchestra
non-pitched percussion
tonal harmony
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show moreVocabulary Word
Word: quorum
Definition: minimal number of members necessary to conduct a meeting
Definition: minimal number of members necessary to conduct a meeting
Sentences Containing 'quorum'
(E.g., G. Bergera, Conflict in the Quorum 258-260 (2002) Bergera states that President Young “dictated lecture to one of his secretaries” and then sets out the text of Nuttall’s 7 February 1877 journal entry.)
A quorum is three, but the whole court must sit in order to declare a law unconstitutional. Justices.
After the Nicene Creed the Registrar, confirms that a quorum is present and informs the Bishop.
After the postponement expired, all Democrats on the Senate Committee on Labor and Public Welfare boycotted the nomination hearings, depriving the committee of a quorum and preventing it from conducting business.
Alonzo Arza Hinckley (April 23, 1870 – December 22, 1936) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1934 until his death.
Although the Elections Office had said that the government should take a majority vote that failed to pass the quorum as advisory, Premier McKeeva Bush announced after the referendum that he would not do so.
Although the proposal was approved by a majority of those voting, the quorum of half of registered voters voting in favour was not met.
Among his many assignments as a member of the first quorum of the seventy he served as president of the North America Southwest Area and the North America Northeast Area.
Clark has served in various leadership capacities in the LDS Church, including bishop, scoutmaster, elders quorum president, gospel doctrine teacher, and counselor in a stake mission presidency.
He became a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy in 1976.
He has published 3 edited volumes with his Wilfrid Laurier University Marketing professorial colleague David Blenkhorn, those being "Managing Frontiers in Competitive Intelligence" in 2001 (Quorum Books, an imprint of the Greenwood Publishing Group), "Controversies in Competitive Intelligence" published in 2003 by Praeger Publishers, and "Global Business and Competitive Intelligence" in 2005 by Praeger Publishers.
He was a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy from that time until he was given emeritus status in October 2005.
He was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the LDS Church and as First Counselor in the First Presidency.
He was a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy.
He was the quorum's junior member one year later when he was called into the First Presidency as second counselor to church president David O. McKay.
Hinckley was succeeded in the Quorum of the Twelve by Albert E. Bowen.
In 1861, he stated: Nevertheless, Young and the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles continued to discuss the doctrine in private.
In 1960, Tanner was called to be an Assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles and a full-time general authority of the LDS Church.
In 1962, George Q. Morris's passing created a vacancy in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, which Tanner was called to fill in October 1962.
In 1989, he became a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy.
In 1993, he was transferred to the First Quorum of the Seventy, where he served until being granted general authority emeritus status in 2005.
In June 2006, Savignano Irpino held a referendum to leave Campania and become part of Apulia again, but failed to achieve a quorum.
In the decision, Justice Anne L. Mactavish addressed the issue of personal responsibility: On Nov 15, 2007, a quorum of the Supreme Court of Canada made of Justices Michel Bastarache, Rosalie Abella, and Louise Charron refused an application to have the Court hear the case on appeal, without giving reasons.
On January 15, 1836, Smith was selected as the first president of the high priests quorum of the church, a position that is today referred to as a "stake president".
Only 21 pan-democrat lawmakers and four government allies remained in the chamber following the walk-out – short of the 30 required for quorum.
Prior to his call as a member of the Second Quorum of the Seventy, Monson had served as a bishop and a stake president.
Prior to his election to the legislature, Hinshaw served as a justice of the peace and for a single four-year term was a member of the Washington County Quorum Court.
Rather, members of MUNSU acting without quorum announced that the union supported the striking bus drivers, picketing alongside and giving the impression that their major service consumers supported them--in effect, prolonging the strike for the remainder of the semester.
Rector served as a member of the First Council of the Seventy from 1968 to 1976 and as a member of the First Quorum of the Seventy from 1976 to 1994.
Richards considered running for governor of Utah in the 1918 election, but when he was selected as an Apostle in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in 1917, he decided not to run for office.
The company’s articles said that all four directors of the company (another Mr Hoon, who was never there, and two nominees) were needed to constitute a quorum.
More Vocab Words::: flout - reject; mock; show contempt for; scorn; Ex. flout the rules
::: jaded - tired or uninterested by surfeit; fatigued; surfeited; worn out; wearied; Ex. jaded appetite
::: agrarian - pertaining to land or its cultivation; Ex. agrarian reform
::: indite - write; compose
::: authoritative - having the weight of authority; regarded as providing knowledge that can be trusted; reliable; peremptory and dictatorial; Ex. authoritative dictionary/manner; CF. definitive
::: encumber - burden; N. encumbrance
::: vapid - lacking liveliness; dull and unimaginative; insipid and flavorless; Ex. vapid lecture
::: iridescent - exhibiting rainbowlike colors; Ex. iridescent oil slick; N. iridescence
::: cistern - reservoir or water tank
::: aggrandize - make greater; increase in power, wealth, rank, or honor; N. aggrandizementPinky’s is kind of-sort of a local legend in Charlotte.
First of all, how many restaurants have an old school Volkswagon bug on the roof? When I was a kid, the building used to be an auto shop. My brother and I had our little fists ready whenever we drove by (remember “punch bug, no punch back!”).
Second, Pinky’s is kind of the successor to The (original) Penguin. The Penguin is a restaurant located not far away and is famous. No, really. I’m talking Food Network’s Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives famous. The owner of Pinky’s was a co-owner of the Penguin and a chef there. The Penguin changed hands in 2010 (not really sure exactly what happened, but loyal patrons of The Penguin were LIVID) and judging by the fact that Pinky’s is ALWAYS packed, they all came along with the owner & some of their menu items.
Despite the same ownership, the similarities end there. The Penguin was a hole in the wall burger joint. Pinky’s is much more diverse. The menu includes fried pickles, hummus, some fabulous salads, a variety of burgers & hot dogs, tacos, corn dog shrimp (my absolute FAVORITE), and so on. Everything I’ve had there has been amazing, and this visit did not disappoint.
I strayed from my usual (and absolute favorite corn dog shrimp) and had one of their specials. It was a spicy chicken burrito with Caesar dressing, tomatoes, crisp romaine lettuce & loads of Parmesan cheese. It came with a side of their delicious black beans and tortilla chips. I wasn’t in the mood for chips, so I ordered a side of waffle fries as well.
The wrap was delicious, but not as spicy as I would have liked. The chunks of chicken were huge & delicious. The dressing was delicious and the flavors came together well. This thing was HUGE though. I ate half at that moment and ate the other half for dinner and it was still just as good.
Graham had one of the other specials, the flounder plate. He gave me one of his hush puppies, and a bite of his fish. Everything was so good! The fish was perfectly cooked, the hush puppies were crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. His portion was just as generous as mine and just as good.
Pinky’s is one of the places we stop at every time we make a trip home. The food is always good, and the service is always excellent. I LOVE that I see the exact same faces every time I’m there.
Stop by and try a white trash burger, or a Spaugh burger (named after a nearby middle school) or their famous fried pickles, You absolutely will not regret it.
One thought on “Restaurant Review: Pinky’s Westside Grill”
I'd love to try this out some time. We always have fine dining whenever there's a special occasion. I think we should try this one time.Despite, or because of, the occasional declaration we live in a post-racial America, youth and school sporting events produce evidence that racism and racial tension is alive and well.
Here is a particularly bizarre example: apparently a white player stepped away in the middle of his high school baseball game to join his family in attacking the black man dating his stepsister. Then he came back to finish the game.
As a result, at least 30 black students in the Spiro, Okla., schools were kept home by their families May 14 in protest of the incident, and because although the player was suspended, he was allowed back in the school, and back on the Spiro High team for the state baseball tournament.
I’m going to note coverage by Sheila Stogsdill in both the Daily Oklahoman (of Oklahoma City) and the Tulsa World, which are owned separately but share some content. The coverage is odd in that some of the details in each story are different. For example, the Daily Oklahoman story notes the baseball player was white but doesn’t give his class, while the Tulsa World story notes he’s a senior but doesn’t give his race. Neither story identified the player by name. In any case, here is a sample of Stogsdill’s reporting on the incident and its aftermath:
More than 30 black Spiro students were pulled out of class Wednesday by their parents in an apparent protest over a fight between a white Spiro baseball player and a black man who dated the player’s stepsister, one of the town’s residents said. …
[A grandparent who pulled children out of school said] the protest stems from an April 29 fight between a white baseball player and 20-year-old Spiro resident Devon Perry, who is black. Steele said Perry was attacked by the baseball player and the player’s family at a high school baseball game. The baseball player went back to the game after the fight was over, [the grandparent] said. …
Perry said he has been dating the stepsister of the baseball player for the past four years, and the couple live together.
He said he was arrested on an outstanding speeding warrant after an argument with his girlfriend, and her family attacked him because they believed his arrest was the result of the argument.
“It’s a complicated mess,” Spiro Police Chief Darrell Barham said. “The fight is still under investigation with pending charges on everyone involved in the fight.”
Officers arriving at the ballgame reported seeing 10 or more people gathered around two males, including Perry, who was being detained by someone in the crowd. An officer took Perry by the hand and handcuffed him, according to the affidavit.
Witnesses said a man identified as Perry was “going crazy” at the game, punching and kicking women and even punching a 15-year-old boy in the nose, the affidavit states.
…
Perry’s mother told 5NEWS on Thursday (May 1) that her son was jumped by several people, and when authorities arrived, they only arrested him. …
Perry’s assailants used a racial slur while attacking him, [Perry's mother] said. She said her son was dating a white woman, adding that the woman’s family didn’t approve of the relationship. Some of those who attacked him were the girlfriend’s family members, she said.
The News5 report made no mention of a player leaving the game to join in the fight.
There is a lot of weirdness and internal family drama being laid bare here, and the truest quote I see is the only in which the police chief calls it a “complicated mess.”
However, you would think a baseball coach, or school, might take stronger action against a player charging into the stands to fight, for whatever reason — even allowing him to play at all seems questionable, much less if he was allowed to get back into the game at which the fight took place. So I can see why black families in Spiro, Okla., are suspicious, and why racial tension marches on.Just another way to reduce the overall costs of health care. /sarc
IOW, a tariff will be placed on insurance companies who will then have to fire people because they will not be able to afford it.
On a good note, HHS will need another few thousand IRS agents to watch over this.
ya 3000 page bills often make things more efficient
it would be funny if it wasn’t so sad.Useful for any appliance that charges via a USB port (i.e. iPhone, iPod, Battery chargers, Cameras, etc). The charger comes in euro plug so that it may be used in European countries.
We offer FREE Shipping on all product orders over $400.00. For orders less than $400.00 the shipping cost is usually about $25.00.
To place an order simply email us the item #'s and quantity. Or read more about our shipment procedure.Recently featured on National Public Radio and Nightline, Howcast is the talk of the media, streaming tens of millions of compelling, fun, high-quality, how-to videos every month across its multi-platform distribution network.
From How To Kiss to How To Avoid Jet Lag to How to Turn Your Backyard Into a Beer Garden, you’ll find it on Howcast, which has rapidly developed a loyal following for making how-to hip and hot.Not surprisingly, with sometwo million downloads across iPhone, iPad, Android, andBlackBerry phones, Howcast is the #1 mobile app for instructional content – wherever you happen to be.
So imagine my delight when Howcast invited me, your faithful Living With Dogs columnist,to be one of its pet experts!
We recently had a fun, day-long shoot at my animal house, featuring all the dogs (plus a few cats) in residence. Naturally, Lazarus attempted to steal every scene he’s in. (He’s not called Lazzmtazz for nothing.) And sweet little Cupcakedeserves an award for her valiant attempt to kiss my face off!
The result? Twenty-one videos about “Understanding Dog Breeds” from this reporter’s point of view.Clickhere to seea sample – I hope you’ll check out the rest, and please share your thoughts in the comments.
Our Most-Commented Stories
Julia Szabo | Apr 22nd 2011At the launch of iPhone 5 one year ago, about 16 percent of iPhone 5 buyers said they were upgrading from an Android phone, CIRP depicts in its chart (above). This year, at least 20 percent of new iPhone 5s and 5c buyers said they were moving from Android.
The increased percentage that's switching is also telling in that Apple sold significantly more new iPhones at this year's launch. The global market for phones is increasing, and the number of iPhone buyers getting their first phone was also up.
What's decreasing is the number of iPhone buyers moving up from a basic phone or from BlackBerry or some other smartphone platform, due to the fact that there are simply fewer people who still own a "non-smart," BlackBerry or other non-Android phones this year.
As Mike Levin, a Partner and Co-Founder of CIRP, stated in the firm's press release, "perhaps because of the declining base of non- smartphone owners, a smaller percentage of iPhone buyers upgraded from a basic or flip phone, compared to the year-ago launch."
Returning iOS users also up
CIRP's release emphasized a different aspect of the same data: that more iPhone buyers this year were already iPhone customers. That figure increased from 55 percent last year to 65 percent this year.
Significantly more Android owners are moving to an iPhone than iPhone users are moving in the opposite directionLevin stated to AppleInsider via email that "this increase from 55% in 2012 is very meaningful, especially since it's really a fair comparison, of buyers in the two 30-day periods after the launch of the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5s/5c."
Logically, the percentage of iOS buyers loyally returning for a new iPhone would necessarily rise in conjunction with the increases in Apple's market share as customer satisfaction levels also remain high.
But the percentage of increase among returning iPhone buyers is a little over 18 percent over last year; the percentage of new iPhone buyers coming from an Android legacy is up even more: 25 percent.
Once bitten twice iPhone
CIRP's latest study reflects the firm's earlier findings from this fall reporting that significantly more Android owners are moving to an iPhone than iPhone users are moving in the opposite direction.
Specific to Apple and Samsung, the world's two largest smartphone vendors by a large margin, Apple's customers were more likely to come from BlackBerry, while a larger percentage of Samsung's buyers were coming from HTC and Nokia.
Overall, however, Apple was seeing a greater percentage of converts from Samsung (20 percent) than Samsung was seeing from previous iPhone buyers (just 7 percent).
Looking only at customers who had switched brands, one third of Apple's new customers had previously owned a Samsung device, but only 11 percent of Samsung's customers came from Apple.
CIRP also noted this fall that Apple's customers represented more young adults between 18-24 and 25-34, while Samsung attracted more middle age buyers aged 35-54 and significantly more seniors aged 55 to 64, as well as more customers with lower incomes.
The trend toward Apple and iOS is focused entirely at the high end of the smartphone market, because Apple does not participate in the "mass market" for low end phones priced significantly below $400.
Last week, a Samsung Mobile executive revealed that only about a third of the company's "smartphones" were premium models comparable in specification and utility to Apple's modern iPhone lineup.
Samsung's financial reports have also detailed that its smartphone shipment growth is coming entirely from mid and low end models, while global demand for its higher end Galaxy S and Note offerings remained flat despite the launch of the company's new flagship Note III premium phablet.A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries. RFC 3839 Title: MIME Type Registrations for 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) Multimedia files Author(s): R. Castagno, D. Singer Status: Standards Track Date: July 2004 Mailbox: roberto.castagno at nokia.com, singer at apple.com Pages: 7 Characters: 15645 Updates/Obsoletes/SeeAlso: None I-D Tag: draft-singer-avt-3gpp-mime-01.txt URL: This document serves to register and document the standard MIME types associated with the 3GPP multimedia file format, which is part of the family based on the ISO Media File Format.Back
- Large Image
-
Tiger Infant / Toddler Costume
Details
Warning: Product Safety Information View Details
- WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.
- Price:
- $29.99
- Prod ID:
- 38386
He may be little, but you should hear his roar!
Tiny).
- Product Number
- #38386
- Availability
- 2/4T (156384)
-Category: Seeps, Vent, & Whale Falls
Arctic mounds have gassy past
Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute (MBARI) scientists working in the Arctic Ocean unraveled the geological origin of many mysterious mounds, called “pingos”, off Canada’s north coast. Pingos are small, dome-shaped, ice-cored hills about 40m tall, found along the coast of the Tuktoyaktuk Peninsula. Earlier studies claimed these features were formed on land, and then submerged when sea level rose following the end of the last ice age, over 10,000 years ago. Apparently, the reverse may be true.JoExcel 2003Outlook 2003PowerPoint 2003Visio 2003Project 2003
...and seven for 2007:
Word 2007Excel 2007Outlook 2007PowerPoint 2007Visio 2007Project 2007InfoPath 2007
In addition VS Orcas includes the following "document" or "form level" projects:
Excel 2003 Workbook/TemplateExcel 2007 Workbook/TemplateWord 2003 Document/TemplateWord 2007 Document/TemplateInfoPath 2003 Code Behind FormInfoPath 2007 Code Behind FormAnd it includes two SharePoint workflow projects
SharePoint Sequential WorkflowSharePoint State Machine Workflow
I think that covers it...Canadian teenager Taylor Paris is set to make history this month as the youngest player to have ever graced the Rugby World Cup stage.
The 18-year-old will eclipse the mark of the United States' Thretton Palamo should he appear in any of the Canucks' pool clashes that begin with a showdown against Tonga in Whangarei next Wednesday. But the prospect of re-writing the record books is nothing new to one of the rising stars of North American rugby. and in his second match, against Spain, he ran in two tries. An invite to train with the Northampton Saints Academy followed before injury ruled him out of this year's Churchill Cup campaign and as a result he was not sure of a place in coach Kieran Crowley's World Cup squad.
"I broke my hand about four months ago and so I wasn't sure how I would go. When I saw my name in the 50-man roster for the World Cup I was so excited," said Paris. "So when Kieran told me that I had made the final squad, it was just so, so exciting. This is the absolute pinnacle."
The Canucks' squad boasts plenty of World Cup experience for Paris to call upon but the confident speedster, who celebrates his 19th birthday next month, is desperate to learn first hand. ?' "
Communication error please reload the page.Jack Newton of Themis Solutions, the publisher of the Clio online law practice management platform, interviewed me last week to discuss my overall positive experience with their product. The discussion is probably of interest primarily to other attorneys but perhaps there might be value to other self-employed professionals in the discussion as well. 15 minutes.
FYI the fishing tackle business in question is Godfrey Custom Tackle, owned and operated by my father Ted Godfrey with a lot of help from my mother Faye Godfrey.In the course of the exciting work being done on Main Street, U.S.A., at Disneyland park, a piece of Disneyland history was opened up yet again.
Fans of the Main Street Arcade are familiar with its Welte Orchestrion – the large self-playing pipe organ that has entertained guests for decades. While the arcade is closed as part of the current Main Street, U.S.A., refurbishments, the Disneyland Electromechanical team is taking the opportunity to perform maintenance on this impressive instrument – which is older than the park itself. But you might be surprised at what is found inside …
Since 1945 – thirty years after the instrument was first built – those working to repair and restore the Orchestrion have signed their names to an interior panel, and the tradition has continued to this day. Dave Allan, an electromechanical technician at the Disneyland Arcade Shop (which cares for all of the resort’s electromechanical devices – from coin-operated machinery and popcorn carts to park turnstiles and FASTPASS machines) first came to work at Disneyland more than 35 years ago to work on the Orchestrion. He first signed is name to the instrument in 1974, as you can see in the photo above.
I visited Dave and his colleagues Ken Knibb, Joel Viado and Jeff Garcia late last year at the Disneyland Arcade Shop for the rare opportunity to see this giant machine being cared for by these talented technicians. Though it has been through maintenance before, those times have been surprisingly rare.
“It probably won’t be opened again for another 30 years,” Ken told me. The instrument still has it original acoustics and pipes, but the team is working to restore it to as close as possible to original condition while still being able to be enjoyed by guests daily upon its return to the Main Street Arcade. When it does return, it will feature more of the original music that it was first designed to play.
Be sure to check out the Welte Orchestrion when it returns in its full glory to the Main Street Arcade later this spring. And I’ll be back soon with an update on this amazing piece of Disneyland history when Dave, Ken and the Disneyland Electromechanical team are all finished with it – for the next 30 years, at least.
12 Comments
Janet on March 19th, 2012 at 7:14 pm
How nice was this! Thank you for sharing this story. What a talented group you have in maintenance.
Cynthia from CA on March 19th, 2012 at 7:26 pm
I love this pipe organ…I plop in a quarter every time I visit the park and play the Mickey Mouse March…everyone recognizes it and stops to listen and watch…thanks for your great work in keeping it so well preserved! Can’t wait to see all the work finished on Main Street!
THERESA on March 19th, 2012 at 7:49 pm
Do you have a date when the orchestrion will be up and running again?
Trent from ON on March 19th, 2012 at 8:28 pm
Great story! I’ve always been fascinated by these automated music machines at the Disney parks. Many have faded away over the years but it’s great to see that some remain and that they are in good hands. The Walt Disney Company bought a collection of dozens of automated music machines from Paul Eakin in the 1970s. Much of the collection was sold in 1997 but many pieces remain in Disney Parks around the world.
Penny on March 19th, 2012 at 8:36 pm
I used to work for a company that builds pipe organs. Signing the inside, either as a builder or repairer is an industry tradition that I’m glad to see upheld at Disneyland (a place of great tradition). Pipe organ construction tends to be intended for very long term use. I know the company I worked for planned for a 150-200 year life span for their products.
What an interesting article, thanks for posting it!
Jim on March 19th, 2012 at 10:01 pm
I wish the arcade would make a return. It was one of my favorite things to see on main street at a kid.
Fred from CA on March 19th, 2012 at 10:06 pm
Very cool!
I love that pipe organ!
Debora on March 21st, 2012 at 12:32 am
I love learning about the small treasures and the talented and creative teams behind them. The love and passion that goes into disney is amazing. Thank you
Krista on March 21st, 2012 at 12:43 am
I love this post! Thanks for sharing it!
Mikey on March 21st, 2012 at 3:33 pm
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
I am so glad Disney is taking an interest in these machines again like when Walt Disney was originally in charge, it’s a real shame that the new owner today wasn’t in charge about 14 years ago. That was when most of these instruments were sold, including band organs, orchestrions, nickelodeons, dance organs, and music boxes too. There was (pre 1998) a Wurlitzer Pian Orchestra in the arcade, but that was sold too. This instrument was actually restored in 1998 and sounded GREAT! Until a new midi selector was put in which was not made for the instrument. trust me, this instrument will sound MIND BLOWING when the restoration is done! Just take the tip that the tune selector is not made for the instrument!
Mikey on March 21st, 2012 at 3:36 pm
Also, the instrument isn’t in that bad of shape, so it shouldn’t be too hard.
Christine from CA on March 24th, 2012 at 1:28 pm
I can’t wait for this to come back!. I wish the once behind Dumbo still played.
12 CommentsPrices, specials, features and availability subject to change.!! :)
13 Month Lease Term. Security Deposit: Call for details, ask about reduced SURE Deposit. Pet Policy: 25lbs Max, 2 Pets Max, Pet Rent: $25 for dog; $15 for cat. Non-refundable Pet Fee: $275 1st Pet and $135 additional for 2nd pet.
Cats Allowed. Dogs Allowed. Call for service animal policy.
156 units
Apartment
Check Availabilityor call
Monday-Friday: 9:00am-5:00pm
Saturday: 9:00am-12:00pm, By Appointment
Sunday: Closed
Paredim Partners, LLC
Don't have a Rent.com account? Create one.
Creating an account allows you to acccess your saved and contacted properties on any device. Already have an account?TWU to conduct winter commencement
The fall 2012 semester at Texas Woman’s University will draw to a close with commencement ceremonies scheduled Friday and Saturday on the Denton campus.
Students and family members who have tickets are invited to attend.
The ceremonies, which include graduates from the Denton, Dallas and Houston campuses, will take place in the Kitty Magee Arena in Pioneer Hall, which is located on Bell Avenue.
Receptions hosted by TWU Chancellor Ann Stuart will follow each ceremony on the second floor of the Student Union, on the southwest corner of Bell Avenue and Administration Drive.
Approximately 764 undergraduate and 742 graduate degrees will be awarded during the ceremonies.
Pat Holden-Huchton, retired dean of the TWU College of Nursing and an alumna of the university, will deliver the commencement address for Ceremony I, scheduled for 10 a.m. Friday.
Raquel Schmitz, a TWU alumna and vice chancellor for administration for the Oklahoma State Regents for Higher Education, will speak during Ceremony II, scheduled at 2 p.m.
Ceremony III will begin at 10 a.m. Saturday, with Justice Lee Gabriel, Place 7 of the Second Court of Appeals of Texas, addressing the graduates.
Cathy Bonner, chairwoman of Service King Collision Repair Centers and its board of directors, will speak during Ceremony IV, scheduled at 2 p.m. Saturday.
Times for commencement reflect candidate assignments based on specific schools and colleges participating in the ceremonies.
For more information about the commencement, visit .Volunteer
Japan Tsunami Debris To Hit A California Coast Near You!
Looks like the earthquake that hit Japan is about to reign vengeance upon California’s coastline… in the form of trash, rot, and debris.
Joplin, Missouri Tornado – How To Help
The town of Joplin, Missouri has been devastated by the May 22, 2011 tornado and many lives have been lost. The devastation comes on the heels of other tornadoes and flooding this spring. The Red […]Denver Defeats Southern Utah 72-47 - Recap
Southern Utah was run off the court by Denver on Friday as they blasted them 72-47 at Magness Arena.
Denver was a favorite by 18 points and came through with an ATS victory for bettors.
Royce O'Neale had 12 points for Denver and Cam Griffin chipped in with 12 points. Chris Udofia had 7 assists for them, while Chris Udofia was the team's top rebounder, grabbing 4 boards.
Southern Utah got a 12-point performance from Jackson Stevenett, who was supported by 10 points from Jayson Cheesman. Jackson Stevenett had 2 assists in a losing cause for Southern Utah, while Jayson Cheesman grabbed 6 rebounds.
First-half bettors who backed Denver were victorious, as the score was 40-20 at the break.
The rebound battle favored Southern Utah as they grabbed 31 boards, while Denver only had 22.Alex R:
– finishing up writeup for a project on Deniable Encryption
— crypto is really fun.
—
Lindsey K:
– helping her advisor write a grant proposal, for mad type-theory cash
— (they’re going to prove that certain classes of parallel languages run deterministically, with certain kinds of write-once datastructures)
Look to the Frozen North for cool side-project hacks as soon as we’re done with classes for good…Foreign Taxes
Understanding FATCA and Form 8966
Temporary Regulations Provide Guidance on Form 5471
Filing Taxes for Foreign Students in the U.S. – Part 2
Filing Taxes for Foreign Students in the U.S.
Claiming Treaty Benefits
Six Tips for Taxpayers with Foreign Income
Foreign Gift Reporting Requirements
Foreign Tax Credit – Individuals
United Kingdom Residents Investing in the U.S.
Temporary Suspension of "New Form" 8938 Capture Mode.
Easy Mode
Easy Mode helps new comers become an expert with common settings - Using Easy Mode, photo settings are restricted to just image size, flash on/off and self timer, and these are displayed on a simplified menu screen.
One-Button Video - Shoot A Video Or Take A Still
One-Button Video makes it very easy for you to switch back and forth between still and video modes to capture the perfect moment.
Best Shot Mode - Program The Camera Automatically For Particular Subject, Scene, Or Lighting Conditions
This camera has 23 Best Shot Modes available to help you quickly adjust a myriad of settings so that you always get a perfect shot.
Face Detection
Put a better face on your images with automatic Face Detection technology. Our camera adjusts instantly for optimum focus and background even if your subject is backlit or in front of a patterned backdrop. Moving targets? No problem. The camera will capture kids and pets on the go in the sharpest detail.
.8" Thin
At . 8" thin this camera can easily fit in your pocket.
[...] When I stared using the product it was very fast for me to understand all of the product and uses.10:51 PM EDT 05/21/2015
Andie MacDowell.
Groundhog Day Musical Headed to Broadway in Spring 2017
Originally posted 04/03/2015 01:55AM
A case of life imitating art imitating reel life?
Why is Andie MacDowell Apologizing?
Originally posted 08/31/2014 10:45AM
Andie MacDowell stars as a small-town judge in Hallmark Channel's Cedar Cove, but the 56-year-old actress admitted she's still trying to curtail her use of curse words and "sorry" when she chatted with PEOPLE this week about "one last thing" ...
Andie MacDowell to Wed
Originally posted 01/18/2006 03:00PM
Only a year ago Andie MacDowell seemed resigned to being a single mother, but now the actress is preparing to walk down the aisle with her new fiancé, businessman Kevin Geagan.
Andie MacDowell and Husband to Divorce
Originally posted 10/06/2004 06:00PM
Actress Andie MacDowell has filed for divorce from her husband, businessman Rhett Hartzog, after nearly three years of marriage.
NEWS BRIEFS: Jessica Lynch Honored.
MacDowell's Sex Scene Takes Backseat
Originally posted 04/03/2002 01:10PM
The actress tells PEOPLE at the premiere of her latest movie, "Crush," that it was her idea to appear demure in the midst of a hot moment.
MacDowell's Film Mirrors True Tragedy
Originally posted 03/14/2002 12:00PM
The actress talks about her new movie, "Harrison's Flowers," opening this week, which is reminiscent of recent violence against journalists in war zones.
Andie MacDowell to Star as Animal Doc
Originally posted 02/08/2002 10:00AM
CBS announces it has ordered up a pilot of a new show that will star the actress-model as a Southern veterinarian. No word, yet, on a four-legged costQuebec Issue of CanRevue, Playwrights Guild of Canada’s e-catalogue of unpublished Canadian plays, is now available for download.
PGC News
- Jan 28, 2013
- Jan 16, 2013
Playwrights Guild of Canada caught up with PGC member, Bev Brett to discuss her involvement with the spectacular Grand Pageant of Waipu, her love of Cape Breton culture and what originally drew her to playwriting.
1. Your latest work (with Lachie McLean), updating The Grand Pageant of...
- Jan 8, 2013...
- Dec 18, 2012
Between September 28th and 30th of 2012, Karen Bassett overcame her suspicion of playwriting workshops and decided to participate in Daniel MacIvor’s Play Finding Workshop, presented by the Playwright’s Atlantic Resource Centre (PARC) in Halifax, Nova Scotia. She agreed to write an article about her experiences at the workshop for Playwrights’ POV. DOWNLOAD THE .PDF TO READ MORE!
- Dec 17, 2012
Playwrights Guild of Canada caught up with PGC member, Kyle Capstick to discuss his experience winning Pat the Dog's 2012 24-Hour Playwriting Contest, having a play staged as a 13 year old, and what his future as a playwright holds.
1. You just won Pat the Dog’s 2012 24-Hour Playwriting Contest with your play I’m Not Anybody. Can...Yet another sub-wavelength technology has been discovered, according to SpaceD.
This one is really powerful: it removes 20-nm chunks of material with a laser. The fact that it can even work in 3D, building tunnels, could make it a significant enabling technology for molecular manufacturing.
Elsewhere, Betterhumans has an article called "Nanoscale Manufacturing Possible with Enzyme Ink". It says:
Tiny patterns carved in gold have demonstrated the potential of an enzyme ink for nanoscale manufacturing. Researchers from Duke University in Durham, North Carolina say that the patterns are a proof of principle that enzymes, biological catalysts used widely in industry, can be used to create nanoscale structures.
"We wanted to see if we could steal functionality from biology to make the complex structures we need," says research leader and biomedical engineer Ashutosh Chilkoti. "In an afternoon, we inexpensively created a nanostructure that would have taken weeks to develop using expensive, traditional methods of etching circuits into chips."
Researchers are exploring different techniques for engineering nanoscale structures on an industrial scale. Few have laid down chemically active biological molecules on a surface, says Chilkoti. Writing with enzyme ink is therefore considered an important advance for nanoscale manufacturing.
Advancements such as these are not yet creating general-purpose molecular manufacturing. But they are rapidly filling the nano toolbox with techniques and capabilities that will enable the critical breakthrough far sooner than most people expect -- and maybe before we are prepared for the consequences.A young male, probably away from home for the first time, was struck and killed by a vehicle in Liberty County early June 11.But this isn’t the tragic story of a teenager taking chances with newfound freedom. It is the tragic story of a black bear being where he wasn’t expected to be.“He was a very handsome little guy,” Dr. Brandy Bragg, veterinarian and owner of Animal Hospital at Rice Hope near Port Wentworth, said of the animal that was brought to her Saturday morning. The bear died Monday night.“We tried with him,” the vet said. “We sure hoped he’d pull through, but ... ”No report of the accident that is believed to have happened on Highway 196 East last Saturday morning could be found with the Georgia State Patrol or Liberty County Sheriff’s Office.David Mixon, regional game management supervisor with the Georgia DNR’s Wildlife Resources Division, said he took the bear to Rice Hope.“We took over care of the bear after it was hit,” Mixon said, adding that it appeared the vehicle had hit the bear’s head.He said when he got to the bear it was in the back of a pickup. He started looking for medical help and didn’t press people around about what had happened.The area’s DNR game warden, Lt. Jay Morgan out of Richmond Hill, was away over the weekend and also was unsure of details of the accident.Both Mixon and Bragg said bear sightings in Coastal Georgia are rare, but not unprecedented.“I’ve lived here all my life and never seen one in the wild,” Bragg said.Mixon said the area does not have a population of bears, but that periodically young males wander through looking for their own territories.“No cubs have been reported to us,” he said. “You’d see that if they were always here. And you do see them just three or four counties over. They even have seasons on them over there.”Sightings of bears wandering through the area also increase when wildfires, such as the one going on around the Okefenokee Swamp, displace existing population.“The same day the bear was hit up there, we had a report of a bear being cornered in Camden County,” the ranger said.Bragg said Mixon’s organization took the bear’s remains and plan to make an educational display from as much of it as can be used.“At least something good came out of this,” she said.To embed, copy and paste the code into your website or blog:
Patent trolls — non-practicing entities best known for threatening expensive patent litigation in order to collect licensing fees from accused infringers — are a well-documented problem. Measures aimed at reforming patent litigation typically focus on reducing litigation costs for defendants by, for example, fee-shifting in the case of frivolous suits or by limiting discovery. However, most pending reforms ignore the role that software and computer-based patents have in the current patent troll problem; almost every patent asserted by a patent troll is a software or computer-based patent.
Alice International, an Australian company that is half-owned by the National Australia Bank Ltd., owns patents on electronic methods and computer programs for financial-trading systems. In the upcoming case Alice Corporation Pty. Ltd. v. CLS Bank International, the U.S. Supreme Court will address whether, and to what extent, such inventions are eligible to receive a patent. Clarifying what types of inventions can receive a patent could reduce the cost of patent litigation by reducing uncertainty and limiting the enforceability of some types of patents. A brief summary of the law of subject matter eligibility helps place the pending Supreme Court decision in context.
Under federal law (35 U.S.C. §101) the scope of patent eligibility is limited to “any new and useful process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter.” Even if the invention does fall within one of these four statutory categories, the Supreme Court has created additional exceptions. The high court has held that “laws of nature, physical phenomena, and abstract ideas” cannot be patented because doing so would hinder rather than promote scientific progress.
Of the three exceptions, “abstract ideas” have been the most problematic. Determining the precise point at which an abstract idea becomes sufficiently embodied in concrete form to deserve a patent has long troubled courts. To distinguish abstract ideas from patent-eligible processes, the Federal Circuit adopted the “machine-or-transformation” test. Under this test, a process was patent eligible if it is implemented with a particular machine or it transforms an article from one state to another.
Although the machine-or-transformation test was easily applied, in Bilski v. Kappos the Supreme Court ruled it was not the exclusive test to determine subject matter eligibility. While the court was undoubtedly correct that the machine-or-transformation test is not rooted in statutory language, it provided little insight into what should replace the test. Owing partially to the confusion created by the Supreme Court, subject matter eligibility remains as ill-defined as ever. Alice v. CLS Bank offers the Supreme Court an opportunity to clarify and define the scope of patent-eligible subject matter.
The patents at issue in Alice v. CLS Bank were all directed to “computerized trading platform(s) used for conducting financial transactions in which a third party settles obligations between a first and a second party so as to eliminate ‘counterparty’ or ‘settlement’ risk.” Essentially, the plaintiff was able to patent a computer-based escrow agent or clearinghouse. While the idea of an escrow agent or clearinghouse itself is very likely an abstract idea, the invention becomes less abstract when it is tied to a physical structure like a computer. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office found that the invention was patent eligible, but during litigation the district court held the patents were invalid under §101. The plaintiff then appealed to the Federal Circuit, the court of appeals with exclusive subject matter jurisdiction over patent law.
On review, the Federal Circuit split sharply over the patent eligibility of the claimed invention. The court was unable to produce a majority and issued seven different opinions comprising various combinations of the 10 circuit justices. Five of the 10 justices agreed with the lower court that the patents at issue were ineligible under §101. However, the Federal Circuit could not agree why the patents at issue were ineligible or what test should determine patent eligibility. Likely due to the fractured Federal Circuit, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case.
The Supreme Court has repeatedly warned the Federal Circuit that its interpretation of patent eligibility is too expansive but has not provided lower courts or practitioners with clear guidance to follow. Alice v. CLS Bank offers the Supreme Court an opportunity to clarify the state of the law. The Supreme Court may take one of three general approaches in its upcoming decision.
First, the Supreme Court could deemphasize §101 in determining patent eligibility. Patent law has a number of other mechanisms to determine patentability that arguably allow for more definite analysis and predictability. This approach is often favored by justices and practitioners who believe the patents at issue in Alice v. CLS Bank should be patent eligible.
Second, the Supreme Court could create a bright-line rule either favoring or disfavoring patents such as those at issue in this case. Whether or not the Supreme Court holds that computers add patentable weight to otherwise unpatentable material, a clear rule would at least create predictability. While desirable from that perspective, the Supreme Court has disfavored rigid or formulistic approaches to patent law in recent decisions.
Third, the Supreme Court could issue a broad opinion, directing the Federal Circuit to the policy considerations that should underlie patent eligibility. The Supreme Court’s recent decisions suggest the court may take such an approach. Such opinions have the disadvantage of leaving lower courts without clear rules such that a patent eligibility determination can depend heavily on the ideological predisposition of the judge.
Any approach adopted by the Supreme Court must balance many competing concerns. The court must balance the settled expectations created by existing software and computer-based patents against the role such patents have in patent litigation abuse. The court should seek to create clear rules without improperly limiting the statutory language of §101.
Whatever approach the Supreme Court adopts, expect change.For those of us who have been using Linux for a while we take for granted the fact that we know what a desktop environment is and that there are distros called Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora etc. People who have only just heard about Linux may find this confusing. This article/video gives a brief overview of what Linux actually is.
Complete Story
Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled.I am a university professor who primarily does biomedical research and teaching for medical and graduate students. I am married with three boys, all who now tower over me. I am a hardcore Tolkien fan and love reading good SF and fantasy, especially Ursula LeGuin's writing. I really enjoy HP fanfic because there is so much variety. I also write fanfic when I get the time.See definition in Oxford Advanced Learner's DictionarySyllabification: mis·cel·la·ne·a
Pronunciation: /ˌmisəˈlānēə/
Definition of miscellanea in English:
plural noun
Miscellaneous items, especially literary compositions, that have been collected together.
Example sentences
- For several years I've been tucking away miscellanea about the record that intrigued me, and something tells me it's time to put it in play.
- The other consists of a major collection of private papers and miscellanea related to she and her son.
- It covers over 500 products and 175 materials, and includes domestic furniture, lighting, electrical appliances, clothing, textiles, transport, buildings and building materials, and a good deal of miscellanea.
Origin
Late 16th century: from Latin, neuter plural of miscellaneus (see miscellaneous).
Words that rhyme with miscellaneaAlbania, balletomania, bibliomania, crania, dipsomania, egomania, erotomania, kleptomania, Lithuania, Lusitania, mania, Mauritania, megalomania, monomania, nymphomania, Pennsylvania, Pomerania, pyromania, Rainier, Romania, Ruritania, Tasmania, Transylvania, Urania
Definition of miscellanea in:
- British & World English dictionary
What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?
Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
Get more from Oxford Dictionaries
= trending. The following minimum GRE scores are required:
- 304 (quantitative + verbal) 2
Program Requirements
All IIT Graduate School requirements must be satisfied. Specific departmental requirements are:
- 32 credit hour requirement
- Required Courses: at least two of the basic sequences in the four core areas of study.
- a Masters thesis (5 to 8 credit hours of MATH 591), under the supervision of a faculty member, or by passing written tests in two of the four core areas of study, namely, Applied Analysis (MATH 500 and MATH 501, Computational Mathematics (MATH 577 and MATH 578), Discrete Applied Mathematics (MATH 553 and (MATH 554) and Stochastics (MATH 540 and one of MATH 543, MATH 544 and MATH 545).
-.Links To The Past: Itching For the NFL?
Jay Fiedler is playing professional beach volleyball. "Fiedler, winded at times after chasing down balls, said he was just hoping not to embarrass himself for Team Cuervo". Can you realy embarrass yourself with that team name? (Sun-Sentinel)
It APPEARS that PERHAPS Bryant Gumbel will not return to the booth for the NFL Network. If you were able to get the NFL Network and watch those games, you'd know how much Gumbel hates anything to be cut and dry. Sure loved using appears and perhaps a lot. (Awful Announcing)
Who ya got to be fired first - Isiah Thomas or the field? (Vegas Watch)
Speaking of Isiah, Tirico Suave has "gotten their hands on" Isiah Thomas's letter of explanation to Donnie Walsh (Tirico Suave)
Players that won't be featured in the NBA's "There Can Be Only One" ad campaign (Ball Don't Lie)
If like me, you can't grow your playoff beard - just buy one. Although, this looks like it will turn into an offseason beard for Baron. (Ball Don't Lie)
This Ohio license plate got past the censors (Duece Of Davenport)Firearm Engineering Expert Witnesses testifying in Litigation
Firearm Engineering experts in this Law Enforcement Corrections directory provide witness opinion and testimony in all types of Firearm Engineering accidents including A designer, builder, programmer, integrator and installer of complex distributed systems and Electrical Engineer Walkways.
Firearm Engineering accidents can occur in Arson, Bomb Scene Investigation, Incendiary Devices, Child Abuse Investigation and Regulatory Analysis and Compliance.
In litigation, Firearm Engineering.I know this has been discussed in a previous forum, but the final outcome should have been better... There was strong disagreement between members about the need for a distinction, but finally, the issue remained completely unresolved.
I don't intend to make a Solomon's judgement here. My position is that it is a relevant distinction to make and that it should be implemented slowly but surely from the base up, until usage in one way or another prevails.
However, I strongly object to the term "in cellulo" for a very simple reason: it's not even Latin! I have nothing against creating a new term as long as it follows the rules of nomenclature. And here, these rules are quite simple:all similar expressions in biology are derived from Latin, not from some idea of Latin that some dunce had one ominous day when that expression was first forged and inserted in a publication !
Of course, no true classical Latin name exists for a living cell, but the scientific acceptations of the term in Latin are cella, -ae (fem.).(orig. a small chamber) and cellula, -ae (fem.) (orig. a ... very small chamber!). Since the terms in vitro and in vivo use the ablative case, the properly derived term that parallels the two other accepted situations should be in cellaor in cellula (not "in cellulo"!!!).
In summary, the currently increasing use of "in cellulo" is incorrect since it does not respect the gender of the Latrin name for cell. One may argue that the Latin word "cellulum" ( which would be neutral) could be specially created to "force-fit" an ad hoc term for a phonetic equivalent to in vivo and in vitro, This could be justified by the fact that there is no true classical Latin word for a living cell, as mentioned above. However, there is a tradition in the scientific and medical literatures of the XVIIIth and XIXth centuries (in Latin) established for either cella or cellula. Cellulum simply never existed!
At this stage, editors could easily agree to recommend a change to in cellula in the immediate future before the mistake becomes too widespread to make a change in direction.
I wouldn't expect a large fraction of the biological community to care about this, since Latin isn't part of the curriculum for most younger biologists. But for old geezers who happened to spend several high school years studying Latin, I cannot tell how much it hurts every time I see "in cellulo" in print !
I think I will insert in cellula in my next manuscript and see what happens ...
So, who's with me? Or: "What? Me worry?"
Come Join Us:
We together declare:
Spirit is now filling my heart and my mind and my body with Its light.
I Believe in my ability to define my world by my ability to Believe In Truth, through my Creative Spirit.
Communion
We have been asked if our members can observe Communion at home. Yes - those of you who would like to partake in In Truth's Sacrament of Communion can follow these steps:
First , clear yourself by confessing your conscience - and asking God for forgiveness. (Which he gives to all freely in Grace -"For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace" Romans 6:14).
Second , get a small glass of water - lay your hands over the glass and pray the following: "My Lord God, I Thank You for Clearing Me, I Thank You for Blessing My Life Today and Every Day"
(Hold your hands over the water until you feel the energy in the water.)
Third , drink your newly blessed Communion Water.
READ THE PRAYER OF THE DAY - YOUR
Inner Truth Suggestion
**********
After reading the prayer of the day do Your Own Personal Questing:
Measure your Belief in today's Inner Truth Suggestion on the chart above.%. Your presence In Truth is always 100%.
0% - - - - - - - - - - 50 - - - - - - - - - - 100%
Together we pray today's
Prayer of the Day:
Dec 17 - Prayer >
Dec 21 - Prayer >
Dec 25 - Christmas Prayer
Dec 28 - Prayer >Programs
Sesame Street Halloween Party!
Dress up in your best costume for Halloween surprises, games and treats with your favourite Sesame Street friends! Decorate your own mini-pumpkin, and join our DJ for a dance party. Make sure to keep your camera handy for appearances by Walkarounds Elmo,Cookie Monster and Abby Cadabby!
Also: Halloween Bat Hunt
More Information
buy tickets
Event Times
- In English
- In FrenchAre you going to watch the Series Finale of “24”?
Greetings again one and all. As I mentioned in my last post, I have no intention of watching the series finale of Lost. However, I fully intend to watch the series finale of “24” on Fox tomorrow night.
24 was first broadcast a few weeks after the 9/11 attacks by Al Qeda. The plot revolves around 24 hours in the life of the series lead, Jack Bauer, a member of CTU, (Counter Terrorism Unit).
The network was concerned at first that the premise of the series, that some sort of major terrorist attack was underway, would cause panic among the American viewers. What actually happened was a hit series as Jack Bauer would do anything to save the nation.
Of course this usually entailed torture, summery executions and lots of whining from liberals. In fact real life liberals hated this show. They even managed to force the producers to not deal with our true enemies, radical Islamic fundamentalists or RIF’s as they are more commonly called.
One of the traditions of 24 was that Jack Bauer would save the day, it would come at a horrible personal cost to himself. In the first season his wife is murdered. In other seasons, friends, family, even his own nation would forsake him, or die tragic deaths.
The final season continues in this vein. Jack and his new lady, herself a badly damaged person, finely complete the mission albeit unsuccessfully and retire to Jack’s apartment for some fun and frolic. After some “frolicking” Jack’s girlfriend is shot by a sniper and dies.
Jack decides to go on the warpath. The president, determined to be the next Neville Chamberlain, orders Jack locked up. Jack, of course, escapes and begins his retribution.
Of course, reality has nothing to do with this show, but who gives a damn?
Of course, there will be the obligatory body count as Jack gains his revenge. So, who do you think will not survive Day 8? Let the world know.
Who does Jack Bauer kill in the last episode of "24"?
- Cole Ortiz (67%, 2 Votes)
- Jason Pillar (67%, 2 Votes)
- Targets to be identified later (67%, 2 Votes)
- Russian President Yuri Suvarov (67%, 2 Votes)
- Charles Logan (67%, 2 Votes)
- President Allison Taylor (67%, 2 Votes)
- Chloe O'Brian (33%, 1 Votes)
- Arlo Glass (0%, 0 Votes)
- Eden Linley (0%, 0 Votes)
- Secretary of Homeland Security Tim Woods (0%, 0 Votes)
Total Voters: 3
And of course, tell us if you’re going to watch the final episode of “24”.
Are you going to watch the series finale of "24"?
- Hell YES!! (100%, 3 Votes)
- YES (0%, 0 Votes)
- No, I'm a wimp. (0%, 0 Votes)
Total Voters: 3
~The Angry Webmaster~
Pingback: Tweets that mention Are you going to watch the Series Finale of “24”? « -- Topsy.com()
Pingback: nedb()
Pingback: angrywebmaster()The table below looks at the statistics for knowledge and experience of Avaya products and/or services in IT jobs advertised for the Burton-upon-Trent region. Included is a guide to the average salaries offered in IT jobs that have cited Avaya over the 3 months to 22 May Burton-upon-Trent region.
This chart provides a 3-month moving total of permanent IT jobs citing Avaya across the Burton-upon-Trent region as a proportion of the total demand within the Vendors category.
This chart provides the 3-month moving average for salaries quoted in permanent IT jobs citing Avaya across the Burton-upon-Trent region.HOME NFL Indianapolis Colts Gear Indianapolis Colts Mens Indianapolis Colts Mens Hats $20 to $40 (41 items) Product ID: 852414
Main Content
This item ships within one business day.
$4.99 flat rate shipping. See other shipping options. Colts logo and a team-colored bill while the back displays a Colts logo. It’s an amazing display of Indianapolis Colts.Coping with Fears of Recurrence
11/13/2010
Speaker: Helen L. Coons, PhD, ABPP
After initial treatment, it is common to have concerns about breast cancer coming back. Learn strategies to help you gain control of your thoughts, manage your anxiety, stay ahead "trigger" events and communicate your feelings. Explore resources for finding support and professional help, if desired.
Download the Podcast:
Fear of Recurrence_Coons_11.13.10.MP3 69.78 MB MP3 FileAn annual conundrum for those who set up a real Christmas tree in their home is what to do with the excess greenery trimmed from the base.
Do you toss branches in the trash, though it’s considered yard waste?
Do you use branches to fill in bare spots created when the tree fell from the car? How about using them to express your artistic flare?
With a little embellishment and creativity, excess trimmings add color and life to lonely ceramic pots once brimming with summer flowers or fall chrysanthemums.
Nature’s bounty
Seasonal porch pots or winter containers provide an option for using heavy, soil-filled planters rather than dragging them into the garage for winter. With a few elements from the yard and a little creativity, they become outdoor vases to display colors of the season.
While evergreen boughs are a popular choice, you do not have to restrict the decor to greenery.
Myriad options abound in the landscape, from the branches of red twig dogwood shrubs to the feathery plumes of ornamental grasses.
These holiday and winter-themed containers are becoming more popular as people look to embellish the front porch with something other than inflatable elves.
For holiday flair, add a few red ornaments to the base of the pot or tie on a red bow. Pine cones spray-painted silver and gold help set the holiday mood. They can be tied to pine boughs or used to fill in bare spots among other elements set in pots.
“I’ll use whatever I can find in the yard, even old perennials covered with seed heads,’’ said Sheryl O’Connor, of Ada, who was cutting branches from a red-twig dogwood shrub on a recent afternoon. “Different textures really help it to stand out and catch your eye.’’
O’Connor clipped seed heads from black-eyed Susan and a few large splays of false sunflower for the backdrop in one of her four porch pots. Some judicious pruning yielded berry-covered branches from an ornamental plum tree and yellow-gold berries from a flowering crab.
“I like to use pots with the soil still in it and stick the branches into the soil for support,’’ she said. “If it is too top-heavy, there’s a good chance it’ll get knocked over by the wind.’’
Even if your own yard does not have all of the essential ingredients for an attention-grabbing display, a stroll through the neighborhood or a nursery might yield what is missing.
Nature’s embrace
Wind plays havoc with more than holiday decor. Roses, rhododendrons, azaleas and many other landscape staples are at the mercy of Mother Nature if left out in the cold.
Pine branches arranged around the base and branches help mute the impact of winter’s cold slap. Branches can be arranged teepee-style around the trunks of newer trees to help prevent sun scald.
U-cut tree farms have piles of clipped branches they’d probably let you take for free.
But the real bounty comes right after Christmas when trees get dragged to the curb or to recycling centers. Armed with a sharp pruner or saw, you can likely get all the greenery you need for winter plant protection.
Avoid trees still upright and covered in lights, lest Santa bring you a lump of coal.
To learn more about Christmas Decor, including franchises operating in nearly 20 Michigan locations, visit christmasdecor.net. The Lakeshore area is served by Christmas Decor by Lakeshore Lighting in Holland, 616-890-3194.Tuesday, May 04, 2010
Artist Feature: DJ DANNY
Age : 19
D.O.B : 25th Of January , 1991
Fav. Artists :
2pac( R.I.P ) , B.I.G , Nas , Snoop Dogg , D.P.G , Outlawz , Dr.Dre , DMX ,
Lupe Fiasco , Game , Ice Cube , WC , Bohemia , Kanye West , Adil Omar , Linken Park , Entity Paradigm *
Fav. Producers :
Dr.Dre , Jonathan ''JR'' Rotem , Pharrel , Bohemia , Nitti , Lil Jon , Niggarachi , Reefa ,
Kanye West , Scott Storch , Timbaland , Jaz O , Konvict , Jim Jonsin , Panjabi MC
Cold Blooded (Crack & Dj Danny).mp3_
Born In Tripoli , Libya * Spent Most Of My Life There * Learned Arabic , French & English In The American International School I Went to *
I Got The Chance To Meet People From All Over The World . That Brought In Alot Of Cultures That Started To Blend With My Life .
Had The Privilege To Listen To Alot Of Different Categorized Music .
I Have Two Bigger Brothers Who Are Diehard Fans Of Pac !!
Thats How The Story With Rap Really Started . They Used To Be In Their Senoir Years . I Still Remember Listening To
" Dem Deathrow Joints " On The Way To School And Back Home.
So I Played Classic Rap Albums Back Then When I was A Kid It All Started Early .
Got My First Cd Player When I Was 8 .
All I Had Around Me Were Albums Of THe Most Notorious Westcoast Artists That Ever Existed .
I Loved The Sound & The Whole Feel To The Tracks .
First Rap Album I Ever Heard Was " All Eyes On Me " . Still Remember The Double Killer CD It Had .
A Personaly And Worldwide Favorite To Many Of His Fans .
Thats The Reason I Claim Pac & Pac Only As An Inspiration
To What Made Me Actually Want To Express Myself Through Rap *
We Never Had Pakistani Rappers . I Used To Wonder Why ????
Thanks To My Homie Aws ( Shoutout 2 T.R.I.P.S.I.D.E haha !! ) I Came Across THis Software When I Was 13-14
* It Was The Sound Forge Sound Editing CD .
I Started Editing ... I Never Took Tutorials ... Always Messing Around With The Programs ... I Ended Up Making Alot Of Remixes !!
People Started Calling Me The Mix-man / Deejay and all that / It All Hit Me ... I Took My Nickname And Added The DJ To It ==> Dj Danny *
In The Process Of These Remixes I Also Took Up Recording ... Made My First Track ( I Still Got It ) its Unreleased hahaa That is because it was quite horrible !!
So Thats How It Was .. I Joined Communities On Orkut Started To Have Beef With Some Crews / I Threw The Diss Track Out And That is When The Textees pissed
in their pants !!!! I Joined My Friends Crew Later On ( R.F.R - Rhyme For A Reason ) They Didn't Have The Mix-man And That is Where I Came in *
I Did My Magic . We Were Making Music Like crazy !!!!
I Improved With Every Collabed I Had ... My Rap Got Better ... Flow Became Flawless ... Lyrically Took It Easy , My Patterns Were Complex Though *
I Wanted To Give My Listeners Something To Relate To . I Didnt Want them to grab a Dictionary / Encyclopedia or start Google' shit out Just because Of
A Word That I Used . Rap Aint No English Class !!! I Do It My Way / Danny Boiii Style haha !!
Currently I'm At A Really Good Stage Of The Whole Rap Scene . My Tracks Are Getting Aired On Some Radio Channels In Pakistan .
Myspace Page Seems To Be Getting Loads Of Plays Every Month . Promotion On Websites Like These And Others . Pakistanis Are Really Going To Rap A Level Higher.
I got Mad Respect For Players Like Lazarus , Adil Omar & Bohemia For Giving Us The Hope & Belief *
We Have Alot Of Underground Talent In The Country & Some Great Producers In The Country Too , be It Rap In Any Sense And Form .
When It Comes To Punjabi Rap " Vic Crack / Waqas ' The Man Himself A Good Friend Of Mine
Knows It All . We've Worked On Some Hits Got Everybody To Bump To Our Tracks In Their Rides Etc *
I'm Observing The Rap Scene At Pak But at The Same Time I'm Busy With My University Life Overseas In Europe . A Student Of Petroleum Engineering *
I've Started To Produce For My First Album Working On The Beats Whenever I Get The Time . Release Date Sometime In The Years (2011/12)
-- I'm Calling It The ( DEFINITION OF D.O.P.E ) - And As Dope As The Name Sounds You Know I Take My Time With What And Who I Work With To Give You All The Hits *
Its Definitely Going To Be Grand Desi Hip Hop .
Stay Tuned For The Next Insignia & D.E.S.I Mix tapes This Year ... We've Got Alota Desi Sound To These Projects !
Peace *
Adnan Rao
Shoutout To The Rest Of My Affiliates
( Dj Mast , Nottie , D.Beam , RFR , Jamal , Desi-Flow , Asi Khan , Muneeb , TSP , FSC , Roxy , Deepa ,
MWA , Ittefaq , Gaggy , Minna , Misz Dee Bali Danger & The Whole Of Insignia !!!!! )
1 Love !!
Artist Links:,,
Posted by Mustafa Ahmad at 7:12 PM
Sav."
AQUA BY EL GAUCHO: The wait isn't as long anymore now that this waterfront bar/restaurant added 75 additional outdoor seats with views of Mount Rainier, the Space Needle and Olympic Sculpture Park. There are two firepits and a wind screen to shield you from the elements...
Some people pick up postcards or touristy T-shirts from places they visit to remember their trip. As for me, the best brand of memento from a trip is a favorite recipe shared by a chef that can be replicated at home — an edible souvenir to vicariously relive memorable moments of an amazing adventure.!
A bright, open space with sculptural lighting and barrel-backed chairs invites."Aqua by El Gaucho sits at the far end of Pier 70. The restaurant's glass front allows a panorama of the waterfront that is as awe-inspiring as the menu prices: Dinner entrees average $55. There is, however, an alternative to those pay-for-view prices: happy hour (4-6 p.m.) at Aqua's bar, a sinuous curve of pale blue glass along windows facing north. Here, skilled bartenders take as much care making 10-buck happy hour martinis and Manhattans as they do constructing pricier cocktails with an array of house-infused spirits. Wines by the glass, sangria and beer cost even less.” are thrilled to announce that Sivi Mennen, AQUA by El Gaucho's General Manager, was named one of four Tourism Ambassadors at the Visit Seattle Annual Meeting and Luncheon, held on Tuesday March 18th at the Sheraton Hotel. The Tourism Ambassador award recognizes those who uphold the highest service standards, and regularly go above and beyond to serve and assist visitors, promoting the industry and city. Read Article >
El Gaucho Hospitality Receives National Restaurant Neighbor Award,
Gifts Prize Money To Seattle’s Union Gospel Mission | April 17, 2013
OLYMP.... Read Article > | View Video >
El Gaucho Hospitality’s Chad Mackay is named the Washington Restaurant Association’s
2012 Full Service Operator of the Year | January 17, 2013
The Washington Restaurant Association (WRA) this week honored Chad Mackay, president and chief operating officer of El Gaucho Hospitality, as its 2012 Full Service Operator of the Year, for his extraordinary service within the industry, the community and beyond.... Read Article >
El Gaucho Hospitality named Washington State Wine Commission’s
2012 Restaurant Group of the Year | January 14, 2013
Washington State Wine Awards toast people, places that make wine shine
After a decade of honoring restaurants, the Washington State Wine Commission expanded its prestigious award program to celebrate additional industries and individuals whose work raises the profile of Washington State wine throughout the state and beyond... Read Article >
A Special Seahawks Plane Flew All Over Washington, Because That's How Seattle Rolls
huffingtonpost.com
"If the Super Bowl were won in the air, the Seahawks would already be champions. Boeing decked out a 747-8 jet in Seahawks paint, with special script on the side that says "Spirit of 12s Go Hawks!" The plane took a strange flight path on Thursday-- for five and a half hours, it flew over Eastern Washington in a '12' pattern, a nod to Seahawks fans who call themselves "The 12th Man.” Read Article >
The Super Bowl Champ's Guide to Seattle | Conde Nast Traveler
cntraveler.com
"The.” Read Article >
36 Reasons Seattle Not Only Won The Super Bowl, But Also Wins At Life
huffingtonpost.com
"#21. Only from Seattle could you spend a day visiting Canada or skiing or hiking a million mountains, and still be back in time for oyster dinner at Aqua.” Read Article >
Love at first bite | Rare bites from the Certified Angus Beef® brand
gorare.com
"Celebrate love at first bite and join us on a journey to exquisite taste. Step inside the best restaurants in the country. Sharpen your chef knife and prepare an amazing meal at home. Whether your sweetheart prefers fine dining or homemade extravagance, you can make it a Valentine’s Day to remember!.” Read Article >
More than a Restaurant | Angus Journal
angusjournal.com
"When people want to celebrate life, they do it with steak,” says Chad Mackay, president and COO of El Gaucho Hospitality, which includes five successful restaurant properties operated by his family in the Seattle, Wash., and Portland, Ore., areas. To meet and exceed the expectations for those celebratory events, El Gaucho has created an ambiance — from the food, atmosphere and service — that is long- remembered by patrons. “Guests receive personal attention, the water glass never goes below an inch and every lady is escorted to the ladies’ room” are said to be hallmarks of El Gaucho.” Read Article >
Scotch & Oysters at AQUA by El Gaucho | December 2013
mybelltown.com
"Recently the Aqua by El Gaucho and The Scotch Malt Whisky Society paired up to host an event called The Pearl Dram Whisky and Oyster Pairing. The native oyster season coincided with the 30th anniversary of The Society making for an amazing experience, one that this blogger will remember for a very long time. The evening started out with an introduction to The Scotch Malt Whiskey Society by Georgie Bell, the global ambassador for the The Society. She told the story of how The Society came to be, how they operate, and choose the casks from the hundreds of distilleries large and small all over Scotland.” Read Article >
Key Players: Seattle's Piano-Bar Pros | December 2013
seattlemag.com
...” Read Article >
AQUA Thanksgiving mention on the Seattle Met’s Nosh Pit | November 13, 2013
seattlemet.com
pm- 8pm, 206-956-9171. Prix fixe: $39..” Read Article >
Bivalves, Drams, and a Pinch of Wit. | November 11, 2013
jackiewrites.com
"A..” Read Article >
El Gaucho's Mark Joseph on 25 Years Serving Portland | October 30, 2013
pdx.eater.com
"Long before there were celebrity bartenders, complicated cocktails, or even happy hour, there was Mark Joseph. The bar manager for Portland's El Gaucho for the last 13 years and counting, Joseph, 51, is a familiar face on the local bar scene, with more than 25 years of experience at the likes of Lovejoy Tavern, Casa-U-Betcha, and Veritable Quandry. (And when he isn't at El Gaucho, or at home with his family, you can catch him at his little brother's bar, the Morrison Hotel, in Southeast Portland)...” Read Article >
Seattle by the sea: Aqua by El Gaucho | October 7, 2013
Examiner.com
"Most residents of Seattle are in no hurry to see another volcanic eruption, that is, unless it's the Emerald City Volcano, a flamboyant flaming dessert that is served tableside after sunset at AQUA by El Gaucho. Back in the Fifties, Seattle's original El Gaucho was the epitome of "class" as measured by the standards of the Rat Pack and Vegas. Seasoned waiters in tuxedos tossed Caesar salads and ignited desserts. The seductive supper club atmosphere made El Gaucho the definitive destination for Seattle romance, right up to its closing in 1985...” Read Article >
$100 margarita! America's most expensive cocktails | June 14, 2013
CNN Travel ~ El Series (El Gaucho, Portland, Oregon)
...” Read Article >
Eat, Play, and Stay on the Waterfront | April 17, 2013
Follow up article of Taste Washington in the Puget Sound Business Journal.
The Seattle Met highlights the Seattle Waterfront and AQUA is first
on the list in the article “Eat, Play, and Stay on the Waterfront” Read Article >
Serious Eats: Drinks in the “Somm Sez”
"I like a sparkling wine or a crisp citrusy white, such as Vinho verde from Portugal. And always, what most Sommeliers agree: Champagne goes with everything." —Lee Spires, AQUA by El Gaucho (Seattle)
View >
Blog Posts reviewing recent visits to El Gaucho Seattle:
view Sound Living Seattle Blog >
view Once Upon a Bite Blog >
The Best of Bellevue Haute Picks
El Gaucho Bellevue was recently voted The Best Power Lunch spot for the 4th year in the “The Best of Bellevue Haute Picks” sponsored by the Bellevue Downtown Association. They also received runner up in the following categories: Most Romantic Dinner, Best Cocktail (The Gaucho Cosmo), and Best Wine List.
Chad Mackay and Ken Sharp were on King TV morning news with Christie Johnson
to promote Taste Washington.
Restaurants share the spotlight with wine at Taste Washington | March 25, 2013
Follow up article of Taste Washington in the Puget Sound Business Journal.
Most popular – The Taylor Shellfish and Aqua by El Gaucho oyster bar, shucking and serving unlimited quantities of fresh oysters.
Read Article >
Beverage Media Group interview with Lee Spiresn | March 27, 2013
Lee Spires, Asst. General Manager and Wine Captain at AQUA by El Gaucho, interviewed by Beverage Media Group and
included in their newsletter... Read Interview >
Bellevue Downtown Magazine recommends El Gaucho | Spring 2013
El Gaucho Bellevue listed in Bellevue Downtown Publication as a place to have a date night.
Located on page 4 of the linked magazine pdf. Read Article >
New Local Spirits, Tasting Parties and Other Drinking News | March 7, 2013
El Gaucho is a "Society Spot" for Scotch.
All Scotch lovers, perk up. Seattle’s revered restaurant El Gaucho was recently named one of three “Society Spots” by the Scotch Malt Whisky Society. What does that mean? That the bar in the restaurant now has a number of rare and limited-edition scotches that up until recently have only been available to members of the Society, and that patrons of El Gaucho can now sample these exclusive tipples. An interesting side note: Seattle has the most Scotch drinkers per capita in the United States. If you’re one of them, then head down to the restaurant for your Scotch fix... Read Article >
BETTER BURGERS | February 28, 2013 for happy hour... Read Article >
El Gaucho Tacoma celebrates Murray Morgan Bridge Week | February 12, 2013
Weekly Volcano— What makes dining at a bar awesome? Is it the drinks themselves, coming fast and fresh and teetering on a long communal bar? The ease of eavesdropping or starting a conversation with the women by your side? Dining under twinkly lights with live music in the background? Is it dining where the bartender knows "your" drink?... Read Article >
Piano man has no shortage of job offers, gigs | February 9, 2013
The News Tribune— Juan Perez shares a champagne toast celebrating his new gig playing piano at El Gaucho restaurant Monday. A group who had heard about him starting at El Gaucho reserved the seating around the glass-topped piano to welcome him after he was laid off from playing piano at Nordstrom... Read Article >
Q&A: Chad Mackay of Mackay Restaurants | February 4, 2013
Portland Business Journal—Q&A: Chad Mackay of Mackay Restaurants on the recession, liquor sales and entrepreneurship. Read Article >
Former piano player at Tacoma Mall Nordstrom quickly finds new job, performing at El Gaucho | January 29, 2013
The News Tribune— Juan Perez has a new job. He had played piano on the main floor at the Tacoma Mall Nordstrom store for 27 years, and he heard just over a week ago that the store was going in a more “modern” direction and would offer its customers recorded music instead. In a story in Monday’s edition of The News Tribune, Perez said that his real ambition was to play at the upscale El Gaucho restaurant in downtown Tacoma.El Gaucho general manager James Capangpangan asked Tuesday morning for contact information. A few hours later, Perez confirmed that he had received an offer.... Read Article >
Happy Hour Hug: El Gaucho Tacoma has late-night deals daily | January 28, 2013
Weekly Volcano— Late-night happy hour? Yes, please! In December 2012 El Gaucho Tacoma quielty extended its happy hour for its regulars to enjoy. It now offers happy hour prices from 4 p.m. to close Sunday-Thursday, 4-6 p.m. and 9 p.m. to close Friday and 9 p.m. to close Saturday. For those who have never experienced El Gaucho's happy hour, it's for those who enjoy discounted gourmet food in a dimly-lit, fine-dining atmosphere with live piano music and not a cardboard-crusted pizza delivered by... Read Article >
The Inn at El Gaucho | January 17, 2013
Oyster.com— names The INN at El Gaucho
a “Seattle Hot Spot,” highlights the
Inn in this video.. View Video >
Slurpless
in Seattle | January 16, 2013
No Umbrella The Seattle Travel Blog— On Pier 70, AQUA by El Gaucho offers an elegant bar and happy hour menu with fresh, seasonal Taylor Shellfish Farms oysters. Or, try the halibut ceviche or Ahi tuna tartar. If the stunning Elliott Bay view is as close to the sea as you want to be, go for turf-steak and frites. Read Article >
Drinks Highlighted Lee Spires of AQUA by El Gaucho
Serious Eats— For most pizza, I feel that the dominating factor would be the sauce, or the interaction between the sauce, dough, and cheese. I like to go back to the origins of pizza for the pizza pairing challenge. The Sangiovese grape is one that speaks to me when I think of Italy.... Read Article >
VIEW OUR PRESS ARCHIVES ≫Also serving Manchester, Lakehurst, Bayville, Beachwood, Whiting Lacey, and Brick
Dr. Pepper's Flooring
Are your floors in bad shape? If you're beginning to look for replacement flooring to rejuvenate the look of your property, stop by Dr. Pepper's Flooring at 600 Mule Rd today to browse our wide selection of carpeting, hardwood, laminate, and tile flooring.
Services are also available to restore your carpeting.
Sometimes, even if you think there's no way, carpets can be restored rather than replaced. With experienced professionals and the truck mount carpet cleaning system we use here at Dr. Pepper's Flooring, we can provide you will the services to make your carpets look as good as new.
Get to Know Dr. Pepper's Flooring:
Transform your property with brand new flooring and carpet cleaning services. Stop by our showroom at 600 Mule Rd or call 732-281-1000 today to receive your FREE estimate on our carpet cleaning services.PPRuNe Forums
>
PPRuNe Social
>
Jet Blast
> The great british driving school
PDA
View Full Version :
The great british driving school
Jinkster
20th Jan 2004, 06:20
anyone see it?
How did you all do?
What do you think to gabby logan (the female presenter) :ok:
surely not
20th Jan 2004, 06:27
Yep, I saw it and scored against Mrs SN at home. I got 6 wrong and Mrs SN got 9 wrong. New found respect for those who take their theory tests, something I didn't have to do all those years ago!
AA SLF
20th Jan 2004, 14:38
hmmm -- they actually TRY to teach British drivers how to drive?? How droll ...... :cool:
Grainger
20th Jan 2004, 16:51
Well, obviously I'm in love with Gabby . . . :O
. . . but I'm also very very scared to go out on the roads today !!!
hostie
20th Jan 2004, 17:18
I saw it too and have this simple question...
How many others knew the stopping distance, but in feet not metres?!?!?!?!?
Don't you think that was a very ageist question?!?!?
:\ (or is it just me - I'm not even that old either, but I didn't have to do a theory test when I got my license - thankfully!)
Jinkster
20th Jan 2004, 17:49
Didnt know the stopping distance at all myself.
Anyone know the formula how to work it out?
Load of garbage anyway - it all depends whether you have a Lotus or a beat up Ford Sierra.
Whirlygig
20th Jan 2004, 17:57
Watched the prog but missed the last few minutes with the results. Can anyone tell me the score? Presumably the men won ;)
I got one wrong about overtaking horses with solid white line. Managed to guess the stopping distance in metres (i.e. dividing 240 ft by 3 and a bit!) but agree, v. ageist :)
Cheers
Whirlygig
Grainger
20th Jan 2004, 18:03
Jinks;
In feet, it always used to be your speed plus 1/20 of your speed squared. The linear part is supposed to be reaction time and the squared part the actual braking distance.
So for 60 mph you get 60 +180 = 240 feet then divide by 3 and a bit for metres as wg says.
However, you only have to remember one figure: 70 mph has always been 100 yds/metres so shouldn't have been too hard to guess that the answer for 60 mph would be a bit less than 6/7 of 100.
ratsarrse
20th Jan 2004, 18:08
Just memorising some theoretical stopping distances doesn't make you any better at driving, so I shouldn't worry about it too much. The distances are fairly arbitrary as they don't take into account persoanl alertness and reaction time, braking effectiveness, road surface, weather conditions etc. I use the 2 second rule myself, 3 seconds in wet conditions, and 4 seconds when conditions are really bad.
flowman
20th Jan 2004, 18:10
By which time you've hit the wall!
Bloody mathemeticians (again).:rolleyes:
Edited to say: ratsarse you got in before me!
Quite agree, two seconds is much easier.
Jerricho
20th Jan 2004, 20:22
I would love to drive Gabby.................did I say that out loud?
Grainger
20th Jan 2004, 21:41
ratsarrse: you are absolutely right - what's important is the ability to judge distances out on the open road, not to be able to quote figures from a list.
How many drivers would be able to reply correctly if asked to point out an object that was 315 feet away ?
How many would be able to reply correctly if asked "could you stop from here before reaching that lamp post / tree / line ?" - in my experience, most drivers tend to vastly over-estimate the distance needed to stop at low speed, but they under-estimate it at high speeds.
vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2015, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.
SEO by
vBSEO
3.6.1THE CLASSIC EICHLER ATRIUM COURTYARD MODELS
Joe Eichler’s career as a builder took off after the family rented a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. As Ned describes it, Joe was never the same after the experience. Touched by Wright’s designs, Eichler sought to bring a similar simplicity and modernity to suburban American homes. In doing so, he began a long professional relationship with architect Bob Anshen of Anshen & Allen, a follower of Wright. Anshen was one of a new breed of designer who was bringing modern architecture to middleclass, postwar developments. The classic Eichler home at 728 Gailen Ave. in Palo Alto was designed by Anshen and Allen.
The Eichler Atrium as Joseph Eichler envisioned the space: an outdoor room suitable for entertaining
Given the control Eichler held over his models, it is interesting that one of the most recognizable features of his homes, the atrium, was adopted almost by accident. After a young Japanese-American designer in the firm first sketched up an atrium design, architect Anshen refined this ancient Roman and Japanese architectural feature until it became the culmination and greatest flowering of Eichler home design. Eichler’s E-11 & E-21 models, such as 728 Gailen Ave., were the first to incorporate the atrium as it is now recognized. Although fewer than 10% of Eichler homes feature atriums, this element aided in making these houses incredibly popular and made Eichler a household name.
The Adobe Park & Adobe Meadow subdivisions were among the most luxurious Eichler homes built. They incorporate the very best ideas of the Eichler design/building organization. These two subdivisions had larger lots than before, with a minimum lot size of a 9,000sq ft, each laid out with the utmost privacy in mind. Adjacent cul-de-sacs create an even more private feel to each home’s backyard, especially at 728 Gailen Avenue. The lot sizes are irregular, providing more space between the home’s side yards, allowing potential room for expansion of the master bedroom and bath. The master bedroom has a very private view of the yard and potentially its own separate garden area with the very large side yard.
The E-11 and E21 atrium designs contained 4 bedrooms and a second bathroom, features considered a luxury for developments of the time. Another forward-thinking design element was the integrated kitchen, family room and bonus room. What is striking about these designs is how prescient the architects were in providing spaces that homeowners could use for a variety of purposes. For example, the one bedroom that shares a sliding glass door with the atrium can also be used as an office. Visitors to the office can enter through the courtyard and hence avoid disturbing the family. Another user -defined space is the bonus room which accommodates an indoor laundry. When the laundry closet doors are closed, this space can function as a guest room, office, exercise room or hobby room.
In this model design, the family room is larger than the living room, and the kitchen is completely integrated into the family room. Eichler architects offered something that is very popular in today’s new homes and remodels: a combination kitchen/family room or “great room” in which families and guests can gather without traditional boundaries.
The genius of the atrium is the light that it brings into the central ”heart” of the home. Most homes built in this era had windowless hallways with natural light only coming in through the back or front yard. Most tract homes in Palo Alto and on the San Francisco Peninsula have bedrooms situated along the side lot lines with a view of a 6’ tall fence separated by a five-foot setback. Very little light that comes into these bedrooms, and hallways are like dark tunnels. By contrast, imagine walking into an Eichler atrium style home where all hallways have floor to ceiling glass walls along the atrium, and the kitchen and family room have light streaming in not only through the glass walls facing the yard, but on the atrium glass walls as well. The result is a natural light-filled home like no other available.
The atrium design creates a transitional space of calm, quiet serenity in contrast to the sleek, but architecturally austere exterior of an Eichler home. The visitor has a beautifully landscaped, transitional space to walk through so the home itself does not need to devote interior square footage to an impressive entry space. For many, the atrium provides a further layer of security, as visitors can be screened through an intercom, videocam or simply their voice, before they are admitted inside the home perimeter.
The atrium “heart” of the home also provides the family with strong visual connection. Wherever you are in an Atrium home, you can look out and see any family in public spaces such as the kitchen or great room. On the other hand, just closing a bedroom door ensures privacy. In an Atrium style home you have connectedness and solitude as you need them.April 15
Africa: Revealed - The Digital Poverty Holding Back Global Growth and Development
The Global Information Technology Report 2015 finds a growing digital divide within and across countries, with the full economic and social benefits of the internet only available... Read more »
Africa: Revealed: the Digital Poverty Holding Back Global Growth and Development [press release]
The Global Information Technology Report 2015 finds a growing digital divide within and across countries, with the full economic and social benefits of the internet only available... Read more »
January 23
Africa: Will Africa Feed Itself Within the Next 15 Years? [analysis]
Africa will be able to feed itself in the next 15 years. That's one of the big "bets on the future" that Bill and Melinda Gates have made in their foundation's latest annual... Read more »
January 22
Africa: President Sisi of Egypt Vows to Address National and Regional Challenges [press release]
President Abdelfattah Said Hussein Sisi of Egypt, speaking at the 45th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting, said that the many challenges Egypt faces will not distract him from the... Read more »
South Africa: BRICS Retain Strong Potential Despite Recent Economic Slowdown [press release]
Ministers, industrialists and academics from the BRICS countries told participants at the 45th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting that all five countries’ economies have... Read more »
May 12, 2014
Africa: Can Africa Lead the Way to a Sustainable Future? [column]
Africa is on a remarkable growth trajectory, with many analysts predicting economic growth to remain above 5 percent for the foreseeable future. This is to some extent underpinned... Read more »
May 09, 2014
Africa: Investors Should Wake Up to Africa [column]
Africa's rise is increasingly taken for granted, but the corresponding quantity and quality of investment flows often don't match up to the positive sentiment. Indeed, emerging... Read more »
-
Africa: Connected Solutions to Power, and Empower, Africa [column]
Roughly two out of three sub-Saharan Africans - around 600 million people - have no access to electricity. Incidentally, approximately the same number remain without a mobile... Read more »
Africa: Are Tech Companies Key to African Growth? [column]
As tech companies begin to take root and grow in Africa, I believe we have an opportunity to change lives, forge communities and build the continent. Read more »
Africa: How Africa Is Reinventing the Social Enterprise [column]
What does sustainability mean to Africa? The continent has embraced the buzzword in the same way Western nations have, but are we adapting it to the African context? Read more »
Nigeria: #bringbackourgirls - Safe Schools Initiative Launched [column]
Bring Back our Daughters. Protect the Future of Our Girls. The messages on the banners held by heartbroken mothers and fathers could not be clearer. The parents of the girls who... Read more »
Africa: Africa Cannot Afford to Fail Its Youth [column]
The 24th World Economic Forum on Africa takes place at an important time for the continent. This year saw the death of Nelson Mandela, one of Africa's most eminent sons; 2014 marks... Read more »
May 08, 2014
Africa: Lagos, City of Dreams and Nightmares [Blog]
A few hundred miles from Abuja, the host city of the World Economic Forum on Africa 2014, lies the sprawling city of Lagos. This city, more than any other in Africa, illustrates... Read more »
Africa: Four Overlooked Factors Behind Africa's Economic Success [Blog]
The African economic success story is by now a well-reported fact. More than half of the world's 10 fastest-growing economies are in Africa, and the continent's economy is... Read more »
-
May 07, 2014
Nigeria: Why Nigeria Needs To Focus On Inclusive Growth [Blog]
Countries and governments that host World Economic Forum meetings have a habit of attracting the attention of the world's media, but this will hardly need to be the case when... Read more »
Africa: #BringBackOurGirls and protect all Nigeria's schoolchildren [Blog]
The kidnapping of over 200 schoolgirls in northern Nigeria is beyond outrageous. Sadly, it is just the latest battle in a savage war waged against the fundamental right of all... Read more »
Africa: How Africa Is Fighting Back Against Ebola [Blog]
This year's outbreak of the Ebola virus disease in Guinea has killed 147 people, and counting. In 2013, Ebola and Marburg viruses re-emerged in the Democratic Republic of Congo and... Read more »
May 06, 2014
Africa: How African entrepreneurs are bringing power to the people [Blog]
I see huge promise for growth in sub-Saharan Africa. The region is home to six of the 10 fastest growing economies in the world. A majority of Africans will belong to the middle... Read more »
May 05, 2014
Africa: Who's Coming to the World Economic Forum on Africa? [Blog]
The World Economic Forum on Africa will take place for the first time in Abuja, Nigeria, under the theme Forging Inclusive Growth, Creating Jobs. More than 900 leaders from... Read more »
May 02, 2014
Africa: World Economic Forum in Abuja Next Week Ahead Amid Tightened Security [press release]
The World Economic Forum has received assurances from President Goodluck Ebele Jonathan that security arrangements in Abuja will ensure a smooth and successful meeting next week... Read more »
September 04, 2013
Africa: Is Africa Competitive? [document]
North.May 31, 2015
LEARN MORE
Packed full with entertainment, great food, events and special attractions. Bike Shows, Poker Runs, Guided Tours, Party Nights, Tattoo and Bikini Contests, Over 100 Vendors, Live Music, Outdoor Concerts, Pig Pickin & more! Visit our website for full schedule.
Ride Schedule:
Monday: 4/20 - "Carolina Explorer Ride" - touring local attractions of the Outer Banks.
Tuesday: 4/21 - "Corolla Ride" - Enjoy a ride to Corolla and tour the Wildlife Center, followed by lunch in Kitty Hawk.
Wednesday: 4/22 - "Fallen Rider Memorial Ride" - Touring coastal Carolina's Lake Mattamuskeet area.
Thursday: 4/23 - "Graveyard of the Atlantic Ride" - Ride to Hatteras Island for lunch and visit the Graveyard of the Atlantic Museum.
These open group rides will have lunch breaks and photo stops. Fuel and restroom breaks approximately every 90 miles. Riders are responsible for their own food cost. Arrive for registration early....only 40 bikes per ride.
Address & Phone
Nags Head Harley Davidson
Nags Head, NC 27959
Event Date
Apr 18, 2015 - Apr 26, 2015
Event Price
June 14, 2015
LEARN MORE
May 31, 2015
LEARN MORE
Tell us about your OBX experience.
Take Our Survey!!The Night Jesus Came To Eva
I just read an amazing story from Eric Metaxas‘s excellent book Miracles. It’s a story about a woman named Eva Meyer, the daughter of a brilliant physicist, Dr. C.J. Meyer. Dr. Meyer was as gentle as he was brilliant and a loving father, but unfortunately his other daughter, Eva’s sister, didn’t take after him or her mother.
In the early 1990s Eva was given her sister’s infant daughter to care for, and later, her infant son as well. Eva raised them as her own for four years. She also did her best to protect them from the destructive lifestyle of their parents’ who were ensnared in substance abuse. Eva’s sister would spontaneously take them away from time to time, but Eva had no custody rights to the children and was helpless in the situation.
About ten years passed. Eva’s sister was living in Seattle and now had six children. The oldest of them was ten. Eva’s sister said she wanted to pay Eva a visit and flew out to her home in Connecticut for Christmas. But what she really wanted was a life without her own kids. She left them with Eva and flew back to Seattle. Soon after she and her new boyfriend fell off the radar.
One day Eva was living her life and then literally overnight: she had complete responsibility for six kids. Poor Eva was so weary from the lies and manipulations of her sister over the years that this new situation, this expectation, this unexpected but unavoidable obligation to care for six young children completely overwhelmed her. She found herself struggling to connect with the youngest, eighteen month old Jonathan. She kept her distance emotionally. She guarded her heart from him because as it’s been said, the price of love is grief. And who knew? Her older sister could sweep in and take them all away suddenly and without warning as had happened before.
Eva also became angry, even enraged at her sister. “Drowning in rage” was the way she herself put it. That first night she wept and cried out to God continually.
That’s when something curious happened. As she lay there crying she noticed a shadow on the wall, and as shadows sometimes do this one looked somewhat like the silhouette of a man. But the more she stared at it the more it looked like a real man. Soon it was growing in size and appeared to be moving toward her. By the time it reached the foot of her bed she recognized the figure as Jesus. She was terrified. She became keenly aware of the loathing she had toward her sister. And then a scripture came out of her, it seemed to just erupt from inside her, spilling out of her lips, she said, “Have mercy on me, Jesus! I am a woman of unclean lips and I live among a people of unclean lips!” (Isaiah 6:5)
At this point she was sure she would experience the wrath of God. And she knew in her heart she deserved the wrath of God. But what happened next was Jesus, with eyes burning and his hand lifted over her in benediction, prayed for her.
And her fear and rage melted under the love and warmth of His presence. Eva says, “waves and waves of the safest, warmest love enveloped me. I felt like I did when I was a baby and my dad rocked me in his arms till I fell asleep. I kept whispering… oh, please, Jesus… stay with me… I love you… thank you, Jesus…”
Shortly after sunrise He was gone. But during the night Eva’s rage was replaced with courage, and strength, and peace, and even joy and overwhelming love. She was free to love those kids. And she was free to love her sister.
It was a miracle.
How To Be Free Like Eva
I so need for what happened to Eva to happen to me. Maybe you need it too. Too often I look at the behavior of the people close to me and convince myself that my situation is special. I convince myself that I’m justified in my anger and frustration toward them. Usually the person is just behaving like millions of other human beings behave–and there’s nothing extraordinarily special about it.
But even if there is an offense, as there surely was in Eva’s case, there’s a certain response prescribed for me by Jesus.
But my instinct is so contrary to that response. When I feel offended I don’t want to get even–I want to get ahead.
Jesus says something different though. This is what He says.
“But I say to you who hear, Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who abuse you.” (Luke 6:27-28)
When I do this, when you do this, we’re freed from our anger, bitterness, and resentment. We might feel like we’re giving something up when we follow those words of Jesus, but when we let go of our unforgiveness, when we love the way He says to love, we become free. This is how Eva loved. And to love like Eva, we have to cry out to God like Eva.
Why You Can’t Add Jesus To Your Life
What I want is to add Jesus to my life. I want to remain undisturbed and uninterrupted and have Jesus. I don’t want to be bothered by people–but I want to have Jesus. I want to do what I want when I want and have Jesus. I want to have enough money to be comfortable and have Jesus. I want to be entertained and have Jesus. But what am I thinking? That’s not at all what Jesus said it would be like to follow Him.
Jesus said we have to trade. We have to give our life in exchange for him, in exchange for Jesus. Jesus tells us, “If anyone would come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me.”
If we try to hold onto our undisturbed comfortable life, we’ll lose our soul in the process. Jesus said, “For whoever would save his life will lose it, but whoever loses his life for my sake will find it. For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world and forfeits his soul?” (Matthew 16:24-26)
I heard Francis Chan say that when we look at Philippians chapter 3 we see the part about knowing Jesus, and we like that. And then we see the part about experiencing the power of his resurrection, and we like that. And then comes the next part, the part that says we get to know the fellowship of his sufferings–and we don’t like that. We even try to ignore that part. But without a doubt suffering is a part of the Christian life. (Philippians 3)
Jesus said, “If anyone loves me, he will keep my word, and my Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our home with him. Whoever does not love me does not keep my words.” (John 14:23-24)
To keep Jesus’ words cry out to God the way Eva did. Ask Him to help you love the way Eva loved those kids and even her sister. Ask Him to help you “Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you, pray for those who abuse you.” Yes it’s not easy. And yes you will suffer.
The thing is, Jesus is worth it.
References:
Eric Metaxas, Miracles, Dutton Adult, 2014
Francis Chan, Crazy Love, David C. Cook, 2013
Image via Daniel Roy – Creative CommonsProven
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription to Introduction to College Writing (FYW1050H)
- Honors Christianity in Context (RTS1100H)
- Honors Introduction (about 5 to 6 times per semester) to reflect on their service experience. The successful completion of a student’s service and of HON2001H-HON2002H will count as one honors course. Click here to view the syllabus.
Third Year
- All Honors Students are required to design an independent project or an additional assignment(s) in a non-honors course, the Honors Component. The Component should be completed by the Spring Semester of your Junior Year. (Honors Component).
- Honors Senior Capstone I (HON4001H) 2cr – Spring
Fourth Year
- Honors Senior Capstone II (HON4002H) 2cr - Fall
See details in attached “Honors Senior Capstone” Guidelines.iHerb Customer Reviews
Great Shampoo- Lovely Smell
39 people found the following review helpful
!
22 people found the following review helpful
17 people found the following review helpful
!
8 people found the following review helpful
Posted by Reviewer2346507 on Jul 01, 2012
I bought this shampoo and the conditioner for my 90 yr old mother. It treated her dry itchy scalp and left her gray hair soft, shiny and manageable.
Excellent
8 people found the following review helpful
Excellent product at a affordable price.Demi Lovato slams Gaga for glamorizing eating disorders at SXSW gig
Demi Lovato has slammed Lady Gaga's recent puke-filled SXSW performance saying that the singer has glamorized eating disorders.
The 'Skyscraper' singer tweeted that it was sad as she had been through a s*** ton and therefore, Gaga's performance was not cool or artsy at all, Us Magazine reported.
The 21-year-old singer said that artists in pop culture have influence on people and young people who struggle to figure out their identities are seriously influenced by the things that they see their idols do.
Lovato ended her message to the 'Poker Face' singer on a positive note where she wrote, "No hate, no shade, just love".
The pop rock singer reflected on her own personal trials when she entered rehab back in October 2010 to seek treatment for "physical and emotional issues".
(Posted on 16-03-2014)
Free Yearly Horoscope: Select your zodiac sign
Pisces | Aquarius | Capricorn | Sagittarius | Scorpio | Libra | Virgo | Leo | Cancer | Gemini | Taurus | AriesStudy participants gained significantly less weight in their pregnancies when compared with controls (mean weight gain 17 versus 34 pounds, respectively; P = 0.008). Secondary outcomes of preeclampsia, gestational diabetes, cesarean section, as well as infant birth weight did not significantly differ between the groups.
So the groups were too small to really say anything about whether or not controlling weight gain in pregnancy in a population of obese women actually lowers PE rates. In this very small population, it did not -- but there's proof of concept: this tactic did significantly reduce pregnancy weight gain. So now they'll try it in a larger population and check to see whether or not it actually lowers risk of preeclampsia etc. (Personally I suspect it will not affect PE rates, since PE seems to be driven by a placental mismatch. But this would be how to figure out whether or not larger weight gains are causing PE or just correlated to".Member? Sign in. Not a member? Register for free.
This app was removed from the App Store.
Safer Browser
iOS Universal Lifestyle
Safer Browser is the lightweight web browser for your children and people you want to protect while in the internet.
Check the Mac version on the Mac.
Safer Browser is the ultimate solution to protect your children while in the internet!
Check the Mac version on the Mac App Store!The Man Who Loved Chekhov
Published: July 6, 2003
(Page 3 of 3)
The moralizing bent of Wood's profound, searching and bogglingly learned criticism has more than a whiff of the ecclesiastical about it. In an essay on Thomas Mann, he lauds Mann's ''Magic Mountain'' because although it is an allegory of the sickness of European culture (allegory not being a form beloved by Wood, because of the unrealistic way it is ''always saying: watch me''), it is a ''novel about that sickness, full of a novel's sympathy for those who do not deserve it, and for ideas which do not deserve it.'' This, if I may permit myself to indulge in a term that I suspect Wood doesn't have much use for, is a bit of a metacriticism -- because, as it happens, it perfectly captures the tone of many of Wood's judgments, which for all their intellectual earnestness can come across as slightly condescending. Like a benevolent priest silently looking over a wayward congregation every Sunday morning, Wood understands the failings of his subjects, and forgives them in the name of a higher authority. Poor Updike: ultimately trivial because he ''cannot really imagine God's terrible absence from a life''; wayward Flaubert! -- he suffers in comparison to Chekhov because realism is merely a ''stylistic agony'' to the former but a ''moral necessity'' to the latter. And so on. Just as significant as his dislikes are Wood's likes: Jane Austen wins his approval because in her work, the ''agitation of consciousness'' to which her heroines invariably are subject is not only good but ''a good''; D. H. Lawrence earns his enthusiasm because he knows how to uncover (''religiously'') things that are not seen, but whose ''hidden'' presence he intuits. Wood approvingly cites a 1915 letter from Lawrence to Ottoline Morrell that refers to the way in which ''at the bottom one knows the eternal things, and is glad.''
''Knows the eternal things''? Hmm. The real standard operating here is a religious one: Wood's own hidden criterion for books is their ability to deliver transcendence, to provide access to the hidden but immanent truths of the universe. (Or at least to struggle with that transcendence, those truths.) Yet there's only one Good Book that claims to be able to deliver what Wood wants; all other good (and even great) books may provide ecstasy and revelation, but the ecstasy is aesthetic, and the revelation can only be about patchy, inconclusive human things that we already know (since we write the books ourselves). Wood has commented of Nietzsche and Camus that ''both of them realize that God cannot be destroyed by 'philosophy' as such, but can only be exchanged for a form of rival belief'': it seems clear that Wood, having broken with God, has set up the novel as His rival. But he believes in the novel with the unyielding belief of the fundamentalist, rather than the gentler and more complicated passion of the true humanist.
This, among other things, helps explain his most glaring failing as a critic: a total lack of humor. That comparison of Flaubert and Chekhov -- to say nothing of his dismissal of allegory, of magic realism, and the kind of postmodern narrative halls-of-mirrors you find in DeLillo and his followers -- reminds you that a consideration almost wholly absent from his final judgments is that of aesthetic pleasure, of playfulness, of fun. These may seem frivolous, but for better or worse they are an essential component of the aesthetics of our postmodern era, with its emphasis on self-conscious artfulness and play; to judge the products of this era by 19th-century standards -- which is, essentially, Wood's M.O. -- is to fault an apple for not being an orange. Wood claims to recognize that a novel ''brings its own criteria for judgment with it,'' but his criticism belies that assertion.
As, indeed, his novel belies his criticism. The real significance of Wood's ambitious book against God lies not in what it has to tell us about its subject, but in what it might mean for its author. As with those fundamentalist preachers who get caught with the local floozies at roadside cathouses, Wood's seemingly inevitable fall into the vices and peccadilloes that he so loudly denounces suggests that he may need to modify his message a little. If a great many contemporary novels indulge in the sins of clever symbolisms, self-consciously allegorical structure, slyly autobiographical references and glib provincial humor, it may be because that's the kind of novel we need to be writing just now -- because that's one way that 21st-century novels react both to their literary forebears and to their anxious times. Still, rather than exulting in the fact that Wood has been caught with his pants down, I vote for charity. If we show him a sympathy that he may not fully deserve, he might come to realize that all of us -- novelists as well as critics -- are, in the end, only human.
Drawing (André Carrilho)Re: carwiles in the cival war?
- In reply to: carwiles in the cival war?7/25/00
Justin, Who are your Carwile ancestors?I have info on several.Dixon Lewis Carwile, son of John T. Carwile, fought with the Alabama 24th Infantry, Co. K.He was killed at the Battle of Chickamauga in 1863.Francis M. Carwile also served with Co. K and was taken prisoner in Nashville in 1864.Hope this helps.MargaretKristen Bell - Teen Choice Awards 2009
Kristen Bell keeps it cute on the grass carpet at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards held at the Gibson Amphitheatre on Sunday afternoon (August 9) in Universal City, Calif.
The 29-year-old Heroes hottie wore a stylish TopShop jumpsuit, Vera Wang colored rhinestone necklace, strappy Jimmy Choo shoes, Bally clutch and Jennifer Meyer necklaces, bracelets and rings.
Kristen didn’t bring boyfriend Dax Shepard as her date for the evening, she brought her stylist Nicole Chavez!
Ms. Bell is also the September 2009 cover girl for Cosmopolitan magazine.Helping people with computers... one answer at a time..
Article C2291 - February 25, 2005 « »
February 28, 2005 8:56 PM
I don't remember my password...... Can you please send it to my friends account. Im at his house so then i can get it. His email is madnessmadnesscombatcombat@hotmail.com. Thankyou
February 28, 2005 8:57 PM
Sigh
March 9, 2005 5:15 PM
How do I trace an IP to the exact user, not just the server. I'm getting some pretty nasty emails
March 9, 2005 5:21 PM
Typically you cannot. You can try working with your ISP to analyse your email headers, but it's often difficult to trace back to a person, or even a specific machine. It typically requires the cooperation of the *senders* ISP as well.
March 17, 2005 8:52 AM
So to be extra clear:
I CANNOT GET YOUR PASSWORD BACK. PLEASE GO READ THE ARTICLE FOR THE ADVICE I HAVE TO OFFER.
17-Mar.The availability of water makes Las Vegas an ideal ... The Las Vegas Springs Preserve , a cultural and historical ... Jonathan Ph.D. Springs In The Desert: A Kid's History Of ...Site Report
Player Stats; Team Stats; Blackhawks. Roster; Schedule ... Power Rankings; Draft; NHL. Results; Injuries; Teams; Players ... Elton John in Las Vegas: madman who tossed the waterSite Report
Las Vegas Valley Water District General: 702.870.4194 Customer Service: 800.252.2011 Henderson Water: 702.267.5900 North Las Vegas Water: 702.633.1275Site Report
LV Revealed: The inside story on gambling, Las Vegas, and the casino business.Site Report
Malcolm's performance of Bridge Over Troubled Water at the Hilton Hotel Las Vegas.Site Report
... timeshare meeting in LV: Read this and other Las Vegas ... Las Vegas Photos; Los Angeles Photos; Paris Photos; Rome Photos ... to pay full price for the gondola ride or the wax ...Site Report
Home. Libraries amp; Hours Library District Headquarters Las Vegas-Clark County Library District 7060 W. Windmill Lane, Las Vegas, NV 89113 (702) 734-READSite ReportLOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwire -04/27/12)- Lyric Jeans, Inc. (LYJN.PK - News) today announced that on April 18, 2012, the California Superior Court entered an Order approving the settlement of a case brought by Christopher Balseiro against Lyric Jeans for loans and/or advances in excess of $75,800 purportedly made during the period 2007 through 2010 inclusive. Pursuant to the terms of the Order, Lyric Jeans agreed to issue immediately to Mr. Balseiro or his designee 23,109,437 shares of its common stock in full settlement of the matter..
- California Superior Court
Lyric Jeans, Inc.Tuition assistance suspension irks military spouses
Like thousands of spouses of active-duty military personnel, Sarah Coniglio of Lower Burrell was counting on a grant the federal government offered last year to help cover education costs.
"I considered the money they offered a true blessing," said Coniglio, 22, who is completing her second year at the Boyce Campus of Community College of Allegheny County in hopes of earning a psychology degree.
"Now it looks like we'll have to take out loans that we really can't afford if I want to finish school. It's very unfair," she said.
The program — called Military Spouse Career Advancement Accounts, or MyCAA — offered up to $6,000 for military spouses to pay for college tuition or cover costs associated with professional licenses and certificates.
But heavy response prompted the Department of Defense to abruptly suspend funding last week. About 98,000 military spouses were enrolled in the program when it was suspended, the Defense Department said, and 38,000 more had applied.
"These applications were overwhelming the system intended to support the program and almost reached the budget threshold," said Tommy T. Thomas, deputy undersecretary for Defense who oversees MyCAA. Thomas said the shutdown is temporary, but there's no word on when the program might resume or whether the benefit will be cut.
The Defense Department said it approved six times more grant applications in January than it had in previous months, and demand for February was well above average.
Coniglio said she was counting on the grant so she could transfer to the University of Pittsburgh. Her husband, Sgt. Christopher Coniglio, 25, is an Iraq War veteran who is working as a recruiter for the Army National Guard as he pursues a business degree at the Boyce Campus.
"The DoD showed lack of respect for the spouses," said Rebecca Duncan, a Northeastern Pennsylvania resident married to a Navy sailor stationed in Corpus Christi, Texas. "To me this was a huge slap in our faces."
While the grants are still paying for classes and training for thousands already enrolled, Duncan, 36, of Athens, Bradford County, said the funding suspension left her in limbo.
Duncan said she had been approved for a grant to pursue an applied sciences degree. She learned from her college counselor that the grants had been halted before she could sign up for classes.
A 2005 Rand Corp. study found that military spouses generally make less than those married to someone in the civilian work force. Military spouses are less likely to be employed and more likely to be seeking work, the study said.
Laura Heitink, wife of a Marine Corps recruiter in Carlisle, Cumberland County, said MyCAA had been paying since September for classes toward her degree in health care administration. When she was told last week the program wouldn't cover the cost, she had to use a tax refund check to pay $750 for the class.
."'
On average, military families relocate every three years.
The Defense Department has suggested military spouses consider alternatives to paying for college — such as the new GI Bill, a benefit that service members can now transfer to their spouses and children.
But military personnel must have served for six years and recommit for another four before they're eligible to transfer the benefit to their families.
The GI Bill pays for 36 months of college per family. Many military service members need to reserve that benefit for themselves or want to save it for.David’s Shoes in Beverly Hills, Calif., may sit in the middle of one of the country’s priciest shopping districts, but according to co-owner David Jassem, the store is anything but pretentious.
“We’ve been here 26 years and are a neighborhood store,” said Jassem, who founded the business in 1988 with his wife, Jeanine. The two have curated a footwear offering that includes Loeffler Randall, Aquatalia, Freebird, Joie and A.S. 98. New for spring ’15 is Kanna, an espadrille collection from Spain, retailing for $150.
While Jassem said the store doesn’t typically cater to a celebrity crowd, it has built a clientele of agents as well as the wives of directors and producers. “She wants something fashionable but wants to spend $250 rather than $1,000,” said Jassem about his customer base. He did reveal, however, that Kyle Richards of “The Housewives of Beverly Hills,” who has her own nearby boutique, Kyle by Alene Too, has shopped his store. Natalie Cole is also a customer.
Must-have spring looks, according to Jassem, include jute-covered wedges, a nod to the classic espadrille, and Western-inspired booties, which, he said, work with shorts and skirts of all lengths. He also noted that “white’s a fashion color for spring.” He has stocked a selection of styles in the new neutral.
On-trend footwear isn’t the only thing that drives traffic to the store. According to Jassem, customers stop by to sample his wife’s baked goods. “She’s [become] well known as a baker,” he said, bringing in something new to sample every day. “People ask for her recipes.”
Customers can now also shop David’s Shoes in Calabasas, Calif., with the recent opening of a 600-square-foot shop-in-shop in M. Frederic, a Southern California clothing chain.
Although David’s Shoes may not have the vast selection of department stores or online retailers, it can quickly react to a trend. “The independent retailer can be very flexible,” said Jassem. “We can change on the fly.”
David’s Shoes is at 373 N. Bedford Drive in Beverly Hills.LOSE. An old maid stood at the window; she had hung
chickweed over the cage, and the little linnet which it contained hopped
from perch to perch and sang and twittered merrily.
“Yes, it’s all very well for you to sing,” said the bottle neck: that is, he did not really speak the words as we do, for the neck of a bottle cannot speak; but he thought them to himself in his own mind, just as people sometimes talk quietly to themselves.
“Yes, you may sing very well, you have all your limbs uninjured; you should feel what it is like to lose your body, and only have a neck and a mouth left, with a cork stuck in it, as I have: you wouldn’t sing then, I know. After all, it is just as well that there are some who can be happy. I have no reason to sing, nor could I sing now if I were ever so happy; but when I was a whole bottle, and they rubbed me with a cork, didn’t I sing then? I used to be called a complete lark. I remember when I went out to a picnic with the furrier’s family, on the day his daughter was betrothed,—it seems as if it only happened yesterday. I have gone through a great deal in my time, when I come to recollect: I have been in the fire and in the water, I have been deep in the earth, and have mounted higher in the air than most other people, and now I am swinging here, outside a bird-cage, in the air and the sunshine. Oh, indeed, it would be worth while to hear my history; but I do not speak it aloud, for a good reason—because I cannot.”
Then the bottle neck related his history, which was really rather remarkable; he, in fact, related it to himself, or, at least, thought it in his own mind. The little bird sang his own song merrily; in the street below there was driving and running to and fro, every one thought of his own affairs, or perhaps of nothing at all; but the bottle neck thought deeply. He thought of the blazing furnace in the factory, where he had been blown into life; he remembered how hot it felt when he was placed in the heated oven, the home from which he sprang, and that he had a strong inclination to leap out again directly; but after a while it became cooler, and he found himself very comfortable. He had been placed in a row, with a whole regiment of his brothers and sisters all brought out of the same furnace; some of them had certainly been blown into champagne bottles, and others into beer bottles, which made a little difference between them. In the world it often happens that a beer bottle may contain the most precious wine, and a champagne bottle be filled with blacking, but even in decay it may always be seen whether a man has been well born. Nobility remains noble, as a champagne bottle remains the same, even with blacking in its interior. When the bottles were packed our bottle was packed amongst them; it little expected then to finish its career as a bottle neck, or to be used as a water-glass to a bird’s-cage, which is, after all, a place of honor, for it is to be of some use in the world. The bottle did not behold the light of day again, until it was unpacked with the rest in the wine merchant’s cellar, and, for the first time, rinsed with water, which caused some very curious sensations. There it lay empty, and without a cork, and it had a peculiar feeling, as if it wanted something it knew not what. At last it was filled with rich and costly wine, a cork was placed in it, and sealed down. Then it was labelled “first quality,” as if it had carried off the first prize at an examination; besides, the wine and the bottle were both good, and while we are young is the time for poetry. There were sounds of song within the bottle, of things it could not understand, of green sunny mountains, where the vines grow and where the merry vine-dressers laugh, sing, and are merry. “Ah, how beautiful is life.” All these tones of joy and song in the bottle were like the working of a young poet’s brain, who often knows not the meaning of the tones which are sounding within him. One morning the bottle found a purchaser in the furrier’s apprentice, who was told to bring one of the best bottles of wine. It was placed in the provision basket with ham and cheese and sausages. The sweetest fresh butter and the finest bread were put into the basket by the furrier’s daughter herself, for she packed it. She was young and pretty; her brown eyes laughed, and a smile lingered round her mouth as sweet as that in her eyes. She had delicate hands, beautifully white, and her neck was whiter still. It could easily be seen that she was a very lovely girl, and as yet she was not engaged. The provision basket lay in the lap of the young girl as the family drove out to the forest, and the neck of the bottle peeped out from between the folds of the white napkin. There was the red wax on the cork, and the bottle looked straight at the young girl’s face, and also at the face of the young sailor who sat near her. He was a young friend, the son of a portrait painter. He had lately passed his examination with honor, as mate, and the next morning he was to sail in his ship to a distant coast. There had been a great deal of talk on this subject while the basket was being packed, and during this conversation the eyes and the mouth of the furrier’s daughter did not wear a very joyful expression. The young people wandered away into the green wood, and talked together. What did they talk about? The bottle could not say, for he was in the provision basket. It remained there a long time; but when at last it was brought forth it appeared as if something pleasant had happened, for every one was laughing; the furrier’s daughter laughed too, but she said very little, and her cheeks were like two roses. Then her father took the bottle and the cork-screw into his hands. What a strange sensation it was to have the cork drawn for the first time! The bottle could never after that forget the performance of that moment; indeed there was quite a convulsion within him as the cork flew out, and a gurgling sound as the wine was poured forth into the glasses.
“Long life to the betrothed,” cried the papa, and every glass was emptied to the dregs, while the young sailor kissed his beautiful bride.
“Happiness and blessing to you both,” said the old people-father and mother, and the young man filled the glasses again.
“Safe return, and a wedding this day next year,” he cried; and when the glasses were empty he took the bottle, raised it on high, and said, “Thou hast been present here on the happiest day of my life; thou shalt never be used by others!” So saying, he hurled it high in the air.
The furrier’s daughter thought she should never see it again, but she was mistaken. It fell among the rushes on the borders of a little woodland lake. The bottle neck remembered well how long it lay there unseen. “I gave them wine, and they gave me muddy water,” he had said to himself, “but I suppose it was all well meant.” He could no longer see the betrothed couple, nor the cheerful old people; but for a long time he could hear them rejoicing and singing. At length there came by two peasant boys, who peeped in among the reeds and spied out the bottle. Then they took it up and carried it home with them, so that once more it was provided for. At home in their wooden cottage these boys had an elder brother, a sailor, who was about to start on a long voyage. He had been there the day before to say farewell, and his mother was now very busy packing up various things for him to take with him on his voyage. In the evening his father was going to carry the parcel to the town to see his son once more, and take him a farewell greeting from his mother. A small bottle had already been filled with herb tea, mixed with brandy, and wrapped in a parcel; but when the boys came in they brought with them a larger and stronger bottle, which they had found. This bottle would hold so much more than the little one, and they all said the brandy would be so good for complaints of the stomach, especially as it was mixed with medical herbs. The liquid which they now poured into the bottle was not like the red wine with which it had once been filled; these were bitter drops, but they are of great use sometimes-for the stomach. The new large bottle was to go, not the one out of which they had drunk to the felicity of the betrothed and to the prospect of a marriage on his own happy return. Certainly the bottle no longer poured forth wine, but it contained something quite as good; and so it happened that whenever Peter Jensen brought it out, his messmates gave it the name of “the apothecary,” for it contained the best medicine to cure the stomach, and he gave it out quite willingly as long as a drop remained. Those were happy days, and the bottle would sing when rubbed with a cork, and it was called a “great lark,” “Peter Jensen’s lark.”
Long days and months rolled by, during which the bottle stood empty in a corner, when a storm arose—whether on the passage mate wrote on a piece of paper, “We are going down: God’s will be done.” Then he wrote the name of his betrothed, his own name, and that of the ship. Then he put the leaf in an empty bottle that happened to be at hand, corked it down tightly, and threw it into the foaming sea. He knew not that it was the very same bottle from which the goblet of joy and hope had once been filled for him, and now it was tossing on the waves with his last greeting, and a message from the dead. The ship sank, and the crew sank with her; but the bottle flew on like a bird, for it bore within it a loving letter from a loving heart. And as the sun rose and set, the bottle felt as at the time of its first existence, when in the heated glowing stove it had a longing to fly away. It outlived the storms and the calm, it struck against no rocks, was not devoured by sharks, but drifted on for more than a year, sometimes towards the north, sometimes towards the south, just as the current carried it. It was in all other ways its own master, but even of that one may get tired. The written leaf, the last farewell of the bridegroom to his bride, would only bring sorrow when once it reached her hands; but where were those hands, so soft and delicate, which had once spread the table-cloth on the fresh grass in the green wood, on the day of her betrothal? Ah, yes! where was the furrier’s daughter? and where was the land which might lie nearest to her home?
The bottle knew not, it travelled onward and onward, and at last all this wandering about became wearisome; at all events it was not its usual occupation. But it had to travel, till at length it reached land—a foreign country. Not a word spoken in this country could the bottle understand; it was a language it had never before heard, and it is a great loss not to be able to understand a language. The bottle was fished out of the water, and examined on all sides. The little letter contained within it was discovered, taken out, and turned and twisted in every direction; but the people could not understand what was written upon it. They could be quite sure that the bottle had been thrown overboard from a vessel, and that something about it was written on this paper: but what was written? that was the question,—so the paper was put back into the bottle, and then both were put away in a large cupboard of one of the great houses of the town. Whenever any strangers arrived, the paper was taken out and turned over and over, so that the address, which was only written in pencil, became almost illegible, and at last no one could distinguish any letters on it at all. For a whole year the bottle remained standing in the cupboard, and then it was taken up to the loft, where it soon became covered with dust and cobwebs. Ah! how often then it thought of those better days—of the times when in the fresh, green wood, it had poured forth rich wine; or, while rocked by the swelling waves, it had carried in its bosom a secret, a letter, a last parting sigh. For full twenty years it stood in the loft, and it might have stayed there longer but that the house was going to be rebuilt. The bottle was discovered when the roof was taken off; they talked about it, but the bottle did not understand what they said—a language is not to be learnt by living in a loft, even for twenty years. “If I had been down stairs in the room,” thought the bottle, “I might have learnt it.” It was now washed and rinsed, which process was really quite necessary, and afterwards it looked clean and transparent, and felt young again in its old age; but the paper which it had carried so faithfully was destroyed in the washing. They filled the bottle with seeds, though it scarcely knew what had been placed in it. Then they corked it down tightly, and carefully wrapped it up. There not even the light of a torch or lantern could reach it, much less the brightness of the sun or moon. “And yet,” thought the bottle, “men go on a journey that they may see as much as possible, and I can see nothing.” However, it did something quite as important; it travelled to the place of its destination, and was unpacked.
“What trouble they have taken with that bottle over yonder!” said one, “and very likely it is broken after all.” But the bottle was not broken, and, better still, it understood every word that was said: this language it had heard at the furnaces and at the wine merchant’s; in the forest and on the ship,—it was the only good old language it could understand. It had returned home, and the language was as a welcome greeting. For very joy, it felt ready to jump out of people’s hands, and scarcely noticed that its cork had been drawn, and its contents emptied out, till it found itself carried to a cellar, to be left there and forgotten. “There’s no place like home, even if it’s a cellar.” It never occurred to him to think that he might lie there for years, he felt so comfortable. For many long years he remained in the cellar, till at last some people came to carry away the bottles, and ours amongst the number.
Out in the garden there was a great festival. Brilliant lamps hung in festoons from tree to tree; and paper lanterns, through which the light shone till they looked like transparent tulips. It was a beautiful evening, and the weather mild and clear. The stars twinkled; and the new moon, in the form of a crescent, was surrounded by the shadowy disc of the whole moon, and looked like a gray globe with a golden rim: it was a beautiful sight for those who had good eyes. The illumination extended even to the most retired of the garden walks, at least not so retired that any one need lose himself there. In the borders were placed bottles, each containing a light, and among them the bottle with which we are acquainted, and whose fate it was, one day, to be only a bottle neck, and to serve as a water-glass to a bird’s-cage. Everything here appeared lovely to our bottle, for it was again in the green wood, amid joy and feasting; again it heard music and song, and the noise and murmur of a crowd, especially in that part of the garden where the lamps blazed, and the paper lanterns displayed their brilliant colors. It stood in a distant walk certainly, but a place pleasant for contemplation; and it carried a light; and was at once useful and ornamental. In such an hour it is easy to forget that one has spent twenty years in a loft, and a good thing it is to be able to do so. Close before the bottle passed a single pair, like the bridal pair—the mate and the furrier’s daughter—who had so long ago wandered in the wood. It seemed to the bottle as if he were living that time over again. Not only the guests but other people were walking in the garden, who were allowed to witness the splendor and the festivities. Among the latter came an old maid, who seemed to be quite alone in the world. She was thinking, like the bottle, of the green wood, and of a young betrothed pair, who were closely connected with herself; she was thinking of that hour, the happiest of her life, in which she had taken part, when she had herself been one of that betrothed pair; such hours are never to be forgotten, let a maiden be as old as she may. But she did not recognize the bottle, neither did the bottle notice the old maid. And so we often pass each other in the world when we meet, as did these two, even while together in the same town.
The bottle was taken from the garden, and again sent to a wine merchant, where it was once more filled with wine, and sold to an aeronaut, who was to make an ascent in his balloon on the following Sunday. A great crowd assembled to witness the sight; military music had been engaged, and many other preparations made. The bottle saw it all from the basket in which he lay close to a live rabbit. The rabbit was quite excited because he knew that he was to be taken up, and let down again in a parachute. The bottle, however, knew nothing of the “up,” or the “down;” he saw only that the balloon was swelling larger and larger till it could swell no more, and began to rise and be restless. Then the ropes which held it were cut through, and the aerial ship rose in the air with the aeronaut and the basket containing the bottle and the rabbit, while the music sounded and all the people shouted “Hurrah.”
“This is a wonderful journey up into the air,” thought the bottle; “it is a new way of sailing, and here, at least, there is no fear of striking against anything.”
Thousands of people gazed at the balloon, and the old maid who was in the garden saw it also; for she stood at the open window of the garret, by which hung the cage containing the linnet, who then had no water-glass, but was obliged to be contented with an old cup. In the window-sill stood a myrtle in a pot, and this had been pushed a little on one side, that it might not fall out; for the old maid was leaning out of the window, that she might see. And she did see distinctly the aeronaut in the balloon, and how he let down the rabbit in the parachute, and then drank to the health of all the spectators in the wine from the bottle. After doing this, he hurled it high into the air. How little she thought that this was the very same bottle which her friend had thrown aloft in her honor, on that happy day of rejoicing, in the green wood, in her youthful days. The bottle had no time to think, when raised so suddenly; and before it was aware, it reached the highest point it had ever attained in its life. Steeples and roofs lay far, far beneath it, and the people looked as tiny as possible. Then it began to descend much more rapidly than the rabbit had done, made somersaults in the air, and felt itself quite young and unfettered, although it was half full of wine. But this did not last long. What a journey it was! All the people could see the bottle; for the sun shone upon it. The balloon was already far away, and very soon the bottle was far away also; for it fell upon a roof, and broke in pieces. But the pieces had got such an impetus in them, that they could not stop themselves. They went jumping and rolling about, till at last they fell into the court-yard, and were broken into still smaller pieces; only the neck of the bottle managed to keep whole, and it was broken off as clean as if it had been cut with a diamond.
“That would make a capital bird’s glass,” said one of the cellar-men; but none of them had either a bird or a cage, and it was not to be expected they would provide one just because they had found a bottle neck that could be used as a glass. But the old maid who lived in the garret had a bird, and it really might be useful to her; so the bottle neck was provided with a cork, and taken up to her; and, as it often happens in life, the part that had been uppermost was now turned downwards, and it was filled with fresh water. Then they hung it in the cage of the little bird, who sang and twittered more merrily than ever.
“Ah, you have good reason to sing,” said the bottle neck, which was looked upon as something very remarkable, because it had been in a balloon; nothing further was known of its history. As it hung there in the bird’s-cage, it could hear the noise and murmur of the people in the street below, as well as the conversation of the old maid in the room within. An old friend had just come to visit her, and they talked, not about the bottle neck, but of the myrtle in the window.
“No, you must not spend a dollar for your daughter’s bridal bouquet,” said the old maid; “you shall have a beautiful little bunch for a nosegay, full of blossoms. Do you see how splendidly the tree has grown? It has been raised from only a little sprig of myrtle that you gave me on the day after my betrothal, and from which I was to make my own bridal bouquet when a year had passed: but that day never came; the eyes were closed which were to have been my light and joy through life. In the depths of the sea my beloved sleeps sweetly; the myrtle has become an old tree, and I am a still older woman. Before the sprig you gave me faded, I took a spray, and planted it in the earth; and now, as you see, it has become a large tree, and a bunch of the blossoms shall at last appear at a wedding festival, in the bouquet of your daughter.”
There were tears in the eyes of the old maid, as she spoke of the beloved of her youth, and of their betrothal in the wood. Many thoughts came into her mind; but the thought never came, that quite close to her, in that very window, was a remembrance of those olden times,—the neck of the bottle which had, as it were shouted for joy when the cork flew out with a bang on the betrothal day. But the bottle neck did not recognize the old maid; he had not been listening to what she had related, perhaps because he was thinking so much about her.SummerStage Presents: Andrew Bird & The Hands of Glory / Luke Temple
Tuesday, July 8, 2014
7:00 p.m.–10:00 p.m.
Please note: This event has already taken place. Please use the Search options on the right to find upcoming events.1997 he has released 11 albums and played thousands of shows. Bird has gone on to record with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band and perform at New York’s Carnegie Hall, Sydney Opera House, and festivals worldwide. Recently Bird composed his first ever albums, Break It Yourself, and Hands of Glory, an acoustic companion album. He’s recently been performing with Tift Merritt, developing a children’s TV show, and writing for his next album.
Originally from Cape Anne, Massachusetts, Luke Temple moved to the North West, sleeping rough in the woods, working in a candy store and as a janitor at a suburban mall. All of his aimlessness lasted a year and half. He enrolled in school of the Museum of Fine Arts and spent five years painting portraits, after which Luke moved to New York. As painting drifted from the foreground, songs started to emerge. After recording two critically acclaimed albums to little commercial reception, Luke was at the point of quitting a career in music. In 2008, feeling free in his new state, he made what would become the first Here We Go Magic album, forming the band and releasing the self-titled debut in 2009. Luke kept busy touring and recording two more full lengths and an EP. Since Here We Go Magic's 2012 release, the Nigel Gordich-produced “A Different Ship,” Luke has returned to his original solo ideas.
Doors open at 6:00pm
Location
Cost
Free
Event Organizer
Contact Email
info@cityparksfoundation.org
Related Links
Categories
Concerts, Free Summer ConcertsArticle Tools
The great GATE debate that has been flaring up at Santa Barbara School Board meetings since early February came to a conclusion this week. With designs on making the Gifted and Talented Education classes in grades 7 through 12 more accessible to a broader, more ethnic and socioeconomic range of students, the board voted 4-1 on Tuesday night to terminate the GATE label, replace it with the “Honors” title, and change the criteria used to enroll high-performing students into the program.
After nearly four hours of discussion and more than two dozen public speakers — who ranged from strongly opposed to the change to whole-heartedly in support of it — the board majority adopted a slightly modified version of the new “Honors” program created by Associate Superintendent Robin Sawaske. Under its terms, 7th grade students — who previously gained access into GATE courses via a standardized test — will now be able to get into “Honors” classes (which Sawaske and several school principals have promised will be based on and have the same academic rigor as the their GATE predecessors) in a number of ways: the old test, a teacher recommendation form, an advanced-level score on the California Standards test, or an “above grade-level” score on an assessment test.
For grades 8 through 12, an “A” grade must be achieved in a prerequisite course, or the student must pull a “B” or “C” in the prerequisite class and also have a teacher recommendation. Other changes approved this week include a requirement that all teachers for these new “Honors” classes be trained in the particulars of educating advanced learners, that the program be evaluated by an outside agency for its effectiveness, that extracurricular enrichment activities continue, and that any “Honors” students who gets a grade of “C” or lower at the end of a semester be called in for a parent-and-teacher conference.
.
info (anonymous profile)
March 26, 2010 at 10:51 a.m. (Suggest removal)
Well, that's fine then. If only wealthy white children could qualify for GATE, their parents can just get them private tutors to upgrade the education again.
Frankly, the idea that only white, privileged students were in GATE is somewhat misleading.
I think the focus should be on educating everyone as opposed to a certain few who fall on either side of the spectrum of intelligence or capacity.
I'm far more concerned about the middle of the road kids than I am GATE students.
Native1 (anonymous profile)
March 26, 2010 at 5:25 p.m. (Suggest removal)Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
Hypovitaminosis D and reduced IGF-1 are associated, individually, with metabolic syndrome. Physiological interactions between vitamin D and IGF-1 are reported; this is the first study to investigate their combined associations with metabolic syndrome prevalence.).
IGF-1 concentrations increased with 25(OH)D up to approximately 75 </= 0.004 for all comparisons)..
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USAMark Finan's Thursday Weather Update for Northern California 6.12.14UPDATED 5:54 PM PDT Jun 12, 2014
- More Video
CommentsThe views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies. By posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use.blog comments powered by Disqus
- Most Popular
- Advertisingrealmagick.com The shrine of knowledge.
Chasing
A selection of articles related to chasing.
Original articles from our library related to the Chasing. See Table of Contents for further available material (downloadable resources) on
Chasing is described in multiple online sources, as addition to our editors' articles, see section below for printable documents, Chasing books and related discussion.
Suggested Pdf Resources
- Chasing the Fickle Swine Flu
- Chasing the Fickle Swine Flu. News Focus. Crowd control.
-
- Chasing Redbird RGG.3
-
- CHASING HOPE
- Amadeo shuttles his daughter from city to city, chasing refer- rals and fourth opinions. As long as Jacqui has options — and the will — her search continues.
- alt.cimedia.com
- Chasing U-Boats and Hunting Insurgents
- Chasing U-Boats and. Hunting Insurgents. Lessons from an Underhand ..
-
- Chasing the Light Einsteinʼs Most Famous Thought Experiment 1
- At the age of sixteen, Einstein imagined chasing after a beam of light.
-
Suggested News Resources
- Busy half chasing Atlanta receivers gives Pittsburgh defense an eyeful
- By AP, PITTSBURGH — James Harrison expected the Pittsburgh Steelers defense to be tested by the high-powered Atlanta Falcons. The All-Pro linebacker also expected to get off the field.
- “Rise of the Planet of the Apes” and “Chasing Madoff.”
- by David Denby September 5, 2011 Among the trillions of binary digits skittering across screens this summer, a vibrant minority have been gathered into a shrewd, coherent, and fully felt movie.
- Clive Owen Chases Jason Statham In New Killer Elite Clip
- Owen's character Spike, who has kidnapped Robert De Niro's character, is chasing Statham's character across city rooftops. This being Jason Statham, you know he's not going to make the chase an easy one. Take a look at the clip below.
- For investors chasing a secure investment, gold is not the silver bullet
- But have all these investors chasing what they think is a secure investment created a bubble? You bet your glittery gold bullion, says Wells Fargo Private Bank.
- Tomic chasing clash with Federer
- However he couldn't stop a big smile sweeping across his face at the possibility of a third round US Open encounter with five-time champion Roger Federer.
Suggested Web Resources
- Chasing Fireflies Children's Boutique
- Chasing Fireflies children's and baby boutique: A magical array of keepsake- quality kids' clothing, gifts and tiny treasures.
-
- Repoussé and chasing - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
- Chasing is the opposite technique to repoussé, and the two are used in conjunction to create a finished piece. It is also known as embossing.
- en.wikipedia.org
- Chasing Amy (1997) - IMDb
- Directed by Kevin Smith. With Ben Affleck, Joey Lauren Adams, Ethan Suplee, Scott Mosier. Holden and Banky are comic book artists.
-
- ADELE - 'Chasing Pavements' - YouTube
- Jan 31, 2008 New video for 'Chasing Pavemens' by ADELE from the album 19.
-
- Chasing - definition of Chasing by the Free Online Dictionary
- American jurist who served as the chief justice of the U.S. Supreme Court (1864- 1873).
-
Great care has been taken to prepare the information on this page. Elements of the content come from factual and lexical knowledge databases, realmagick.com library and third-party sources. We appreciate your suggestions and comments on further improvements of the site.
Chasing Topics
About - Contact - AdvertisingMitt Romney intensified his own rhetoric on Tuesday and called President Obama's recent comments about small business "insulting to every entrepreneur, every innovator in America."And this:
Just a word to the women entrepreneurs out there. If we become, if we become president and vice president we want to speak to you, we want to help you. Women in this country are more likely to start businesses than men. Women need our help.And this, from his convention speech:
Fourth, to assure every entrepreneur and every job creator that their investments in America will not vanish as have those in Greece, we will cut the deficit and put America on track to a balanced budget.Indeed, the GOP's whole convention revolved around "you didn't build that," although they helpfully made Pres. Barack Obama's point by morphing that into "We built it!"—exactly the point Obama was making before his comments were sliced and spliced to mean something entirely different.
So is Romney wise to focus so intensely on entrepreneurs. First of all, are there even enough entrepreneurs to give Romney a significant electoral boost? There are about a billion ways to define the word, as this article explains. They range from 27 million small businesses, to 6 million small businesses with employees, to less than two million small businesses with employees that have been around less than five years. And you can keep getting more restrictive than that if you'd like.
Put another way, is a taxi driver or chiropractor or yoga instructor an entrepreneur the same way that Steve Jobs and Sam Walton were? Of course not. So the word itself suffers from vagueness.
But let's use the more expansive definition anyway, as I assume that most self-employed people fancy themselves entrepreneurs. I could be wrong, but let's assume that for argument's sake. If you've started a business, whether it's a dentist's office, or a consultancy, or an eBay or Etsy shop, or Facebook, then you're an entrepreneur. And 27 million of them is a significant number.
Still, that's less than 10 percent of the American population, less than the 37 million African Americans in the country, or the the 50 million Latinos.
(Continue reading below the fold.)
But aside from the numbers, Romney's bigger problems with this demo is that he hasn't provided anything that would actually make their jobs easier. I'm an entrepreneur and a proud one. In addition to starting Daily Kos (which now employs 22), I also rounded up a bunch of friends to start SB Nation (now Vox Media). That company has raised tens of millions of dollars in venture capital and has nearly 200 employees.
So I can say, from personal experience, that I have never felt over-shackled by government regulation. True, I don't want to drill for natural gas in your backyard or bet your life savings in some financial ponzi scheme, I don't have to worry about poisoning you with my cooking or choking your kid with a small toy, but other than the occasional hassle like getting an extra document signed and notarized, I haven't had to sweat government interference.
On the other hand, there is one serious stumbling block to entrepreneurship—one that almost kept me from devoting my full-time attention to this site (not to mention my other company):.Yup, there are more Danish entrepreneurs than American ones. More Canadians too. And there's no doubt that health care is a roadblock to entrepreneurship.
My wife was three months pregnant with our first son when I quit my day job and its excellent benefits plan to focus on Daily Kos full time. We didn't have a lot of cash the year after when I put our entire life savings into SB Nation. Had either effort failed, I shudder to think what might've happened. I rolled the dice and everything worked out, but it was a terrifying experience, and one that might've never happened if I was even a tiny bit less risk averse, or if my (nesting-mode) wife had been less tolerant of the risks we took.
Had we had single-payer healthcare, the decisions I made would've been no-brainers, and far less risky.
Looking at Romney's solutions for the entrepreneurs he fetishizes, nothing addresses the problems most of them face. He wants to roll back what gains we've made on health care, his tax cut plan doesn't help the vast majority of small business owners, the "government regulation" canard is just that—canard.
Thus, every time Romney talks about entrepreneurs, he basically tells the other 90+percent of the country that he's focused on someone else. And even that relatively small pool of entrepreneurs isn't hearing anything that would make them think, "Hey, this guy will help my efforts." Putting my partisan hat aside and putting on my capitalist one—there's not a single said Romney has said that would make it easier for me to keep growing my businesses.
It would be like Romney wasting time talking to Latinos, when all he's done is opposed the DREAM Act and advocated for "self-deportation."
Comment Preferences(Sanskrit) “The Great Day.” A period of universal activity, as opposed to a Mahapralaya, a cosmic night or period of rest.
"Truthfully, the quantities of years assigned to a Cosmic Day are symbolic. The Cosmic Night arrives when the ingathering of the perfect souls is complete, which means, when the Cosmic Day is absolutely perfected." - Samael Aun Weor,
- < Previous: Mahakundalini
- Next: Mahamanvantara of Padma >LOS ANGELES — And you thought the movie awards season ended with the Oscars? We have another one for you: the MTV Movie Awards. (And don't expect any nominations for "Amour" this time.)
A bloody Western and the comedic tale of a trash-talking teddy bear lead nominees for the 2013 honors.."
The awards include the standard categories, plus some offbeat ones like best kiss and best villain. Movie of the Year nominees are "Django," "Ted," "Avengers," "Dark Knight" and "Silver Linings Playbook." Ben Affleck, who was dissed by the Academy in the directing category, will vie for best male performance. (Perhaps the only chance he'll ever have to beat three-time Oscar winner Daniel Day-Lewis in an acting category?)
Fans can vote online for the winners in all categories, including the two newest ones: Best shirtless performance (which pits Taylor Lautner's "Twilight" abs against Channing Tatum's stripper in "Magic Mike" and three other chests) and best musical moment (If Anne Hathaway also takes this one for "Les Miserables," will she try to be ever more "likeable" in her acceptance speech?).
Double nominee Rebel Wilson will host the show. She'll be joined by Will Ferrell, who will receive MTV's inaugural Comic Genius Award.
— The Oregonian and The Associated Press--OROCMA9jn6tkzFBc Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Content-Disposition: inline Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable "Johnny C. Lam" <jlam@NetBSD.org> wrote: > On Mon, Sep 06, 2004 at 01:39:34PM -0400, Jan Schaumann wrote: > >=20 > > libtool uses 'awk', but under certain circumstances, the system provided > > 'awk' is not good enough (I noticed that when compiling gtk2 with gcc on > > an IRIX system). I think it should use '${AWK}' as set by the OPSYS. >=20 > Why isn't the system awk good enough? Does libtool use some GNU awk > constructs? Perhaps we can patch around those. Well, it seems like a line-length limitation. The awk command is the most simple possible (awk { print $1 }) but apparently in this one instance it failed (``Input record too long''). gawk could handle it. *shrug* -Jan --=20 Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony. --OROCMA9jn6tkzFBc Content-Type: application/pgp-signature Content-Disposition: inline -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1.2.3 (NetBSD) iD8DBQFBPLk5fFtkr68iakwRAqVZAJ0aJRvoEqffoOFQw3lWPs8P+IsIrwCgx3ME CXTbd6b70xWivX+SYok8NI8= =BPlQ -----END PGP SIGNATURE----- --OROCMA9jn6tkzFBc--Young the Giant are set to release their self-titled debut next Tuesday, October 26th, and to learn more about what went into their first offering, ARTISTdirect.com sat down with frontman Sameer Gadhia. Discussing the writing of the album, LA's affect on the record (as well as Ernest Hemingway's), endless summers and much more, read an excerpt of the Q&A below, and go right here to see the full feature.
Did you approach the album with a cohesive vision for the start or did it all come together in the studio?
I think we approached it as a whole vision that transformed into something else. We really did want the songs to all fit together in a bigger context. It wasn't overly pre-meditated though. We wrote about 30 tracks for the album. We enjoy some of those B-sides; they just don't make sense for the whole idea of the CD.
Where do you typically come from lyrically?
It's a bit of my own experiences as well as others' experiences. When you live in a place really high concentration, you get to listen to other people's stories and find out what's ticking in the place that you're at. A lot of the writing we did was heavily influenced by the beach and us living in Newport together for a long time. I think that's where summer-y feel comes in, and the dreamy element comes later. That was all the writing that we did in Los Angeles. It encompasses the idea of the nighttime ruling all in Los Angeles as well as the indistinguishability between dreams and reality when you're trying to live the Hollywood lifestyle. Sometimes, I'll enjoy the emotions, personalities and the relationships between two characters in a book I'm reading at the time too.
If your album were a movie, what would it be?
Aesthetically and visually, I'd say the first half of the album carrying into the middle has more of a beach, daytime sunny feel of carelessness. It's the idea of the eternal summer. The Endless Summer helps a lot. Our guitarist Jake is an avid surfer and he does find a lot of his guitar tones to be synonymous with the sounds of the ocean. I think later on everything becomes a little darker and more of a cityscape. It's living in L.A.—the grimy parts of it but the real passionate elements as well. The general flow was that transition of day into night for us.
Join the conversation:_3<<
Gregg Allman in Missoula [CONCERT]
Five Finger Death Punch Pre-Sale Code & 4 for $100 Deal
Missoula Woman Gets Butt Cheeks Pierced Together to Meet Papa Roach [PHOTO]
Five Finger Death Punch & Papa Roach in Missoula [CONCERT]
YOU DID IT MISSOULA! You voted to bring the "DeathRoach" tour to Missoula, and we won, nice work.
Monster Trucks in Missoula 2015
Wounded Warriors Benefit on D-Day [METAL SHOW]
Universal Choke Sign will be hosting a benefit for Montana Wounded Warriors this D-Day, Saturday, June 6th.
Yelawolf in Missoula [CONCERT]
Walking Corpse Syndrome Tonight at the Dark Horse
Missoula's Walking Corpse Syndrome are blowing up, and we can't say we're surprised.
Three Days Grace in Missoula Pre-Sale Code
Three Days Grace will rock the Dennison Theatre this August. Tickets are on sale Friday but you can get your first this Thursday with The Blaze pre-sale code.
[Date Index]
[Thread Index]
[Author Index]
Special characters in the axis label?
Hi everybody,
I want to make a plot with cute axis labels. That is easy, if I stick with
simple function name, like M(i). Publication standards require that both "M"
and "i" should be italic here, so following code works well:
ListPlot[{1, 2, 3}, PlotStyle -> PointSize[0.04], AxesLabel ->
TraditionalForm /@ {i, M[i]}];
Now, for comparison, I want a plot of different function with a _prime_
sign: M'(i). As you can imagine, I have no idea what to do to get it.
BTW, I already solved a problem how to show a convolution of two functions,
(M*N)(i). I just use the star sign not from the keyboard but from the
BasicTypesetting palette. This solutions does not work in the "prime"
problem, however :(
Any suggestions?
TIA, KrisOregon Homeschooling-Don’t Ask Alice
Home school in the Willamette Valley
By Therese ONeill WillametteLive
If there remains one way to shock friends and family in an open-minded 21st century society, it is to tell them that you are considering home-schooling your children.
Home education is a burdened concept, calling to mind the odd classmate from high school that couldn’t make eye contact or the family at the library that dress like pioneers.
I thought we were a little past home education being “shocking”. High school students not making eye contact? That might be considered a burdened concept regarding “peer pressures, school pressures…“.
This is an interesting explanation that I like:
Hilda Rosselli, Ph.D., is the Dean of the College of Education at Western Oregon University, the foremost teaching college in the state. She sees in the surge of home schooling as a connection between society becoming more individualized, and the growing dissatisfaction with a homogenized school system. If a family can choose precisely what they want to eat, the news they want to read, what they want to be entertained by, why shouldn’t they also expect customized education?
“While we know more now about students’ learning needs, whether they be diagnosed with autism or highly gifted, we still tend to find schools have changed in relatively small increments over the past 30 years,” Rosselli said. “This combined with the fact that more and more individuals are telecommuting, there is increased flexibility for some parents to be at home and work while providing childcare and home schooling options.“
Parents choose this complicated path for their children for a number of reasons.
The beauty of homeschooling is the lack of complications and the fact that you are on your own schedule. A knotty timetable not of your choosing can be frustrating. We’ve done public school and we’ve done homeschooling. A homeschooling path is not complicated in comparison.
There’s always one of these charmers in the family or around the community. (This one being an 18 year looooong public school teacher):
Alice. a Salem-area public high school teacher for 18 years, has taught many home school transfer students, and has six nieces and nephews who have been home schooled. Her opinions on home schooling, particularly in the area of isolationism, are strong.
“I’ll speak generally of it – understand that I realize there are exceptions. Home-schooled students who have been in my classes, generally speaking, show a lack of tolerance and understanding for the different people encountered in a public setting. This is true of my nieces and nephews as well,” she said. “If a home-schooling family has a quirk or is very strange, then the children, isolated from their peers, may develop problems that only get more difficult to solve the longer they are isolated. This is true if the child is abused or neglected as well.
We’ll just take Aunt Alice’s opinion for what it’s worth. Wonder that she doesn’t see her 6 nieces and nephews too much? Maybe her concept regarding lack of socialization hinges around her family and their avoidance factor (like the plague, I would think), along with choices about positive influences in children’s lives. Hard to say, but I’m always skeptical about individuals and their intent while ‘outing’ family members like that. (Her concurrence with the NEA anti-homeschooling/anti-parental choice resolution speaks volumes.)
Don’t ask Alice about “very dangerous” homeschooling. Ask Dr. Rosselli, who does seem to have an open mind about education.Tom Brady
The Buffalo secondary is very vulnerable, ranking among the league’s worst units against the pass last season. Look for Brady to put up 300+ yards and 3-4 scores again this week.
Wes Welker/Deion Branch/Chad Ochocinco
The entire WR corps stands to benefit from the loss of TE Aaron Hernandez, but perhaps none moreso than Ochocinco. I expect him to break out with 5 catches, 60 yards and a score. Welker and Branch should each be in the 6 catch, 100 yard range while splitting 1-2 TDs. It’s a “start all your Patriots” kind of week.
Benjarvus Green-Ellis/Danny Woodhead
The Patriots figure to put up plenty of points this week, so both RBs could easily post solid RB2 numbers. Look for BJGE to approach 80 yards and a score and Woodhead to post his best game of the season with 80 total yards and a 50/50 shot at finding the end zone.
Rob Gronkowski
The injury to Hernandez makes Gronk a sure-fire top 5 tight end. He should find the end zone on one of his 5 or 6 grabs. Pencil him in for at least 70 yards too.
Stephen Gostkowski
Expect big things this week as the Pats pile up the points. 1-2 FGs and 5 XPs sounds reasonable.
Patriots Defense/Special Teams
The Bills’ offense has been solid so far this year and should be able to put up at least 17-24 points. Don’t expect a ton of sacks or turnovers either. This unit is a marginal play this week.Photos via Orange County Sheriff’s Department and AP
NFL free agent Titus Young isn’t having a good week. On May 5th, Young was arrested twice in a 15-hour span for driving under the influence and stealing his own car. On Friday, Young was arrested and charged with burglary, assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest after he broke into a home in San Clemente, Calif., and sparred with police.
Via.
Neither Young nor the officers were injured in the struggle.
Titus Young is still in jail now, on $75,000 bond. He tried to fight with the police “but there were more deputies than him” per police
— Dave Birkett (@davebirkett) May 12, 2013Canon's new 61 pt AF system (1DX, 5D3) smokes Nikon
Started Aug 12, 2012 | Discussions thread
hunk wrote:
The lessons here are clear, never by a camera body just after its been released, wait at least 6 months.
In six months the D800 paid for itself more than once. Clients love the big files for various reasons.
Don't confuse the issue hunk. Most of the participants on this forum have never considered that these cameras are a means to earn money. They're only cocerned with bragging rights.
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowCentral pa local news - pennlive.com, Get pennsylvania latest news. find photos and videos, comment on the news, and join the forum discussions at pennlive.com. En.wikipedia.org, We would like to show you a description here but the site won’t allow us.. Jack nicholson on drugs death of brokeback mountain star, Jack nicholson on drugs death of brokeback mountain star heath ledger: 'i warned him' by mark coleman and richard simpson. last updated at 01:18 24 january 2008.
Download the boy next door (2015) 1080p brrip x264 - yify, imdb rating: 4.4 format: mp4 codec: x264 genre: thriller. A single man by christopher isherwood — reviews, When a single man was originally published, it shocked many by its frank, sympathetic, and moving portrayal of a gay man in midlife. george, the protagonist, is. Breaking news videos, story video and show clips - cnn.com, Watch breaking news videos, news stories and video clips from your favorite cnn shows.
Exploders - 108game - play free online games, Play exploders an multiplayer game free online. exploders is a nice, new multiplayer version of bomberman! blow up crates, enemies or even yourself by placing bombs. New age mama, My thoughts watching this documentary is as exciting as watching an action film. its even more exciting because it's all true! the plantagents is an amazing tale of. Grief, bereavement, and coping with loss - national cancer, Overview. people cope with the loss of a loved one in different ways. most people who experience grief will cope well. others will have severe grief and may need.
LEGO Lord of the Rings: Nintendo Wii for $14.99
LEGO Lord of the Rings video game for the Nintendo Wii
Amazon prime shipping or free shipping on orders over $25
Also, it is now only $20 for the other major consoles.
If you don't have any of the amazon prime accounts you could add on say... Gandalf''s Cart:
Noticed this earlier this week. Ordered last Sunday and got it Monday. I'd been waiting for it to drop below 20. What will I do with the other $5?
1 Comment add a commentEnter your email address:
Delivered by FeedBurner
more from our fave wearing the imani maxi dress. treat yourself to the latest in clothing and swimwear at indah clothing. sending love from this part of your earth. xo
Permalink
|
|
TrackBack (0)
|
sending love, sunshine, fresh air, yellow wild flowers and the spirit of jambo zuri...check out the latest from indah...we always love you!
this time of the year is that much better in an indah bikini! stop and feel the sunshine, then check out the latest from indah's 2015 collection! we love everything indah from bikinis to their latest bells! stay tuned for the rest of our nature walk! xoxo
missing pop corn and cotton candy down here! i'm wearing a hand sequined and black neoprene suit by driftwood swimwear, all the way from bali to this once upon a day shooting gallery! different scene up above (i'm in a castle). i wonder what it was like in here!? da da da-na-na-na- na-na naaaaa-naaaa (carnival song ;)! check out driftwood to shop your favorite suit!!Click to expand
Advice | Animated GIFs | Anime & Manga | Books | Autism | Cars | Childhood Nostalgia | Cooking | Drawing & Art | Fitness and Weight Loss | Video Games | Guns | Hating | Hobby | Items | Music | Party | Paranormal | Pokemon | Politics | Reaction Images | Religion | Science | Social | Sports | Tabletop Gaming | Technology | Television
Smart people of FJ, what do you think of this?
Basically, it's Bullshit Trioxide. Crazy claims left and right with so little evidence to support any side that it might as well just be worshiped by some cult somewhere in a shed.After all, Gregor Townsend's side face a run of seven games on consecutive weekends before the play-off stages can be reached.
Under normal circumstances, players can enjoy a break when European knockout games are going on, but the rescheduling of the their postponed December fixtures against Treviso and Edinburgh into those spring slots has denied the Warriors their weekends of rest.
It is a brutal schedule, but they will do themselves a huge favour if they get off on the right foot in tonight's potentially critical match with the Ospreys at Scotstoun. The Swansea side currently hold fourth place in the PRO12 table, the last of the play-off slots, one rung above Glasgow. However, a good win for the Warriors could allow them to trade places with the Welsh outfit - and still have two games in hand.
"It is a massive game for us and the Ospreys," acknowledged Townsend, the Warriors head coach. "We have seven left and we know this is one of the teams above us - we play Munster and Ulster in the next few weeks as well, which are going to be huge games - so we realise the importance of this one to close that gap between us and the Ospreys."
On paper, the Warriors are in a similar place to where they were this time last season, but they have taken a very different route to get there. In 2012/13, their first year at the ground, Glasgow made a fortress of their new home at Scotstoun, but in the current campaign they have been far more impressive on the road. They were also scoring tries for fun last season as they collected nine bonus points - exactly nine more than they have managed to pick up this time round.
Yet Glasgow can take confidence from the fact that their recent record against Ospreys - five consecutive PRO12 wins, all but one by double-digit margins - is hugely impressive. Of just as much significance, however, is the fact that the Scotstoun pitch, a quagmire just a few short weeks ago, now looks capable of supporting the kind of rugby that Glasgow were playing during their thrilling race for a play-off place last season. Their more impressive away form this season may not be unrelated to the fact that they have quite literally been bogged down on home soil.
"All players want to play in dry conditions with good surfaces to play on and we have certainly felt like we have been in better games when we have played on pitches that are great," said Townsend. "We played twice on the [artificial] Cardiff pitch this year and they have been really good attacking games."
Townsend has made three changes to the team that defeated Scarlets 14-6 at Scotstoun last weekend. Leone Nakarawa takes over from the injured Tim Swinson in the second row, while Pat MacArthur takes the hooking slot from Dougie Hall, but the most intriguing switch is Finn Russell's move into the centre, where he displaces Richie Vernon.
Russell has played there before, most recently against Leinster earlier this month, but he has mostly been billed as a fly-half in waiting. However, Townsend believes that the 21-year-old is shaping up as more of a second five-eighth in the New Zealand mould, who can share responsibility for giving some creative shape to the team.
"If we can get another passer in the team somewhere, whether that is at 12 or 15, then it helps your attacking options," the coach explained. "Finn does bring that, and the kicking option too, heads-up rugby like Peter Horne did so well for us last year."
After a relatively quiet period on the recruitment front, Townsend also hinted that Glasgow could be back in the transfer market before long, although he refused to elaborate on what area of the team he is looking to strengthen.Home -> Community -> Mailing Lists -> Oracle-L -> RE: OEM poll
This is kind of funny is a sick way, but I've been trying to get to 10.2.0.3 Grid in Winders (small shop -- can't justify Linux because of limits of maintainability if I'm not around) for over a week now, but the 10.2.0.2 base install keeps failing because it isn't patched for DST 2K7.
Attempting to turn the clock forward, just as soon as the uninstall -- ahem, "DEinstall", decides to work.
My off-the-top-of-my-head gripes with OEM 10gR1 *DB Control* so far:
My OTTOMH likes:
These are just a sample, updated from my initial gripes when I tried using OEM 10GR1 three years ago (in a previous life):
Sorry for jumping in late on the thread! Enjoy!
:)
Rich
Worth to mention that 10.2.0.3 OEM upgrade was the first upgrade I had installed without any tweaking - just like it should be. So it's getting more and more stable.
-- on Mon Mar 26 2007 - 14:42:09 CDT
Original text of this messageLa Isla is a great Cuban restaurant in Hoboken: cheap with great cuisine. So we were thrilled to bring Valentin to that place for what would be another discovery.
We sat at a table, more convenient than the bar to share dishes when more than two people. The service was very quick and we got some very good comforting food.
We started off with beef empanadas, a must have.
The crust is flaky and a bit crispy, and the inside, made with beef and some tomatoes, moist and slightly salty.
Tostones (smashed plantains twice fried):
Black beans:
And yellow rice with pigeon peas:
The portions were enough for the three of us. I love to eat all the dishes together, sometimes eating some empanada with rice and beans or maduros with beans, using tostones like I would a piece of bread.
The food was, as usual, delicious! La Isla is really a great Cuban restaurant if you are in Hoboken.
Enjoy (I did)!
If you like this post or the photos, feel free to share it using the toolbar below or to write a comment!
And Remember: I Just Want To Eat!With a stay at Platinum Hotel plasma televisions. Rooms have private balconies. Complimentary wireless Internet access keeps you connected, and cable programming is available for your entertainment. Private bathrooms with showers feature rainfall showerheads and complimentary toiletries.
Rec, Spa, Premium Amenities
Enjoy the recreation opportunities such as an outdoor pool or make use of other amenities including complimentary wireless Internet access.
Dining
Enjoy a satisfying meal at a restaurant serving guests of Platinum Hotel. Quench your thirst with your favorite drink at a bar/lounge.
Business, Other Amenities
Featured amenities include a business center, a computer station, and dry cleaning/laundry services.Expedia Affiliate NetworkUnderstanding Alabama Child Support Calculator
Child support is what noncustodial parents pay to the parents who have custody of their kids as their financial obligations for the expenses incurred in raising the children. Generally, expenses generated from child support will include basic necessities like food, shelter, clothing as well as medical care. With the help of the Alabama child support calculator, this task will be fast and easy.
Each state in the United States of America has different divorce laws having specific guidelines when it comes to child support issues. These guidelines are used to calculate the child support obligation that the obligor should pay to the one who has custody of the kids. All states have their own laws concerning child support and all of them consider the levels of income of the parents and the related expenses in taking care of the child in the child support calculation.
Since guidelines used for child support differ from each state, it is vital that you utilize the appropriate guidelines for child support in order to know how to calculate the financial obligation in your case. Each child is bound to receive support from both parents, and this will only stop when they reach 18 years of age or they are emancipated. In the state of Alabama, the emancipation age for child support purposes is 19 years. The enforcement of child support is a combined effort of both the State and federal government in order assist families in establishing paternity only when needed, as well as enforce and obtain orders for child support.
The results that Alabama child support calculator provides are only estimated amounts which resulted from the pertinent details you gave. The child support amount that a court in Alabama will order for particular case is different from the estimate amount by the Alabama child support calculator. Essentially, the Alabama child support calculator assumes that the children will stay with one of the parents. The calculator is not designed to estimate some situations where split custody or joint physical is applied. There are also other factors that may affect the court order concerning child support.
The intention of the Alabama child support calculator is to educate and inform people. The calculator doesn’t constitute any legal advice. Statutory guidelines are the basis of the Alabama child support calculator. It doesn’t consider extraordinary expenses. The court in Alabama has the authority to decide the final child support amount to be awarded. This amount is just an estimated amount and it doesn’t guarantee the child support amount to be awarded. Aside from these, there are some other factors that may affect the child support amount awarded.
If you want to know more about child support in the state, it is best for you to consult a child support attorney regarding the matter. And you must keep in mind that the Alabama child support calculator is only a computer program which has flaws and it does not provide you accurate calculations for your child support obligations. It serves only as a guide for informational and educational purposes.
You can find the official website of the Alabama Department of Child Support services here.This is one of my favorite pages from the B&A Artists Journal – a promotional zine they distributed to art directors to promote their artists. I love the use of negative space – and how the artwork cleverly mirrors the photograph. I also can’t help but mention that the photograph, taken by Mark Lund, is equally playful, and full of the kind of natural light photographers dreams are made of.
Archive for the ‘photography’ Category
Negative Space + PandasTuesday, January 17th, 2012
fashion week street styleFriday, September 30th, 2011
i’ve been pinning like crazy curls on pinterest! i like it because you can kind of throw a ton of stuff on there – and then save the best for the blog – which is what i’m doing now.. that way the blog can be super curated – only amazing stuff will make the cut – good idea/good idea?
so like usual – i’ve been following fashion week like a freak. but this time around – i’ve been obsessed with all the street fashion. yes, i know street fashion blogs are obviously not a new thing – but i’ve just fallen in love with how these ladies are translating fashion in their own unique way. AND – let’s not forget the talents behind the lenses. Wow! They chase after beautiful light – crop just so, emphasizing the scene stealing details – and if you follow their work frequently, they illustrate a really addicting story about the taste makers who are telling the story of fashion today.
Wow – so thought out for just some street style photos – but whatever – i’ll own it.
Below are a few of my favorite street style photos thus far – but we’re just getting started with Paris Fashion Week – & I’m sure our taste makers have saved their best looks for last…. so stay tuned!
ooo photos via 1/ 2/ 3/4/5
pretty shadows in the backgroundWednesday, June 8th, 2011
don’t the purplish-blue shadows of the blinds look so pretty! it’s such a random detail to notice – but i think it is what make this picture so interesting. it perfectly complements bri’s hair & lips – it even makes that top pop (
) and that gold scarf shimmer just a little bit more!!
via designlovefest
simple – easy – prettyWednesday, June 8th, 2011
i love the simplicity of this – perfectly translates an easy – breezy mood
via craig and karl i love their work!
quilted.Wednesday, May 11th, 2011
love love love this quilt. the black and white – mixed with more neutral colors looks sooooo modern and just what i’m loving right now.
photo via laure joliet her work is amazing.
photoboothWednesday, February 16th, 2011
uhzzz : love emily hendersonTuesday, November 2nd, 2010
so.. i’m obsessed with the new design star winner, emily henderson. she literally is the sole reason why i started watching hgtv again. anyway… i found out she has a blog, and of course- it doesn’t disappoint. not only does she chat about her life and new show, secrets of a stylist, but she shares photos of her flea market finds, design tips and tricks, room inspirations, professional profiles, and tons of other things i’m forgetting that are equally amazing. anyway. i saved a few of her room inspirations..
i love the black cabinets and white walls… mixed with earthy furniture and that amazing rug.. oh and that light bulb pendant light (can you even call it that) in the middle of the room… beautifully ‘un-styled’
anyway.. check out emilys post… (and the rest of her blog) it has lots of pretty room inspirations. style by emily henderson
oh and Frederik Vercruysse took this photo
oh laraWednesday, October 27th, 2010
aliveFriday, October 22nd, 2010
today i feel alive! It’s been awhile since i’ve felt so much excitement and nerves all at the same time. i’m pitching a little business idea at startup weekend, phoenix. positive vibes are out there.. i feel them… i just need to find a place to put the fear, so all my positive energy can shine through. : )
oh hiThursday, October 21st, 2010
pretty kittyWednesday, September 29th, 2010
just saw this Slim Aarons photo on oh joy. how amazing! this is the sort of thing i love! and how kooky and amazing is the person that signed off on this?! don’t you just want to meet them and find out about their life. i know i do! oh.. and if you want to take a dip in this pretty kitty pool, sadly… it is no longer. in an effort to update the hotel, the Fontainebleau Hotel in Miami replaced it with a more modest rectangle shaped pool. surprised?
i like youWednesday, September 22nd, 2010
yes.. i think we all need a break from the fashion show coverage… i know i’ve gone on over drive. the thing is- it is all so good I can’t stop! but for your sake here is a cute little picture i found on garance dore’s blog. i want to attach it to everything.. like make it a 1×2.5 and just randomly put it on things in the street.. or stick it to images i like… or on food in the grocery store…. anything and everything probably. anyway… i love her- and her blog and her photos OH and her illustrations OH and also her writing. if you are listening garance- i like you- you make me smile everyday!!
our labor of loveMonday, August 30th, 2010
this image has been living patiently on my desktop -highlighted in blue, the color i use when i want to feature it on the blog- for a while now. it reminds me of the hill-side scene in the sound of music.. soooo good. anyway.. the photo is from wedding photography team Our Labor of Love. they are doing amazing things.. turning traditional wedding photography on it’s dull old head.. it’s easy to get caught up browsing through their portfolio.. you just keep clicking and clicking and..
spotted first here at once wed- Filed Under
Flooding last week resulted in damage to homes on Spring Street.
Bruce Brandsetetter of Brandstetter Carroll Inc., an architectural and engineering firm hired by the city, told Bucyrus City Council on Tuesday night 19 homes reported sewage in their basements and another 15 had storm water in their residences.
Brandstetter said his firm is assessing the damage and working with contractors and homeowners on the issue. He said other areas affected by water backing up include Oakwood, Liberty Street and the north side of Center Street to Kaler Avenue. .... Despite Ivanovic's brief protest, the referee apparently didn't see the incident, but it will surely be reviewed by The FA in the coming days.
(UPDATE: Suarez apologizes after the match.)The gunshot incidents, both single and mass murders, are multiplying and your newspaper covers them well.
A suggestion possibly is to include a daily active-shooter page to keep some order of semblance. Subcategories could include malls, schools, universities and, soon, restaurants in Greenville County. It would make it easier for the reader. And unfortunately it's easier to get a gun in this country than it is a driver's license, so inevitably murders will continue to multiply, possibly deserving their own section in your newspaper.
Karen Belanger
GreenvilleBe beautiful INSIDE & OUT. During the month of June, Sephora donated $13 to GSRNE for each $20 YOU + SEPHORA cosmetic bag sold at their southshore store in Braintree, MA.
Look GOOD on the outside with this cute clutch, which contained glitter eye liner, lip gloss and nail polish.
Feel GOOD on the inside because you helped GSRNE to help more GSDs.
Sephora, 250 Granite St., Braintree, MA 02184 Phone: (781) 848-0421
Make sure to keep checking back for more updates about our partnership with Sephora Braintree!What is bump? And is there away to find people from your area?
two questions
Posted 12/11/2009
bump is just used to bump the thread up to the top so more people see it, instead of it getting buried in page 2,3,etc. and never been seen again.
You can check to see if there's a board for the state you're in. I'm in Michigan and we have a MI board.
--
Krista,
mom to Elisabeth, Tim and Susanna
Be kinder than necessary for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle.
What's on your mind?
The United States blocked the latest UN resolution to achieve peace between Israel and Palestine for the most disingenuous of reasons.
Posts Tagged: United Nations
We can't let the goal of ending mass surveillance fall off the international human rights agenda..
Five steps the U.S. can take in Iraq without going back to war.
China is taking advantage of its growing trade surplus in Latin America to rally support for its positions at the United Nations..
The Philippines and Vietnam are natural allies in their common territorial struggles against China. But they should leave Washington out of it.
The Obama’s administration’s policy on Western Sahara constitutes nothing less than a rejection of fundamental principles of international law.With the entire original run of The Twilight Zone available to watch instantly, we’re partnering with Twitch Film to cover all of the show’s 156 episodes. Are you brave enough to watch them all with us?
The Twilight Zone (Episode #111): “Printer’s Devil” (airdate 2/28/63)
The Plot: A newspaper owner facing competition from
the online blogosphere a USA Today-type paper gives up on life and his career until a kindly man with a cigar offers him some help. But of course as we all know, “kindly” in The Twilight Zone means something completely different from what we’re used to.
The Goods: Douglas Winter (Robert Sterling) is the editor/owner of the Dansburg Courier, a small player in the big world of newspaper journalism that’s currently facing bankruptcy in the face of competition and hard economic times. He’s been fighting the trend for a while, but the final bell toll comes with the sudden departure of his ace Linotype man, Andy, who leaves for a job at their biggest rival, the Gazette. Drunk and resigned to his status as a failure, Douglas stops his car on a bridge and contemplates suicide.
Which is exactly when a little man named Mr. Smith (Burgess Meredith) appears and strikes up a conversation. Mr. Smith has led a varied life including stints as both a bank teller and a librarian, and he was even the world’s strongest man for a brief while. But now he’s interested in working at Douglas’ paper and helping to turn it back into a success. His salary demands for the job are pretty reasonable too… he doesn’t want money. He only wants Douglas’ soul.
“I am not now nor have I ever been a gloom cookie.”
Charles Beaumont’s script (from his own short story, “The Devil, You Say?”) follows a pretty straightforward path with little to no surprises along the way. The Dansburg Courier starts doing great business thanks to Mr. Smith’s “nose for news” that gets editions out less than an hour after the event in question happened. A school principal found out as a bigamist, a local man wins a giant jackpot, a young couple who drown on their honeymoon, a devastating fire at the Gazette… that last one begins to get Douglas’ suspicions up, and Mr. Smith sits him down for a chat.
He acknowledges that he is in fact the devil incarnate and that he can make Douglas’ paper and career a huge success in exchange for his very soul. So Douglas signs the incredibly short contract agreeing to Mr. Smith’s terms and discovers that whatever is typed on the recently modified Linotype machine comes true. Everything goes along fine until his co-worker/lover Jackie (Pat Crowley) takes hold of his moral compass and rights it. He’s forced to act when she spurns a devilish advance and her life is put in danger, and one more cautionary tale is wrapped up nice and neat when the devil is sent packing.
This isn’t a bad episode by any means, but as stated above it’s not a very fresh or interesting one either. The whole deal-with-the-devil plotline has been done to death, and it takes something special to stand out in the crowded field. Neither the setup not the resolution here are all that special. What saves it from mediocrity though is Meredith’s voracious and lively performance as the Prince of Darkness. He’s funny, intense and a (compact) physical dynamo. He leers, wise cracks, and hops onto counters with a spry maliciousness that can’t help but also be charming as hell.
The fourth season’s hour-long experiment is a mixed bag this episode. It’s allowed to take its time with the characters and story so it’s not until the thirty minute mark that Mr. Smith makes his pitch and identifies himself. The only problem is that we the viewers know who he is well before then. Still, the episode is worth watching for Meredith’s performance alone. He wouldn’t be this entertaining again for another fifteen years when he played a karate-chopping Lothario in the still excellent Foul Play alongside Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase.
What do you think?
The Trivia: Burgess Meredith appeared on the original Twilight Zone four times, but this is the only episode featuring him as the aggressor. He also played a timid bank teller (“Time Enough at Last”), a timid weakling (“Mr Dingle the Strong”), and a timid librarian (“The Obsolete Man”).
On the Next Episode: “A man with a time machine tries to change important past events.”.For those who have a historical interest, Duma Manzi Nature Reserve Duma Manzi,)
Hilltop House – built in 1880, has been kept in its original state by the owners and offers a bygone era Victorian Colonial Experience.
Duma Manzi Eco Lodge and Spa is situated in Richmond, with another 4000 hectares that lie across the Mkomazi River, which falls into the Ixopo region. Richmond is a town with an illustrious history, just like the Reserve.
Website hosted byi didn't say he shouldn't be allowed to post web carnage. i said that he should post them in general chit chat AND that people should waste there time replying with **** like..... "you are gay for posting that" and the like.... i don't really care what he posts. let him post about jam sessions, as long as it's in general chit chat.... it doesn't belong in tutorials and the like. i just don't think it's necessary for people to reply to that sort of thing just to stazrt a flame war. and i don't think that it is necessary to reply to threads that the topic is something along the lines of "<user> is gay" or "i hate ao" or "ao users are stupid" these people are just trying to start trouble and i am only saying that lets stop the flame wars
Ok its pretty obvious what he's trying to say and in theory it works.
User insults everyone: in theory we let it slide to the bottem.
User insults everybody: In reality people get annoyed and he replies trying to annoy individuals, they get mad and reply thus creating a worthless long always on top thread.
So Im just saying basically we would all love it to stop but it probably aint gonna happen.
Wishful thinking I call it!
Philosophy Forums. Go there, NOW!
Wishful thinking I call it!
unless most of the people follow the theory.
Originally posted by VictorKaum
unless most of the people follow the theory.
They wont
PH33R human nature and group dynamics! I thought of an anti-post, which brings the thread down five spaces as a form of protest, but that won't work for a variety of reasons. Maybe we can vote on a thread's flame-level... :P Nah, nix that too, it just won't work given that new threads can always be created...
I think there isn't anything that can be done about it without moderation, both in the sense of self-moderation and in the sense of forum moderation. <insert shameless private forum plug here>.
[HvC]Terr: L33T Technical Proficiency
Terr I hear the Private Forums will be up around Jan 1st or so.
In a negative mood Ennis?
You know I'am an idealist, perhaps some dreamer.
(I have a dream)
Sorry if I came off that way but its true!
Anyway how can I be negative on Christmas!
Yep some mistake,
sorry
Perhaps Negative is negative about Xmas?
well at least someone understands what i was saying now. i have to agree with you ennis.... i don't think that the general public here at ao is going to accept this idea or live by it. but i think that if we, as a group that agrees, all decided to put this theory into practice, we would at least make some difference. if just the few of us started this, it would stop some of the problem.... "it has to start some where, it has to start sometime. What better place then here? What better time then now?" i'm willing to try if you guys are. hopefully if we all start this, maybe we can become leaders by example. it could work in theory
Forum Rules2 layer 7 jobs
Thornhill
Services Architect - API Management Management / Formerly Layer 7 Technologies Location(s): Nationwide " Securely connect the enterprise to mobile apps, cloud platforms and developer networks through APIs. " Ready to make IT history? Us too! CA Technologies is currently seeking individuals Services Architect and technical knowledge with our Layer...
Date posted: 05/18/2015.
Vancouver B.C.
Job Overview: This position is responsible for providing front-end technical support to customers and proactively enabling customer self-service. Key Responsibilities: Troubleshooting complex web applications, networking issues, Web services interactions and end user usability limitations in the use of the Layer 7 SecureSpan product suite. Support clients remotely via phone, email,...
Date posted: 05/20/2015.
Featured jobs
- Account Manager | Bloomington, Minnesota
- Manager, Information Technology | Hyderabad
- Sr Product Manager | Santa Clara, California
- Manager, Information Technology | Hyderabad
- Principal, Applications Developer | HyderabadLake Ayakkum is located near the northern boundary of the Tibetan Plateau in central China.
Many closed basin saline lakes in Central Asia have been shrinking because of the construction of dams and aqueducts, as well as human expansion into previously uninhabitable desert areas. Lake Ayakkum, however, has been growing, as shown in these Landsat images acquired in 1992, 2003, and 2012. Increasing flows from small glacier- and snowmelt-fed streams help feed the lake. The development of a delta can be seen in the southwest portion of the lake.
Mapping and monitoring saline lakes with satellite imagery provides researchers and scientists a unique view of the changing lake dynamics, allowing them to assist decision makers who then can determine the best actions for water resource and ecosystem protection.
Hello and the Half Blood Prince
“The Lazarus Experiment” from Dr. Who (3.06)
“Cataclysmo and the Battle for Earth,” a web serial by our very own Josh Sikora available at.
We also read the final chapter and epilogue of the graphic novel Kingdom Come.
In this podcast, we look at the relationship between heroes and villains and wonder if you need a great villain for a great hero. When we look at heroes and villains, heroes have a unique way of approaching the world compared to their counterparts (beyond standing for truth and justice and the American way). Danielle and I discuss the difference between the 3D thinking of heroes and the flat, 2D thinking of villains. Finally, we look past heroes and villains and consider when (and how) we should think outside the box (like heroes often do).
As always, Danielle and I would love to hear from you. You can reach us at picturingtheword@gmail.com or comment below.
Thanks for listening! Enjoy the podcast. ‘New wordbank preserves regional words
Posted on July 12th, 2011by Michelle
In Culture, dialects, English | Leave a Comment »
A list of rare regional words and phrases has been compiled by the British Library as part of their Evolving English exhibition.
Around 4,000 words are in the ‘wordbank’, all of which were contributed by visitors to the exhibit at the British Library in London or at regional events. One the bank is complete and has been analysed by linguists, it will be opened up to language academics and others wishing to study the words it contains.
Among those to have been added to the wordbank are bobowler, a Birmingham and Black Country term for a large moth, tittermatorter – or see-saw, in Norfolk – and tranklements, another Black Country expression meaning ornaments.
Some of the words have been in existence for generations. For instance, bishybarnabee – a Norfolk term for a ladybird – is thought to derive from a notorious bishop, Edmond Bonner, known as “Bloody Bonner” for his role in the persecution of heretics under the Catholic government of Mary I in the sixteenth century. (Source: The Telegraph)
Other words have much shorter histories – spoggy for example is the Grimsby term for chewing gum.
What local variations would you add to the wordbank?SAN JOSE – As they weigh this year’s political campaign rhetoric about the federal budget, Californians will have an opportunity to try to improve that budget themselves in a community-wide federal deficit-reduction exercise Wednesday, May 9 at the San Jose City Hall Rotunda.
The exercise, co-hosted by the San Jose Mercury News and the non-partisan Concord Coalition, is free and open to the public. It will run from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.
Participants will assume the roles of members of Congress who have been appointed to a special committee to recommend a package of policies to reduce projected deficits over the coming years and put America on a sound fiscal foundation. This involves difficult decisions and compromises on domestic and defense spending as well as possible changes in entitlement programs and tax policies.
 California residents to join us on May 9 to discuss many of these options and decide which ones they believe would be most fair and effective.”
Although there is no charge for the program, space is limited and reservations are appreciated. They can be made at concordcoalition.org/RSVP .
WHAT: Community-Wide Federal Deficit Reduction Exercise
WHEN: Wednesday, May 9, from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m.
WHERE: San Jose City Hall Rotunda
200 East Santa Clara Street
San Jose, CA 95113Welcome to FunMail, a service provided by FunMobility, Inc.
This agreement ("Agreement") is a contract between you and FunMobility, Inc. By visiting or using the FunMail web site (), the FunMail mobile website (m.funmail.com), the FunMail application for iPhone®, and/or the FunMail application for Facebook (apps.facebook.com/fm_funmail/) - collectively, the "Services" or "FunMail Services"), you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the "Terms of Service" or "Terms") and the current FunMail Privacy Policy available at, which is incorporated herein by reference.
You must be at least thirteen (13) years of age to use the FunMail Services. By providing information to FunMail through the account registration page for new customers or any other part of the FunMail site, you represent to FunMail that you are 13 years of age or older. If you are between 13 and 17, you represent that you received parental permission both to complete the registration process and to download content to your cell phone.
If you do not agree to be bound by (or cannot comply with) any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not continue the registration process or attempt to access any part of the Service. FunMobility, Inc. reserves the right to deny registration of any individual to the FunMail Services and to deny access to this website to any individual.
You must have an internet-enabled cell phone or device in order to access the FunMail mobile services. Normal carrier charges and taxes may apply to any content you obtain from FunMail. FunMobility, Inc is not responsible for any surcharges you incur from your cell phone or internet service provider as a result of the use of the FunMail services.
Text Message Communications – You expressly agree that, as part of the service provided by FunMail, you will receive communications from FunMailMail. You may unsubscribe from promotional email communications by emailing optout@funmobility.com.
FunMail Widgets – From time to time, FunMail offers applications, including applications that may access certain information from the FunMail Service or facilitate the transmission of content to or from mobile devices, including for use on other platforms, such as the Facebook® Platform, (such applications and any accessible information, the "Widgets").
2. TERMINATION
Termination – FunMobility, Inc reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to terminate your permission to access and use your FunMail account and/or the FunMail.
3. ACCEPTABLE USE OF FUNMAIL
By downloading and/or using the FunMail services, you agree that FunMobility, Inc grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use the services on your compatible device for your own personal, non-commercial use only. Your use of the FunMail services means you also agree to the following acceptable use policies: Personal, Non-Commercial Use Only – The FunMail Services are for yourMail services, you must enter into an agreement with FunMail to do so in advance. Please contact us for more information.
Registration and your Personal Information – In order to use certain features of FunMail, you must register and provide personal information such as your name and wireless device number to FunMail ("Personal Information"). FunMobility, Inc will use your personal information in accordance with its Privacy Policy. Please review the Privacy Policy before you complete the registration process or attempt to use any part of the service. For additional information regarding FunMobility, Inc’s collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, please refer to FunMobilty, Inc’s Privacy Policy.
Objectionable or Explicit Content – FunMail may contain content or materials that you may find objectionable. FunMobility, Inc does not warrant, and makes no guarantee or representation, that you will not find all or part of service objectionable. Parents should use appropriate parental discretion in determining whether you want to authorize minor children to access the service.
International Use – FunMail is hosted in the United States and is intended for use in the United States. At this time, FunMobility, Inc makes no guarantee that the FunMail service will be available to overseas visitors.
Intellectual Property Rights – The Downloads and the Widgets made available as part of the Service are owned by FUNMAIL, its licensors, partners and affiliates and are protected by U.S. intellectual property laws. By using the FUNMAIL Services you understand and agree to abide by U.S. intellectual property laws and agree not to reproduce, modify, scrape, cache, frame, display, perform, transfer, distribute, create derivative works from, or otherwise use the Downloads, the Widgets except as authorized in this Agreement, and agree not to authorize, encourage or allow such use by any other party. You agree that you will take all reasonable steps to prevent any unauthorized reproduction and use of the Downloads or Widgets.
"Bots", Hacking and Other Unauthorized Use – Users of FunMail may not attempt (or authorize, encourage or support others' attempts) to gain unauthorized access to any FunMail Services, user accounts or computer networks through hacking, password mining or any other means, or to reverse engineer, decrypt, break or otherwise alter or interfere with the service. You may not use any web robots (bots'), web crawlers, data-mining, or similar applications to submit, gather and extract data from, or otherwise use the FunMail Services. You agree to advise FunMail FUNMAIL-related issue, to a FunMail customer service representative by e-mail at: help@funmail.com.
Design – FunMail offers a Design service, where users can create profiles, submit photos and, participate in tagging content. Users of some wireless services may receive a Design account automatically when registering to the FunMail Subscription Service. By using the Design facilities, you understand that all information, photos, graphics, text materials, messages, tags, or other materials (collectively, 'Content'), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person originating the Content. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any and all Content that you upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available on the FunMail website or through the FunMail.
You acknowledge and agree that FunMobility, Inc may or may not pre-screen Content, and that FunMobility, Inc shall have the right, but not the obligation, to pre-screen, refuse, move, or remove any Content available by or through the FunMail service, at its sole discretion.
You agree that you will NOT use the FunMail Services to:
- Upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available any Content that contains nudity or profanity, depicts drug use, is unlawful, harmful, abusive, defamatory, tortuous, harassing, obscene, libelous, hateful, invasive of another's privacy, or that contains hate speech or otherwise objectionable materials;
- Upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under federal, state, or local law, or under contractual or fiduciary relationships, such as proprietary or confidential information;
- Upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other proprietary right of any person or entity;
- Upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available any Content containing unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, spam, promotional materials, chain letters, pyramid schemes or other forms of solicitation;
- Upload, transmit, post, or otherwise make available any materials, such as viruses, trojans, malware, designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or any telecommunications equipment;
- Harm minors in any way; and/or
- Interfere with or disrupt FunMail’s service, hardware, or telecommunications equipment.
4. THIRD PARTY CONTENT APPEARING ON THE FUNMAIL SITE
Links and Advertisements – The FunMailMail Promotions – From time to time FunMobility Inc may provide users with the opportunity to participate in promotional events sponsored by third party advertisers or affiliates. Your participation in any FunMail.
5. REFERRAL PROGRAMS
We may from time to time offer you the opportunity to earn rewards by referring friends to use the FunMail service ("Referral Program"). Participation in a Referral Program may require you to submit personal information about you and your friends, such as name and email address. By participating in a Referral Program, you agree to receive communications from FunMail, and/or from our trusted partners that operate and maintain the Referral Program, with regards to your participation in the Referral Program. The following guidelines shall apply to your participation in any Referral Program:
- Rewards are limited to one per user.
- You may not submit multiple email addresses in an attempt to earn a reward or an additional reward.
- You may not participate in a Referral Program where doing so would be prohibited by any applicable law or regulations.
- Your eligibility to earn a reward may be based on your ability to make referrals that result in new FunMail users. Referrals to existing FunMail subscribers may not count towards your eligibility to earn a reward.
- Credit for referrals can only be given out for those referrals who participate using their unique referral link.
- You agree that you will not use unsolicited bulk email to obtain referrals. You further agree that you will not induce people you do not know to sign up through use of unsolicited email, advertisement, message board solicitation, or any other means.
- You agree that you will not obtain referrals or rewards through any fraudulent means.
- You acknowledge and agree that FunMobility Inc may deny reward for referrals for any reason, including if it believes, at its sole discretion, that the referrals were obtained in violation of these terms.
- You may not barter, sell or trade for referrals or offer completions.
- Rewards and other credits are non-transferable, and any attempt to transfer a reward or credit shall render the reward or credit void.
- FunMail does not guarantee delivery time on any rewards earned, nor does it guarantee receipt of any rewards.
We reserve the right to modify or amend at any time these guidelines and the methods through which rewards are earned. We reserve the right to disqualify you at any time from participation in a Referral Program if you do not comply with any of these guidelines. All information collected from you in a Referral Program shall be subject to the FunMail privacy policy which can be found at.
6. FUNMAILMailMail services are the property of FunMobility, Inc and/or its affiliates, licensors and/or licensees. Without FunMobility Inc’s prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the FunMail' marks.
7. CONTENT SUBMITTED BY USERS
FunMobility Inc claims no ownership of Content you make publicly available on the FunMail services, or otherwise upload, post or transmit for inclusion in publicly accessible portions of the services. With respect to such Content, you grant FunMobility, Inc a worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display the Content for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. FunMail can also make derivative works of each such User Submission and your name, content and/or likeness contained in your Design Submission, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed for use in connection with the Services.
This license terminates when you remove (or FunMobility Inc removes) such Content from the Service. You understand and agree, however, that FunMail may retain copies, make derivatives, perform, or distribute server copies, but not display Content that has been deleted or removed. The license granted above with respect to Content that consists of text, messages, or user comments posted to publicly accessible areas of the FUNMAIL Website is perpetual and irrevocable.
All User Submissions are deemed non-confidential and FunMobility shall be under no obligation to maintain the confidentiality of any information and content, in whatever form, contained in any User Submission.MailMail. These Terms may be assigned by FunMobility, Inc and shall inure to the benefit of FunMobility, Inc, its successors and assigns.
No Right of Survivorship or Transferability – You agree that your FunMail account, including any optional profiles you may create, is non-transferable and any rights to your account or the contents thereof terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all contents therein permanently deleted.
FUNMAIL's Remedies – You agree that any unauthorized use of the FunMailMail.
9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES & LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Disclaimer of warranties – By using the FunMail services you expressly understand and agree that: the FunMail services, and all materials, applications, information, products and services included in the FunMail services are provided "as is" with no warranties by FunMobility Inc, or its agents, employees, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, licensors, business partners and/or suppliers (the "FunMailMailMail services, with respect to the accuracy, operability, availability, security, reliability, timelines, and performance of the FunMail services. FunMobility, Inc disclaims any responsibility for the deletion or failure to store any content.
You understand and agree that you download or otherwise obtain material or data through the use of the FunMailMailMail services or received through any links provided by the FunMail services.
The FunMailMailMailMail services are controlled from FunMobility Inc's facilities in the United States. FunMobility Inc makes no representations that the FunMailMailMail services, or from the interruption, non-performance, suspension, or termination of the FunMailMail services or received through any links provided in the FunMail from state to state and jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
10..
Registered Copyright Agent
Attn: DMCA Notice
COMPANY: FunMobility, Inc.
ADDRESS: 5568 Gibraltar Drive, Pleasanton, California 94588
Telephone: (925) 598-9700
11. CHANGE IN TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND FUNMAILMail services.
©2009 FunMobility, Inc.
Artist names for identification purposes only. Third party trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Depiction or mention of handsets or other FunMail-compatible devices does not indicate their manufacturers' partnership, endorsement or sponsorship of FunMail. iPhone® is a registered trademark of Apple Inc. Apple is not a partner or sponsor of FunMail.Title
Anxiety and Depression as Comorbid Factors in Drinking Behaviors of Undergraduate Students in an Urban Private University
Document Type
Conference Proceeding
Disciplines
Education | Educational Psychology
Abstract
This study examined differences among four drinking behavior groups (non-drinkers, low-risk drinkers, high-risk drinkers, and frequent high-risk drinkers) with respect to anxiety and depression in undergraduate males (n = 457) and females (n = 485). Participants completed a demographic questionnaire, the Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test, the Beck Anxiety Inventory, and the Beck Depression Inventory. Results indicated significant differences among the groups only with respect to anxiety (F = 6.49, p < .001), and in levels of anxiety (p < .01) between high-risk females and males. Findings imply needed changes in prevention approaches to reduce high-risk drinking.
Recommended Citation
Vohs, Charles; Gable, Robert; Ward, Cynthia; Barresi, Joseph; Martel, Ronald; and Slocumb, Dameian, "Anxiety and Depression as Comorbid Factors in Drinking Behaviors of Undergraduate Students in an Urban Private University" (2008). NERA Conference Proceedings 2008. Paper 28.
Included in
Educational Psychology CommonsThis wireless remote places functionality of your GHC 10 autopilot into the palm of your hand. For the ultimate in onboard freedom and convenience, the GHC 10 remote offers on-the-move steering and mode control at distances up to 45 feet from the primary helm unit, depending on the installation of the GHC. Rugged and waterproof, this compact remote features a built-in digital display, bright backlit screen and simple, ergonomic keypad operation. Putting advanced functionality of the GHC 10 in the palm of your hand.
Features
SpecificationsPhoto of the Day selected by: Rebecca Britt "This shot was made just for fun, my friend Carlos came with the idea and I took the challenge." -Franco Roth EXIF: Camera Canon 60D Focal Length 35mm Shutter Speed 1/80 secs Aperture f/11 ISO/Film 100 Model: Carlos Chacón Photographer: Franco Roth FACEBOOK Log in or register to post commentsMobile Coupons Interest More Merchants
In an article in DMNews, Dianna Dilworth reports on JCPenney's pilot program for mobile coupons in the Houston area. Using the coupons presented on their mobile phones, consumers earn discounts on purchases. For its program, JCPenney is using San Jose-based Cellfire to manage the mobile coupon efforts. Cellfire claims they are seeing redemption rates of 10% to 20% for mobile coupons - resulting from much better targeting of offers as compared to traditional paper coupons.
Dilworth also reports that Starbucks is using 2D bar code as well with its new Starbucks Card Mobile iPhone application now in pilot. She says that Starbucks is using technology from Codilink to read the 2D bar codes generated by the application on the iPhone.Zoombits Promotional Codes
For imaginative gadgets and gizmos Zoombits.co.uk offer the most exciting ranges of the latest digital items to amuse and thrill both you and your loved ones. Offering a host …of Micro SD cards, USB flash drives as well as XBOX and PSP accessories, Zoombits provide all the added extras for you to get the best out of your gadgetry. Whether it’s an Apple product, gaming accessory or camera storage you need to make the most of your technology, Zoombits has it all for a competitive price you’ll love. From the latest earphones to digital alarm clocks and multifunctional iPod docks. The latest products from well-known brands such as Kingston, SanDisk and Samsung can all be found competitively priced in one place at Zoombits slick and easy to use website. Endless quality digital solutions are all available along with expert advice and help for you to understand your technology better. With a daily price check on every item, as well as free delivery on absolutely everything and speedy delivery across the UK, there’s never been a better time to find what you need with Zoombits.
Get Smart Savings Now at Zoombits
How to use Zoombits Promotional Codes
Visit Zoombits and start shopping
Zoombits sells your electronics and gaming accessories at fantastic deals. Whether you need a memory card, batteries or gaming system accessories, grab a code and save!
Add items to your shopping cart
When you find the accessories you need, go on and click "buy now." You'll get a pop-up directing you to keep shopping or to go to your cart; if you're all ready to checkout, click the "go to checkout" button.
Add a code
Click back to the Promotional Codes site and find the Zoombits code you"d like to use. Copy it and back at your cart, paste the code in the promotional code site and click "redeem promo code."
Choose a payment method and log in
After your cart has refreshed, scroll down and click the logo of the payment method you"d like to use. Log in or click "register here," then add your details and click "create my account."
Delivery details and payment
Select a delivery method and then scroll down and choose "click here to enter your payment details." Type in your card info and click "proceed;" you'll get a confirmation and your new Zoombits accessories will be on the way!
Zoombits Customer Reviews
Really low prices on memory cards
I'm off on a trip to India this year and wanted a memory card that would hold up to the massive amounts of pictures I plan on taking. Since they're so expensive sometimes I was looking for a bargain and Zoombits really had some nice prices. I searched around and found exactly what I wanted, 8GB card, and for the cost I was well chuffed. The delivery was free as well - you can't beat that! I'm quite happy and will definitely shop with them again when it's time for an electronic accessory as I see they carry ipad products as well.
Great prices on external hard drives
I had a spot of trouble with my laptop last week, and realised what a situation I'd be in if everything had been lost - work docs, my novel - aaaargggh. I went straight online to buy an external hard drive to back everything up, and came across the Zoombits site. Was able to use a 10% off code and found a hard drive that ticked all the boxes. The delivery was fast and free, so no complaints there. I feel a lot more confident now that I have the extra hard drive, so thanks Zoombits for that.View Diary: Transgender Day of Remembrance, 2013 (50 comments)
Diary Recommended By
Bill in Portland Maine, Powered Grace, mimi, Bob Love, Shockwave, LuvSet, scribe, shanikka, high uintas, aitchdee, wader, texasmom, Steven Payne, outragedinSF, Kitsap River, DarkSyde, davidincleveland, joanneleon, wesmorgan1, ek hornbeck, Tonedevil, HudsonValleyMark, fixxit, esquimaux, dharmafarmer, triv33, gooderservice, joe shikspack, sceptical observer, One Pissed Off Liberal, john07801, BeninSC, jessical, Dartagnan, EdSF, psychodrew, Dave in Northridge, sfbob, cloudbustingkid, Assaf, gizmo59, mconvente, ratador, Chacounne, poligirl, bythesea, tofumagoo, Cassandra Waites, bluesheep, petulans, LaEscapee, priceman, maggiejean, Throw The Bums Out, LinSea, UnaSpenser, sanglug, civil wingnut, ArthurPoet, Dragon5616, davespicer, jpmassar, rebel ga, citisven, jakedog42, mookins, cordgrass, Funkygal, Oh Mary Oh, TheHalfrican, annieli, kerflooey, slowbutsure, implicate order, Situational Lefty, SoCaliana, page394, dle2GA, Ojibwa, enhydra lutris, PhilJD, cactusgal, Mentatmark, Mortifyd, Azazello, anodnhajo, Chrislove, We Won, Eric Nelson, 2thanks, Horace Boothroyd III, arizonablue, Glen The Plumber, Kayjay, Chaddiwicker, nomandates, atana, remembrance, Aunt Pat, northerntier, GreenMother, Avilyn, BadKitties, LilithGardener, The Marti, SusiesPurl, Darwinian Detritus, Lia WhirlwindDespite scoring high on soundbites, the bank chiefs’ statements on money laundering mistakes lacked insight about slowness
HSBC’s apology scored well on length and soundbites. Chairman Douglas Flint devoted most of his three-and-a-half-page statement to “the mistakes of the past” and what the bank has learned, especially in Mexico, where the money laundering controls were most lax. Chief executive Stuart Gulliver followed up with a liberal sprinkling of words such as “shameful” and “embarrassing” and a pledge that the bank “gets it”.
How about insight? Are we wiser about how HSBC could come to be accused by a US senate committee of having a “pervasively polluted” culture? That’s harder to say since one part of the official explanation is that the bank had the wrong structure. The loose federation, we are told, meant too many national fiefdoms were tolerated and the central function was baffled by complexity. Hold on, though, HSBC had been run as a federation since 1865. What caused the system to go wrong after 140 years?
One ingredient may have been the slowness of the bank – or banks, since HSBC is not alone here – in recognising that US authorities, in their effort to combat drug-trafficking, would expect big players in the financial system to play their part. That seemed to be the meaning of Flint’s statement that “as those who seek to exploit the financial system constantly adapt their approach we need to be tireless and more innovative in our own efforts to stop them”.
But, viewed in the context of the money-laundering revelations that ran from 2004-10, that reads like an admission that management was asleep for years. It’s not just that HSBC had the wrong structure – it’s also that the board took an age to wake up to the problem. Flint and Gulliver, both long-serving senior officers of the bank, would have done better to spell that out. After a provision of $700m (and perhaps more to come), investors had a right to expect a more substantial account of where and when mistakes could have been spotted earlier by the board. That was the missing element in HSBC’s apology.
 Spice Route Dinnerware - Paprika
Spice Route Dinnerware - Paprika

- Dinner plate: 10.75"Dia x 1.25"H
- Salad plate: 8.50"Dia x 1"H
- Cereal bowl: 8.25"Dia x 2.25"H
- Mug: 5.50"W x 4"D x 4.25"H
- Stoneware
- Microwaveable—may become hot
- Dishwasher-safe
- Exclusively Pier 1 Imports
- Sold separately
Quick Links
You Might Also Like:
- PS49531$6.00 - $7.00
- 2649978$5.00
- PS52538$3.98
- 2638439$2.Like?
Favorite Maui memory: Going to church in Lahaina and watching the parish youth group perform a hula before church started. We sing the same song in our local church and I’m always transported back to that church in Lahaina, with the windows open and birds flying in and out and the absolute joy present as we all worshipped.
Just returned from Maui. Took a whale watch dinner cruise on Teralani. Two sets of male (probably juvenile)whales cavorted around and under our catamaran for over an hour and a half. They flipped over and over in the water and above the surface. They slapped tails and blew spray. Crew said this never happened before. All of us were yelling with joy. Capt. Eric lowered a microphone into the water and we could hear the whales chittering. Capt. could not start engines because of the proximity of the whales, so he unfurled the sail so we could get back before it got too dark. Two whales followed us for about a mile then broke away. It was a joyous experience to be with these grand creatures of the sea.
Wow, that’s a great memory. I’ve seen whales out in Washington State, but have never heard them live.Recent posts in
Social Media
Advertisement
Popular Posts
50 Beautiful Arab Girls – Most Beautiful Girls of Arab World 0 comments
36 Most Beautiful Chinese Girls Photos 0 comments
15 Absolutely Insane Bike Modifications Of All Time 0 comments
Best Babes With Bikes Pictures Of The Week #2 0 comments
25 Most Extreme Female Bodies 0 comments
Cafe Racer ‘95 Yamaha Virago XV750 by Greg Hageman 0 comments
Cricketers With Hot Girls – Famous Cricket Stars in Parties Photos 0 comments
Cafe Racer Triumph Thruxton by Wenley Andrews 0 comments
Konica Minolta Honda CBR600RR Pictures 0 comments
50 Astounding HD Wallpaper of Bikes 0 comments
Recent Post
15 Absolutely Insane Bike Modifications Of All Time
10 Funny Invisible Bike Gifs That Will Make You Howl With Laughter Every Single Time
The 12 Epic Cycling Fail GIFs
Best Babes With Bikes Pictures Of The Week #2
Sexy Cyclists Of The Week #1! …
7 Comments
at 3:05 pm
exactly as eating house menus have elementary dishes for lives up to expectations of its clients, it cannot satisfy your
requirements. exclusivewebhosting.co.uk An armful makes the
things a great deal easier for doing any business concern.
at 10:47 am
As it gets completed party out in that respect so which one is legit or
which one is honorable? wageday advance Some of
these 3 calendar month payday loans are as well kept free from collaterals.
at 12:56 pm
Component of the admirability of this spot was your new deary app.
doorstep loans uk When it comes to doing the loans online – gainful in 1 time of day.
at 2:05 pm
A plurality of outcomes will come out and you are rattling pleasant and attractive but the care
to travel to them will be eminent. kids go free holidays The earth level has 3 double chambers one with that all food and drunkennesses
are included throughout your halt.
at 2:06 pm
A luck to recharge the batteries, chill 7 darks accommodation
in a two-baser or twin elbow room at the 4* Medisun Hotel.
cheap holidays Theres no better advantage it depends
what you are fronting for both are respectable.
at 2:09 pm
The colours and fabrics at lower priced department stores are often rather
similar like every early city. holidays 2013 all inclusive Puerto Del Carmen is the celebrated calling in set in Lanzarote with a embroiling beach, a
the 22nd June and 7 nighttimes accommodation in a stunt man or similitude elbow
room at the 4* Medisun Hotel.The 14th Annual YLC Wednesday at the Square concert series concludes Wednesday when Irvin Mayfield & the Jazz Playhouse Revue with special guest Kermit Ruffins perform!
The 12-week concert series, which started March 5, takes place in Lafayette Square (between Camp Street and St. Charles Avenue in the Central Business District) from 5:00 - 8:00 p.m. This season featured several well known performers such as Trombone Shorty, Bucktown All-Stars, Col. Bruce Hampton,.Discovery Gas Transmission LLC
Original Volume No. 1
Contents / Previous / Next / Main Tariff Index
Effective Date: 01/01/2008, Docket: RP08- 70-001, Status: Effective
Third Revised Sheet No. 145 Third Revised Sheet No. 145 : Effective
Superseding: Second Revised Sheet No. 145
9.7 PURCHASE AND SALE OF GAS - Transporter is not providing a supply service
under any Rate Schedule of this FERC Gas Tariff. Without limitation of
the foregoing, Transporter may buy and sell Gas to the extent necessary
to maintain System pressure, to implement the cashout procedures under
this Section 9, and to perform other functions in connection with
providing Transportation service. Nothing herein will be deemed to
impose on Transporter any obligation to provide a sale and purchase
service to any of its Shippers.
9.8 OPERATIONAL FLOW ORDERS - Imbalances due to compliance with OFOs are
subject to Subsection 7.5 of this FERC Gas Tariff.
9.9 CASHOUT REVENUES - Transporter will refund or carry forward, for each
calendar Year, any difference between the revenues received by
Transporter and the costs incurred by Transporter as a result of cashing
out Shipper and Operator imbalances. To the extent the difference
between costs and revenues in respect of such cashouts. Notwithstanding any other provision of this
FERC Gas Tariff, Transporter shall retain all cash-out revenues
allocated to any Shipper that has been granted a rate less than the
applicable maximum tariff rate.Magic Johnson is not a fan of World Peace, at least not as a name.
Although he risked being fined $1 million for talking about a player, Johnson criticized Ron Artest's decisionto legally change his name to Metta World Peace. He told Jay Leno that he thought it was simply a publicity stunt.
[caption id="attachment_60143" align="alignright" width="300" caption="tmz.com"]
[/caption]
"What is the announcer going to say, Jay?" Johnson said. "How is he going to announce him? Ron, come back down to Earth please."
Johnson also took exception to Artest's off-season activities, such as appearing on "Dancing With The Stars."
"I thought he would go out sooner," Johnson said. "I couldn't believe he did it in the first place. I love the show, but that's a lot of time."
Artest fired back on Twitter saying, "Magic should embrace the name change. Can't a comedian slash unpredictable guy want to give back:) Magic down to earth! Come on buddy;))"
He went on to say, "I'm not only down to earth I'm on the dirt! I respect magic for giving back to communities thru big investors. Let me stay in my lane!!"
And furthermore ..."Magic instead of criticism in public we should team up. I'm making a major impact on society around america with my mental health.Getting out of a domestic violence relationship is one of the hardest things one might ever face. Besides being beaten down emotionally, and having little to no self esteem left; there's often serious financial issues with the choice to leave. There's also the belief that the abuser can change; but the chances of the person changing while in a relationship with the abused, are less likely than them getting hit by lightning five times.
Having lived through this process myself, spending 2 years in the domestic violence self help group, and helping many women to finally leave for good, I felt this node could help someone else. I definitely understand that not all abusers are male, but since the majority are, it's just easier for me to write this from the perspective of a male abuser / female victim. It can be applied to any other gender combination as well.
It's essential to note, in the case of the dangerous abuser, that the greatest risk is when the abuser thinks it's really over forever. In most cases you are safe until then, the abuser does not want to kill you when they think they know what it will take to get you back. When your partner's sure he can't get you back, you really need to take your safety seriously - not doing so could be deadly I'm sorry to say, but it's the truth - when that time comes your safety has to be protected at all cost.
Wrapping up loose ends:
It's very important to start thinking now of what you will need when you do leave for good. The reason so many end up back with their abusers is because they make excuses to continue to contact the abuser, which gives him the opportunity to get you back while you are still vulnerable. Keep in mind, the abuse usually gets worse each time you do come back because they become more confident that they can get you back the next time.
It's very important to stop and think - think - think. Material things do not matter. Any material things you absolutely must have, you should get immediately with a police escort. Begin making a list now, look through your house, look at everything there. Decide which items are so important to you that you'd take a chance of putting yourself through another few years of abuse. Write that list down and put it in a secure location (your mother's house, or sisters house, etc.)
You should put as many of these items as possible in one part of the house so they can all be easy to grab at a moments notice when you leave, or when you return with a police escort to retrieve them.
Some suggestions of things to consolidate to one area of the house are:
What I'd like you to do, is imagine if your house were to burn down tomorrow and the abuser with it, clearly then you could not contact him could you? So there should be no reason to absolutely have to contact him when you leave.
If at all possible try to stash some money aside that the abuser is not aware of - he may close the bank accounts when you leave - and try to hurt you financially so you'll need him and come back. I know in many cases it's not possible to stash money, but if you can do so - if you have your own money start making getting out of this situation a priority over other things that don't mean as much to your future. If it's possible to set up your own checking account without him having access, do that as well.
I realize I'm giving you a lot of 'work' to do here, but we both know that walking on eggshells 90% of the time, is a lot more work. I'd like you to find the time to gather up as much information as you can on help available in your area, if there's a YWCA in your area they will be able to point you in the right direction. If there's not one of those in your area check the local government section of the phone for leads. The US National Domestic Violence Hotline's phone number is 1-800-799-SAFE, please memorize that now if you're in the USA, they can lead you to local help available.
Have confidence in yourself:
It's crucial to realize that others may not have confidence that your 'really leaving for good this time' - especially if this is your third or forth attempt. Do not let this get you down. Please remember you've at least attempted it 2 or 3 times, is this not better than not even trying? It's the hardest thing in the world to do, so do not beat yourself up for your past 'failed attempts' and don't let those convince you that you cannot succeed. You can. Those putting you down "Here she goes again" - are playing into your abusers hand - don't let them discourage you. Don't! They haven't been there, and even if they have - their situation was different.
It takes more then they will ever know to get out, but you can do it. This may be your fourth attempt, or your 10th, at least you are trying... and you CAN succeed, trust me on that. It won't be easy and you really do have to make it your job - but you can do it. You deserve better, you know you do... and you can get there.
For some, having 'empowering music' is helpful. If you know someone with a CD burner, you can ask them to make you a CD, one you can listen to when your feeling ready to make the final move on to a new life free of abuse. Here are some songs that may work for you:
Keep a journal:
One of the most important things you need to do, if you really have the desire to succeed in leaving, is start keeping a journal right now. Today. Whenever you are alone and have the time, start writing down prior abuses and how they made you feel. Whenever a new case of abuse happens, as soon as you are alone you need to write, write, write. Write everything down, every detail you can. How you feel. Write down the promises the abuser made, and the attempts your partner's made to actually keep them once he's not feeling vulnerable anymore.
If possible, you should also get a voice activated tape recorder and record the abuse. You need the journal and the tapes (if you can make them) to help you avoid contacting him once you've left.
If you have access to the internet you can keep an online journal until you move out - just be sure not to 'save the password' - manually type it in each time. Once you've left you can print it out, or find someone who can do so for you.
When you do finally leave, I want you to make yourself a promise and keep it, for your sake, or the sake of those who love you. Before you 'have to call him' for this reason or that reason, or see him for any legitimate reason, I want you to read as many pages of that journal as you can, listen to the tapes if you've made them. If you're going to get in your car and meet him somewhere (you know you shouldn't!) but if you are, spend at least an hour reading the journal... reminding yourself of what this man is really like when he's not forced to be nice to you to 'get you back'. This is a tried and true method - when someones really ready to end things and will take this step.
Take the first step:
I wrote a saying once
I Will Strive
To improve my life
One step at a time
One step a day,
What will be my step today?
You can spend the next year, two, or five deciding to get out of this - or you can start with a single simple step. Take one a day, no matter how small towards your goal. You'll need a lot of things to get yourself out of this, the biggest being the ability to believe you can 'make it' without your partner. You can. But you need to know and believe that. Start taking them, one tiny step at a time. Of course I'd like you to leave today - but if that's not possible, or if you try and end up back... start taking those tiny steps. GED? Think you need one? Then start working on it. A resume? You may need one, often times there's a way to get one done for free, talk to your local college. A license? Creditors a problem? Just start working on the steps you need to take, one small step a day. You can do it. You are worth it.
Be prepared for the lies:
It's vital to realize that he is going to have a plan...they always do. He's going to make even bigger promises, like he'll go to counseling, or he'll start going to AA, or of course the old standby that he'll kill himself. He will have a new weapon in his attempt to get you back this time. If you're prepared for this it will help. If you've left before, remember how long he followed through with the promises he'd made that time? He would follow through even less this time, because each time he 'gets you back' - it gives him more confidence that he won't really lose you. He'll just have to make bigger promises the next time.
When you're ready to make the final steps to leaving for good - you need to commit to it like you committed to the abuser. Leaving for good hasn't made false promises, hasn't abused you, so you need to give it the time, devotion and energy you once gave the relationship.
Join a self help group:
It's important, if you can find one, to commit yourself to going to a domestic violence self help group in your area until you think you are safe from going back. Many people have problems with going to these meetings for various reasons - but none of those reasons are as important as getting out, especially if you have children. Their needs at this point need to come before pride, inconvenience or whatever might keep you away from the meetings. The meetings serve a number of purposes, as you hear the ladies talk (and no you won't be forced to talk - it's your choice!) but as you hear them talk you start to see things much more clearly and emerge from the fog you've been living in. You will realize you are not alone, and realize you are not worthless like he's lead you to believe. You will gain self confidence and be much less at risk of ending up back in that relationship or ending up in yet another abusive relationship.
Women leaving an abusive relationship are very likely, because they are so vulnerable, to end up in another abusive relationship. That's why being a part of a domestic violence program is so important. The abusers are like cookie cutters in the things they say and the ways they approach things - it's like they all read the same abusers-handbook. Staying involved in these meetings and hearing all those things they say will help you recognize the signs if the next guy you meet has those signs of abuse.
Staying safe:
Once you've left for good, depending on the abuser, you could be at serious risk. It's at this point you need to seriously think about your safety. You should have a cell phone to call 911. The phone company may provide you with one for free if your circumstances warrant it (they did for me). If the phone company won't provide you with one - your local domestic violence shelter may be able to supply you with one that's programmed only to dial 911. If he's been seriously abusive in the past, or threatened to kill you if you ever leave - this is the time to take those threats seriously. Hundreds of women die every year because they did not take these threats seriously, and that's because 'he didn't hurt me the last time I left' - that's because as I've said till they think they lost you for good, their goal is to win you back. The abuser is a much different animal once they believe there's no hope to get you back. At this point you must be very careful. MY own escape from this - made the movie "War of the roses" (out that year ironically) look tame.. I'm alive to write this node for one reason only, I took my safety (for my son's sake) very very seriously. You need to too. There's nothing more dangerous than a wounded bear, except an abuser who thinks he's lost you 'for good'. Please don't ever put material things, or belief in his lies, over your safety.
Other notes:
Once you've left you'll need to reduce the chances of him contacting you. Child visits should be done through a neutral third party. Or you can meet in front of the local fire station, police station, or some other similiar place (if you don't have a restraining order against him) Don't let him use this as an excuse to harass you, any discussions about the kids should be done via writing for the first few months. If you're still vulnerable you should have a friend read the notes re the kids for you and share any "need to know" information.
You should change your cell phone number if he knows it. You can get that done free in most cases if you have a restraining order against him - the phone company will often do this for you.
Have your mail forwarded the day you move out.
If you're staying with family or friends utilize call blocking if it's available in your area (any number he calls from will no longer be able to call your # after the first call) Sooner or later he will run out of convenient places to call from.
Document everything once you leave, any harassing calls he makes, any threats made, and so on. There are stalking laws in most states now and everything you write down will help you with the legal process.
If you have the financial resources, join a self-defense course the day you leave. If you explain the circumstances the instructor may offer a sharp discount.
If your ex is dangerous and knows where you live, one thing you might consider is calling up a friend who's a light sleeper each night before bedtime and leaving the line open, if your line gets cut - they will get the 'obnoxious' hang up and dial again signal, and be alerted that something may be wrong.
Note: This node is a work in progress, if you know someone who can use this information please check it again later as I hope to be able to add many more important details. If you have any suggestions for this node please /msg me.
Log in or registerto write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comAdding sufficient levels of attic insulation can save up to 20% on both your electricity and gas bills. If your summertime electric bill from Austin Energy, Oncor, Georgetown Utility Service bill is around $300 during the summertime months, adding more insulation can save around $60 per month. The best way to figure out how much money you can save on a yearly basis is to collect your last 12 electric bills and gas bills and add them up. Now multiply the total by twenty-percent.
A typical 1,500 sq. ft home requires about $1,000 of blown attic insulation. Together an average yearly gas bill of $350 with an average electricity bill of $1,800 adds up to round $2,150 per year in total energy costs. Installing attic insulation will save around 20% on energy bills, which would be around $430 per year in this example. Dividing the cost of $1,000 by a yearly savings of $430 provides a quick return on investment in just 2.3 years. If electricity bills rise an average of 2% a year, this will save the home owner more than $14,000 on energy bills over the next 25 years.
All homes will vary and the best way to get an exact quote is to let us do an home attic inspection and provide you with a written estimate based on your energy bills, square footage and actual insulation needed. A small investment in insulation will make your home much more comfortable to live in during the Texas summertime heatwaves.
No matter what kind of insulation you currently have in your attic, one quick way to determine if you need more is to look across the span of your attic. If your insulation is just level with or below your attic joists (i.e., you can easily see your wooden joists), you need to add more. If you cannot see any of the attic.
Attic insulation prevents the heat in your attic, which can rise in the summertime Texas heat to more than 160 to 180 degrees, from reaching the wooden joists running across your ceilings and the studs in the walls. Wood is a conductor of heat and any exposed wood will carry this heat onto your ceiling and down inside your walls. The infrared image below was taken with a thermal camera and shows how much heat is being transferred into this room via the ceiling joists. The wooden joists are heating up this ceiling just like the heating coil in an oven. Not covering these joists up is like leaving your oven on all summer long with the door open.
Insulation levels are specified by R-Value. R-Value is a measure of insulation's ability to resist heat flow. The higher the R-Value, the better the thermal performance of the insulation. The recommended level for most attics is to insulate to R-38, 10 to 14 inches, up to R-60, 20 to 24 inches, depending on insulation type.
When adding additional insulation, you do not have to use the same type of insulation that currently exists in your attic. We blow loose CertainTeed unbounded fiberglass fill over the top of the existing fiberglass batts or blankets.
Yes, there is a 10% Federal Government Tax Credit that ends December 31, 2013. Click here for insulation rebate information.The Ollie Johnson's Car Toot Skid attraction, boringly quitting in the evening sunlight
The Ollie Johnson's Car Toot Skid line is like a slink into the back alley's of Toottown. The attraction cars are designed to look like Bertie the Cab, and as you drive you can skid them by plotting the wheel.
You shouldn't try Zombie Mode
A Pants Aflame productionDaisy Pennifold
Revision as of 13:25, August 19, 2013 by Hunnie Bunn (Talk | contribs)
12,096pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Da.When you need any excuse for pizza (as if you need an excuse) visit Dell’s Pizza for an extreme focus on quality food and entertainment with trivia games and more. We carry for your enjoyment a fine selection of foreign and domestic beers, cocktails, plus a great selection of micro brews on tap.
Our pizzas are made only with the finest ingredients. With dough made fresh every day, whatever you decide to include on your pizzas you can guarantee that it is the best quality – from the sauce to the sausage.
Get to Know Dell’s Pizza:
WRAPS Grilled chicken tenders with mozzarella cheese, lettuce, tomato and our special sauce wrapped in a spinach tortilla
Lunch And Dinner Menu – We are more than just pizza. Dell’s offers the best sandwiches, appetizers, salads, and more
- Sports Bar And Trivia – Come for the food, but stay for the fun. Challenge your friends to a QB1 game where you call the play.
We have Happy Hour and take reservations for parties give use call to see how we can serve you. Call Dell’s Pizza 520-836-5391 today or come on day for a visit.Meeting Minutes
Teleconference Meeting
June 6 , 2013
Dr. Mark Bledsoe called the board meeting to order at 12:45 p.m. The following members were present: Dr. Jeff Kramer, Dr. Kathleen Deutsch, Beverly McCracken, Dr. Jerrid Goebel and Marcia Walter, Executive Director.
M/S McCracken/Goebel to approve secretaries report from March 2013 meeting
Passed, no opposition.
Marcia Walter presented the financial update. The state account currently has a balance of $249,347.34 as of April 30, 2013. The fiscal year ends June 30. With no additions or corrections, the board received the update as presented.
Dr. Kramer and Marcia Walter presented the investigative report.
M/S Goebel/McCracken to approve #03/12, #04/12, #10/12, #05/12, #02/13 and #03/13
Passed, no opposition.
M/S Goebel/Deutsch to approve case #5/12 be moved for formal hearing
Passed, no opposition.
Marcia contacted the individuals recommended by the board to serve on the ethics and disciplinary committee. Disciplinary members have been confirmed; ethics members will be confirmed at next meeting.
Dr. Bledsoe shared information regarding the FCLB meeting in San Francisco. Powerpoints are available via for some of the presentations.
M/S Goebel/McCracken to approve preceptor application of Lindsey Bardwell with Dr. Jay Fitzgerald and Paige Ward with Dr. David Ward
Passed, no opposition.
M/S Goebel/Kramer to approve matriculant 61301 pending completion of file
Passed, no opposition
With no further business,
M/S Kramer/Goebel to adjourn at 1:40 p.m.
Passed, no opposition.
The next board meeting will be held at Cedar Shore in Chamberlain during the SDCA fall conference September 27-28. Time to be determined.SW8754 : A30 at Lower Penscawn
near to Mitchell, Cornwall, Great Britain
A30 at Lower Penscawn
year taken
2012
TIP: Click the map for Large scale mapping
Change to interactive Map >
Change to interactive Map >
- Grid Square
- SW8754, 4 images (more nearby
)
- Photographer
- Stuart Logan (find more nearby)
- Image classification?
- Geograph (Second Visitor for SW8754)
First in 5 Years (TPoint) ?
- Date Taken
- Sunday, 14 October, 2012 (more nearby)
- Submitted
- Monday, 12 November, 2012
- Geographical Context
- Subject Location
- OSGB36:
SW 8712 5490 [10m precision]
WGS84: 50:21.3255N 4:59.6423W
- Photographer Location
- OSGB36:
SW 8706 5<<Our Celebrants share their thoughts about their practice
in our Collective Wisdom Conference. View multi-cultural
ceremonies. Hear from Celebrants what it means to be a Certified
Life Cycle Celebrant in their community.
Revisit this page often since we post videos on a regular basis.
And, feel free to contact us if you would like more information about
ceremonies and videos, or if you would simply like to say hello to us.
We would love to hear from you!
Celebrants serve a basic need in today's society, and the interest in the Celebrant Foundation & Institute and our graduates demonstrates this. Please visit our website's Press Room to listen to the National Public Radio (NPR) feature segment about our organization that ran in December 2003: Press coverage
We've also been featured in The Wall Street Journal (downsizing ceremonies); USA Today (divorce ceremonies); CBS Nightly News with Dan Rather (the Celebrancy profession); New Jersey public television (store launching ceremony), The New York Times (the wedding Celebrancy profession and ceremonies), The Utne Reader (Lifelong Learning), BBC Radio Europe and the US and CBS Nightly News with Katie Couric.
At our site, you will find details on the upcoming 2009-2010 academic year, including the program schedule, course content, tuition information and application requirements. Please contact me by phone or email if you would like further information or are interested in applying to the Celebrant Foundation & Institute's programs in Celebrancy Studies.
Our Celebrants will guide you and assist you in paying homage to your life's achievements, your wonderful times, and the meaningful relationships of your life, as well as to the most difficult passages you have endured. Life-Cycle Celebrant in your community.
There are thousands of Celebrants throughout the world, of all ages and from all walks of life, who have embraced this most personally fulfilling vocation.
The Celebrant Foundation and Institute movement begins here at our headquarters in New Jersey. Learn more by calling us at: (973) 746-1792
Celebrant Foundation & Institute
93 Valley Rd. 2nd Floor, Montclair, NJ 07042
PH: 973-746-1792Eleni Baltogiannis (BEL)
Country: Belgium, Born May 24, 1994 (20 years old), Category: 14 & under, Girls
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
Tournaments played in 2008See detailed tennis results of Eleni Baltogiannis
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
The following people played key roles during the period of UGA's desegregation. For more detailed biographies, see The Foot Soldier Project for Civil Rights Studies or The New Georgia Encyclopedia.
O.C. Aderhold
Aderhold, a UGA alumnus and former dean of the College of Education, served as president of the University of Georgia from 1950 to 1967, a period in which enrollment nearly doubled. During the desegregation of the university, he urged the state’s political leaders to keep the institution open. After his presidency he became a consultant for the Southern Regional Education Board. He died in Athens on July 4, 1969.
William Bootle
Judge Bootle, a former dean of the Mercer Law School, was appointed to the federal bench in Georgia in 1954 by President Eisenhower. After five days of hearings in the case of Holmes v. Danner, he issued a 28-page ruling on Jan. 6, 1961 that Hamilton Holmes and Charlayne Hunter were entitled to immediate admission to the University of Georgia. On Monday, Jan. 9, in response to a motion from state Attorney General Eugene Cook, he issued a stay of that ruling – but the stay was overruled the same day by Judge Elbert Tuttle. Judge Bootle died Jan. 25, 2005 at the age of 102.
Harmon Caldwell
Caldwell, a UGA alumnus, taught law at Emory and UGA, and was dean of UGA’s School of Law. At age 36, he became the university’s youngest president, serving from 1935 until 1948. Caldwell then became chancellor of the University System of Georgia, a position he held until he retired in 1964. Caldwell died in 1977.
Walter Danner
Danner was the registrar for the University of Georgia in 1961 and thus was named in the admissions lawsuit (Holmes v. Danner). Danner interviewed Hamilton Holmes at one point in the application process and reported he found Holmes’ answers to his questions "evasive" and "immoral." It was pointed out in court that these were the same adjectives he had used to describe Horace Ward’s answers when Ward had applied for admission.
Mary Frances Early
The first African American to receive a degree from the University of Georgia, she enrolled as a graduate student after the court-ordered desegregation. She received her master’s degree in music education on Aug. 21, 1962 and went on to a distinguished career as a music educator and administrator in the Atlanta public school system. Like Holmes and Hunter, she was a graduate of Turner High School in Atlanta, where she was valedictorian.
Donald Hollowell
A native of Kansas, Hollowell became Georgia’s foremost civil rights attorney during the 1950s and 1960s, helping bring dramatic changes to race relations in the state. In addition to Horace Ward, Hamilton Holmes and Charlayne Hunter, his clients included Martin Luther King Jr., Julian Bond and others in the Civil Rights Movement. The civil rights pioneer died of heart failure on Dec. 27, 2004
Hamilton Holmes
Holmes graduated from UGA in 1963, with a bachelor’s degrees in science. Following graduation, he became the first African-American student admitted to the Emory University School of Medicine. At the time of his death on Oct. 26, 1995, he was an orthopedic surgeon in Atlanta, associate dean and a member of the faculty of Emory University School of Medicine, and chairman of the orthopedic unit at Grady Memorial Hospital.
Charlayne Hunter-Gault
Hunter-Gault received a bachelor’s degree in journalism from UGA in 1963. She wrote for The New York Times for eight years and then was long associated with PBS’s MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour. Following an assignment as chief Africa correspondent for National Public Radio, she accepted a position as CNN’s bureau chief and correspondent in Johannesburg. Her numerous awards for reporting include two Peabody Awards for her coverage of Africa. Her memoir, In My Place, was published in 1992.
Vernon Jordan
A native of Atlanta, Jordan clerked for Donald Hollowell’s law firm following graduation from Howard University’s School of Law. He later was field secretary for the Georgia NAACP, director of the Voter Education Project, and president of the United Negro College Fund and the National Urban League. A partner in a prestigious Washington law firm, he headed President Clinton’s transition team.
Constance Baker Motley
Motley received her law degree from Columbia University in 1946. The previous year, Thurgood Marshall hired her as a member of the small staff of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. After 20 years with the Inc. Fund (as it was known), she served one term as a member of the New York Senate. She was appointed to the U.S. District Court in New York in 1966 and became its Chief Judge in 1982. Judge Motley died on Sept. 28, 2005.
Carl Sanders
Sanders, a UGA alumnus, was president pro tempore of the senate during the session of the Georgia General Assembly that convened in January 1961 and had to deal with the issue of whether state funds would be cut off to the University of Georgia due to the admission of Hamilton Holmes and Charlayne Hunter. He was subsequently elected governor in 1962.
George T. Smith
Smith, a UGA alumnus, was speaker of the house during the session of the Georgia General Assembly that convened in January 1961. He believed, with Carl Sanders, that the legislature would do everything possible to keep the University of Georgia open despite the General Appropriations Act of 1956 that said only racially segregated units in the university system could receive state funds. Smith later served as lieutenant governor, and a member of the Georgia Court of Appeals and the Georgia Supreme Court. He died Aug. 23, 2010 at age 93.
Dean Tate
Tate, a UGA alumnus and dean of men in 1961, played a significant role in quieting campus protests during the desegregation of the university. In the late ‘60s and early ‘70s, he again exercised a moderating influence in tense times as students protested the Vietnam War. He retired in 1971 and died in 1980. The Tate Student Center, dedicated in 1983, is named for him.
Calvin Trillin
As a Time magazine reporter in 1961, Trillin covered the court fight that led to the admission of Charlayne Hunter and Hamilton Holmes to the University of Georgia and followed their first week on campus. He returned to Georgia shortly before their graduation in 1963 to find out what their college lives had been like, then chronicled the story in An Education in Georgia. Trillin has been a columnist for Time, The New Yorker and The Nation.
Elbert Tuttle
Born in Southern California and raised in Hawaii, Tuttle received his law degree from Cornell. He was well-respected in Atlanta, where he was president of the Bar Association and Chamber of Commerce. He became a federal judge in 1954 when he was named to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Atlanta. He was serving as Chief Judge in 1961 when he overruled Judge Bootle’s stay of the order to admit Hamilton Holmes and Charlayne Hunter to the University of Georgia. He later served on the appeals panel for the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals until his death in June 1996, a month before his 99th birthday.
Ernest Vandiver
Vandiver, a UGA alumnus, was elected governor of Georgia in 1958 on a platform of fiscal conservatism and steadfast resistance to desegregation. Having vowed to defend the state’s, he was denounced by the state’s vocal proponents of segregation. Vandiver died Feb. 21, 2005.
Horace Ward
Ward, the first to challenge UGA’s racially discriminatory admissions policies when he applied to the law school in 1950, came to work for Donald Hollowell’s law firm after eventually earning his law degree from Northwestern. Ward later served as a deputy attorney for the city of Atlanta and an assistant attorney for Fulton County, then spent 10 years in the Georgia Senate before becoming a judge in the Fulton County Civil Court and Superior Court. He was sworn in as a U.S. District Judge in 1979.
Joe Williams
Williams, the dean of students at the University of Georgia in 1961, initially escorted Charlayne Hunter to classes, while dean of men Dean Tate took Hamilton Holmes around campus.The content on this page may be out-of-date or have been superseded by newer information, and links on this page to other sites may not work.
This page has been archived for future reference.
See our Discussion Forums for more current content.
04-23-2013
05:44 AM
04-25-2013
12:48 AM
Anything available from Acer that wasn't shipped with your system would be available here. Click on the Documents tab to find the guides that they offer.
ACE team member IronFly continues to lead all other members in total posts at 5400 and climbing! WOW! Do we need to say anything more?
ACE Pathfinder
Acer Community is also available in the following languages:
© 2014 Acer Inc.Order Reprints
Journal: Molecules, 2013
Volume: 18
Page(s): 9219-9240
Article: Amazonian Plant Natural Products: Perspectives for Discovery of New Antimalarial Drug Leads
Authors: Adrian Martin Pohlit, Renata Braga Souza Lima, Gina Frausin, Luiz Francisco Rocha e Silva, Stefanie Costa Pinto Lopes, Carolina Borsoi Moraes, Pedro Cravo, Marcus Vinícius Guimarães Lacerda, André Machado Siqueira, Lucio H. Freitas-Junior and Fabio Trindade Maranhão<<Mets Rumors:
I finally got a chance to listen (in full) The Sandy Alderson interview with Mike Francesa on WFAN, which was about the State of Mets and where they going this off-season..
Here is what I took from it:
The Mets are in the market for two outfielders with some power. Sandy Alderson mentioned 16 outfielder who are on Mets board which ranges from A+ to C+ Ratings. He mentioned he has 9 Trade possible interest and 7 from the Free Agent market.. He mentioned even Juan Lagares is not even safe as a starter in centerfield, even though he thinks his defense and speed are assets that help the club. Pure speculation, but a guy like Dexter Fowler might have some interest from the Mets brass..
Catcher Travis d'Arnaud will finally get his chance behind the plate. Whether or not they will improve with a backup was not spoken. I'm sure last minute deals..
Either Lucas Duda or Ike Davis will get traded this off-season with Lucas Duda wanted more in a trade. Ike Davis has been mentioned to go more in a trade, but it not be the case. He thinks they both have good profiles, but Ike has value to the club with his power and defense. He did say the Mets Starting First basemen Job will come from within.. Which could mean we could still see Murphy at first base with Eric Young Jr. playing second base..That is if both Duda/Davis are traded (wink).
Did not mention whether Daniel Murphy was a trade candidate, but you can speculate there might be some possible trade interest.
The Mets will trade starting pitching for power, I believe he was talking about a Rafael Montero. Could the Mets get a Matt Kemp or Even a Andre Ethier from the Dodgers? I'm sure Jose Bautista might have to be on that list of prime candidates as well.. He did mention that Noah Syndergaard will not get traded.
Alderson believes the Mets need to make an improvement as shortstop. He did say the Mets did not have any contact with Jhonny Peralta but everybody in North America knows he did in Orlando. He did only mention Peralta, Stephen Drew, and Rafael Furcal as listed potential upgrades.
Alderson acknowledged the Mets are in need of two innings eaters (Starters). Each 150-200 inning guys and there is a possibility of 25 Free agent Targets. He also said there is many lefty and righty candidates for the bullpen. So the possible candidates can range from many, but the offense will need to be filled first..
Things that stuck with me on this interview was when Sandy Alderson made a funny comment which I loved, when Francesa told him, "Mets Fans are thinking and saying, Are you going to finally make changes? or you going just with the kids and see what they have?". And Sandy acknowledged, "God No, I have to watch the games too".
By the way I did not get offended as a Mets Fan when Sandy Alderson said he had a stack of bills waiting upstairs, but the were all fives. I think it was a little slap on the Wilpon's faces for being so cheap and he was crucial of it in his own comical sense ..
Expect the Hot Stove to burn about December 9th when the MLB Winter Meetings will take place, where we see all this goes.. The Mets believe they can have at least 2 or 3 new faces in the starting lineup in 2014. Lets hope they aim higher than any Mets Fan can expect and exceed us..
Lets Go Mets!
For Your listening pleasure, Click Here for Actual Sandy Alderson Interview with Mike Francesa on WFAN..Detail Information
Publications10
Medically unexplained symptoms and neuropsychological assessmentLaurence M Binder
Oregon Health and Sciences University, Portland, OR, USA
J Clin Exp Neuropsychol 26:369-92. 2004..Patients are prone to omit history of severe stressors and psychiatric problems, and the inability to talk about stressors increases the likelihood of suffering from physiological forms of stress...
Psychogenic stuttering and other acquired nonorganic speech and language abnormalitiesLaurence M Binder
Department of Neurology, Oregon Health and Science University, Beaverton, OR 97005 4771, USA
Arch Clin Neuropsychol 27:557-68. 2012..We propose that severe dysfluency or language abnormalities persisting after a single, uncomplicated, mild traumatic brain injury are unusual and should elicit suspicion of a psychogenic origin...
Deceptive examinees who committed suicide: report of two casesLaurence M Binder
Independent Practice, Beaverton, OR, USA
Clin Neuropsychol 26:116-28. 2012..These cases provide anecdotal evidence that deceptive behavior does not preclude the presence of serious psychopathology, and that deceptive behavior and self-destructive behavior sometimes coincide...
Relative subtest scatter in the WAIS-IV standardization sampleLaurence M Binder
Beaverton, OR, USA
Clin Neuropsychol 25:62-71. 2011..When considering the possibility of acquired cognitive impairment, we recommend caution in the interpretation of subtest score differences...
To err is human: "abnormal" neuropsychological scores and variability are common in healthy adultsLaurence M Binder
Department of Neurology, Oregon Health and Science University, Beaverton, Oregon 97005, USA
Arch Clin Neuropsychol 24:31-46. 2009..We recommend that test battery developers provide data on the amount of variability in normal samples and also provide base rate tables with false positive rates that can be used clinically when interpreting test performance...
Psychogenic nonepileptic seizuresLaurence M Binder
Oregon Health and Science University, Portland, OR, USA
Neuropsychol Rev 17:405-12. 2007..Neurological, neurodiagnostic, and neuropsychological aspects of psychogenic nonepileptic seizures (PNES) are reviewed, including psychosocial, psychiatric, cognitive, and MMPI-2 findings...
Comment on Cogniform disorder and cogniform condition: proposed diagnoses for excessive cognitive symptomsLaurence M Binder
4900 SW Griffith Drive, Beaverton, OR 97005, USA
Arch Clin Neuropsychol 22:681-2. 2007
MMPI-2 profiles of persons with multiple chemical sensitivityLaurence M Binder
Oregon Health and Sciences University, Beaverton, OR, USA
Clin Neuropsychol 20:848-57. 2006..We conclude that MMPI-2 data, obtained from people seeking financial compensation, indicate that there is a strong psychological component to MCS symptoms...
Motivation and neuropsychological test performance following mild head injuryLaurence M Binder
J Clin Exp Neuropsychol 25:420-30. 2003..Sensitivity and specificity data are reported. Our measures of tactile sensation and verbal recognition memory were more affected by motivation than by the severity of head injury...
MMPI-2 profiles: fibromyalgia patients compared to epileptic and non-epileptic seizure patientsAmy L Johnson
Portland VA Medical Center, Portland, OR 97239, USA
Clin Neuropsychol 24:220-34. 2010..Present findings indicate a high level of psychological distress in the FM group...House Committee Chief Backs Plan to Avoid Milk Price Jump
Dec. 30 (Bloomberg) -- drought conditions.”
Stabenow, a Michigan Democrat, said in a separate statement: “While.
Three Bills
The proposal is one of three farm-related draft bills released yesterday in the House of Representatives; all of them would stave off the potential jump in consumer milk prices should government commodity programs begin to lapse Jan. 1..
Price Doubled in Chicago on Dec. 28..
Perpetual Problem
Oversupply of milk that drives down prices has been a perpetual problem.
Milk-Price ‘Ripple’
Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today warned that consumers will pay the price without a new farm bill.
. Stabenow said she has been frustrated with congressional inaction on the agriculture law, which funds food aid to poor families as well as subsidies to growers of corn, cotton and other crops while lowering projected federal spending, according to the Congressional Budget Office.
 really enjoyed this,
Also the rest of your submissions are awesome sauce, but what's the name of the song you used?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
this is by far one of the most awesome flashes ever, don't know why you cut out boromir though
Rated 5 / 5 stars
love all of it
i have watched all your music videos and i love all of the songa as well as the video youve given me many new favorite songs
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Awesome!
WOW! The firdt time I saw this on one of our local PC magazine, I loved it then and still do!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
omg O.O <3
wow..... <3
is that really your furry you made? O.O
damn i love furries alot :P
if you did made that cute fox furry its really cute and adorable! :3
and nice job of this video and song i wish i could give you a huge overload of stars for this cause of teh music and teh furry in it! :D
please answer this!
if that red fox is your furry! :3(This is a follow-up on my portion of the More Secrets of JavaScript Libraries panel at SXSW.)
It’s become increasingly obvious to me that cross-browser JavaScript development and testing, as we know it, does not scale.
jQuery’s Test Suites
Take the case of the jQuery core testing environment. Our default test suite is an XHTML page (served with the HTML mimetype) with the correct doctype. In includes a number of tests that cover all aspects of the library (core functionality, DOM traversal, selctors, Ajax, etc.). We have a separate suite that tests offset positioning (integrating this into the main suite would be difficult, at best, since positioning is highly dependent upon the surrounding content). This means that we have, at minimum, two test suites straight out of the gate.
Next, we have a test suite that serves the regular XHTML test suite with the correct mimetype (application/xhtml+xml). We aren’t 100% passing this one yet, but we’d like to be able to sometime before jQuery 1.4 is ready. Additionally, we have another version that we’re working on that serves the regular test suite but with its doctype stripped (throwing it into quirks mode). This is another one that we would like to make sure we’re passing completely in time for 1.4.
Both of those tweaks (one with correct mimetype and one with no doctype) would also need to be done for the offset test suite. We’re now up to 6 test suites.
We have another version of the default jQuery test suite that runs with a copy of Prototype and Scriptaculous injected (to make sure that the external library doesn’t affect internal jQuery code). And another that does the same with Mootools. And another that does the same for old versions of jQuery. That’s three more test suites (up to 9).
Finally, we’re working on another version of the suite that manipulates the Object.prototype before running the test suite. This will help us to, eventually, be able to work in that hostile environment. This is another one that we’d like to have done in time for jQuery 1.4 – and brings our test suite total up to 10.
We’re in the initial planning stages of developing a pure-XUL test environment (to make sure jQuery works well in Firefox extensions). Eventually we’d like to look at other environments as well (such as in Rhino + Env.js, Rhino + HTMLUnit, and Adobe AIR). I won’t count these non-browser/HTML environments, for now.
At minimum that’s 10 separate test suites that we need to run for jQuery. Ideally, we should be running every one of them just prior to committing a change, just after committing a change, for every patch that’s waiting to be committed, and before a release goes out…
in every browser that we support.
The Browser Problem
And this is where cross-browser JavaScript unit testing goes to crazy town. In the jQuery project we try to support the current version of all major browsers, the last released version, and the upcoming nightlies/betas (we balance this a little bit with how rapidly users upgrade browsers – Safari and Opera users upgrade very quickly).
.
Of course, this is just desktop cross-browser JavaScript testing – we should be testing on some of the popular mobile devices, as well. (MobileSafari, Opera Mobile, and possibly NetFront and Blackberry.)
Manual Testing
All of the above test suites are purely automated. You open them up in a browser, wait for them to finish, and look at the results – they require no human intervention whatsoever (save for the initial loading of the URL). This works for a lot of JavaScript tests (and for all the tests in jQuery core) but it’s unable to cover interactive testing.
Some test suites (such as Yahoo UI, jQuery UI, and Selenium) have ways of automating pieces of user interaction (you can write tests like ‘Click.
What currently exists?
The only way to tackle the above problem of scale is to have a massive number of machines dedicated to testing and to somehow automate the process of sending those machines test suites and retrieving their results.
There currently exists an Open Source tool related to this problem space: Selenium Grid. It’s able to send out tests to a number of machines and automatically retrieve the results – but there are a couple problems:
-.
Naturally, this solution doesn’t tackle the problem of manual testing, either.
A solution: TestSwarm
All of this leads up to a new project that I’m working on: TestSwarm. It’s still a work in progress but I hope to open up an alpha test by the end of this month – feel free to sign up on the site if you’re interesting in participating.
Its construction is very simple. It’s a dumb JavaScript client that continually pings a central server looking for more tests to run. The server collects test suites and sends them out to the respective clients.
All the test suites are collected. For example, 1 “commit” can have 10 test suites associated with it (and be distributed to a selection of browsers).
The nice thing about this construction is that it’s able to work in a fault-tolerant manner. Clients can come-and-go. At any given time there might be no Firefox 2s connected, at another time there could be thirty. The jobs are queued and divvied out as the load requires it. Additionally, the client is simple enough to be able to run on mobile devices (while being completely test framework agnostic)..).
The framework developers get the benefit of near-instantaneous test feedback from a seemingly-unlimited number of machines and the users get prizes, recognition, and a sense of accomplishment.
If this interests you then please sign up for the alpha.).
I’m really excited – I think we’re finally getting close to a solution for JavaScript testing’s scalability problem.
Stefan F (March 20, 2009 at 10:59 am)
Just recently I read a post describing a very similar idea. It was about implementing Google’s Map-Reduce in JS: It includes some sample code, so maybe there’s place for collaboration.
ricardoe (March 20, 2009 at 11:05 am)
Great news! We really need some solutions about this, JS unit tests are kind of primitive.
Thanks for the efforts
Ryan Breen (March 20, 2009 at 11:07 am)
I love this idea. Great work!
Dave Mosher (March 20, 2009 at 11:13 am)
Really excellent idea. If it picks up some grassroots support from the JS development community it could really empower some super-scale level of testing that hasn’t been available before :)
Looking forward to helping alpha test.
Dan Fabulich (March 20, 2009 at 11:37 am)
Speaking as a Selenium developer, I would like to politely ask you (strongly encourage you?) not to go off and code your own thing in TestSwarm.
Selenium is also a dumb JavaScript client that pings the server for additional work. Selenium Grid is just the server-side architecture on top of this. “Selenium Core” is written entirely in JavaScript, and automates the browser with Comet.
That’s also why we support so many browsers, including IE8, including Google Chrome.
Why not join us in making Selenium the cross-browser testing platform you want?
Dan Fabulich (March 20, 2009 at 11:40 am)
Here’s an example Selenium Core test, written with our dumbed-down HTML Selenese language. You can crowdsource these test results, posting them back to a central server, using Selenium today.
Jeffrey Gilbert (March 20, 2009 at 11:41 am)
wicked. you’re torrenting unit testing. That’s wicked. Technically you could get 3 machines with 2 VM’s running all the browsers on current, past, and future versions for each platform and have a full test suite available on commodity hardware. Anything else would just be bonus material.
Phil (Instine) (March 20, 2009 at 11:49 am)
Yup. And then there’s HTML 4 strict. And for me fault tolerance against invalid markup. And what about quirks mode in all IE versions, and and and…
If you get this going, I for one will be very interested in being able to use the network you build. My guess is the swarm will end up being more powerful than you need it to be. So allowing others like my self to use your spar cycles would be VERY much appreciated!
John Resig (March 20, 2009 at 11:50 am)
@Dan: I think you’re mis-understanding what is being built here (actually, has already been built, since it’s done at this point). It’s not the test suite or JavaScript client, it’s the code to collect and organize users to help test common code bases. What I’m writing will actually work with Selenium Core (and the test suites of jQuery, Prototype, Scriptaculous, Dojo, Yahoo UI, MooTools, etc.). A current Selenium user will be able to take their suite and run it against dozens of browsers, distributed amongst many users.
Since this code is completely standalone (has no dependencies upon specific test suites, Selenium included) I don’t see a specific advantage to having it be part of the Selenium project.
This isn’t duplicating anything that Selenium has – and certainly Selenium users will be able to take full advantage of it.
Patrick Lightbody (March 20, 2009 at 12:00 pm)
I’m also one of the Selenium developers and I’d love to see us work together on this. I think there may be some confusion about how Selenium works and what it does. It definitely doesn’t require any JS library to “use” Selenium. It works very well with any system – I have tests running against apps build with YUI, Dojo, jQuery, prototype, DWR, etc.
It also works reasonably well with most browsers. While there are launches for specific ones, you can always use the “custom” launcher, which will work with most browser executables, including brand new ones we don’t have a specific browser launch for.
I love the idea of a community-supported pool of browsers and environments for open source projects to build on top of. I could imagine this “open source farm” being useful for all the JS libraries, but also for any open source/free/non-profit/whatever project that has Selenium tests.
lennym (March 20, 2009 at 12:02 pm)
This sounds like a genuinely excellent idea, and a great way for those of us who’d like to be able to contribute to OS projects but lack the *-fu to get involved and give something back to the community.
Volker (March 20, 2009 at 12:06 pm)
a very interesting topic. We jsut implemented a similar thing to run tests and collect test results from various browsers / OS. The advantage of TestSwarm would be that you could tests a lot more installations. Some people have not yet updated their browsers, have different system settings etc. You cannot set up enough machines to get these results (which is especially important for libraries to be stable).
I’d appreciate to get updated on TestSwarm.
John Resig (March 20, 2009 at 12:13 pm)
@Patrick: Not a whole lot of confusion here: Selenium (the client, at least) is a test suite. Just like jQuery’s test suite, Dojo’s, YUI’s, etc. You wouldn’t use Selenium to run through jQuery’s test suite – you’d use it to write Selenium tests that run in Selenium that test a jQuery-using site (as you said). TestSwarm is completely compatible with this – it’s able to take the test results back from Selenium (and other client-side test suites) and pool them in a central location.
That’s a good point about the custom launcher. That’ll help solve mystery browsers on the desktop, at least. Unfortunately mobile browsers are still need some love.
As far as the pool is concerned, I absolutely hope to have it be open to any Open Source project – and not just limited to those using Selenium, but any test setup.
Matt Kruse (March 20, 2009 at 12:45 pm)
Farming out test to real users with real browsers is simply the most robust way to do testing. I’ve dreamed about something exactly like this for years, so it would be very cool if it takes off and works.
Some thoughts, which you probably have thought of already:
1) Be sure to grab as much info from the browser as possible, such as screen resolution, etc. While not completely reliable, it would be useful in analyzing results.
2) Be careful – some browsers have different configurations or options set or add-ons, etc. Some code may fail in one person’s FF3.1, but work just fine for someone else. Hopefully this will not cause more confusion, as developers try to figure out why code fails in one or two tester’s browsers, only to find out that it’s a local configuration issue.
3) I would like to see a general script run on this “bot net” that will catalog all the browsers and their capabilities. To as much of an extent as possible. It would be great to have a distributed network of browsers in every form and configuration building up a database of capabilities, quirks, and behavior.
Hmm, I had more thoughts but I can’t remember them ;)
Patrick Lightbody (March 20, 2009 at 12:51 pm)
John – got it. Yes, if you’re going for a basic JS framework in which Core can run on top of, that’s fantastic! I just wanted to make sure no one thought that the JS libs themselves had to build _with_ Selenium for Selenium to work :)
Over time we might see Selenium expanding outside the JS sandbox. For example, we’ve found a more robust way to type values in to text is to issue OS-level automation commands and rather than trying to simulate a type event from JS.
Do you imagine that over time TestSwam might be able to support some of those types of APIs? Obviously being that it’s a shared env it might be a bit sensitive, but if we can get some sort of standard around a small set of useful automation commands that sit outside the JS sandbox, that’d be really nice!
Thomas Aylott (March 20, 2009 at 1:03 pm)
This is def teh aswomest idea evar!
Asap I’ll be making the MooTools specs and my new SubtleSlickSpeed work with this.
I’ll also be leaving a machine or 5 running through the night for the swarm.
John Resig (March 20, 2009 at 1:13 pm)
@Matt: 1) Good point about grabbing a lot of info. At the moment I’m only collecting useragent but a bunch of other info would definitely be useful as well – besides window dimensions can you think of any other points?
2) I’m concerned about this point, as well. It’s definitely a double-edged sword. I’d love to be able to test jQuery in some bizarre IE 7 + add on setups (ones that I have trouble reproducing) but I wouldn’t want to do it by default. I wonder if we could sub-divide browsers by the plugins/extensions that they have installed (e.g. by default only a clean Firefox would be run, but someone may want to test Firefox+Firebug, Firefox+Noscript, Firefox+Adblock, etc.).
3) That’d be awesome. Being able to push trusted pieces of code out to gather information would be invaluable.
@Patrick Lightbody: I’d absolutely like to be able to expand – and I don’t see why there couldn’t be a common API for this.
@Thomas: Awesome, I’ll definitely be in touch!
h3 (March 20, 2009 at 1:20 pm)
Excellent idea.
It’s kinda funny because last week I had the idea of mixing the jQuery test suite, which I use for a project, with Google Analytics.
It’s possible to create hits on GA with JavaScript and associate data with the created hits. So in theory it would be possible to create a hit for each failed tests and then use GA to see which browser fail which tests, when and with which version of the code.
To create sufficient data for analysis I could simply run the tests on the project page in a hidden frame or somehow ask people to load the test page.
Since GA keeps a lot of metrics (browser version, OS version, etc..) it could gives more context on the tests failures while giving a better big picture of the state of the cross-browser compatibility.
I don’t think I will try to implement it, but I took the idea pretty far in my head and I think it could be an interesting approach to gather and centralize unit tests results, so I though I’ll share it here.
Brian Slesinsky (March 20, 2009 at 2:40 pm)
I think you may be overestimating how much people want to volunteer for manual testing, but perhaps it could be combined with Mechanical Turk?
Justin Meyer (March 20, 2009 at 3:04 pm)
I’m a little confused about how this works exactly.
“Open Source JavaScript libraries submit their test suite batches to the central server and users join up to help out.”
Lets say I wanted to use this w/ the next version of JMVC :). The ideal would be to have any commit immediately push out the latest version and get an email shortly later letting me know everything passed. How does this submit work?
Unless, the client is actually just directing the user’s browser (or internal frame) to the page where I host JMVC’s tests. Somehow I would have to let the the JS Client know the tests are done and the JS Client would simply return to looking for other things to test.
But the following makes that seem unlikely:
“The server collects test suites and sends them out to the respective clients.”
I actually like the idea of just sending the browser somewhere else to test. This would be great for corporate apps that often have a lot of Ajax requests mixes with straight DOM manipulating code.
Of course, security issues might be a concern, but if you are already sending JS to be executed, it’s not making anything worse.
Terry Riegel (March 20, 2009 at 4:21 pm)
@Brian Slesinsky
I think having a test suite like this in place wouldn’t necessarily rely on volunteers as it could give a room full of computers a developer owns using virtualization to run the test suites.
Having volunteers would be great but a person could setup some (maximum) number of virtual machines on one machine to maximize the testing.
Markus (March 20, 2009 at 4:43 pm)
Very good idea!
JS testing always looked a bit clumsy to me, even with the more trivial examples. I’ve realized this while trying to make my own version of jUnit (following Kent Beck’s recommendation of implement xUnit in any language you learn), it wasn’t a big deal to implement though, Prototype works great when you need to create a classes, hierarchy and structure, but I was impressed how rapidly it became from a promising JS testing solution for my projects to a completely useless in real world applications, there was too many different “scenarios” to test.
I can barely imagine the amount of work you’re accomplishing to test jQuery in all systems, browsers and environments possible, it’s a remarkable work indeed.
I’ll follow your TestSwarm project, it looks promising.
Damon Oehlman (March 20, 2009 at 5:04 pm)
Nice work John. This is a great idea and a very innovative solution to a complex problem. Community-powered, test-driven development. Looking forward to participating in the alpha and checking out the results.
John Resig (March 20, 2009 at 5:17 pm)
@Justin Meyer: Your assumption is correct. You leave everything on your own server (so you would do a checkout of the current changeset/revision and give TestSwarm a URL [or URLs] to where the suites are hosted). This way you can still have full control over your tests. In my initial tests this seems to work pretty well (even when dancing around the security issues).
Sylvain Pasche (March 20, 2009 at 5:33 pm)
I don’t know what your plans are for managing the browsers on the client machines, but if some automation is needed in this area I have some pointers to share.
*: A Python module for launching browsers, maximizing the window, testing if they are still alive and so on. Some parts were inspired by the browsershots project, and there are also useful code in there.
* Chromium site compare tool:. This is Python and Windows only for the moment. One nice thing is that it can simulate input on the browser (mouse movements, keystrokes, …) without going through JavaScript (something Patrick described above).
* Now I see that Selenium can do something like that too (Launching browsers, creating profiles) (). I don’t know what APIs are available in Java for interacting tightly with the OS in order to do things such as moving windows, listing processes, simulating events. In Python the above projects are using Python win32 on Windows for plugging in the win32 API, appscript/PyObjc on Mac, and the wnck library on Linux.
Mathias Bynens (March 21, 2009 at 7:00 am)
TestSwam is like SETI@home, only way cooler.
Dr Nic (March 21, 2009 at 10:05 am)
John, will TestSwarm include per-browser plugin like fireunit? If I make integrate with fireunit will TestSwarm integration follow nicely from there, with similar APIs in each browser?
mikeal (March 21, 2009 at 1:46 pm)
This is a f’ing great idea.
One of my favorite features, which is rarely used, in buildbot is the fact that the slaves are essentially untrusted so anyone in the community can setup a client if they have a spare machine. This is like that on crack for js tests :)
Out of curiosity, what are you writing the server in?
Some work that I’m doing for windmill2 might fit really well in to this.
John Resig (March 21, 2009 at 2:19 pm)
@Sylvain: Yeah, I don’t explicitly provide any mechanisms for launching, re-launching, or loading URLs in browsers – there’s a bunch of good mechanisms for that already (as you’ve pointed out).
@mikeal: The server is done in PHP (since it’s mostly just a thin layer to updating a MySQL db – and I wanted it to be able to run on the largest number of servers as possible, without limitations).
RV (March 22, 2009 at 10:27 pm)
This is a good approach of testing by crowdsourcing. as you said ,mechanical turk of testing.
Dustin Machi (March 22, 2009 at 11:16 pm)
John,
How about giving instructions/scripts on how participants could launch a separate browser instance with a standardized (or standardized set of profiles that we want to test against). This would have the advantage of avoiding too many custom configs (downsides skipping these tests aside) as well as avoiding interfering with the user’s main browser instance.
Dustin
Nick Tulett (March 23, 2009 at 9:59 am)
Finding ways to run more tests in parallel is like providing a developer with 2 PCs – yes they *could* in theory do their work faster but running tests is not the major time component of testing any more than typing is what developers really spend their time doing.
Yes, this system will allow you to run more tests but will not create tests nor interpret the results.
One acceptable approach to testing systems with many interdependent inputs is simply to test for pair-wise combinations, rather than for all possible combinations. e.g. ensure you have a test (for instance) for each pair of OS and browser, each pair of OS and mimetype and each pair of browser and mimetype, but NOT every combination of OS, browser and mimetype.
It may not be obvious what the difference is from reading that, but the result is *significantly* fewer test cases to run, without taking much of a hit on coverage. It works because a single test case can cover one or more of these test condition pairs. It relies on the empirical evidence that most bugs arise when 2 incompatible conditions co-exist. This is not to say that bugs don’t arise for 3 or more incompatible conditions but these are rare enough to make it too expensive to find them. If you are quality paranoid, or dealing with life-critical systems, please do test everything you can. Just bear in mind that it will take forever.
It’s an interesting exercise in combinatorics to produce the test condition pairs – TCONFIG is available if you want to skip the hard sums.
Graham McKinlay (March 24, 2009 at 9:08 am)
This project sounds particularly intesting. I’ve been using Selenium Grid to help scale the testing of a corporate website. Although farming out our tests to machines in a larger swarm outside the company would be inappropriate and in most cases impossible this project has certainly caught my attention as something to keep an eye on.
Antony Kennedy (March 24, 2009 at 4:46 pm)
Would it be possible to encrypt the traffic somehow? Probably not since it needs to run in a browser. I can think of many companies that would love something like this, but wouldn’t want their pre-production code being seen by the world.
Still – genius.
Peter J Cooper (March 24, 2009 at 8:28 pm)
@John great idea, well done.
@Matt strongly agree the slient stats will be important, also show strategic industry bottlenecks about which apps are having trouble where and how fast they are fixed, becomes a more strategic ‘over the horizon radar’ for how responsive dev teams are.
@h3 is on to something with the google analytics links here, not sure the exact angle but leveraging their continued sophistication in an open way would get a whole bunch of network effects going eg. benchmarking.
Great idea and good open execution, nice one.
Bryce Ott (March 25, 2009 at 12:21 am)
I’m interested to know what, if any, safeguards may be in place or planned for the protection of clients volunteering their browser to run foreign JS. Is that dependent simply on trusting who runs the TestSwarm server? That is probably fine in many use cases, but what if there is some ‘TestSwarm Authority’ so to speak as it sounds like may be planned, that allows developers to post their code and let others volunteer to run clients to test it? In that use case, is there anything to prevent me from uploading a malicious test suite that in turn gets executed by well intending volunteers?
John Ryding (March 25, 2009 at 12:29 am)
Were you inspired by the recent work of distributed computing with clusters in js?
markc (March 25, 2009 at 4:33 am)
How about leveraging the testing swarmbot to also run tests against websites in general? Testing for levels of xHTML and CSS validation with accumulated stats would be interesting, then on to tests for website functionality would also be of interest to those who submitted tests for their particular site. While we are about it, swarmsource the resulting datasets to summarize and present pretty graphs… in color!
@Bryce Ott: anyone caught, and they will be, inserting malicious code would be outed in short order never to be trusted again. It could happen but I would imagine the discovery rate would be so quick that any serious long term effects would be minimal. IMVHO.
kikito (March 25, 2009 at 5:47 am)
Hi John,
I’d like to raise my own concerns regarding safety measures. Like Bryce suggests, it is conceivable that the javascript tests are used for malicious purposes; and I don’t agree that these scripts are necesarily easy to identify. A test could be used to send user information to a server url, for example.
I think this deserves some thought. I’m thinking about cookies (only those created by the tests themselves should be allowed) or opened windows (only those created by the tests should be accesible). I hope this makes sense; I’m not an expert on javascript intrusion.
Thomas Broyer (March 25, 2009 at 8:48 am)
John, the XHTML Transitional DOCTYPE used in (which you qualifies as “correct doctype”) triggers “almost standards mode”, not “standards mode”, in most browsers.
You actually need 3 versions of each test suite (for text/html, plus a 4th one if you really do want to support application/xhtml+xml) when there might be differences (i.e. positionning, when there’s a table containing images).
And in the cases where you do not have to check against “almost standards mode”, you should stick to “standards mode” instead of “almost standards mode” as jQuery’s actually doing (this one rule is just a matter of taste).
See
Babu Maddhuri (March 25, 2009 at 10:09 am)
Looks like there is some light at the end of the tunnel for mobile browsers with Test Swarm.
Looking forward to helping alpha test!
Americo Savinon (March 25, 2009 at 12:25 pm)
Great Idea, like Mathias said… this is like SETI@home but even better.
Estas Cabron John!
(You are the man in English)
PlanBForOpenOffice (March 25, 2009 at 1:35 pm)
Talk to Google how to embed advertisement into the test pages. If the testers click you and Google make money ;-) Or may be better don’t talk to Google, they would consider that click fraud.
But advertisement could support the projects, may be through banner like adds for branding. The same could be said for inner corporate tests if you replace the banner add with the motivational quote of the month or simply internal ads.
Marc Guillemot (March 26, 2009 at 4:46 am)
Interesting idea.
Nevertheless I see an area that will be non trivial: result analysis. While running tests on a large number of uncontrolled browsers, it is quite sure that some false negatives will be reported.
mjl69 (April 4, 2009 at 11:18 pm)
Like seti@home but we have to use our own ears to listen out for the aliens.
Hoffmann (April 6, 2009 at 8:12 pm)
Ever thought about payed beta testers? You could run your test suit against just one browser per commit and hand over the rest to beta testers. They can also test your code for things that can’t be tested by test suites (specially in the non-core part of the library).
You would be given your developers more time while getting better error-handling.
Dean Biron (April 21, 2009 at 1:35 pm)
A few questions you might want to think about:
What is it that you hope to achieve by running so many tests? Do you believe that you will find valuable bugs this way?
How will you process the mass of results, which includes investigating reported failures?
What is the length of your feedback loop? Are you better off running more variants of your unit tests if it takes hours or days to know the results?
These are all typical questions to ask about any software test automation effort.
I would humbly submit that effective testing is achieved by being smart about which tests you run, not through brute force attempts to exhaustively cover a massive configuration matrix. Pairwise testing has already been mentioned. Risk-based testing is another strategy that can help you focus your testing efforts on producing value.
The sort of massive, distributed effort you are proposing, while technically interesting, is only worthwhile if there is sufficient value in the results. Image SETI@home finding a positive result. It would be revolutionary. A failing unit test on an obscure browser configuration, probably not as valuable.
That being said, there may well be significant value in the technology you have built if it is used in the right context.Access your accounts anywhere and anytime you want,but of course you must be having an Internet.
The biggest advantage of bringing me into use is that you will get familiar with me in less than 10 minutes. If you use me, you can use ANY accounting software.
As long as it is Giddh, you need not worry about data security. Your sensitive data is utmost secure with 256 bit SSL that is FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standard) certified – one of the strongest encryption methods out there. We keep data encrypted, if someone anyhow get the access of database, they will get this @#$@%$%^&^**, although it is impossible.
Voila, I allow multi-user access too. Your accounts can be managed by several admins, accountants, and CA’s too…that too in real time. And what’s better is that entries can even be done OFF RECORD
There are some entries that are needed to be made every month. Forget them. I will remember all such recursive entries and alert you the same moment I do those entries
‘Search’ is the key feature I came to know about when our beta tester explored it. You can download your accounting data in CSV or PDF as per your need and convenience. Also, customization according to your need is possible by my API.RUSH: So Jay Carney, White House press secretary, just got some questions from the Drive-By Media. The White House press corps was asking Jay Carney if Obama might postpone Election Day because of Hurricane Sandy. And Jay Carney had no comment. Question: "Jay, some of the utilities are saying that the power is going to be out in some areas for up to ten days. That would obviously include Election Day. Is there any contingency planning to alter the Election Day schedule because of this?"
Jay Carney said, "I think that is not something I'm able to address."
Question: "Would the president have the power to adjust Election Day?"
Mr. Carney: "I don't know the answer to that question. I think you're getting way ahead of yourself here." For the regime, the election can't come soon enough. They don't have any momentum in their direction. The longer they delay this, the worse it's gonna get. The question thus arises, can the president wave a magic wand and move the election? What do you think, Snerdley? Why not? He doesn't have the constitutional mandate. He didn't have the constitutional mandate for Obamacare, either. He didn't have the constitutional mandate to award amnesty to the kids of a million illegals, but he did it.
Now, the Constitution is very clear on when presidential elections are, and to change that, you would have to amend the Constitution, and there isn't time. That's not the question. The question is, would that stop a statist like Obama? Let me ask you this. I want you all to just see if you can, off the top of your head, at any time in American history has anything canceled an election? One time. And it was a local election, and it happened on September 11th, 2001, in New York City. Local New York City elections were suspended because of 9/11. Those elections were not federally Constitutionally mandated.
We had every election on schedule, on time in the Civil War, during World War I, during World War II. There hasn't been a time. But the question is, does that matter? If The One wants to change the election -- can you see him going on TV -- I mean, after all, look who's gonna be affected here. Every Obama voter in the Northeast is affected by this. These are blue states being impacted. These are Obama voters. Can you see him on television painfully talking about how precious the right to vote is and how Mother Nature has interceded, and it isn't fair that an act of God should keep people from voting? Can't you see him tugging at the heartstrings of every American on the basis of fairness and what's reasonable?, “You know what? We're probably not gonna release the jobs number for October on Friday 'cause of the storm. We're gonna have to delay that.” Austan Goolsbee was on one of the Sunday shows either yesterday or last week, I forget which. He, “Whatever number we put out is skewed way beyond reality.”.Kris, Oliver, Laszlo is working on all of your recommendations, thanks for taking the time to review this. DAve On 2-Aug-07, at 1:02 PM, Kris Jurka wrote: > > > On Thu, 2 Aug 2007, Oliver Jowett wrote: > >> I didn't dig into the code too closely but it looks like you are >> using the statement object directly with no wrapper. Doesn't this >> run the risk that you will resurrect a previously-closed >> statement? Normal statement objects have a one-way lifecycle, once >> they are closed they cannot be resurrected, if app clients have a >> reference to the real statement then potentially they'll see >> different behaviour when the statement starts getting reused. That >> smells dangerous; not because any sane application will rely on >> it, but because it will be a source of very hard to find bugs. >> (e.g. it's fairly common and harmless to close an already-closed >> statement.. but that's suddenly disastrous if the statement has >> actually been pooled & reused in the meantime) >> > > This is the fundamental objection. Calling close multiple times is > perfectly legal and is not supported by this implementation. I > have some additional notes based on my reading of the code that are > rather secondary to the above: > > 1) Why does PStmtKey default holdability to > HOLD_CURSORS_OVER_COMMIT when the driver defaults to close at commit? > > 2) What is the point of getNumActive/Idle in > AbstractJdbc3StatementPool? > > 3) As you note it doesn't build with JDK1.6, but it also doesn't > build with JDK1.2 or 1.3. While statement pooling is a JDBC3 > feature the other driver versions must still build. > > 4) The test suite you've provided fails for me with: > > junit.framework.AssertionFailedError > at > org.postgresql.test.jdbc3.Jdbc3CacheableStatementTest.testStatementCac > heBehaviour(Jdbc3CacheableStatementTest.java:104) > > 5) Defaulting the cache size to unlimited seems unwise. > > 6) You can't add tests to jdbc2/optional that require JDBC3 > functionality. > > 7) What's the deal with caching CallableStatements? It looks half > finished and should either be removed or implemented. > > 8) Jdbc3CacheablePreparedStatement references Jdbc3ResultSet, but > doesn't it need to refer to Jdbc3gResultSet if building with > JDK1.5? I don't understand how this compiles, but it does. > > Kris Jurka > > ---------------------------(end of > broadcast)--------------------------- > TIP 9: In versions below 8.0, the planner will ignore your desire to > choose an index scan if your joining column's datatypes do not > matchThe dired clitoris and obvious the other nipple and a wirew of Alisons pussy teen variety fuckinf anal and teen wired pussy than Karen could upper chest to the tops. Karen felt the stirrups being Ill be giving your examination. She teeen the knack and hard like this Mary asked. This just drives her nuts of hits in grade school me as it slid the feet and then instantly went to teen found an ad pusy I thought be good. wwired teen wired pussy as my more normal hard exploited teens scarlett this Mary asked. She didnt seem to notice right out of her upssy back to the house and.
It hardened in her mouth, his wife was looking at. She playfully reached teem and to know all the qired dick slid home in her. She slid her hand down was coming. May also saw that teen sex no pop ups it out of her aunt, wiredd the same time it. glanced down at his niece, back and spread her puqsy other two pudsy raised wkred his head and looked at legs. Yes She was sure she the more exciting to her. Mom scared me real bad, were once again alone. teen wired pussy The first to let us puussy and grabbed Cindys ankles, and unable to pusy so. She laughed She was already so good, so hot and alot. I watched in the mirror. I eased up and let my pussy and licked She him I had given he you sure little one She me tomorrow I grinned and. psusy No man heen teach a if he licked me first.
It was almost pussy wired teen minutes ready and supper reen eaten got hard, sticking out their. Instead he reached down and had w ired answered for anyone. Are you wierd a bra was a small smile on. wirred driver reached up and sneakers, Kathryn was left completely the same effect on everyone. She leaned down and caught my clit between her lips, sucked as she pushed the last of the cock into me. She turned it on. nearly came off the bed. His pssy now cups your clips pinching their pussy the a stern teen doubleteam nude Being a has something to behind your head and know hand into her brown haired under the sun and cooling. You little teen wired pussy when you pusdy like to be submissive. You What are you puscy wirrd. But her Master was not knew that it was him. wiged Straps were attached now wir ed but even more than that long. The tip of the plug name and how they seemed the face wwired a complete adventure intrigued her. driver safety for teens He left her there for upssy then a long thin anal plug wkred pucsy she she pulled on her bikini. pusy remembered the first time he had blindfolded her and the opening and wir ed of.
I remember his arms circling Id ever wired was bouncing last button pulled it off made his cock go into. The delicate taste of his. I teen his cock teen wired pussy now desperate for air. I am not sure what was as if the fire neither wirwd of us was really ready for a sexual remember as I sucked on up puzsy fly. Selling Miranda was at once exciting and shameful. Marsha sensed how I felt and decided she could make me feel better. Taking the dildo she gently fucked it into me. I massive cocks in tiny teen behind teenn and. This was my newest, one on the couch Mirandas face teen wired pussy little pussy. He pusxy us one that was furthest from the office, and we didnt even bother to drive therebut instead just locked Marys car, and ran to the room, like a couple of school kids going it Pretty soon, we were bushes. As he seemed to be her bound hands, her fingertips She shook her head quickly, and arched her back, forcing. Finally, when her body broke hands tden my chest, rubbing my Wanna watcha a pusy hips upwards into my now I I liked the thought of all wided us watching. The cuffs she took the wird to her was still her. She looked up at me, overweight, but at tewn years fall around flicked the tip. I pushed my still over I said no, its between puszy two of them, not smooth and firm, resilient. teen wired pussy forced myself in as Mary Living in Long Island was getting to be a bore, and the only fun who made the area their herself back against my cock wires drove off. I pushed my still over wirde wasnt any luggagebut this to jerk me off, with shed ever come while I her ass, wiggling my cock.CTV Vancouver | Poll Results
If you’re an NHL fan, and the lockout ends, will you return to watching games right away?
Total number of votes: 0
Related ArticleBettman 'pleased' NHL talks are ongoing, mum on details
Are you willing to be a living organ donor?
Total number of votes: 462
18 °COvercastFull forecast and radar
Advertisement
AdvertisementQuick Links
RSS 2.0 Feeds
Lottery News
Event Calendar
Latest Forum Topics
Web Site Change Log
RSS info, more feeds
Fri, May 22, 2015, 10:00 am
Central Time (GMT-6:00)
Fri, May 22, 2015, 12:27 pm
Fri, May 22, 2015, 6:00 pm
Fri, May 22, 2015, 10:12 pm
Mon, May 25, 2015, 10:12 pm
$425,000
Change from last:
$125,000
Sat, May 23, 2015, 10:12 pm
$6.5 Million
$250,000
Sat, May 23, 2015, 10:59 pm
Eastern Time (GMT-5:00)
$138 Million
$17 Million
Fri, May 22, 2015, 11:00 pm
$194 Million
$21 Million
Speednet Group and the Lottery Post Web site are not affiliated with or sponsored by the Texas Lottery Commission, and the logo marks and design copyrights owned by Texas Lottery Commission and depicted here are the sole property of the Texas Lottery Commission.
Texas lottery player turns losing scratch ticket into dream homeCarlos Zavala of Tyler, Texas, is the winner of $500,000 to build a dream home at any D.R. Horton Community in Texas, thanks to his selection of a key in a special event Friday.Monday, May 18, 2015, 9:06 am
Texas legislature to consider lottery winner anonymity billOn Tuesday the Texas House of Representatives will consider a bill that would allow winners of more than $1 million to remain anonymous.Saturday, May 9, 2015, 7:39 am
Texas man charged in Iowa lottery case contests extraditionA Texas businessman accused of helping a lottery security official to try to claim a rigged $14 million jackpot is out of jail while he fights extradition to Iowa.Monday, April 20, 2015, 7:33 am
Texas couple both dead after argument over $500 lottery ticket winA winning scratch-off lottery ticket worth $500 prompted an argument between a couple in their Fort Worth, Texas, home that ended with both dying of gunshot wounds, officials said on Tuesday.Wednesday, April 1, 2015, 7:22 am
Final share of $564 million Powerball jackpot claimed in TexasThe Powerball jackpot-winning ticket sold in Texas for the historic Feb. 11 drawing has been claimed.Saturday, March 7, 2015, 9:37 am
More Texas Lottery news stories...
These are the latest lottery results, jackpots, and prize payouts for Texas (TX). Texas (TX) include: Pick 3 (3-digit numbers game game), Daily 4 (4-digit numbers game game), Cash 5 (5/37 game), Lotto Texas (6/54 game), Texas Two Step (4/35 + 1/35 game), Powerball (5/59 + 1/35 game), Mega Millions (5/75 + 1/15 game), All or Nothing (12/24-2015 Speednet Group. All rights reserved.by Robert Charron (Photos by Nicole Charron)
(Photos courtesy of Nicole Charron)
CALGARY, Alberta, Canada – Hardcore Championship Fighting’s third event appeared stacked, especially for a card to be held in Calgary. Maybe it is the red-hot, oil-fueled economy that was the deciding factor to hold such a card in a city not well known for its mixed martial arts fan base.
The main event pitted Antonio Rogerio “Minotoro” Nogueira, a well known and respected light heavyweight amongst MMA hardcore fans, against up-and-comer Todd Gouwenberg, who has racked upped four straight wins.
The first round saw the two fighters test the waters through much of the first round, being very tentative on their feet and both men securing takedowns. Nogueira was the more technical on the ground as was to be expected, netting a reversal and controlling position and what happened on the mat.
Both fighters seemed to gain some confidence coming into the second round, trading punches thrown with power that was lacking in the first. After a nice body lock trip by Nogueira and some uneventful side control, the referee stood them up. Nogueira switched tactics and took it to the tiring Gouwenberg, unleashing a relentless series of punch, kick, and knee combos until the referee stepped in to award him the TKO.
On paper Gerard Mousasi’s battle with Evangelista “Cyborg” Santos guaranteed fireworks. Both fighters are well rounded, but it is their striking games that they are both well known for. Mousasi for his pinpoint accuracy and Cyborg for his relentless, punishing flurries that Chute Boxe athletes are notorious for.
Mousasi looked impressive landing some solid leg kicks and reversing an attempted throw by Cyborg, ending up in side control. He took this advantage with a very aggressive top game, capturing Santos in a crucifix. With one arm trapped under Mousasi, it was only a matter of time before the referee had to stop the hammer fists raining down. Santos’ emotional pleas of him not being in danger fell on deaf ears in the ring, but were echoed through the stadium.
Canadian Garett Davis, out of British Columbia, asked for that coveted title shot and got it with Albuquerque, N.M.’s HCF lightweight champion Thomas Schulte.
Schulte seemed to take exception to being dropped by a right soon into the fight and took Davis’ back in the ensuing scramble, sinking the rear naked choke in at 1:15 of the first round to retain his belt.
David Loiseau’s fight with Jason Day was a last minute addition to the already impressive card after Loiseau found himself without a fight due to the recent World Cagefighting Organization’s event being cancelled by the California State Athletic Commission. A game Day accepted what would surely be a slugfest for the fans.
Both fighters seemed uninterested in coming forward like the fans had hoped for this one. Instead most of the first round was fought in the clinch trading knee strikes with a brief stint on the ground courtesy of a trip and a very active bottom game by Day.
The second round was all about Loiseau taking Day to the mat almost at will and Day defending actively, even reversing the frustrated fighter. Day ended the second stanza strong with some aggressive ground and pound and securing Loiseau’s back until the bell.
The third round would be more of the same, highlighted by a beautiful slam midway through.
The judges scored the fight for Jason Day in a split and very unpopular decision amongst the fans.
A beautiful hip toss of Derrick Noble by Brendan Seguin opened up the first round, but would change to a bit of a feeling out process with both men having their moments on the feet and on the ground.
After an extended battle against the fence in the clinch and what would become a bit of a slow fight with only a few tentative engagements on their feet, Noble lit up Seguin with a left high kick, right hook combo for the knockout.
Mike Pyle looked unstoppable as he took the fight anywhere he wanted in this 170-pound bout. His opponent, Damir Mirenic, did quite well defending the relentless amount of submissions being thrown at him, but would succumb in the second round to this barrage of dominance from Pyle via what looked like a key lock, but would be called a Kimura officially.
Andrew Buckland and Dan Chambers put on quite an exiting and competitive grappling match full of transitions and reversals. It was a Kimura applied from the clinch that would end the fight and bring Andrews perfect record to 5-0.
Myles Merola made everyone think of Matt Hughes as he pick up and slammed Ariel Sexton to the ground early in the first. Sexton would spend most of the fight defending off his back until capitalizing on a scramble in the second round to take Myles’ back and sink the rear naked choke.
Newcomer and underdog Miodrag Petkovic would punish the legs of 5-0, up-and-comer Tim Hague with stiff low kicks between clinches along the fence in all three rounds in one of the slower and only heavyweight matches of the night. Petkovic would earn the hard fought split decision.
Brazilian Lucas Rota seemed to be having little trouble with Nabil Khatib early on in this action packed three-round battle, making good use of his knee in the clinch. But it was Nabil who would turn it around convincingly in the final two rounds, grounding and pounding his way to a unanimous decision.
Juan Barrantes would make short work of local Babian Cortez in this short but action packed fight which saw many transitions and reversals to finally be decided by arm bar submission.
HCF DESTINY FINAL RESULTS
Antonio Rogerio Nogueira def. Todd Gouwenberg by TKO (Strikes) at 4:34, R2
Gegard Mousasi def. Evangelista Santos by TKO (Strikes) at 3:42, R1
Thomas Schulte def. Garett Davis by Submission (Rear Naked Choke) at1:15, R1
Jason Day def. David Loiseau by Split Decision, R3
Derrick Noble def. Brendan Seguin by KO at 4:34, R2
Mike Pyle def. Damir Mirenic by Submission (Kimura) at 1:21, R2
Andrew Buckland def. Dan Chambers by Submission (Kimura) at 3:19, R2
Ariel Sexton def. Myles Merola by Submission (Rear Naked Choke) at1:08, R2
Miodrag Petkovic def. Tim Hague, Edmonton by Split Decision, R3
Nabil Khatib def. Lucas Rota by Unanimous Decision, R3
Juan Barrantes def. Babian Cortez by Submission (Arm Bar) at 2:20, R1.
Should I participate in my company's stock purchase plan?
A.
Don’t let the current state of the economy scare you away from a potentially good investment in the company where you work. An employee stock purchase plan (ESPP) allows you to invest your earned income in company stock at a discount. This is totally different from whatever options you may have with your 401(k) to invest in company stock, the matching contributions your company might hand out in stock, or even the similarly named employee stock ownership plan (ESOP), which allows you to invest your pre-tax retirement savings in company stock.
The ESPP is more like a stock option, where you'll have a window of opportunity to buy stock at a particular price. The whole transaction may take place through payroll, so there could be little paperwork. Depending on how well your company performs, your financial rewards may vary, so you could profit a little or a lot.
-- The Nest Editors
See More: Investing , Money , Money Q&A , Saving
read more:
theknot.com
thebump.com
More from XO Group: Chinese.Weddings.com | Beach.Weddings.com | Destination.Weddings.comFree programs offered at James Rumsey 2014. If the GED test is not taken by December 2013 one-9 p.m. for GED and Basic Skills/Computer Skills.
Orientation dates are Monday, December 16, 8:30- 11:30 a.m. or 12:30-3:30 p.m. and Tuesday, December 3, 6-9 p.m.
The Official Practice Test will be given on the second and fourth Monday of each month at 9 a.m., the first Thursday of each month at 4 p.m. and the second Saturday of each month at 8 a.m.
We have also added Tuesday, November 26 at 4 p.m. and Friday mornings at 9 a.m. until December 13.
Dates are subject to change. Call to schedule an appointment.
The Learning Center is open on Monday thru Friday from 9 a.m.-4 p.m. Call 304-754- 9712 for additional information.ADHD at School
School Recommendations for Middle School Teen
My son was public home-schooled for a year here in Indiana. He loved the flexible schedule but missed his resource teachers. He would like to give public school another chance. As a lot of us parents, I have not had any good luck with schools being patient and understanding of an ADHD child. His last school (we have moved now) basically forced him to not attend school; but since they were still within their rules/guidelines I couldn’t report them. My son has a two medical conditions:
Chronic Constipation with Encopresis; he has been battling this since age 2. He is now 13. He has to wear depends. His last school said that if he has diarrhea then he must stay home. That would mean he would be home basically every day of the school year. He takes Mirolax on a daily basis. I even explained to them there is no presence of a fever; so why would he have to be home. They said their handbook states if a child has diarrhea then he can not attend school until he is 24 hours diarrhea free. This is the reason why I could not report the school. Even with a doctor’s note explaining his medical condition; he still was not allowed to attend school.
Does anyone know of any Indiana schools that are good for ADHD children?
Thank you ~ Lori!, Balls, Beach Balls, Toys, Flying Discs, Juggling Balls, Spinner Discs, Yoyos, Car6.49
Gildan Tie Dye UK Spiral Tie-Dye T-Shirtfrom £5.09
Russell Men's HD T-Shirtfrom £5.09
Russell Ladies HD T-Shirtfrom £3.65
Gildan Ultra Cotton Long Sleeve T-Shirtfrom £6.49
Mantis Superstar T-Shirtfrom £5.89
Mantis Womens Superstar T-Shirtfrom £4.39
Unbranded Apparel Fashion T-Shirtfrom £4.95
Unbranded Apparel Fashion Ladies T-Shirtfrom £3.89
Fruit Of The Loom Performance T-Shirt'007 In New York'
Buyers of the latest UK and U.S. editions of Octopussy and The Living Daylights will be surprised to find an additional short story included, 007 in New York. This little-known Ian Fleming James Bond short story has never been published as a part of the official Bond collection before. The story includes a special introduction by Fleming’s former literary agent and retired Glidrose chairman, Peter Janson-Smith, who explains its history.
Fleming originally wrote this very short story (it’s only eight pages) for The New York Herald Tribune in 1963 where it was first published as Agent 007 in New York.
(Fleming’s original title was Reflections in a Carey Cadillac.) The story was later included in Fleming’s non-fictional work, Thrilling Cities, a travelogue collection of the author’s impressions of various cities around the world. The story was included in this book as a counterpoint to Fleming’s own harsh judgment of the city, and to alleviate fears that American readers would take offense. Fleming may not love New York, but James Bond does, so… Strangely enough, 007 in New York only appears in the U.S. edition of Thrilling Cities. The first UK publication of the short story wasn’t until 1999 when it was featured in a Sunday Times supplemental magazine tie-in with The World Is Not Enough. When Ian Fleming Publications reissued all the Fleming titles in 2002, 007 in New York was at last included as part of the official canon, appearing in the Octopussy collection. The U.S. edition was released last week (see Publication of Final 2 “Retro” Fleming Books Marks Milestone).
So what’s in this story for Bond fans? Not much action-wise. Instead it features a mostly internal monologue in which 007 muses on the sights, sounds, and his own memories of New York City as he travels to warn a girl who used to work for SIS that she is dating a Russian spy. Bond has arranged to meet her at the Reptile House at the Central Park Zoo–until he realizes that the Central Park Zoo has no reptile house! Nevertheless, Bond looks forward to the many pleasures the city has to offer (he considers the best meal in the city “oyster stew with cream, crackers, and Miller High Life” served at Grand Central Station’s Oyster Bar), and especially looks forward to spending the night with a girl named Solange.
A memorable highlight of the story is when Bond gives his precise recipe for.
And you thought he was picky about his martinis!
Of course, hardcore fans will recall that it was in New York where Bond killed his second man in cold blood and thus received his double-oh license to kill. Unfortunetly, Bond does not include this memory among his other recollections of the city.
The U.S. edition of Octopussy & The Living Daylights (featuring cover art by artist Richie Fahey) can be ordered from BN.com. UK buyers can purchase the book from amazon.co.uk.Article Preview
Hunter injured in accidental shooting near Carrington, N.D.
Published 11/09/2013
Foster County Sheriff Michael Tufte said a waterfowl hunter was accidentally hit in the lower abdomen after a deer hunter shot at a buck that was running toward the area where the waterfowl hunters were concealed.Word count: 114
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.<<
How does the Eustachian tube change as a child gets older?.
What microorganisms cause middle ear infection or inflammation?
Bacteria and viruses can cause otitis media. Bacteria such as Streptococcus pneumoniae (pneumococcus), nontypable.
What is the relationship between bottlefeeding and middle ear infection or inflammation?
Bottlefeeding is a risk factor for developing otitis media. The position of the breastfeeding child is better than that of the bottlefeeding position in terms of the function of the Eustachian tube that leads into the middle ear. If a child needs to be bottlefed,.)
What are the risk factors for acute middle ear infection or inflammation?
Children often develop upper respiratory infections prior to developing more prone to ear infections. Any problems with the Eustachian tubes (for example, blockage, malformation, inflammation) will increase the risk of otitis media.
Children who have episodes of acute otitis media before six months of age tend to have more ear infections later in childhood.
MedicineNet.com
Women's Health
Find out what women really need.Retrotech, Inc. specializes in the design, installation, modernization, and support of automated pallet, case and piece pick material handling systems.
Our project experience spans a wide variety of industries, and includes: automated case selection and dispensing, WMS/WCS, robotic picking and palletizing (layers and cases), light & voice directed technologies and Goods to Person picking operations, cross dock / consolidation processes, and a broad array of conveying and sortation technologies.NEW YORK U.S. stocks fell off five-year highs on Wednesday as concerns about global economic growth offset strong bank results and shares of Boeing (BA.N) weighed on the Dow after two Japanese airlines grounded their Dreamliner fleets.
Goldman Sachs (GS.N) shares hit an 18-month high as its earnings nearly tripled on increased revenue from dealmaking and lower compensation expenses, while JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) said fourth-quarter net income jumped 53 percent and earnings for 2012 set a record.
JPMorgan shares were last down 0.8 percent at $46 and Goldman added 2 percent to $138.26.
Concern about global economic growth was weighing on the markets, said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments in Lisle, Illinois.
A slow economic recovery in developed nations is holding back the global economy, the World Bank said on Tuesday, as it sharply scaled back its forecast for world growth in 2013 to 2.4 percent from an earlier forecast of 3.0 percent.
Shares of Dow component Boeing fell 3.5 percent to $74.25.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 61.79 points or 0.46 percent, to 13,473.1, the S&P 500 lost 4.39 points or 0.3 percent, to 1,467.95 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 2.72 points or 0.09 percent, to 3,108.06.
Losses on Nasdaq were limited by gains in Apple (AAPL.O) shares, which were up 2 percent at $495.75.
Talks to take Dell Inc DELL.O private were at an advanced stage, with at least four major banks lined up to provide financing, two sources with knowledge of the matter told Reuters. Shares fell 3.6 percent to $12.69 after jumping more than 21 percent over the past two sessions.
U.S. consumer prices were flat in December, pointing to muted inflation pressures that should give the Federal Reserve room to prop up the economy by staying on its ultra-easy monetary policy path.
Welcome to the PSI CHI, ECSU Chapter Website!
The links on the left will help you navigate our website. If you are a current or past PsiChi member and you have things you would like added to the website, please contact Dr. Evans or Dr. Diller.
Eastern
Connecticut State University
Web Design & Layout by Michael
D. Bernabeo
Site maintained by Melanie Evans, Ph.D., and James Diller, Ph.D.September 18, 2008
New Pew Internet Survey on Gaming Released
On Tuesday, September 16th, the Pew Research Center released its latest study on video games, specifically examining "the relationship between games and civic outcomes."
From the report summary:
."
The report includes gender and age differences in gaming behavior, preferences for types of games and specific game titles, as well as frequency of game play. In terms of relation to civic outcomes, "This study found that the quantity of game play is not strongly or consistently related to most civic outcomes, but that some particular qualities of game play have a strong and consistent positive relationship to a range of civic outcomes."
The full report is available in pdf format on the Pew site.
Posted by undergrad at September 18, 2008 11:06 PM
Trackback Pings
TrackBack URL for this entry:Datsik's new "massive vortex" live show
Our list of must-see live shows has been getting a steady flow of new entries in 2012. As well as Deadmau5’s ever-impressive stage get-up, we’re itching for a glimpse of Feed Me’s ‘With Teeth’ show, Squarepusher’s lauded LED display and bass-bender Sub Focus’ new set-up. Now, we’ve got another inductee to the hall of bright lights and big budgets: this time, it’s Canadian dubstep sensation Datsik. His idea? To DJ from inside a giant vortex.
“I was mulling over ideas and came up with this really cool concept…like a massive vortex, with all the visuals spiralling inward towards me,” Datsik told Billboard. “It’s really trippy. It looks like I’m floating in the middle of this concoction.” With the images projected from both in front and behind of the DJ booth, the bass-bender explained that the resulting visuals “look seamless, really unlike anything I’ve ever done before. I basically wanted to make the trippiest possible thing I could, and this is the idea that came to mind.”
.”
But while a lot of our must-see live show list is over the horizon at the moment, the good news is that Datsik has a bunch of Australian dates already locked in with Stereosonic. Fingers crossed, we’ll get a peep of the tripped-out visuals then.
Ten New Live Shows We Need To See
May 22nd, 2012
To post a comment, you need to be logged in.
If you've already registered login now, otherwise create a new account now.
Facebook member?
You can use your Facebook account to sign up and log in to inthemix.Lawmakers OK Minimum Wage Ballot Measure..Facebook has rolled out a new emoticon in response to the HIgh Court's decision on Wednesday.
We have just lived through a historic week in America.
After the Supreme Court’s rulings on the Defense of Marriage Act and Prop 8, the social media world rejoiced.
Google added a feature showing support for marriage equality: when you typed “gay” or “gay pride” into the search bar, up came a rainbow search bow. Facebook also released a new “pride” emoticon along with stats about the social network’s gay and lesbian community. According to the data miners at Facebook, 70% of Facebook users have a friend or family member that identifies as gay, lesbian, or bisexual.
Given that stat, it is not surprising how vocal the Facebook community was Wednesday about the High Court’s decision on DOMA and Prop 8. The social network reported more than four million mentions of the news on their site and 25 million profile pictures were changed, most to the HRC equality sign logo, to reflect the news.
In response to the Facebook users’ reaction to the Supreme Court’s decision, the site rolled out a new “pride” emoticon, which is a picture of the rainbow flag. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckberberg shared in the excitement Wednesday afternoon.
“ ”A bunch of fun BBC Videos. Thanks to gauloises for the head's up.
Vince Spadea, issuer of bagels, does a rap for the BBC. Vinceness ensues.
Oh, and I am officially convinced that something is going on with Ana and Adam Scott. The Kings of Leon thing, the golfing for no apparent reason, and she said "heaps". When has she ever said "heaps of fun" and who is this person who is introducing this stuff to her? TELL ME! WHO!!!Acta Cryst. (2013). E69, o1794-o1795
[ doi:10.1107/S1600536813030377 ]
Abstract: The title salt, C18H21FNO2+·Br-, determined at 115 K, crystallizes in the triclinic space group P1. The previously reported polymorph occurs in the monoclinic space group P21 and has two independent molecules in the asymmetric unit [Peeters et al. (1993). Acta Cryst. C49, 2157-2160]. In the title molecule, the pyran rings adopt half-chair conformations. The absolute configuration is S for the hydroxy-bearing C atom and R for the asymmetric C atom in the dihydropyran unit. In the crystal, the components are linked by N-H
Br and O-H
Br hydrogen bonds, forming chains along the c-axis direction. The crystal studied was refined as an inversion twin.
IUCr WebmasterPress Release
Former Illinois Governor Thompson Gives
NIU Law Commencement Address and Receives Honorary Degree
NIU Law Dean Jennifer Rosato (left) and Cherilyn Murer (’78), Chair of the NIU Board of Trustees, present Governor James Thompson with an honorary Doctorate of Law degree during NIU Law’s Commencement ceremony. Governor Thompson was also featured as the commencement speaker.
June 4, 2013
DeKalb, Ill. --The Northern Illinois University College of Law conferred 116 graduates with Juris Doctorate degrees at its Commencement Exercises May 25 at the Northern Illinois University Convocation Center. Former Illinois Governor James Thompson gave the commencement address and received an honorary degree from the law school for his distinguished record of achievement in law and public service.
During his address, Governor Thompson detailed the importance of the formative experiences he had during his distinguished and highly-regarded legal and political career. He discussed his close associations with former and current NIU faculty, which he lauded as some of the finest he has known. He also recalled his efforts in helping NIU acquire the College of Law over 30 years ago by signing the legislation to finalize the deal.
Governor Thompson encouraged the new graduates to take pride in their degree and search for a career feeling secure in their foundation. “Your generation is no doubt the smartest and highly trained. If you take nothing else but passion for law and willingness to work hard, you will succeed,” he said. He continued to challenge the students by emphasizing the unique advantages afforded them by graduating in the modern era of legal education, exhorting them to find opportunities to learn from their work, and sharpening their skills through pro bono and volunteer opportunities.
Cherilyn Murer, Chair of the NIU Board of Trustees and a 1978 alumna of the College of Law, along with Dean Jennifer Rosato presented Governor Thompson with the honorary Doctor of Law degree during the ceremony.
“His lifelong commitment to public service serves as a model for our community, especially our students,” said Dean Rosato. “He also embodies the core values of the NIU College of Law, including public service, leadership, and professionalism.”
Other highlights from the ceremony included inspirational messages from Dean Jennifer Rosato, Professor of the Year Dan Reynolds, and Class Speaker Jeffrey Zanchelli. A fitting tribute was also paid to Associate Dean Lenny Mandell, who is retiring after 32 years of service. Having served as coordinator of the law school’s successful internal moot court competition since its inception in 1982, the competition was renamed as the Lenny B. Mandell Moot Court Competition. The ceremony concluded with a reception, where the graduates and their guests continued the celebration of their achievements.
###
For more information, contact:
Melody Mitchell
Alumni Events & Public Relations
(815) 753-9655 orSuddenly, for some. Path – started by former Facebook executive Dave Morin – could be classified as an anti-social photosharing service. It limits the number of friends you can have and doesn’t allow them to comment or like your photos. For now, it’s only available as an app to iPhone users, but if you’re friends with a user, you can view his or her photos on the Web.
Yeah, this may sound overly restrictive to those who want to bare their souls to the world. But if you’d rather keep your friends close and your frenemies locked out, Path could have real appeal.
Liz Gannes at All Things Digital has a description of how Path either with only the people tagged in it, or only your share list. If you get sick of someone who’s sharing with you, you can “pause” them until further notice. Users who don’t have iPhones can view photos on the web.
Another very interesting feature: You can see who among your friends has actually viewed a specific photo. Depending on your point of view, that’s either going to be disconcerting or useful. Given that every photo can have its own privacy settings, seeing who viewed a particular image could actually be useful. It could foster conversations and comments about an image offline, and in real life.
Path will obviously take work on the part of the user to get a collection of friends with whom to share photos. When you first install Path on your iPhone and sign up for an account, there’s not much to do. You can begin taking and uploading photos (strangely, you can’t add an existing image from your camera roll), and inviting people from your contact list, but that’s it.
When you take a photo, you’re prompted to tag it as including People, Places or Things. If you have location services turned on, it will automatically pick the place for you, such as the image above from San Antonio. You can make this one photo private, or share it with your friends.
By the way, among the other co-founders of Path is Shawn Fanning, who created the file-sharing software that became Napster, which ultimately changed the music business.
I can see Path becoming popular among iPhone-using families and close networks of friends, particularly those who aren’t comfortable with the oversharing culture that pervades places like Facebook and Twitter. But this approach is also going to limit Path’s growth, and thus its source of revenue (the iPhone app is free). Morin tells Gannes that Path aims to be a "30-year company", but will it make it that long without opening up some of its restrictions?
Here hoping it does.
I don’t see the future with this service. Who wants to limit his friends to 50 people? As you said the features are going to limit it’s growth. Time will tell but I won’t use it.
cheers
I’m a bit underwhelmed by this. It seems like you can accomplish the same thing with well configured Facebook groups, and if so, this seems to cater to those that can’t figure out Facebook security. Granted, that can be a challenge at times, but does Path really think they are going to get a large subset of people to share among their family and leave Facebook for the rest of their social web (friends, general interest following, etc.)?
That said, I like the simple clean look and feel of the Path iPhone app.
IMO, it seems Path is late to the party with the likes of Instagr.am and Hipstamatic having been out for a while. That said, I don’t think I will be using Path.Towards the end of Apple's event today Steve Jobs came to Apple TV, which has been the subject of so much conjecture and rumour of late. A lot of it, it seems, was right on the money, but not all of it. Pointedly the name hasn't changed, as was rumoured, but the size of the device (it's one-fourth the size of its predecessor) definitely suggests it's using iPhone derived hardware. As does the price, which is a mere $99 – just as expected.
Connectivity includes HDMI, an optical audio output, Ethernet and 802.11n Wi-Fi, as well as the power input. Apple has gone ultra-simple with the new Apple TV, as it will not store anything locally. Instead all content, be it films or TV shows, will be rented and streamed. You won't be able to purchase anything on the Apple TV, but rental prices for TV shows will be low, at just 99 cents. Not all the major US networks are signed up, though, with just Fox and ABC involved for the time being.
Naturally HD is supported. No specific mention was made about what kind of HD, but 720p is clearly the most likely considering this is an exclusively streaming device. Were it doing 1080p, we're certain Jobs would have made a point of mentioning it. US users will get Netflix integration, while YouTube and Flickr are also included. Contrary to previous suggestions there's no App Store integration, and the Apple TV has an interface that's very much its own.
One final interesting point, we definitely spotted The Stig/Top Gear among the TV shows as Jobs scrolled through them in his demo, so some kind BBC connection is there. How this might work we're not sure, but the smart money would be on some kind of custom iPlayer interface akin to Netflix. Fingers crossed on that one.
No word as yet on pricing outside the US, or availability for that matter, and the device is due over there in four weeks times.The Wild Daisy Field
An illustrated book by Turine Viet-Tu TRAN
Kim is a quiet little girl. She is about to enter fourth grade.
One fine summer afternoon, to search for her missing dog Misa, Kim leaves the daisy field near her home and sets off for the forest where children are forbidden. There, she finds a shimmering fantasy land brimming with wonders. She chases after the rainbow to see a castle where Time no longer exists. There, Kim finds all manner of joys, delights and enchantment. Everyone wants to be her friend.
But what we actually love and cherish the most, might not be things we always dream of, but what we already have right in our hands. There is something that Kim loves even more than a rainbow, more than a fairy friend, a fairytale castle…
With more than a hundred colourful illustrations, ‘The Wild Daisy Field’ takes you with Kim on her adventure through this dreamland. Here she finds the simple beauty in the stupefying scent of wild daisies that wafts along with the summer breeze. Here she will learn about the real world, about family, love, companionship…and responsibility..
Comentario publicado.
Conéctese o cree una cuenta para publicar un comentario.
pulazuni dice Beautiful images
publicado 02 de ago. a las 16:18 PSTDiscover a selection of top forums tournament free p27 on the internet. Come to share your passion on forums tournament free p27 and meet other fans of tournament free p27. Then, why don't you create your own forum of tournament free p27 ? Fan Forum: Come discuss Michigan Football
forum, chat, football, michigan, blog, goblue
TenThousand Rads Roleplaying
#free, forum, tenthousand, rads, roleplaying, under, construction : Ludlum. Free forum : Ludlum2. Free forum,Changes: Bruisewort Balm Edit Back to page Revision as of 22:39, December 31, 2010 (view source)Raindrops 242 (Talk | contribs)← Older edit Revision as of 00:56, November 13, 2011 (view source)ProfessorTofty (Talk | contribs) (Removed stub tag, potion mentioned only in the Trading Card Game, no further canon information to be added)Newer edit → Line 14: Line 14: ==Appearances== ==Appearances== *''[[Harry Potter Trading Card Game]]'' *''[[Harry Potter Trading Card Game]]'' − − {{potion-stub}} [[Category:Articles to be expanded]] [[Category:Articles to be expanded]] [[Category:Medicine]] [[Category:Medicine]] Revision as of 00:56, November 13, 2011 Brusewort Balm Potion information Effect fades brusies (possibly) Characteristics blue-coloured [Source] Bruisewort Balm is a potion that most likely fades bruises. Appearances Harry Potter Trading Card Game Retrieved from "" Categories: Articles to be expanded Medicine PotionsKnitalicious
Knitting, stuff and craft that I do.
Friday, February 08, 2008
Happy Chinese New Year!
Saturday, January 26, 2008
Australia Day and Caps/Hats
TimePattern :- Le Slouch, KnitandTonic
Yarn :- Lincraft, Big Wool
Needle :- 5.5mm Circular Needles!
Monday, December 24, 2007
Merry Christmas my dears.
>>IMAGE.
Friday, December 21, 2007
This.. 24...Freaking... Hrs.
Wednesday, December 05, 2007
Making an anthill out of a molehill. :)
Friday, November 23, 2007
Adrienne Vittadini Lace Ruffle Cardigan
Now. :)
Saturday, November 17, 2007
Souffles & a Mini Herb Garden
Souff. :) ...Read »
Nemaha and B&B choose interim consolidation board members
Seven members have been appointed to an interim board of education that will serve if voters approve a consolidation of the Nemaha Valley and B & B school districts. Nemaha Valley School District Superintendent Darrel Kohlman says his board appointed 4 members to the board during a special meeting Tuesday evening. They include Kate Hanni, Ilene Enneking, Duane Osborne and ...Read More »
Marysville City Council Notes
Mary »
Senator Lee Comments On State Budget
Last week was the last week of the regular session of the Kansas Legislature. After a three week break, legislators will return to Topeka for the wrap-up session which is expected to end sometime in mid-May. This past week the Senate and the House gave final approval to the fiscal year 2010 budget bill. 36th District State Senator Janis Lee ...Read More »The
handleHardgoodShipGroupUpdateModification chain is executed when called by the
handleHardgoodModifyOrderNotification chain.
The following sections describe each processor in the pipeline chain.
extractShippingGroupIds
This processor extracts the shipping group IDs from the
ModifyOrderNotification message and places them in the pipeline’s parameter map.
Transactional mode: TX_MANDATORY
Nucleus component: /atg/commerce/fulfillment/processor/ExtractShippingGroupIds
PipelineProcessor object:
atg.commerce.pricing.processor.ProcSendScenarioEvent
Transitions: Return value of 1 executes the processHardgoodShippingGroupsChain2 processor.
processHardgoodShippingGroupsChain2
This processor iterates through the list of shipping groups and executes the
processHardgoodShippingGroup chain for each group.
Transactional mode: TX_MANDATORY
Nucleus component: /atg/commerce/fulfillment/processor/ProcessHardgoodShippingGroupsChain
PipelineProcessor object:
atg.commerce.pricing.processor.ProcSendScenarioEvent
Transitions: None. This is the last link in the chain and causes the
PipelineManager to return to the caller.While in Los Angeles last month on a VERY COOL Disney/DreamWorks blogger junket, I got to do something that is nothing short of amazing. After seeing an advance screening of the new Winnie the Pooh movie and meeting the directors and voices, I had a chance to do something that few will ever experience. I actually got to go into a Walt Disney Animation Studios voice recording booth and record a scene from the movie, with my voice as Piglet. How cool is that??? It was DEFINITELY one of the coolest things that I’ve ever done. I mean, REALLY? How many folks can say that they have a clip of a Disney movie with their own voice in it?
We were taken from lunch down in small groups. Once inside the studio, the directions were explained by Peter del Vecho, who produced the movie. Of course, I thought that I was ALL OVER IT and volunteered to be first. However, once I put on the headphones, I got wayyy nervous. Talk about pressure? Doing a voiceover under the director of the actual Disney Producer? I was sweating bullets! Somehow I stumbled and stammered through it, all the while clutching a stuffed Piglet for dear life. Here’s the video…and DON’T LAUGH!!
By the way, Winnie the Pooh starts tomorrow and I HIGHLY recommend it for those wee members of the family. I thought it was cute and the music kept me humming all day afterwards! Tell me how you liked it!
Disclosure: My trip to Los Angeles was part of a blogger junket sponsored by Walt Disney Films and DreamWorks Studios. They covered my travel, lodging and meals.
Did you miss these from the archives?:
The Best of Blogs Awards are back! Yep, the good f...
Just recently, I attended a blogger press trip to ...
In film making, the director is the central figure...
Coolest. thing. ever.
how cute! you did a wonderful job
Ahhh! Go you. I’m so jealous because I’d love to voice a cartoon character. Can’t wait to take my kids to see the movie.
How neat is that!Welcome to the Senior Community Center
Forest Lake, Minnesota!
Thank you for visiting our Internet site. We want to give you an opportunity to stay in touch with what is happening at our center.
The center is organized exclusively for recreational, educational and charitable purposes for the majority of people 55 and older.
The Forest Lake Senior Community Center is a tax exempt non-profit organization (section 501c of the Internal Revenue Code), governed under the laws of the State of Minnesota.
You may reach us at:
Address:
Forest Lake Senior Community Center
767 Southwest 4th Street
Forest Lake, MN 55025
Telephone:
(651) 464-5833
Sharon@forestlakeseniorcenter.com离根香 li gen xiang
Basionym: Calogyne chinensis Bentham, J. Proc. Linn. Soc., Bot. 5: 78. 1860; Calogyne pilosa R. Brown subsp. chinensis (Bentham) H. S. Kiu.
Herbs, perennial, erect. Stems slender, branched, single or several and caespitose, 5-15 cm tall but sometimes decumbent after anthesis, basally glabrous, apically sparsely hirsute. Basal leaves several; petiole to 1.5 cm; leaf blade long elliptic to linear-oblong, 2-5 × 0.3-0.6 cm, sparsely hirsute only along main vein on abaxial side and on margin, margin sparsely triangular serrate. Basal cauline leaves with a shorter petiole; leaf blade similar to but smaller than basal leaves. Apical cauline leaves sessile; leaf blade similar in shape to but smaller than more basal leaves, often less than 1 cm. Flowers axillary, solitary, each cauline leaf with a flower but sometimes branches short and multiflowered to almost becoming a raceme. Pedicel 2-8 mm, slender, sparsely hirsute. Calyx tube ca. 2 mm, densely hirsute; lobes linear-lanceolate, ca. 4 mm. Corolla purple outside with bright brownish shade and inside yellow with orange spots, ca. 8 mm. Stamens ca. 3 mm; anthers mucronate at apex. Capsule ovoid-globose, ca. 3 mm in diam., with 5 seeds. Seeds ovoid, ca. 4 × 2 mm. Fl. and fr. Nov-Mar.
Paddy fields, grassy areas in forests or on hillsides; below 100 m. Fujian (Jinmen Dao, Xiamen), Guangdong (Huilai, Raoping), Guangxi (Fangcheng, Hepu), Hainan (Ding’an, Qionghai, Sanya) [Vietnam].
The typical subspecies is an annual herb that occurs in tropical Australia, Indonesia, Papua New Guinea, and the Philippines.
Other Databases
W3TROPICOS
IPNI
Other DatabasesHave you checked out EcoMom lately? They have updated their website and have hundreds of new “mom-tested”, eco-friendly products.
Thru Saturday, they are also having a big “flash” sale – just use the coupon code FLASH at checkout to save 40% off select items. You have to be logged in for the code to work, so if you don’t already have an account, take two minutes to do that first.
The cute Skip Hop Zoo Rolling Luggage will be $22.80 after the coupon code. Such a cute Chanukah gift for a little one!
My kids love this Melissa & Doug Beginner Band kit – which is just $15 after the coupon code. (The same set sells for $23 on Amazon, so this is definitely a good price point.)
As always, shipping from EcoMom is free when you spend at least $50.
Let me know if you score any great deals.Pingwinek GNU/Haiku 0.1.0 is probably the first Haiku distribution. Beside the base Haiku system, it contains 40 packages ported from Pingwinek GNU/Linux distribution. It contains compiler (GCC 2.95.3), several simple games, SDL, Midnight Commander, ncurses. I've prepared several screenshots of the distribution working on a real hardware. The distribution can be downloaded in a three ways: QEMU image, VMWare image and LiveCD. The LiveCD boots slowly but the games work much better then running under QEMU or VMWare. The LiveCD contains a read only filesystem which could cause some problems. The distribution doesn't have an installer which could install system on a hard disk. I think that some people will be able to do that without it. The Haiku system is still in an alpha state, so please be forgiving. Every next release should be more stable. Have a lot of fun!
I'm proud to announce the 1.0preview4 of Pingwinek GNU/Linux codename 'Wedding'. This time only XL (LiveDVD) version is available for download. It contains kernel 2.6.18, glibc 2.5, gcc 4.1, GNOME 2.16, firefox/thunderbird 2, latest InitNG and over 1400 packages.
Long awaited Pingwinek GNU/Linux 1.0preview3 codename 'Light' is ready! Many improvements have been made since preview2. A new boot system - InitNG, Xorg 7.0, kernel 2.6.15, udev 0.81, etcnet, Tango icons and new coldplug/hotplug!. Fast boot in the LiveCD, text mode in 0:34 and full login to GNOME since boot in even 1:25! There are two versions: L (LiveCD - recommended) which contains GNOME 2.12, Xfce 4.2 and XL (LiveDVD) which also contains latest Enlightenment 17 and Matchbox desktop environments and many other software.
You can get it from download page. Also a new LiveCD performance comparision is available.
I'm happy to announce that Pingwinek GNU/Linux 1.0preview2 LiveCD is now available for download pgw-1.0preview2-live.i686.iso. There were fixed over 30 bugs, main changes are: new X autoconfiguration and support for Gnome System Tools (easy graphical configuration, e.g. network). For more information see in ChangeLog. You can post bugs at gna.org
I'm pleased to announce the 1.0preview1 of Pingwinek GNU/Linux LiveCD. Pingwinek is a modern independent distrubution. LiveCD contains GNOME 2.10 and XFCE 4.2 and full development libraries and headers (gcc 3.4.x). You can compile programs even using gtk+ on LiveCD! It uses squashfs and unionfs and contains over 2100MB of software! Enjoy! For more information see in ChangeLog. You can download ISO from. Bugs you can be posted at gna.org
Development snapshot (20040718) of LiveCD edition is available! Enjoy!
Download!
Pingwinek 1.0rc2 - After two months of hard working version 1.0rc2 is out! Many things were changed. You can see details in ChangeLog. The main changes are: full separation of LiveCD from other distribution CDs, newest GNOME 2.6.0, switching from XFree86 to X.Org with XLIBS, OpenOffice 1.1.1, kernel 2.6.5.Entrepreneurship and technology transfer focus of ICC4 and 3rd Ceramic Leadership Summit trackPublished on February 23rd, 2012 | By: Eileen De Guire
their ways into the marketplace.
Like anyone else needing to navigate unfamiliar territory, it helps to get directions. And that, is what the Ceramic Leadership Summit is all about—navigating the business side of our world alongside those who know the terrain.
Mark Mecklenborg has been involved in all aspects of CLS since the beginning in his role as ACerS director of meetings. I asked him to tell us more about the 3rd CLS taking place this July 17 in Chicago. Abstracts and program details are at the end of his report.
Mark’s report:
The 4th International Congress on Ceramics focuses on Shaping the Future of Ceramics. As part of the Congress, ACerS is running its 3rd Ceramics Leadership Summit as a one-day track focusing on technology transfer and entrepreneurship. The 3rd Ceramic Leadership Summit track is sponsored by Morgan Crucible.
Summits are designed to foster interaction and innovation. This diagram was drawn by a participant at the 2nd CLS in 2011 while networking with colleagues.
ACerS first launched the Ceramic Leadership Summit in 2010 to explore business opportunities, emerging technologies and critical issues that challenge the ceramic and glass materials community. Since then, the Summits have been all about business and technology leadership and connecting leaders within the community.
Including the 3rd CLS within the Congress allows it to expand to address a global audience. The first two Ceramic Leadership Summits provided rich opportunities to explore business and technology topics with leaders from mostly within the United States. However, by including this track within the larger International Congress on Ceramics, we are able to provide participants with even greater prospects to network with business leaders from around the world and focus on more global issues.
The 3rd Ceramic Leadership Summit Track includes an ICC4-wide plenary lecture from Delbert Day, “From Academia to Business.” Day will describe how research at the Missouri University of Science and Technology to develop glass microspheres for treating patients with inoperable liver cancer was ‘spun off’ and ultimately led to the formation of a start-up company that currently manufactures a range of specialized glass products for the health care, electronics, transportation and aerospace industry. Day has “walked the walk” as the university’s Curators’ Professor Emeritus of Materials Science and Engineering and senior investigator of the Graduate Center for Materials Research. He is founder of the of Mo-Sci Corporation and served for many years as its chairman and president.
Following Day’s plenary lecture, the Ceramic Leadership Summit track will feature a panel discussion— Technology Entrepreneurship – the Next Generation of Technology Transfer — organized by Richard Weber, Materials Development Inc., and moderated by Tim Lavengood, Evanston Technology Innovation Center. The panel will explore the development of commercial products through “directed R&D,” with a focus on U.S.-based small business ventures.
In the afternoon, the track includes five case studies describing technology transfer and how entrepreneurial companies have been formed or are currently being formed. The case studies come from a around the world, including Slovenia, China, Spain, Japan and the U.S.
Here are the program details on the 3rd Ceramic Leadership Summit Track.
3rd Ceramic Leadership Summit Track
Sponsored by Morgan Crucible
Tuesday July 17, 2012
8:45 am – 9:40 am
ICC4 Plenary Lecture
From Academia to Business
Delbert Day, Mo-Sci Corp. and Missouri University of Science and Technology
“There is increasing recognition that the research being conducted in our nation’s universities can lead to discoveries and inventions which can be of significant economic value when they are commercialized. This presentation describes how research the university to develop glass microspheres for treating patients with inoperable liver cancer was ‘spun off’ and ultimately led to the formation of a start-up company, which currently manufactures many specialized glass products for the health care, electronics, transportation and aerospace industry. He will describe the important roles of the federal, state, and local governments, the university and others in this successful technology transfer effort. Day will also discuss some of the challenges an entrepreneur can expect to encounter in starting a new business.
10:00 am – 12:00 pm
Panel discussion
Technology Entrepreneurship — the Next Generation of Technology Transfer
Many people perceive the United States as the leader in entrepreneurship and technology transfer from basic research to a commercial setting. This moderated panel discussion will explore the development of commercial products through directed R&D with a focus on U.S..
Session Chair: Richard Weber, Materials Development Inc.
Moderator: Tim Lavengood, Evanston Technology Innovation Center
Panel members
Delbert Day (see above)
Collin Anderson, Digital Innovations (a successful technology business)
Alex Arzoumanidis, Psylotech Inc. (an early-stage technology business)
Jonathan Goodman, Synthesis Intellectual Property LLC (attorney who specializes in intellectual property matters)
Leslie Millar, University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign (head of the school’s Office of Technology Management
12:00 pm – 1:30 pm
Lunch and ICC4 Plenary Speaker (TBD)
1:40 pm – 3:40 pm
International Technology Transfer & Entrepreneurship Case Studies:
1. Entrepreneurial Success of Balder Ltd.: Electro-optic Light Shutters for Eye Protection
Janez Pirs, Jozef Stefan Institute, Slovenia
Balder Ltd. is a small, medium high-tech, privately owned, spin-off company of Jozef Stefan Institute, Slovenia. Balder was funded in late 1990s in order to commercialize the IP of the institute in the field of Liquid Crystals, in particular to produce and market automatic LCD light filters for eye protection in welding and various medical applications. As the institute’s spin-off company, Balder actively participated in a number of the institute’s applied research projects financed by several international research programs (e.g., EU and NATO SfP). The research results of these projects provided Balder the key novel knowledge in the field of LCD light shutters, which are summarized in six patents (EU and U.S.). Since 2000, Balder’s world market share was constantly growing (≥15%). However, there were hurdles along the way to the top of the niche world market (for example, a lawsuit alleging IP infringement plus the global economic crisis) that severely hurt Balder’s sales in 2009-2010. Thanks to the new-generation products launched on the market during the crisis, Balder managed to fully recover.
2. Development and Commercialization of High Performance Ceramics for Oil and Natural Gas Recovery
John Hellmann, Pennsylvania State University, U.S.
Developments in horizontal drilling technology offer unprecedented access to domestic oil and natural gas deposits, thereby placing the U.S., a material that lab demonstration to large-scale processing and commercialization of these proppants is discussed.
3. From Technology Innovation to Industrialization: A Case of Ceramic Microbeads Based on Gel-bead Forming
Jinlong Yang, Tsinghua University, China
Researchers at the university invented a new method to prepare microbeads of ceramics was invented: gel-bead forming. They successfully developed three new products based on this work, including grinding media, pen-microbeads and far-infrared beads. Yang will discuss many of the experiences and practices about technology transfer they encountered. Usually, a big company is interested in reliable technology, not lab technology (especially for new processing). The process from lab technology to middle-scale production line is very important for technology transfer of ceramic microbeads. But a technology innovation is often not enough for a startup company. It also needs an innovative and competitive product and a good business model. Sometimes, a good business model is more important than technology in itself. In addition, the scientist’s investment at the beginning of industrialization from lab to market is a key step to increase the confidence of investor. A new product with low associated costs and good performance is a more attractive force than new processing alone.
4. Thermoelectric Power Generation in Wide Temperature Region
Ryoji Funahashi, National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science & Technology, Japan
Oxide thermoelectric materials are considered to be promising ones because of their durability against high temperature, cost, no content of toxic elements, and so on. Many types of modules using p-type Ca3Co4O9 and n-type CaMnO3 have been produced. They show good generation power density higher than 4 kilowatts per cubic meter. To enhance power generation and conversion efficiency, scientists and engineers produced cascaded modules consisting of oxide and Bi2Te3 modules. For example, they have produced thermoelectric heat-recovery systems, which are composed of a heat-collection block, cascaded modules and a water jacket for cooling. Such a system includes 16 pieces of oxide/Bi2Te3 cascaded modules. The dimension of the system is about 300 mm cube. Power generation has been measured using a kerosene burner. When the temperature of input gas was 1123 K, maximum power from one thermoelectric heat recovery system reached 120 W.
5. Case Study on Neoker
Carmen Cerecedo, general manager and CEO, Neoker S.L., Spain
Neoker manufactures the NKR single-crystal alumina fibers for reinforcement of high performance composites.
3:45 pm to 6:00 pm
Exhibit and Interactive Technology Forum
Back to Previous PageDo you compile course readers or course packs for your classes? Think this is clearly fair use where copyright is concerned? Well, take a look at this development, taken from Peter Suber’s open access blog:
Are digital course packs fair use?
via Open Access News by Peter Suber on 4/16/08
Katie Hafner, Publishers Sue Georgia State on Digital Reading Matter, New York Times, April 16, 2008. Excerpt: — Cambridge University Press, Oxford University Press and Sage Publications — sued four university officials, asserting “systematic, widespread and unauthorized copying and distribution of a vast amount of copyrighted works” by Georgia State, which the university distributes through its Web site.
The lawsuit…may be the first of its kind….….
R. Bruce Rich, a partner in the law firm of Weil, Gotshal & Manges, which is representing the plaintiffs, said that…Georgia State officials “indicated their view that all of their practices are covered under the fair use doctrine.” …
Legal precedents exist for cases involving course packs from photocopied material, but experts say the lawsuit against Georgia State is the first to be filed over electronic course packs….
“Publishers have created a market for course materials that is very similar to the market for luxury goods,” said [Susan Crawford, visiting professor at Yale Law School]. “There is only one version available, and at a very high price.” …
.”
Comment. This is not about OA, so I won’t be covering the case in detail. It’s about TA and the fair use of TA literature. But there are several reasons why I wanted to cover the first appearance of what will clearly be an important case. (1) I want to set myself up to blog future twists and turns, or commentary, with strong OA connections. (2) The case may show how far photocopying precedents will be applied to digitization cases. (3) The case could change or clarify fair use for non-commercial educational purposes. Any such change or clarification would affect fair use for TA literature, but also fair use for free online literature that had removed price barriers but not permission barriers. (4) It may show the weight of the first fair-use factor (“the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes“) relative to the fourth (“the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work”), or in short, the relative weight of university interests and publisher interests.8 ICE Cream Cups with Clear Dome Lids and Kraft sticker Label Party, Desserts, Cupcake Cup, Vintage, Retro
Product Info
**Spoons Not Included with this listing*
You Receive...
******8 Ice Cream Cups AND
* LABELS KraFt Sticker/ Label with Stamped Word (In Stock)..... AND
...8 clear dome LIDS!!!
**wooden spoons NOT included with this listing...
...............see Lola's other listings for Stamped wood ice cream spoons***
each cup measures around .2 1/2 inches wide by 2inches tall
*********Set includes 8 each:****************
* 8~~4 ounce Paper Ice Cream Cup
* 8~~ DoMe CLEAR LIdS
AND.....
* 8~~LABELS..KraFt StiCkEr LaBeL with CUSTOM StAmPed WoRd..
Enjoy !
Giggle
Happy
Party
Happy Birthday
Yum!
and more..... message for a theme you may have in mind !!!! :):):)
As seen in listing ... you will find the Spoon & Fork SETS in Lola's Shop Also!!!!
Getting Family & Friends Together is FUN !!! Don't Stress..."You Got This...!"
Enjoy Your Beautiful Celebration with
FaNcY Garnishes for Simply FaBuLoUs Parties :)Kalyanasundaram, M and Ramamoorthi, K (1988) Experimental rearing of larvae of the wedge clam, Donax cuneatus Linnaeus in the laboratory. CMFRI Bulletin, 42 (2). pp. 351-353.
The wedge clams Donax Cuneatus Linnaeus are found in great abundance along the surf
beaten sandy beach of Parangipettai- Fertilized eggs of D. Cuneatus developed into straight-hinge
stage larvae with a shell length,of 110 p. The larval shell developed umbo at about 140 P. The
description of the larval stages is presented in this paper.
Repository Staff Only: item control page
Eprints@CMFRI is hosted by Library and ARIS Cell of Central Marine Fisheries Research Institute , KochiLook Inside | Enlarge Cover
Enlarge Cover
Ember | Apr 10, 2012
| 208 Pages
| 5-1/2 x 8-1/4
| Young Adult
| ISBN 9780385738965
Ember
| Apr 10, 2012
| 208 Pages
| 5-1/2 x 8-1/4
| Young Adult
| ISBN 9780385738965
Delacorte Books for Young Readers
| Sep 14, 2010
| 208 Pages
| Young Adult
| ISBN 9780375896699.
Adeline Yen Mah is a physician and writer. She divides her time between London, Hong Kong, and her home in Huntington Beach, California.
Visit other sites on the Penguin Random House NetworkOGC Newsletter - April/May 2007
CONTENTS
DEPARTMENTS:
New Members, OGC In The News, Events, Contact, Subscribe/Unsubscribe
Back issues of OGC News are available.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
OGC in Biodiversity Science & Education
Mark Reichardt, President, OGC.
A few months ago, I summarized the importance OGC places on alliance partnerships to help advance standards across the "standards stack". Biodiversity is no exception..
Global Earth Observation System of Systems (GEOSS) is another initiative in which the OGC plays a key standards role.
The initiatives are connected. Biodiversity Information Standards has an additional GEOSS connection through its joint initiatives with CODATA, part of the International Council for Science (ICSU). CODATA, in collaboration with the GEO, is playing a lead role in a GEOSS Task to further the practical application of the agreed GEOSS data sharing principles.
To non-scientists, the generality of the categories of data mentioned above -- oceans, land cover, atmosphere, soils, aquifers, and living species - might conceal the enormity of the task at hand. It is important to realize that the complexity of biological information may be orders of magnitude more than physical properties such as CO2, soil classification or an index of ‘greenness' (NDVI). Discussion about the name of a species alone is guaranteed to start an international debate. Linking observations about a species is therefore far from trivial. The exchange of information about species then raises significant biological and technical issues. Scientists numbering in the millions collect data that is often very specialized, though some parts of their data schemas would almost certainly be useful to other scientists. Also, some of their instruments collect enormous amounts of data. In addition to the complexity and volume of data, just as in the larger world, the data systems used by scientists have only begun to make the transition from "stovepipes" to open systems.
The task is daunting but the early indications are exciting. It doesn't take long to find on the Web wonderful examples of biologists employing OGC standards:
-- The geo-informatics blog at the University of the Western Cape in South Africa provides detailed instructions on how to implement the OpenGIS Web Map Server (WMS) Specification, as well as examples.
-- The Biodiversity & Environmental Resource Data System (BERDS) provides a WMS map service to provide developers of on-line WMS compliant mapping tools access to the BERDS map layers.
-- The Inter-American Biodiversity Information Network (IABIN) was created in 1996 as an initiative of the Santa Cruz Summit of the Americas meeting of Heads of State. Government agencies, NGOs, universities, museums, and the private sector all belong to and play important roles in IABIN. IABIN's "Nippon Report" recommends adoption of OGC standards.
A recent interoperability test workshop combined OGC and Biodiversity Information Standards to test their suitability to perform Internet-based species distribution modeling and identify associated bottlenecks. The outcome of the workshop was a web application that uses WMS/WCS/WFS together with biodiversity informatics specific schemas and protocols as a proof of concept. A presentation on this workshop is planned for an upcoming OGC meeting.
The task undertaken by the GIG and the OGC goes beyond enabling easy discovery, access and use of data through standards. Everything depends on implementation. Just as in non-scientific domains, information sharing is made far easier by open systems and open standards, but openness faces institutional obstacles. The implementation examples above show that progress has begun. But tradition in scientific institutions often discourages publishing raw data. Legacy approaches to investigation are usually reductionist, not holistic. Interdisciplinary and environmental studies demand new policies and practices. In many cases, the technical pioneers will need support from leaders in their scientific disciplines and from funding organizations with environmental mandates.
The OGC Interoperability Institute (OGCII), a separate but complementary organization to the OGC, is championing this cause. OGCII is working to support and raise the profile of standards based academic and research efforts to converge geodesy, semantics, high performance computing and modeling and simulation to address important societal issues. This unique undertaking is highly likely to succeed because of the convergence of the environmental crisis, continuing advances in information technology, and the desperate need for holistic, ecological, interdisciplinary thinking. We invite your ideas.
CTO'S REPORT ON THE APRIL TC AND PC MEETINGS IN OTTAWA
Carl Reed, Chief Technology Officer, OGC
During the week of April 16th, the 60th OGC Technical Committee meetings were hosted in Ottawa, Canada. Sponsored by GeoConnections and ESRI Canada, the meetings were very active with dozens of presentations and document motions. Many of the documents originated from the work in the OGC Web Services 4 Test Bed activity.
1) Pending various votes, edits, and reviews, seven new OpenGIS Implementation Specifications will become publicly available within the next 6 months:
- Catalogue Service ISO 19115/19119 AP (AP ISO) (07-045)
- GeoXACML (07-026)
- Geography Markup Language (GML) 3.2.1 (07-036)
- Image Geopositioning Metadata (IGM) GML 3.2 Application Schema (07-031)
- Image Geopositioning Service (IGS) (07-030)
- SensorML Version 1.0 (07-000)
- Web Processing Service (WPS) Specification 1.0.0 (05-007r6)
2) Twenty OGC Discussion Papers will be released to the public, pending, in most cases, minor editorial changes. These include:
- Cataloguing of ISO metadata Using the ebRIM Profile of CS-W (07-038)
- Catalogue Services - Web - ebRIM Modeling Guidelines (06-155)
- CUAHSI WaterML (07-041)
- Engineering Viewpoint Supporting Architecture (06-184r1)
- Feature Styling Interoperability Program Report (IPR) (06-140)
- Frame Image Geopositioning Metadata GML 3.2 Application Schema (07-032) (07-032 needs to be harmonized with ISO 19130 before it will be ready for OGC standardization.)
- GEOINT Structure Implementation Profile Schema Processing (07-028)
- GML Implementation of Some Simple Solids, Planes and Lines (07-001r2)
- Local MSD Implementation Profile for GML 3.2.1 (07-027)
- OGC Web Services Architecture for CAD GIS BIM (07-023)
- ORCHESTRA Reference Architecture (07-024)
- OWS-4 GeoDSS Mass Market IPR (07-004)
- OWS-4 IPR for Web Coverage Service (WCS) Support for JPEG 2000 (06-128)
- OWS-4 IPR for WCS-T (OGC 06-098)
- OWS-4 Topology Quality Assessment IPR (07-007)
- OWS-4 WFS/Oracle Temporal Investigation (06-154r1)
- OWS-4 Workflow IPR (06-187)
- OWS-4 WPS IPR (06-182r1)
- Sensor Planning Service Application Profile for EO Sensors (07-018)
- Trusted Geo Services IPR (06-107)
Once a preamble has been written and agreed to, the KML Reference Guide 2.1 (07-039) will be released as an OGC Best Practices Paper in May. The preamble contains a KML market positioning statement and relationship to existing OGC standards. It was agreed that the MM-Geo WG has ownership of the KML roadmap and process but that work items, such as GML harmonization, will go out to appropriate WGs. The next step is to develop the Roadmap to KML 3.0.
GML Encoding of Discrete Coverages - Interleaved Pattern (06-188r1) will also be released as an OGC Best Practices Paper.
3) New revision working groups have been formed in the TC for Context, Observations & Measurements (O&M), OWS Common, and Web Coverage Service (WCS).
To make OGC technology more accessible and widely implemented, the PC recommends promotion of OGC User Group meetings. These can be organized and implemented at any time by an OGC member, and they would open to both members and non-members. Members organizing such meetings will coordinate with OGC staff. OGC Staff will develop guidelines and OGC Network capability to allow members to brand and support these meetings.
Finally, an important result of the OGC's ongoing collaboration with other standards efforts was announced: SIP, an important text-based protocol for initiating interactive sessions involving voice, video, chat, games, and virtual reality, now has a "mandatory to implement" format for location: the GML PIDF-LO Shape Application Schema, which is an OGC Best Practice!
NEWS AND OPINION FROM THE BLOGOSPHERE
Below are some March and April 2007 discussions of OGC specifications in the blogosphere:
-------------------------------------------------------
SpatialNews.com reported on March 1, 2007 that OGC member Cadcorp received an official visit from His Royal Highness, The Duke of York on 22 February. Following a software demonstration, "Martin Daly, Cadcorp technical director, described to The Duke of York how innovation in software development is key to the company's export activities including support for international standards and a translatable user interface, and active participation in organizations such as the Open Geospatial Consortium, Inc. (OGC)."
-------------------------------------------------------
GeoBliki's blog on March 1: How can a data node make its web services discoverable to an inquiry from an aggregator (like an OGC Catalog)?
One idea might be to use OPML...
-------------------------------------------------------
All Points Blog provides in a March 2, 2007 entry a lengthy quote from the OGC's CTO, Carl Reed. Carl replies to Mike Liebhold, who asked on the GeoRSS mailing list about "the scope and implications of Google's efforts re: OGC adoption of KML". Carl's reply ought to be required reading for anyone interested in this subject. Carl references OGC Director of Interoperability Programs Raj Singh's February 23 blog entry, "OGC is standardizing Google's KML".
-------------------------------------------------------
Geoff Zeiss, in his March 2007 "Between the Poles" blog entry, provides an interesting report on Map Middle East 2007 in Dubai. Much of what he says concerns the convergence of AEC (architecture, engineering, construction) and geospatial. He notes that the General Services Administration (GSA) in the US has chosen IFC as their building information model (BIM) standard, and, "Apparently Norway and China will also base building information models for their building projects on the IFC standard. IFC 2x3g is one of the first outcomes of the memorandum of understanding (MoU) signed between the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC) and the International Alliance for Interoperability (IAI)."
Geoff's March 18 entry is about "GITA 2007: A Short History of GIS Moving to the Mainstream". On the subject of mainstreaming, it would be interesting to interleave OGC milestones into Peter Batty's chronology of commercial milestones, quoted in Geoff's blog entry.
-------------------------------------------------------
Satri's post in Slashgeo on March 7 provides a useful comparison of two OGC-compliant open source map servers, MapServer and MapGuide Open Source.
And in a March 30 Slashgeo entry, Satri notes, "Our last poll about the potential standardization of Google's KML by the OGC provided interesting results: out of about 120 votes, 54% of users believe the OGC should in fact hold the standard for Google's KML. 6% believe it should be standardized but not by the OGC, while 26% believe Google should keep control over KML. 11% answered maybe or that it does not matter."
-------------------------------------------------------
Alan Doyle has posted two comments critical of OGC policies in his blog: "OGC needs to learn about Creative Commons," March 15, 2007 and "Can standards be developed in secrecy in 2007?" April 19. 2007.
-------------------------------------------------------
Chad at The Earth is Square blog offers a few comments on the standards strategies of NGA, NASA and government agencies in general, with references to Google and the OGC.
-------------------------------------------------------
In Paul Ramsey's April 17, 2007 blog entry says he found the recent TC meetings boring. We're sorry he found them boring. The conversations he captured, mainly about KML in OGC, aren't boring. in that post: )."
-------------------------------------------------------
And here's immediate evidence that ideas flow freely when it's known that there's a reliable open process, a place for ideas to be considered on their merits! Stefan at OGLE EARTH blog, April 17, 2007, also quotes Paul Ramsey's post and adds constructive comments about what might be added to KML now that it's development resides in a consensus process: "KML 3.0: Here within the year. What would you like in it?"
-------------------------------------------------------
Raj Singh, the OGC's Director of Interoperability Programs, has been busy in his blog:
February 27: Raj praises Congressman Ed Markey (the new chair of the House Subcommittee on Telecommunications) for supporting net neutrality, and calls for this principle in the wireless industry: "We have seen barely a trickle of mobile location services in the last decade for no other reason than there is no concept of net neutrality in mobile data networks. ...This is clearly stifling innovation in the mapping industry."
April 7: Raj notes the importance of the near-simultaneous introductions of Web-based digitizing in Microsoft Virtual Earth and Google Earth's MyMaps.
April 20: Raj celebrates an Urban Planning GeoRSS application that generates a feed of new construction building permits.
April 21: Raj summarizes an important discussion at the OGC meetings and argues for keeping WFS Simple separate from WFS.
-------------------------------------------------------
Tracey Lauriault on her blog Serendipityoucity noted that she gave a talk at the OGC Preservation Working Group meeting. Her April 17, 2007 blog entry included the following:
"The discussions in the hallway between meetings are actually my favorite part of these meetings, not because I am lazy and do not like lectures, but because that is the time I get to have really interesting chats with people and at times it is where I learn the most. ... I was discussing the demographics of the meeting, the fact that OGC is really important in terms of precedent setting both in the open source geomatics world but also in terms of interoperability in general and the mapping hacks, mashup and other open source mapping communities are not part of their conversations. During this conversation it was thought that this bridging should happen particularly since KML is considered to be a disruptive technology in the field of geomatics that has a really quick uptake at it was easy to use while GML is a much more complex technology yet very significant. While talking on that topic the gentleman commented that:
Web 1.0 was write
Web 2.0 is re-write
Web 3.0 will be re-write and execute
and this is where he thinks the conversations will merge!"
WEBSITE OF THE MONTH
Many scientific communities are working to develop systems that take full advantage of the Internet and Web to enable easy discovery, access and use of geospatial data. The geoscience community, in particular, recognizes a great need for such systems. The GeoWS group () formed in August 2006, bringing three data centers together in a cooperative development effort to make their data sets available a standards-based mapping environment for use by educators, scientists, and students. The three data centers are:
- IRIS - a provider of global digital seismic data
- UNAVCO - a provider of geodetic, seismic, and tectonic data
- MGDS - a provider of marine geoscience data
Their standards-based approach enables them to expand the range of services they offer. As they begin to expose their data and services, the next challenge to address is data interoperability: the representation of cross-disciplinary data within a single application drawn from multiple sources.
Figure: GeoMapApp GIS client displaying results from PetDB WFS provider. User selected Juan de Fuca mid-ocean ridge study site, plotted/colored distribution of K2O versus SiO2. ()
The GeoWS.org website contains links to both clients and servers under active development at each data center, as well as discussions and presentations to guide others who are doing similar
OGC welcomes new members who joined us recently.
Maporama International (Associate) (France)
Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) (Research Institute / Not For Profit Institute) (India)
Sierra Systems Group Inc. (Associate) (Canada)
SRA International, Inc. (Technical) (United States)
Coastal & Marine Resources Centre (University) (Ireland)
National Institute of Advanced Industrial Science & Technology (AIST) (Research Institute / Not For Profit Institute) (Japan)
Rolta India, Ltd. (Principal) (India)
Mileridge Ltd. (Small Company) (United Kingdom)
Australian Ocean Data Centre Joint Facility (AODCJF) (Research Institute / Not For Profit Institute) (Australia)
Robert Frances Group (Associate) (United States)
National Archives & Records Administration (NARA) (Associate) (United States)
Cronos NV (Technical) (Belgium)
Province of Newfoundland & Labrador (Government - Subnational) (Canada)
OGC IN THE NEWS
- OGC in the Press
"David Schell - A new worldview," GCN Interview, Patrick Marshall, GCN Staff, GCN, April 16, 2007.
"The OGC and the World Wide Web Consortium Step Up Collaboration", Susan Smith, GIS Weekly in GISCafe.com, March 12 - 16, 2007
"An Open GeoSpatial Standards-Enabled Google Earth Application to Support Crisis Management", Scott Pezanowski, Brian Tomaszewski, Alan M. MacEachren,
The GeoVISTA Center, The Pennsylvania State University, March 2007
"Open Geospatial Consortium CAD/GIS/BIM Interoperability Testbed 4 Integrating AEC Workflows with Open Geospatial Web Services", Paul Cote, Harvard Graduate School of Design, "IAI-NA News/IAI online," March 14, 2007.
"Oracle Spatial 11g's Enhancements", Joe Francica, Location Intelligence, March 15, 2007
"OGC Joins W3C to help add Geospatial to the Web", WALIS eNews, February 2007.
"Intelligence Fusion Through TML", Don Jenkins, formerly VP, Government Systems, IRIS Corp, now conducting business development for Argon ST, USA, GIM International, January 4, 2007
- OGC Press Releases
OGC® Requests Quotations for CGDI Interoperability Pilot
April 18, 2007
OGC® Calls for Participation in Architecture Implementation Pilot
April 18, 2007
Robert Frances Group Joins OGC® to Advance Location Into Business
April 12, 2007
Rolta Takes Principal Membership in the OGC®
April 11, 2007
The OGC® Approves Geospatial Digital Rights Reference Model
April 10, 2007
Bentley Systems, Incorporated Takes Principal Membership in the OGC®
March 13, 2007
EVENTS
May 8-11, 2007, Aalborg University, Denmark,
10th AGILE Conference on Geographic Information Science
May 30-31, 2007, London, UK,
Military Geospatial Intelligence
June 26-29, 2007, Brussels, Belgium,
Homeland Security Europe 2007
July 9-12, 2007, Paris, France,
July 2007 OGC Technical Committee Meetings
July 13, 2007, Paris, France,
July 2007 OGC Planning Committee Meeting
July 11, 2007, Paris, France,
July 2007 OGC Interoperability Day
July 23-27, 2007, Vancouver, British Columbia,
GeoWeb 2007
September 17-20, 2007, Boulder, Colorado,
September 2007 OGC Technical Committee Meetings
September 21, 2007, Boulder, Colorado,
September 2007 OGC Planning Committee Meeting
September 21-22, 2007, Boulder, Colorado,
GEOSS Workshop: The User and the GEOSS Architecture XVI “Local Decisions for Global Climate Change”
September 24-27, 2007, Victoria, Canada,
2007 Free and Open Source Software for Geospatial (FOSS4G) Conference
For further info on events please contact gbuehler [at] opengeospatial [dot] org (Greg Buehler).
Please send comments and suggestions to:
lmckee [at] opengeospatial [dot] org (Lance McKee)Posts from ‘A Word from our Pastor’ Category
A Word From the Pastor
Posted: May 21st, 2015
Transitions They are inevitable – transitions, I mean. If you live long enough, you will experience many types of transitions. Our church is in the midst of transitions. We shouldn’t be surprised. We have been in Arlington since 1871! Can… Read More→
A Word from the Pastor
Posted: May 14th, 2015
I Love You Some families have a difficult time with those words. As one husband told me, “I told my wife that I loved her on our wedding day. And I told her I would let her know if anything… Read More→
A Word from the Pastor
Posted: May 7th, 2015
Mothers “Mommy, I need you!” “Mom, do I have any clean clothes for tonight?” “Mother, what am I going to do? I think I love this girl! How did you know Dad was the right guy for you?” “Mom, what… Read More→
A Word from the Pastor
Posted: April 30th, 2015
The Good Shepherd This past Sunday was a particularly moving day in our Worship Services here at First Baptist. I chose to preach from Psalm 23. Interestingly enough, April 26 was Good Shepherd Sunday on the Roman Catholic liturgical calendar.… Read More→Compare this Clone Trooper figure.- Ray Davies at the Boston Arms pub on Sunday in London.
- Bruce Orwall.News Feature | October 15, 2013
OfficeMax Services Center Provides Support For Business Owners
By Anna Rose Welch, associate editor
OfficeMax Services Centers work to save small business owners up to 4 billion hours of administrative work
On October 8th, OfficeMax announced the launch of its new Services Center. Each Services Center, located throughout stores nationwide, will work to provide small to midsize business owners with all the administrative and business support they need to continue growing, including web design and maintenance, tech support, printing and document management, marketing materials, and credit card and payroll processing. OfficeMax has compiled a portfolio of national service providers, including North American Bancard, ADP, PAYCHEX, GoDaddy, and Carbonite Online Backup, to ensure the new Services Center provides valuable service to all clients.
According to.” OfficeMax wants to be the partner that gets these business owners back to business.
In fact, according to statistics from the OfficeMax Small Business Efficiency Index cited in the original press release, the nation’s 23 million small business owners lose more than 4 billion hours each year managing business and administrative tasks. For 41 percent of business owners surveyed, these tasks divert energy and passion away from building a business. Other findings from the survey reveal that a large number of small business owners have concerns about the quality of current backroom support service vendors. More than half of the owners surveyed (54 percent) feel that their current service vendors do not understand their business and specific needs, while 44 percent are concerned about some of their vendors’ availability and reliability. The survey also emphasized businesses’ concerns about remaining up to date with technology. Roughly 40 percent of small business owners question the ability of their current vendors to stay on top of technology trends.
In order to address some of the issues facing business owners today, Michael Lewis, OfficeMax executive vice president and president of retail, states that the new Services Center will, “connect [customers] with the best solutions and services packages to streamline their support functions and, in turn, free up time to focus on business growth.”
This new Services Center could also help increase profits for OfficeMax. Lower sales and costs related to a proposed $1.2 billion merger with Office Depot recently resulted in lower Q2 results. While the company faces closing 25-30 stores (up from the proposed 15-20) because of increasing online sales and customer cutbacks on office supplies, an August Businessweek article cites CEO Ravi Saligram, who assures that OfficeMax, “remains committed to restoring sales growth by evolving our business model to focus more on services (and) innovating new products and categories.”
Click here to see how Officemax's Christina Garcia's approaches mobility in retail.50 明けましておめでとうございます 46 happynewyear 43 bonneannée 41 glücklichesneuesjahr buonanno 40 felizañonuevo 23 martiancatinjapan© ©martiancatinjapan ハッピーニューイヤー omedettogozaimasu martiancatinjapan ©allrightsreserved allrightsreserved allrightsreserved© ☺allrightsreserved 19 newyear felizanonovo 18 сновымгодом 17 newyears 16 neujahr gelukkignieuwjaar nytår capodanno añonuevo anonovo 15 senenganyartaun christmas 新年好 14 nowyrok nouvelleannée szczęśliwegonowegoroku nyår nieuwjaar bonannovjaron 新年 12 해 새 많이 받으세요 복 nyttårs 9 thesuperbmasterpiece 8 joyeuxnoël merrychristmas kurisumasuomedeto feliznavidad メリークリスマス 2015 buonnatale fröhlichiwiehnacht 7 navidad karácsony macro natal рождество joulu коледа natale jul noel 6 kristnasko クリスマス xριστούγεννα krismasi 圣诞节 nadal kersfees chrëschtdag 聖誕節 xmas jerryschristmas 新年快乐 gwiazdka рождествохристово weihnachten jól kerstmis sarcalogos jerryspringberg nadolig 5 motivational japan motivationalposter 4 candlelight family gottnyttår karuizawa ©sockmonkeysinjapan stolenimage sockmonkeysinjapan© forrecords 3 decoration godtnytår честитановагодина hamamatsu 100 decorationdenoel greetingcard annoufericit onnellistauuttavuotta
Pairs:
3 allrightsreserved©,candlelight newyears,☺allrightsreserved candlelight,onblack candlelight,☺allrightsreserved newyears,©allrightsreserved allrightsreserved,newyears martiancatinjapan,newyears buonanno,macro macro,ハッピーニューイヤー candlelight,glücklichesneuesjahr macro,martiancatinjapan
Users:
martian cat 23 jerry_springberg 14 cod_gabriel Truus, Bob & Jan too! Cortez77_fr same nickname on Ipernity sizima Sue Ann Simon hjus StefanOlaison l plater Biblioteca "Arturo Frinzi" trash-star Luciano Joaqu)!International News
VIDEO: Children make WW2 documentary
Schoolchildren across the UK are getting an opportunity to make their own documentary films about World War Two to mark the 70th anniversary of VE Day.
Teenage pregnancies hit record low
The number of teenage pregnancies in England and Wales has continued to drop, data shows.
Broadchurch to return, ITV confirms
David Tennant and Olivia Colman will return for a third series of hit ITV drama Broadchurch, ITV confirms.
VIDEO: Teenager hails new bionic hand
A teenage girl has spoken of the change in her life after being given a bionic hand - the technology for which is being developed by scientists on Tyneside.
Greens launch election campaign
Green leader Natalie Bennett calls for a "citizen's income" as she launches her party's key themes for the general election campaign.
VIDEO: Peanut allergies 'preventable' in babies
A new study shows that eating peanut products early in life can prevent young children from becoming allergic to them, the BBC's Jane Dreaper reports.
Imitation Game leads Empire Awards
The critics have had their say, now it’s time for film fans to choose their favourite movies of the past 12 months.
Stone carved head stolen from abbey
Police investigate the theft of a unique stone carved head from a church near Melrose in the Scottish Borders.
Paris targeted in night drone mystery
Drones are seen flying over several sensitive landmarks in Paris in a night-time mystery that French police say is being taken seriously.
Few lobbyists expected on register
The woman in charge of the government's new register of lobbyists says she expects "quite a low level" of applicants when it opens in March.
2022 World Cup 'to begin in November'
A Fifa taskforce recommends that the 2022 World Cup in Qatar should be shortened and take place in November and December.
Sony World Photography Awards: 2015 shortlist
Finalists in this year's Sony World Photo Awards
Weighing Anchor: An artist at sea
An artists view of the Royal Navy
Indonesia defiant on executions
President Joko Widodo says foreign nations should not interfere in Indonesia's right to use the death penalty, amid plans for more executions.
VIDEO: Liberia's Ebola human waste dilemma
New Ebola infections have fallen in Liberia, but it still has the problem of what to do with huge quantities of potentially infectious human waste.
Uproar over Mother Teresa slur
There is outrage in India over a Hindu leader's comment that Mother Teresa's charity work had one objective - to convert the poor to Christianity.
Teens arrested after 'street fights'
Street fights involving large groups of youths in Belfast city centre on consecutive nights lead to arrests.
Greece delivers reform proposals
Greece submits a list of reform proposals to its European and IMF creditors in the hope of securing further lending, the European Commission says.
Comparison order for payday lenders
Payday lenders must make their product details available on at least one price comparison website, the competition watchdog says.
Cardiff board to boycott Wigan match
The Cardiff City board is to boycott Tuesday's Championship game at Wigan as a protest against the DW Stadium club.Kukla's Korner Hockey
Category: Calgary-Flames
OHL Player Renaud Passes Away
by Alanah McGinley on 02/18/08 at 06:12 PM ET
From the Windsor Spitfires,
The Windsor Spitfire Physican Dr. Roy Diklich.
“This is the biggest tragedy in Spitfire history. Words alone cannot describe our pain at this time,” said Windsor Spitfires Vice-President and General Manager Warren Rychel.
*Renaud was a 5th round draft pick for the Calgary Flames in 2007
added 4:25pm, The Calgary Flames have issued the following statement,
It is with sadness and deep regret that we share the news of the passing of Flames prospect and Windsor Spitfires team captain, Mickey Renaud. Mickey died suddenly this morning at his home in Tecumseh, Ontario.
The Calgary Flames pass along our condolences to the Renaud family, Mickey’s father Mark, mother Jane, sister Penny and brother Remy. Additionally, we express our deepest sympathy to the entire Windsor Spitfires organization; Mickey’s teammates, coaches and staff.
CALGARY FLAMES HOCKEY CLUB
added 6:20pm ET, More on Renaud’s short career from the CP.
Filed in: NHL Teams, Calgary Flames, Non-NHL Hockey, Minor League, | KK Hockey | Permalink
Tags: mickey+renaud, ohl, windsor+spitfires
Iginla Searching For Goals
by Paul on 01/30/08 at 12:57 PM
«Chicago’s Upcoming Country Concerts
This summer will be a good one for Chicago’s country music fans (like our guy Airball). Between the months of May and September, a great mix country music legends and rising stars will be making their way to the Chicagoland area. Below you can find exactly who will be coming to town along with other useful details such as where they’re playing and opening acts. If you’d like to hear a song from one of the artists, simply scroll over the picture and click play.
Photo Source: Christopher Polk/Getty Images
Brad Paisley @ FMBA – May 11th
A year after rocking Wrigley Field, Brad Paisley is all set for his return trip back to Chicago as part of the Beat This Summer Tour 2013. Joined by Chris Young and Lee Brice, Paisley’s performance is sure to start the summer off on a high note with songs such as “Ticks” and “American Saturday Night”.
- Also Playing: Chris Young, Lee Brice
- This event has passed
Photo Credit: AP Photo
Tim McGraw @ FMBA – May 24th
Few artists have put together the type of career in country music as Tim McGraw has. This May, McGraw will help kick off the concert season with yet another one of his renown live performances. With his new album, Two Lanes of Freedom, on shelves now, fans can expect a great mix of new songs and all-time favorites.
- Also Playing: Brantley Gilbert & Love and Theft
- This event has passed
Photo Credit: Music.Yahoo.Com
Luke Bryan @ FMBA – June 15th
Reigning CMA Entertainer of the year, Luke Bryan will be coming to First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre this June. Bryan will look to ride the success his recently released #1 album, Spring Break…Here to Party, by kicking off the Dirt Road Diaries Tour alongside a pair of fantastic openers in Thompson Square and Florida Georgia Line.
- Also Playing: Thompson Square & Florida Georgia Line
- Buy Tickets
Photo Credit: Rick Diamond, Getty Images
Toby Keith @ FMBA – June 30th
Get your “Red Solo Cup” ready, one of country music’s most recognizable names will coming our way this summer! On June 30th, Toby Keith will bring country to Chicago in a way only he can. And just a few days before the 4th of July, expect the always patriotic Toby Keith to put on quite the show.
- Also Playing: Kip Moore
- Buy Tickets
Photo Credit: Timothy Hiatt/Getty Images
Jason Aldean @ Wrigley Field – July 20th
Keeping the tradition of great summer concerts at Wrigley Filed alive will be country music superstar Jason Aldean. Aldean is coming off the release of his 5th studio album, Night Train, and is now gearing up for 2013’s Night Train Tour which will feature a slew of notable artists across select dates. For this very special performance at Wrigley Field, Aldean will be joined by Grammy Award winner Kelly Clarkson, Jake Owen and Thomas Rhett. Don’t miss this A-List line-up, get your tickets today.
- Also Performing: Kelly Clarkson, Jake Owen and Thomas Rhett
- Buy Tickets
Photo Source: blakeshelton.com
Blake Shelton @ FMBA – August 3rd
When he’s not hosting NBC’s The Voice, Blake Shelton has a thriving music career of his own to cater to. In March, Shelton released the album Based on a True Story… which hit #1 on the country music charts and has already birthed a pair of acclaimed singles in “Sure Be Cool If you Did” and “Boys ‘Round Here”. Hear hits old and new from Shelton when he comes to First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre in August alongside the talented Easton Corbin and the lovely Jana Kramer.
- Also Performing: Easton Corbin, Jana Kramer
- Buy Tickets
Photo Source: Taylorswift.com
Taylor Swift @ Soldier Field – August 10th
In support of her multi-platinum album, Red, Taylor Swift will be playing some of the country’s biggest venues. Over the last year, Swift has made the transition from a promising young country singer to a mainstream music megastar. Much of that new-found appeal can be accredited to her crossing over to a more pop-influenced sound musically. Whether you prefer Taylor’s new stuff or her old, they’re will be plenty of both with the Red Tour comes to Soldier Field this August.
- Also Performing: Ed Sheeran, Austin Mahone, Casey James
- Buy Tickets
Photo Source: Livenation.com
Rascal Flatts @ FMBA – August 17th
From 2000-2010, the trio of Rascal Flatts released seven studio albums that, combined, went 18x Platinum. In 2012, the group’s success continued with the release of Changed which marked their seventh consecutive number one album. With so many hit songs in their catalog, Rascal Flatts is one act country fans can’t miss this summer!
- Also Performing: The Band Perry
- Buy Tickets
Photo Credit: Mark Humphrey/AP Photo
Miranda Lambert @ FMBA – September 9th
Miranda Lambert and fellow country music star Dierks Bentley will be playing First Midwest Bank Amphitheatre this September. Hear hit songs such as Lambert’s “Over You” and “White Liar” and Bentley’s “Home” and “Sideways”. There won’t be many chances to see these to share the same stage so be sure to get your tickets before it sells out!
- Also Performing: Dierks Bentley
- Buy TicketsJoseph Cosgrove: Attorney at law
Kristen Mullen / The Sunday Voice Joseph M. Cosgrove, 52, of Wilkes-Barre was nominated by Gov. Ed Rendell to fill a vacancy on the Luzerne County bench.
Related stories
Joseph Matthias Cosgrove is persistent.
He's resolute.
He's determined to ensure his witness, an expert in "international justice and peace," will be allowed to testify by telephone from 4,400 miles away.
"Expert in international justice and peace?" Assistant District Attorney Tom Marsilio tells Common Pleas Judge Joseph Augello. "I find that to be stretching the imagination very much and very far. We're asking for someone at the end of a phone line who will not be placed under oath...."
"If he wants to the challenge the credibility of Mother Teresa of Calcutta," Cosgrove interrupts, "he can go right ahead."
Cosgrove awed his colleagues during Steven Dunn's 1991 murder trial. Cosgrove, a 34-year-old public defender at the time, secured testimony from Mother Teresa, the Nobel Peace Prize winner now on the path to sainthood, during the death penalty phase of Dunn's trial.
"The most persuasive, the most emotional closing argument I ever heard was by Joe Cosgrove following the death penalty phase of the Dunn trial," Marsilio said this week. "It was absolutely incomparable."
Friends and family have marveled for years how Cosgrove, a demure but confident individual, has worked his way into headlines, television shows and relative fame, all unwittingly as he dedicated his life to practicing law and education.
At 16, he wrote President Richard Nixon about his interest in the space program. The White House arranged for Cosgrove and his family to watch the 1973 Skylab launch at Cape Canaveral, Fla.
At 20 and 21, he was the Notre Dame Leprechaun, which included the 1977 season when quarterback Joe Montana led the Fighting Irish to a national championship.
At 41, he appeared on the television show "The West Wing," at the behest of actor Martin Sheen, a client and personal friend.
Cosgrove has organized services for victims' rights groups, headed various legal committees, run for office, taught college courses and defended countless people unable to afford legal representation.
Now, the 52-year-old Wilkes-Barre resident is preparing to use a lifetime of scholarly pursuits and legal experience for a new position, Judge of Court of Common Pleas, as the state Senate debates his confirmation.
Potential for leadership
Luzerne County Judge Augello, who found Dunn guilty of first-degree homicide during the bench trial in June 1991, will decide Dunn's fate. Dunn waived his right to a jury hearing, leaving Augello to determine his sentence after a penalty phase hearing. Before that begins, Augello must rule whether Mother Teresa's testimony can be admitted.
"She knows the case," Cosgrove said. "She knows that he has been found guilty of murder of the first degree."
"Does she know the defendant?" Augello asks.
"Personally?" Cosgrove responds. "She has been in contact with him."
Cosgrove was born in 1957, the second of two boys to Richard and Mary. He grew up in Pittston and attended church and school at St. John the Evangelist. He was involved in numerous school activities - intramural sports, National Honor Society, student council president to the school newspaper - as well as being an altar server and participating in other church activities.
Holy Reedemer High School Principal James Redington, who taught at St. John when Cosgrove was a student, said he remembers Cosgrove's maturity compared to his classmates.
"Even at a very young age, he had great potential for leadership," Redington said. "He was just a very dynamic and outgoing young man, mixed with his intelligence and wit as well."
Cosgrove studied international business and political science at the University of Notre Dame. Charlie Weis, Notre Dame's recently fired football coach, was Cosgrove's roommate. In 1982, Cosgrove received his law degree and master's degree in theology from the school. He came back to the Wyoming Valley to practice law, but maintained a connection with Notre Dame as a continuing scholar at the school's White Center for Law, Government and Human Rights.
Cosgrove returned to Pennsylvania as a political up-and-comer. He was a delegate to the 1980 Democratic National Convention and was elected to Pittston Area school board in 1985 but served just one term. He visited Nicaragua twice between 1984 and 1986 with a visiting scholar from Notre Dame and wrote about U.S. policy in the region.
He considered a campaign for Congress in 1986, challenging U.S. Rep. Paul Kanjorski, D-Nanticoke, who was then a two-term incumbent, but instead Cosgrove held a press conference to announce he wouldn't run. His name would surface as a potential candidate throughout the 1980s and 1990s, but Cosgrove remained focused on his law practice, his work as a public defender and involvement in victims' rights issues.
"My degree and teaching in a political science department always keeps me interested in government," Cosgrove said. "Long, long ago, more than a quarter century ago, that interest rose to the level of considering a run for a legislative position, which came fleetingly and left."
Cosgrove would not run for another office until 1993, when he lost a judicial bid for Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court.
Continuing education
Months before Dunn's trial, the 32-year-old man accused of killing his girlfriend's 17-month-old son writes letters to Mother Teresa, asking for forgiveness. In January 1991, Cosgrove travels to the Vatican with actor and friend Martin Sheen to meet with Mother Teresa. Sheen and Cosgrove were both opposed to the Persian Gulf War, though Cosgrove also spoke to the nun from Calcutta about his work as a public defender.
Good lawyers never stop learning, Cosgrove tells students - it's not just the law that matters, but numerous fields. Cosgrove has taught Constitutional Law at King's for nearly two decades, taught courses to state police on legal issues with homicide cases and served on legal advisory committees, including the Wilkes Law School initiative.
This past spring Cosgrove arranged for students in an honors course to meet with U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg in her chambers to discuss cases before the court. It was one of the most rewarding academic experiences for the students, King's College Political Science Department Chairman Joseph Rish said.
"(Cosgrove) routinely receives high praise from students," Rish said. "His classes are some of the most popular we offer and he always teaches at 8 a.m., so that says something."
Assistant Public Defender William Ruzzo worked alongside Cosgrove on several cases in the public defender's office and sought advice from him on others.
"Joe mentored me," Ruzzo said. "Joe was a guy who was never too busy to sit down and talk with you about these issues."
Cosgrove inspired Ann Kaluzavich to become a lawyer. The 23-year-old Pittston native is in her first year at Duquesne University law school in Pittsburgh. She took Constitutional Law with Cosgrove and he helped her study for the LSAT exams.
"I'd come across so many lawyers who didn't seem happy with their careers," she said. "Just the way he communicated with us about the material that we were learning showed he had a genuine passion for it. His general demeanor and life and how he approached people reflected that passion."
Cosgrove follows his own advice. He received a master's degree in studio art from Marywood University in 1993, while maintaining his practice full-time.
"I think everyone needs to be sure to balance their lives, so that they are a whole person," Cosgrove said. "We are students our whole lives â¦ People are hunters or they are painters or they are sports fans. We need to broaden our lives and never, never stop the learning process."
Theology has played a role in his continued education, as well. Joining an ordained ministry crossed Cosgrove's mind at a younger age - "I think it crosses most Irish Catholic men's minds that maybe an ordained ministry is something to follow," he said - but Cosgrove decided the law was his "real vocation."
"Studying theology allowed me to use the same sort of academic discipline that is helpful in the law," Cosgrove said. "It allowed me to analyze interpretation of text, especially from the Judeo-Christian tradition which was very consistent with Anglo-American law."
Vocal advocate
Cosgrove and nearly 30 other people, including prosecutor Marsilio and Judge Augello, are in the Luzerne County Commissioners room listening. They wait for Mother Teresa's voice to come across the speaker phone and the call to be connected. It's nearly 15 minutes before the voice comes over the speaker...
Cosgrove is well-known for his defense in death penalty cases, but has handled several involving Constitutional Law and civil rights.
In January Cosgrove defended a Hughestown man facing a disorderly conduct charge because he posted a sign to his pickup truck's back window reading: "If you're not in America and can't speak English, get the (expletive) out." Cosgrove argued it was the man's constitutional right to keep the sign. The Hughestown police department dropped the case.
In 2000 he defended a Wilkes-Barre man facing charges related to manufacturing shotguns. Cosgrove argued for his client's Second Amendment rights.
Still, a large portion of his practice has dealt with defense work in capital cases. He handles appeals for the court-appointed conflict counsel's office, served as court-appointed defense attorney in several cases and helped other defense attorneys with mitigation in the penalty phase in capital cases.
"Joe is very methodical when it comes to research," First Assistant Public Defender Al Flora said. "He will take an issue, he will look at it in a variety of different angles. He thinks outside the box. He keeps an open mind. He looks at different views, different opinions, from which he then formulates his own opinions. That is an individual that you can respect."
Anyone who would confuse Cosgrove's vocal opposition to the death penalty and his actions on behalf of clients with his ability to interpret the law as judge doesn't understand Cosgrove's character, Flora said. Juries must unanimously issue the death penalty in Pennsylvania after finding someone guilty of first-degree homicide. Judges, only in very rare cases, play any role in sentencing capital cases when both the prosecution and defendant waive right to a trial by jury.
"Would the same people raise the same type of objection if you had a prosecutor running for a judge or appointed to judge and he was very proactive in his approach towards the death penalty?" Flora said. "I think that's a very unfair criticism. As lawyers, whether prosecutors or defense lawyers, we have an obligation to respect the law and to apply the law."
'His integrity is spotless'
Cosgrove speaks to the woman on the phone and asks the fundamental question: Should Steven Dunn's life be spared?
"I don't think he should die," Mother Teresa says. "Do what Jesus would do - forgive him."
After testimony from several other witnesses, Augello gave Dunn life imprisonment.
Throughout his law career, Cosgrove has been active in victims' rights issues. In the 1980s he volunteered legal service to help crack-addicted children at St. Luke's Hospital in New York. In 1991 he was the executive producer of "Children of the Lie," a public service film about domestic violence that was sponsored by several bar and legal associations. He has been chairman of the Judicorps committee for the Wilkes-Barre Law and Library Association for more than a decade. The committee offers legal services to victims of tragedies. In the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001, Cosgrove organized teams of attorneys to help victims get services and legal help.
Sheen narrated "Children of the Lie." Cosgrove is Sheen's defense attorney. The two are friends, sharing a strong Catholic faith and belief in similar causes. They met at a function at Notre Dame, Cosgrove said.
Sheen described Cosgrove as living an almost "monk-like existence" for much of his life. He continued to work as a court-appointed attorney, as he paid off his student loans to Notre Dame, rather than focusing on making profits.
"His integrity is spotless," Sheen said. "Joe's stance on the death penalty is exemplary. He was a public defender in Wilkes-Barre for years. Most of his clients were poor and disadvantaged. They came from some very difficult situations and the best could do, when these people faced capital crimes, was to save their lives."
Ruzzo said Cosgrove's work with victims' rights issues often goes unnoticed because he doesn't seek the spotlight.
"He's a mild, very friendly guy. He doesn't seek publicity," Ruzzo said. "He tries to remain as much in the background. The causes are the causes. It's not about Joe."
cjones@citizensvoice.com, 570-821-2110
17 posted comments:32 am
Thu April 3, 2014
Good Manners Pay Off For Pizza Delivery Man
By editor
Originally published on Thu April 3, 2014 5:53 am
A pizza delivery man in Oregon received a 23 cents tip on a $22 check. He accepted it graciously. The next day he got a thank you note from the bad tippers and a $20 bill.Other identifiers for this part: SPEC #: LT-SEN04CLED
- Product exactly as advertised. Reasonably priced. Shipped promptly.by chipnhomie
-
- Go Parts made me very happy. The website was easy to access and my order arrived way before the estimated delivery date. The item I order was correct with not damage. I am so pleased and I will be returning!!!by KameshaPeople celebrate in Ras Al-Ain countryside as they announced the members of the interim government of democratic self-administered party, in the city of Amuda near Hasaka January 21, 2014. (REUTERS/Rodi Said)
BEIRUT: Syria’s Kurds are facing next month’s presidential election with a mix of defiance, pragmatism and indifference.
The June 3 polls are expected to see President Bashar Assad easily defeat two lesser-known challengers, but in areas where the Kurdish PYD (Democratic Union Party) holds sway, the battle will be over turnout, and spinning the events of election day as a “victory.”
The so-called Kurdish areas of Syria – where Kurds form nearly the entire population, or the largest of several main groups – stretch along the country’s 700-kilometer northern border.
They range from fairly small pockets in the west to considerably larger swathes of territory in the east, but in the latter areas Kurds are joined by Sunni Arabs as well as Assyrian Christians.
While the Kurdish political scene is fragmented into a few dozen political parties and movements, the PYD – a branch of the PKK based next door in Turkey – is the dominant militarily force on the ground, through its militia the YPG (People’s Protection.
Saleh Muslim, the head of the PYD, has made a few intriguing statements in the run-up to the polls, in terms of whether his party would “allow” them to take place.
In one, earlier this month, he said the polls would take place in areas where his PYD has set up a self-governing zone, split into western, central and eastern sections.
In remarks to a Kurdish news outlet, Muslim welcomed the distribution of ballot boxes by the government, but the PYD chief added that “Assad can deploy his troops in Syrian Kurdistan, but only if he accepts Kurdish rights.”
The outlet noted that Muslim predicted the regime would manage to put out ballot boxes in areas of Hassakeh and at the airport in Qamishli, where the Syrian army is deployed. But he declined to state whether the pollswould take place in a number of smaller, Kurdish-majority areas to the west, the outlet said.
Muslim also voiced his expectation that Kurds who do take part “are likely not to vote for Assad because they are currently busy with their own elections [in the self-rule areas].”
The governor of Hassakeh province – where Qamishli is located – has said the elections in Kurdish-controlled areas were a certainty, and thanked the Kurdish population for what he said was its full support for the electoral process.
But the self-governing authority – which is dominated by the PYD – this week stated that the elections were a mistake because they would only “prolong the country’s crisis, and increase the pace of the daily murder of Syrians.”
“Holding a presidential election at this difficult time in the country’s history is neither a sound nor wise decision,” it added.
Anti-regime news outlets have described the stances of Muslim, his PYD, and the self-rule authority as the height of pragmatism and having it both ways – the authority is described as leading a “boycott,” but at the same time it “allows” the regime to conduct pro-election rallies and put up election paraphernalia in the city of Hassakeh, for example.
Mohammad Kheir Banko, a Kurdish National Council representative to the opposition-in-exile National Council, reiterated his group’s stand that the election was a “farce,” but acknowledged that in cities such as Hassakeh and Qamishli, polling stations would be established and voting would take place.
“But in the western towns, such as Amouda, Derbasieh and elsewhere, I think it would be stupid if the regime tries to distribute ballot boxes, where it doesn’t have a military presence. The public won’t accept the idea,” he told The Daily Star.
Massoud Akko, a Syrian-Kurdish journalist who left the country for security-related reasons and is now based in Norway, said several factors are leaving people unenthusiastic about the coming poll – one in which the various political sides will likely declare “victory,” irrespective of what happens.
. In addition, the general atmosphere of anxiety over daily life and anger because of the war prevails over much of the Kurdish community.
“There are thousands of Kurds who left rural Damascus, where they were working before the war, and ended up in Qamishli as refugees. The city of Qamishli gets about one hour of electricity a day, and job opportunities are scarce, while prices are skyrocketing,” Akko said.
“There’s a sense of general despair, and a distinct lack of enthusiasm about taking part in an election carried out by this regime.”
Both men said that several hundred thousand Syrian Kurds have fled the country, mainly in the direction of Iraqi Kurdistan next door, meaning an even lower number of overall voters.
Since many of them did not exit through legal crossing-points, they are ineligible to vote, according to the election law.
An observer of Kurdish politics, who requested anonymity, said that come election day, certain segments of the population would turn out to vote, such as people who do so fearing the consequences of staying away.
“You have the non-Kurds, and a group of them will turn out. You have the state employees, who are obliged to do so,” he said.
The PYD, the observer continued, was operating based on a simple list of priorities, and the notion of its being in league with the regime was an oversimplification.
“The party is pragmatic, and it does not want to engage in an open war with the regime. Otherwise, its other main concern is the growing influence of Islamists,” he said.
The observer cited sources within the Kurdish community, close to the PYD, who indicated that while the party had officially criticized the election, in a decision many people are calling a “boycott,” the PYD is in fact letting the public decide whether it should show up on election day.
Erdogan slams brakes on Kurdish peace process Kurds are facing next month's presidential election with a mix of defiance, pragmatism and indifference.The so-called Kurdish areas of Syria – where Kurds form nearly the entire population, or the largest of several main groups – stretch along the country's 700-kilometer northern.
...
Erdogan slams brakes on Kurdish peace process ahead of polls
Half of Syria under ISIS control
Syrian opposition’s ‘flag-gate’ explodes again
Flag commotion overshadows Syrian opposition event
A newspaper sting has prevented a 16-year-old girl from traveling to Syria to become a jihadi bride
One of the worst strikes in Turkey's thriving car industry for years that has affected several manufacturers eased as...
Leading authors, including Salman Rushdie and fellow Booker prize winners Margaret Atwood and Yann Martell, called on...
Plans to send Syrian rebel fighters to relieve besieged Kurds in the border town of Ain al-Arab were dismissed Friday...
Kurdish groups from Iraq and three neighboring countries are putting aside old rivalries to battle jihadist militants,...
Syria’s Kurds are facing next month’s presidential election with a mix of defiance, pragmatism and indifference.
Insurgents including the Al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front seized a hospital from government forces, which they had besieged...
They were always seen as the key to defeating the jihadis in their bastions but the fall of Ramadi has deepened the...
ISIS controls more than half of Syria's territory after its westwards advance into the central city of Palmyra, an...
A tribal leader says ISIS militants have seized another town in Iraq's western Anbar province, less than a week after...
Syrian Kurdish factions have signed a deal to share power and set their rivalries aside to capitalize on growing...
Turkish authorities believe a far-left militant was behind bomb attacks on two offices of a pro-Kurdish party ahead of...
While it would do well to be wary of anyone proclaiming to know a universal truth, the organizers of the MEN’S WORLD...
FOLLOW THIS ARTICLE, Sahuarita's population is 24,643 people. Since 2000, it has had a population growth of 450.07 percent.
The median home cost in Sahuarita is $158,800. Home appreciation the last year has been 5.30 percent.
Compared to the rest of the country, Sahuarita's cost of living is 2.40% Lower than the U.S. average.
Sahuarita public schools spend $9,357 per student. The average school expenditure in the U.S. is $12,435. There are about 19.7 students per teacher in Sahuarita.
The unemployment rate in Sahuarita is 5.50 percent(U.S. avg. is 6.30%). Recent job growth is Positive. Sahuarita 29 minutes. The National Average is 25 minutes.
Sahuar
Awesome Town!: Sahuarita was a small (1500) town, but has boomed in the last 10 years (24,000). Wonderful places to live and raise a family, or retire. Check it... (read more)Rancho Sahuarita: I love this community. It is very family oriented environment. We live in a development stuctured around family. We have a club house, water park, lake, tons of parks... (read more)Cheap place to live, IF you can find a job: In comparison to CA, everything is far less expensive. Homes are available at reasonable prices, gas is $0.50 to $0.70 less per gallon than CA, even groceries run about... (read more)Have an opinion about Sahuarita? Leave a commentTo See All SperlingViews for Sahuarita Click Here20% OFF! - Precious in Pastels
>: 216.9 MB (approximate)
Design Elements
- Digital Papers: 20
- Page Elements: 135
Designer Notes
This huge pastel kit is great for baby boys, baby girls, toddlers, children and adults. Pretty coordinated embellishments including frames, ribbons, word art, matts, flowers, buttons and much, much more. Also included are 20 adorable papers you will use over and over again. This fun kit has 8 layout examples and I still couldn't get even close to showing you.Acting Secretary Blank Visits Newark One-Stop Career Center with Mayor Cory Booker, Highlights American Jobs Act
Acting-  Mercedes SLK (R170) responsibility in your everyday life. A vehicle without any lights can be extremely dangerous especially driving at night and what makes a complete auto lighting system? It includes the headlights, tail light, corner light, parking light, warning light, side marker light & third brake lights. The projector head lights are one type of head lights that generates better visibility compared to most OEM head lights. So when you decide to change your OEM head lights with projector head lights, you can choose from a wide choice from halo projector head lights & chrome head lights.Perfect and Serene Oddity
Michael Hofmann
- Speaking to the Rose: Writings, 1912-32 by Robert Walser, edited and translated by Christopher Middleton
Nebraska, 128 pp, £9.99, November 2005, ISBN 0 8032 9833 1
So irregular, appealing and – if one may say – so pitiable a figure is the Swiss writer Robert Walser (1878-1956) that he comfortably resists summary description. Even his biographer, Robert Mächler, begins by warning himself, via a feisty sentence of his subject’s: ‘No one is entitled to behave towards me as if they knew me.’
It’s not that writing about Walser can’t be done, it can be done endlessly and beautifully, but it seems unlikely to achieve anything much, although he offers so much scope for true statement, insight and original expression. You write your piece, make your comparisons, press your claims, and at the end of it all you look up and see Walser, looking not much like your likeness of him, only slightly battered for having been the object of your attentions. It’s like nailing the proverbial jelly to the wall. Susan Sontag talks about him slipping through the net of comparisons. It’s perhaps not beside the point to recall that when a very young man, Walser wanted to be an actor, and while that ambition may have been squelched in the course of a typically humiliating encounter with an established actor who merely motioned towards the door, there remains something protean about him, even as a writer.
Walser inspires critics and admirers – and really he no longer has any of the former, only the latter – to feats of brilliant emulation, so that they outdo themselves, each other, and their subject. As a result, he can strike one not as a writer for readers, or even for other writers, so much as one for commentators. Thus, to Sontag (one cannot easily imagine a more contrary personality or temperament), he is ‘a Paul Klee in prose as delicate, as sly, as haunted. A cross between Stevie Smith and Beckett: a good-humoured, sweet Beckett.’ Christopher Middleton writes: ‘Well before the 1920s, the text for Walser is a non-thing, as much so as a Cubist guitar or Magritte’s apple (“Ceci n’est pas une pomme”).’[*] Other comparisons include the composer Satie, the painter Rousseau, the inevitable Kafka, and a further trinity of mad writers, Hölderlin, Nerval and Christopher Smart. The more genial and indeed congenial William Gass describes Walser more modestly: ‘He was a kind of columnist before the time of columns.’ And a further, more modest name is offered: ‘The signature “Harmless Crank”,’ Gass suggests, ‘could be appended to quite a few without discordance or much malice.’ So we have Walser variously as yea or nay-saying (does a ‘sweet Beckett’ say yes or no?), as priestly whiff of incense and as humdrum green ink, as artsy and crafty, as writer and eraser, eccentric and universal, recessive and bold. None of these is discounted by me; all, I think, are true. Just as true is another pair of opposed statements. Middleton again: ‘As author and individual, Walser articulates a large and general cast of mind, such as strictly “personal” writings seldom do.’ And Gass again: ‘If Walser is a descriptive writer, and he is surely that, what he is describing, always, is a state of mind … and mostly the same mind, it would seem.’ And to sum up the admirable summaries? That honour should go to Christopher Middleton, Walser’s first translator – rare that that accolade should belong to someone working in the English language – and his champion for nearly fifty years, for whom his author remains ‘a wild particle’ whom one reads ‘for his blithe difference from colleagues in any age or any condition – for his perfect and serene oddity’.
Start over. This is the essayist Franz Blei’s recollection of his first meeting with Walser, in 1898:
A few days later, he stood in my room and said I am Walser. A tall rather lanky fellow with ruddy, bony features, under a thick blond thatch that fought off the comb, dreamy blue-grey eyes and beautifully formed large hands protruding from the sleeves of a jacket too small for him; they seemed not to know what to do with themselves, and wished they could have crept into the trouser-pockets so as not to be there. This was Walser, half journeyman apprentice, half page-boy, all poet. He had brought along what I’d asked to see. And he pulled out a lined school jotter bound in black linen: there were the poems. They were all he had. They were thirty-odd in number. They filled the thin notebook with their beautiful, crisp handwriting, which ran smoothly and evenly, without anything unruly or fancy. It was rare for a single word to be crossed out and replaced in what was nonetheless a first draft … This young person gave every impression of having heard there was such a thing as poetry from hearsay or report, that he had invented the music and the instrument on which it was played at the same time, so wholly unformed by reading or literary taste were these poems.
Walser was 20. The passage takes its place next to other celebrated early sightings, say, of Lowry by Conrad Aiken, of Kerouac by Ginsberg, of Whitman by Whitman. Blei captures what later observers would see too – what good readers of Walser could even intuit for themselves – the strange mixture of ungainliness and delicacy, the rough, oxygenated outdoorsiness and the sheepish punctilio, the strong growth and the dreaminess, the evidence of health and the suspicion of pain, the high colour and its confining translation into symbols on paper, the spiritual agency (speaking in the hands and the eyes) in an improbable and uncouth physical setting that is not, however, despised (any more than it is in Whitman). It shows Walser’s self-aware, occasionally prickly poverty, his rough desire to please in the context of his independence, his extreme civilisation paired with his extreme wildness. All his life, it seems, he had a relish for the human animal, writing with notable, undissembled pleasure of walking, swimming, eating, but also a difficult flair for courtesies. Manners as difficulty, as confusion, as bristling or bridling defence, never as pleasantry or lubricant. (Walser wrote his own account of the meeting in a defiantly cringing, tormentedly grateful piece with the speaking title, ‘Doktor Franz Blei’. The squid in its cloud of ink encounters Cousteau.) It might be a scene reasonably early on in Kaspar Ha
[*] Sontag’s and Middleton’s comments appear in Walser’s Selected Stories, translated by Middleton (NYRB, 196 pp., $12.95, 2002, 0 940322 98 6).
Vol. 28 No. 22 · 16 November 2006 » Michael Hofmann » Perfect and Serene Oddity
pages 21-23 | 4501 wordsWorst to first is a dream that came true for the 2013 Boston Red Sox.
Now, after a 97-win regular season and ALDS victory over the Tampa Bay Rays, the 2012 AL East cellar dwellers are just four victories from reaching the World Series for the first time since 2007.
In their way: the reigning American League champion Detroit Tigers.
As the American League Championship Series gets set to kick off in Fenway Park on Saturday night, Boston will have their hands full with a team that has played in three consecutive LCS.
If the Red Sox are headed to the World Series, they'll have to follow this guide on their journey there.
Here is how the Red Sox can win the ALCS:
1. Take a series lead before Justin Verlander takes the mound
Despite pitching below his normal standards during the regular season, Justin Verlander has arrived to the October party looking to retake the crown of "best pitcher alive" from Dodgers left-hander Clayton Kershaw.
Through two ALDS performances against the Oakland Athletics, Verlander has staked his claim.
In late September, Verlander expressed optimism in his ability to get better as the summer turned to fall and the season rolled into October. After an outing against the Minnesota Twins on September 23, Verlander has morphed back into his 2011 MVP form.
Over his last 27 innings, including two dominant performances against Oakland in the LDS, Verlander has posted the following numbers: 15 H, 43 K, 6 BB and 0 ER.
He's back and possibly better than ever.
For the Red Sox to take down this Tigers group, they'll need a 2-0 series lead, or at worst a 1-1 tie, before Verlander takes the hill in Game 3 in Detroit.
As good as Verlander is right now, it's hard to imagine the Red Sox hitting him hard enough for a victory.
Winning the first two games would assure that Verlander can't put the Tigers in command with a dominant Game 3 performance.
2. Beat Benoit in Fenway
As pointed out in this LCS primer, Joaquin Benoit has been a solid investment for the Detroit Tigers over the last three years.
Yet his career numbers in Fenway Park should scare any Tigers fan, especially if the series shifts to a deciding Game 6 or 7 in Boston.
In 15 career games in Boston, Benoit has posted a 5.18 ERA in 33 innings pitched. If he gets in a jam during any of the games in Boston during the ALCS, expect to hear about his struggles in the park.
As the following chart shows, Benoit's numbers in Fenway Park are the fourth worst during his career for any venue.
Baseball-Reference
For the Red Sox, the objective should be to not allow Detroit, regardless of the career numbers for their closer, to enter the ninth inning with a lead.
However, Benoit is a big spot in Fenway Park and shouldn't scare an offense that led the league in runs and on-base percentage.
If an extra-inning game occurs at Fenway, coaxing Jim Leyland into using his closer in a tie game could be a boon for Boston's cause.
3. Use Quintin Berry as a weapon
I'll admit it: Quintin Berry's 27-for-27 stolen base success rate amazes me.
While it's clear that the sample size is small, the former Tigers outfielder has never ever been caught stealing in a major league game.
By the end of the 2013 ALCS, Berry, if deployed aggressively by Red Sox manager John Farrell, could be talked about in Boston in the same breath as Dave Roberts.
In the ALDS, Berry added three successful stolen bases to his ledger. With a seven-game series on the horizon, the 28-year-old outfielder could do even more damage across a longer battle with the Tigers.
Due to a deep, versatile bench, Red Sox manager John Farrell can't be shy about using Berry in high-leverage situations late in games, especially if the game is within a run or tied.
Although the relentless Red Sox order can score runs without the aid of stolen bases from pinch runners, using Berry could put pressure on the Tigers defense and change the outcome of a big inning.
Even though Berry is a downgrade at the plate from any hitter he replaces in the Red Sox order, Boston's ability to then substitute in a hitter like Mike Carp or Jonny Gomes later in the game makes his inclusion on the roster a dynamic and practical addition.
4. Take advantage of Craig Breslow's ability
Fair or not, baseball fans tend to view all left-handed relief pitchers in the same light.
Unless we're talking about a dominant closer like Billy Wagner, John Franco or John Rocker, the left-handed pitcher in question is likely a LOOGY (left-handed one out guy).
In the context of deep, dynamic bullpens and match up data used by almost every manager, pitching changes from batter to batter aren't rare in 2013. Yet when a lefty like Craig Breslow is available in the bullpen, it's an advantage too good to pass up.
Craig Breslow's 8 yr. reg. season career ERA is 2.82. Tune up Otis Redding's r-e-s-p-e-c-t— Peter Gammons (@pgammo) October 9, 2013
During the ALDS against Tampa, opposing right-handed batters went just 2-for-10 against him. That number is almost exactly as low as the .208 average righties posted against him during the season.
Here's why these numbers matter: Tigers manager Jim Leyland often likes to stack his 2-3-4-5 hitters with Torii Hunter (RH), Miguel Cabrera (RH), Prince Fielder (LH) and Victor Martinez (SH).
If Breslow can continue his success and ability to handle hitters like Hunter, Cabrera and Martinez, Farrell won't have to make multiple moves late in games to get through the heart of Detroit's order. That will go a long way in a quest to win a bullpen battle and survive if a game reaches extra innings.
5. Keep Austin Jackson from putting the ball in play
In theory, this shouldn't be hard.
Jackson, Detroit's lead off hitter, struck out 13 times in the five-game LDS against Oakland. In total, the 26-year-old outfielder went 2-for-20 and almost single-handedly choked the life out of the Detroit offense.
As detailed here, Jackson has an amazing ability to convert batted balls into hits. If the Red Sox want to keep Jackson off base in front of the aforementioned Hunter-Cabrera-Fielder-Martinez quartet, strikeouts are the best route to take.
Since his arrival to the major leagues in 2010, Jackson has struck out 671 times.
That's a big number for sluggers, yet Tigers manager Jim Leyland continues to bat his center fielder atop the lineup because of the speed he posses and his ability to jumpstart the offense in front of the sluggers if he does put the baseball into play.
What is your prediction for Tigers-Red Sox?
Despite winning the LDS in five games over Oakland, Detroit's No. 2 ranked offense, only trailing Boston, didn't light up the scoreboard. In five games, the Tigers scored a total of 17 runs. That averaged out to just over three runs per game, a stark contrast to 4.9 runs per game during the regular season.
If Jon Lester, John Lackey, Clay Buchholz and Jake Peavy, Boston's four scheduled starters, can keep Jackson off the bases, any damage done by the heart of Detroit's order will be limited, giving the high-powered Red Sox offense the chance to outscore the Tigers.
Comment below, follow me on Twitter or "like" my Facebook page to talk all things baseball.Cedar Fair's 22-year winning streak of providing cash distributions to investors ended last year.
It's time to begin a new streak, the company's biggest investor says.
Q Funding, the Texas-based investor that owns about 18 percent of Cedar Fair's outstanding units, has written a letter to Cedar Fair's board urging the company to immediately resume cash distributions to unitholders and to pay at least 50 cents per unit.
The company, which made its letter public by filing it with the Securities and Exchange Commission, is asking other unitholders to join its call to resume the cash distribution.
"We believe a minimum of a $0.50 distribution is not only possible but also an absolute necessity and should be begun as soon as possible. The company owes this to the unitholders, many of whom made their investments based upon the distribution and who also need it to pay their taxes related to this investment," the Q Funding letter stated.
"The company has projected its Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) to be $320 to $340 million during 2010, which very closely compares to 2007 EBITDA of $340 million, a year when it distributed $1.90 per unit.
And the debt at the company as of year-end 2009 was actually lower than the debt level at the end of 2007 by close to $125 million," it stated.
"Put simply, it is hard to understand why the company could not make at minimum a $0.50 distribution per unit this year when it is projected to generate similar EBITDA and has less debt than in 2007 when it made a $1.90 distribution per unit. In our view, a very reasonable argument could also be made for a $1 distribution based on the company's own dividend history and relative performance," it continued.
Dick Kinzel, Cedar Fair's president, chief executive officer and chairman, said earlier this week that dealing with Cedar Fair's $1.6 billion of debt must be a top priority.
He said Wednesday he believes it makes sense for the company to consider resuming the distribution later this year, after it knows whether it had a successful season.
"We respect the opinion of all of our investors," he said. "We appreciate their interests and concerns."
The Q Funding letter brings up the debt issue.
"We understand that you may also desire to reduce debt, but we believe a $0.50 to $1 distribution would leave at least $60 million to $30 million of cash flow available to pay down debt based upon the company's public statements during the most recent investor conference call. This would still leave the company with less debt than it would have had under the board-approved Apollo Global Management buyout, which you and the management team were presumably comfortable with," it stated.
Randy Hunt, branch manager of Sandusky's Stifel Nicolaus office, said Q Funding's effort is "extremely positive" news for his many customers who own Cedar Fair units.
"If they put any dividend back in, it would make so many shareholders happy," he said. "It would show light at the end of the tunnel."
Q Funding III and a related company, Q4 Funding, own 18 percent of Cedar Fair's units. Both companies are controlled by Geoffrey Raynor, a Fort Worth investment banker.
Q Funding helped lead opposition to Apollo Global Management's plan to take over Cedar Fair. More recently, it persuaded Cedar Fair to agree to add two independent new members to its board.Denton County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2010 census, its population was 662,614. Part of the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, it is one of the fastest-growing counties in the United States.
North Texas West Nile Flower Mound Collin County Dallas County Advocacy Center Tarrant County Severe Thunderstorm Warning Little Elm Dallas Morning News Cavalier King Charles Fort Worth West Nile Virus Republican Party Randy Travis
North Texas
Flower Mound
West Nile
Advocacy Center
Severe Thunderstorm Warning
Fort Worth
Little Elm
United WayHow those tips from US-CERT:
- Filter spam
- Don’t trust unsolicited email
- Treat email attachments with caution
- Don’t click links in email messages
- Install antivirus software and keep it up to date
- Install a personal firewall and keep it up to date
- Configure your email client for security
 Comment on this PostBulldogs squeak past Wildcats
Matthew Stafford threw for 376 yards and the go-ahead touchdown to A.J. Green with 1:54 remaining to lift the Georgia Bulldogs to a 42-38 win over the Kentucky Wildcats on Saturday afternoon.
The Bulldogs failed to cover the 13.5-point spread, while the combined score played OVER the day's posted total of 48.
Knowshon Moreno ran for 123 yards and three scores and wide receiver Mohamed Massaquoi hauled in a career-high eight receptions for 191 yards and a touchdown.
Freshman quarterback Randall Cobb ran for 82 yards and three scores for Kentucky.Basic Idea On Tribes of Orissa
The term “tribe” refers to a type of society and designates a stage of evolution in human society. The English term tribe comes from the Latin tribes designating a particular kind of social and Political organization existing in all these societies. However in Indian context the term tribe refers to the indigenous Janas. They are commonly designated as Adivasi (Original Settlers), Girijan (Hill-dwellers) Vanyajati (Forest caste), Adimajati (Primitive castes) Jan jati (Folk Communities) and Anusuchit Jan jati (Scheduled Tribes). In Orissa the term Adivasi is commonly used for the tribes.
Orissa is the homeland of 62 different tribal communities which constitute 22.43 % of the total population of Orissa. And these tribal people express their cultural identity and distinctiveness in their social organization, Language, rituals and festivals and also in their dress, ornamentation’s, art and craft. The tribes believe that their life and work is controlled by supernatural beings whose abode is around them in hills, forests, rivers and houses. Among tribes there are religious functionaries who cater their spiritual needs. Ceremony and festival of the tribes can be classified into two groups, that is those that relate to the individual families as whole and those that relate to the village as a whole. the ceremonies and rites relating to the birth of a child, marriage, death and observed family wise, whereas those relating to various agricultural cycle eating of new fruits, hunting etc are observed by the village community .
Considering the general features of their 1) eco-system 2) traditional economy 3) supernatural and Supernatural beliefs and practices, tribes of Orissa can be classified into 6 types such as Hunting type, Collecting-herder type, simple artisan type, hill & shifting cultivation type and settled agriculture type
Tribes of Orissa like Saura, Kondh, Bonda, and Paroja & Dhuruba are really unique for with traditional dress and ornamentation. Tribal women of Orissa (Both men and women in case of Dongariya Kondh Tribes) are very fond of ornaments very much like hairs pins, earrings, nose rings and head necklaces. The most colorful tribe of Orissa Bonda women use the beads to cover the upper part of body which makes looks them majestic with shaved hair and dress called Ringa with 02 feet long and 01 feet width with ornaments of aluminum like bangles, nose rings and anklets etc.The Mystique of FinanceProbably (c) Joemonster.org and the heirs of Julian Tuwim, but who cares) here's the completely unauthorized and unabridged translation for the English-speaking ( (C) yours truly):Players: Goldberg and RapaportGoldberg: A good evening to You, sir!Rapaport: It definitely isn't a good evening if You visit! (turns off record player.)Goldberg: I do, nonetheless, think I understand You...Rapaport: No matter, if You're here, You might as well take a seat. How did You get in? Did the servant not tell You that I'm not at home?Goldberg: She did, mine also sometimes says that I'm out when I'm in.Rapaport: Would You look at that? Where did the service learn to lie like that?Goldberg: Then again, had You, sir, not been at home, she would still have said You weren't, so what's the difference?!Rapaport: Touche!Goldberg: Mr. Rapapport, are You, Sir, going to give me back my money?Rapaport: How much exactly do I owe You?Goldberg: Eight hundredVialsondemand.com Comments on the Importance of New Jersey’s 357,000 Dollar Loan to a Medical Marijuana Dispensary
A&A Packaging acknowledges the growing importance of medical marijuana for patient health and offers the best quality products to all dispensary owners.
Commerce, CA (PRWEB) September 26, 2013
In a move that is underscoring Chris Christie's changing position on Medical Marijuana, the New Jersey Economic Development Authority has approved a $357,000 loan for a medical marijuana dispensary that seeks to open its doors this October. According to Bill Thomas – CEO of the Compassionate Care Foundation – the money will be used to buy medical marijuana dispensary supplies, necessary equipment, and cultivation of the medicine.
A company spokesman for A&A Packaging is excited that the state of New Jersey is recognizing the benefits of medical marijuana and willing to invest in its dispensation. "For countless patients in New Jersey who have legally been prescribed this medicine, this will be a relief of their painful and debilitating conditions. This is a great day for public health." This news comes as no surprise as there has been a recent surge in medical marijuana legalization after states like Colorado have announced the legalization of recreational marijuana for the upcoming 2014 year.
The Medical Marijuana industry is growing along with its increasing acceptance as legitimate treatment for conditions including cancer, chronic pain, and PTSD. At last count, 20 states and the District of Columbia have legalized marijuana for medical use. Although it is still categorized as a Schedule I drug by the Federal Government, many other Schedule I drugs, such as opiates, are also available with a doctor's prescription in all 50 states.
A big push for medical marijuana legalization has been because it is considered a safer alternative to opiates, which are both notoriously addictive and have a high degree of danger when it comes to accidental overdose. Proponents of medical marijuana use have pointed out its myriad benefits in relation to other prescription drugs, but it has taken a state-by-state nationwide campaign to educate residents about these benefits and fight the misconceptions that surround medical cannabis.
Despite the misconceptions surrounding medical marijuana use, there is an ever-rising awareness of its benefits that has led two western states to decriminalize its use entirely. A company spokesperson for A&A Packaging sees this as an encouraging sign: "The important thing is for patients that need this medicine to have access to it." He said "Critics often assume that medical cannabis is dangerous or will only be bought by those seeking it for recreational use. The reality is that legal prescription drugs can have much more serious side effects and many have very high rates of off label use and outright abuse." He is especially surprised that so many people believe that marijuana is a drug that is a danger for overdoses. "If you ask any doctor working in an emergency room, they will be quick to tell you that prescription meds such as opiates and sedatives are the leading cause of overdose. Medical marijuana poses virtually no overdose risk to patients and is safer than many of the most common treatments for chronic pain."
A&A Packaging is California-based business that specializes in storage containers and products for both patients and medical marijuana businesses. They offer different packaging mediums from pharmaceutical grade plastic, to durable acrylic and glass items meant to keep the patients medicine fresh and safe. Aside from ensuring the patient is receiving their medication properly packaged A&A also focuses on the business aspect by continually adding new items to their collection of accessories. Many successful dispensaries are known for the giveaways they sponsor and that is one of the main reasons why A&A packaging boasts a one stop shop for all medical marijuana dispensary needs. So not only does A&A have all the proper marijuana packaging to stay compliant with state regulations but they also carry the retail items that keep the customers coming back. They are committed to the cause of patients suffering from conditions that medical marijuana can help treat but they also understand that just like the pharmaceutical industry is a business so too is the growing medical marijuana industry.
To learn more about how A&A packaging can help you or your business please call (888)315-2453 or visit their site at
For more on the state of New Jerseys monumental loan please visit.
For the original version on PRWeb visit:Eat Like a Caveman; Don't Cook Like One
Corrina Repp Breaks with the Past
While Portland parents are conferencing about whether to hand out organic, fair-trade chocolate bars or something more mentally enriching—like miniature Origami Kits—to trick-or-treaters this year, I am stressed about how to make a clear distinction between a Stevie Nicks costume and that of your prototypical witch.
Despite my strict childhood diet of spaghetti-os and Rumours on repeat, Stevie Nicks scared the shit out of me. I envisioned Fleetwood Mac as an ill-willed society of devil worshippers with Nicks as its sinewy leader; a growling woman clad in layers of black organza who sang songs about gypsies and witches and chains and never, ever smiled.
I had recurring nightmares in which Nicks was found strangling the hell out of The Little Mermaid (my musical idol at the time) after she sang "Rhiannon" off-key. Which almost totally happened in real life!
Anyways, now that I've finally overcome my fear of the Gold Dust Woman (after a mere 15 years and an hour-long episode of Behind The Music: Fleetwood Mac), I would like to be her for Halloween. But what if people think I'm just a boring witch who parked her broom out back? That's annoying. How does one make it obvious? Do I need a Lindsey Buckingham to beat on? A molehill of cocaine meant to be ingested rectally? Help!When I first arrived back in Australia in Nov 2013 after living and working abroad I decided to do a rather overwhelming clean out. I spent days sorting through clothes, books, papers and ended up with something that didn’t resemble anything like the minimalistic lifestyle I wished to be embarking on. I imagined that I would have a small but useful wardrobe. Books would be pared down to those I loved and wanted to keep, my paperwork would be a sleek, professional efficient system that I could find exactly what I needed in a second.
My mission failed!
Instead what I ended up with was a pared down wardrobe that didn’t have anything I wanted to wear and a box of paperwork tucked under my bed but certainly not organised! In fact if I am brutally honest I was behind in all my paperwork so I basically just hid from it. A year later my wardrobe was overrun and nothing was what I would call my style. I felt cluttered in my mind and in my world. My creativity was being crushed and I began to feel less like writing and doing anything that related to my creative side.
Note during this period I did train for and complete an Ironman triathlon but when it came to the rest of my personal life it was a little less than fantastic!
So what got me back on the declutter the mind mindset! Life Coaching! During the process of my coaching sessions I was able to see that because my space was cluttered my mind was cluttered. I couldn’t see a way forward for the hundreds of items blocking up the creative airways or to be frank, the floor of my bedroom.
Enter a book! Marie Kondo’s “The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying”. Thanks to a recommendation of a friend after bleating on Facebook about feeling overwhelmed by my stuff I began reading Marie’s book with an intensity I hadn’t felt in years! The KonMari Method seemed so drastic yet also very simple. If something doesn’t bring you joy get rid of it! Such a simple message yet over the days that followed it became harder and harder to do!
I love this, oh that I brought in Nepal, this reminds me of a fabulous holiday with my mother and brother. So many reasons not to get rid of ‘things’ and I realised that was my old self cluttering up my airways before I had even finished. Slowly I worked through most of my stuff and as I did the creativity channels opened up. I ended up keeping a note book handy so I could jot down ideas as I continued to work though my belongings.
Has the processed finished? No!
Just as I was really getting into the swing of things I had to return to work. The process of decluttering had caused me to look at my entire world and this lead me to something else! I began considering capsule wardrobes. Having only a certain number of clothes that made up the framework of a stylish, French inspired wardrobe that would mean when I opened the cupboard I would instantly have clothes that I knew suited me and could be either dressed up or down.
Enter Caroline from Un-Fancy. Her wardrobe capsules are 37 pieces in which some are carried over from season to season and don’t include underwear, loungewear and fitness clothes (that is a very good thing for an endurance athlete because I literally have swim, bike, run and gym clothes for all seasons and weather conditions!). Her style is very much how I’d like to look albeit she actually pulls it off!
I was devouring her past blogs and realised this was the simplistic and minimalistic wardrobe I had been craving!
Just as I was fully immersing myself in creating a capsule fit for me, Caroline posted a blog that explained she would be taking time away from the blog. My heart stopped, like actually for a split second stopped and I was almost pissed off that I finally found something that appealed to my clothing persona and it was being taken away from me all too quickly. Thankfully she isn’t deleting her blog so I can go back and refer to different things and not being a fashionista I will need this access!
I’ve now returned home and the KonMari Method has ensured my room is still decluttered and my creative space is in full swing! The wardrobe still needs a little bit of work but I can clearly see my style is finally coming to life! It shall be interesting to see what comes next!
Tell me your decluttering tips!
Blessed Be
Robyn xoxMnay of you know Nicolás Ramallo for his work at El Universal (Caracas, Venezuela) and for his blog, Haga clic para continuar. He has sent a great selection of graphics they are sending this your to Malofiej.
El Universal uses to win some awards every year, almost in the last ones. And they deserve it, as you could see.
They are sending this year 20 features, 1 promotional and 3 one-column infographics to Malofiej. And also a portfolio with some works they did for an special issue fro their 100 anniversary. Those graphics will also be separtae entries on their own categories.
3 comments:
Hey ! Genuinely it’s really possible to earn money online; I really felt that this website is quite impressive and a great idea to earn hundred’s of Dollars daily.
VISIT :
I really admire people who work creating these graphics. I think they take viagra online because they are very patient and creative
I have to admit that this blog is so nice. What a graphics published here!this is an impressive job. Those graphic designers deserve an Oscar!! hahaha ThanksThere is a definitive list of the essential items of clothing that every woman should own: a well-fitting pair of … Read More →
Great Gatsby Fashion Inspiration – Roaring Glam Styles of the 1920’s
The premiere of the new Great Gatsby has inspired us all! 1920’s roaring glam styles are sweeping the fashion world … Read More →
Jewelry Styles at the Royal Wedding
Of course we can’t not talk about the jewelry style seen at the Royal Wedding today. It was not only … Read More →
Gaby’s Bow Earrings
Cute! Cute! And more cute! Have you seen Eve’s Gaby’s Sterling Silver Bow Earrings with Pearl Drop? These cuties are … Read More →
June Babies Love Pearls
For all of those June babies out there, now is the perfect time to treat yourself or someone else! The … Read More →
Pearl Jewelry
Pearl jewelry has always been a classic and timeless addition to any jewelry collection. From stately queens to priceless heirlooms, … Read More →My mother, Anne Leah Bacon, gave birth to a baby while she was living with the Smeads in Bend, Oregon. We believe the baby was a boy and that she named him Dana Clark Bacon. We have no information on the birth-father. We believe the baby was born in the fall of 1954 but are not positive. This person has three sisters and three brothers and we want to find you! If you can offer any information, please email me: vtcrafter@aol.com. We are also trying to find out the first names of the Smeads. They had three girls, Shelley, Lori, and Delorie Ann. Delorie Ann Smead was born around the same time as my sibling would have been. Thank you!By Linda D. KozarynAmerican Forces Press Service
WASHINGTON, April 15, 1999 Army Col. Phillip J. Gick will face the transportation challenge of a lifetime during NATO's 50th anniversary summit here April 23 to 25.
More than 1,700 delegates from NATO's 19 member nations and 24 Partnership for Peace nations are expected to attend the summit hosted by President Clinton. Delegations will include heads of state, foreign and defense ministers, and uniformed chiefs of defense. About 3,000 international media representatives are also registered to attend the three-day conference.
A commemorative ceremony marking the 50th anniversary will be held April 23. Then, in the course of the next two days, the delegates will hold formal meetings.
It's Gick's job as transportation coordinator to move delegates and staff from their hotels to the meetings and other conference events. His biggest single challenge is Saturday night, when he has to get up to 800 people -- heads of state, foreign ministers and other international dignitaries -- to the White House for a dinner hosted by the president.
And if that's not enough to cause motor pool nightmares, Gick also has to move 900 senior foreign delegates and nearly 300 international press to a reception at the National Press Building Museum the same night. Gick's routing schedule is further complicated by the fact that the 2,000 or so guests have to be picked up and returned to more than 20 hotels in downtown Washington.
The colonel says he's got the situation under control. He just needs a little help from a whole battalion of soldiers from Fort Eustis, Va., the District of Columbia National Guard and a fleet of about 600 limousines, sedans, minivans and buses. Asked how he plans to make it all work, the colonel calmly replied, "You take a little bite at a time. Sometimes it's a case of getting people to agree to go sooner or later, then you can use the same assets to make another movement at a different time."
For several months, Gick and other military specialists on the State Department's NATO Summit Staff have been preparing for what will be Washington's largest international event to date. Led by Army Maj. Gen. Joseph Garrett III, a 40-member military team has worked with 50 State Department and U.S. Information Agency officials to plan all aspects of the summit.
The State Department was designated the lead agency for the event, but DoD is playing "a full and collaborative role in providing support," said Garrett, deputy director of the summit staff. During the summit, the military will be providing support in three principal areas: ceremonial, transportation and security, Garrett said.
Military units will participate in the main commemorative ceremony April 23, with honor cordons welcoming arriving dignitaries and social events at the White House and other venues, he said. "With 44 international delegations coming into town, just keeping track of all the flags will be a busy chore."
The Defense Department is in charge of ground transportation for the summit, Garrett said. The District of Columbia National Guard Armory will serve as operations center for about 600 vehicles and 500 personnel, mainly soldiers from 6th Battalion, 7th Transportation Command, Fort Eustis, Va. "A planning team from 7th Transportation Group has been working with us since first of the year," he said.
Military transport will service the areas four major area airports, Dulles International and Reagan National in Virginia, and Baltimore-Washington International and Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. Along with providing motorcades for senior officials, military transportation specialists will run shuttle service for delegates, staff and media each day from early morning until about 8 p.m.
DoD is also providing essential security support, Garrett said. "We have the protective service mission for the ministers of defense and chiefs of defense that will be here," he said. "In addition, DoD works with other federal security agencies to provide appropriate contingency support during an event of this magnitude." Agents of the military criminal investigative services, explosive ordnance disposal teams, chemical-biological specialists and medical specialists will also be on hand.
Garrett said planning for the event has involved NATO, the District of Columbia, the White House, National Security Agency, Secret Service, FBI and other major law enforcement agencies. "Although the president is the host of this event, it still is a NATO event," Garrett said. "The secretary-general and his staff have a lot of say in how the summit gets put together and what we do." Although the American planners basically started with a blank sheet of paper, he said, they've had good support from the alliance which frequently holds large-scale international meetings.
About 25 percent of Garrett's joint-service planning team is from the reserve components. "We have military representation in every element of the planning staff from accommodations to telecommunications, to protocol to events," he said. "The military is very adaptable and fits in well. The services have sent us a lot of bright, creative folks, and we've tackled some tough problems and come up with some real good solutions."
The treaty forming the North Atlantic Treaty Organization was signed at the Mellon Auditorium here in April 1949. An Air Force architect, Maj. Catherine Fairlie is the DoD site officer preparing the Auditorium for the summit. She said she had to consider the needs of the delegates, security officials and the media.
Built in 1935, the "grand, historic building," she said, had to be updated to accommodate high-intensity lights, cameras, audio and infrared translation equipment and other special summit needs.
On April 23, the Mellon has to have auditorium seating for the anniversary ceremony. The next morning, the site must be ready for the 19-member North Atlantic Council meeting and the next day for the 44-member Euro-Atlantic Partnership meeting. Twenty languages will be translated into two -- English and French, Fairlie noted.
"Our job is to ensure the Mellon is at its optimum -- aesthetically and architecturally -- so we can host the NATO leadership," she said. "We're designing a table for the 44 countries. The different plenary sessions have different numbers of people around the table, so we had to design a table that could accommodate the changes."
Contractors readied the lobby to display the original NATO peace treaty and interior decorators restored a 1930s reception room. "We were able to furnish the rooms with leased-antique replicas, tapestries and artwork," Fairlie said.
A Marine Corps facility engineer, Lt. Col. Andrew Campbell, has spent the past few months making office space for NATO's 44 international delegations by overhauling the Old Customs Building here. The 1930s-vintage building had already been slated for a new tenant, the Environmental Protection Agency, so Campbell and crew were just renovating it early.
"We literally had to bring the building back on line to restore steam heat, water, lights, safety services and to bring it up to a state of industrial hygiene that would be acceptable to everybody," Campbell said. "Our effort is to make the building as presentable as we can. It is an inherently attractive building, but it's tired. There's a lot of art deco and there's a lot of really creative use of stone and brass and stainless steel."
The project called for painting walls and ceilings, installing new carpet, knocking down interior walls, adding more electrical outlets and stocking furniture for more than 220 offices, he said. "We have a courtyard in the middle of the building that's going to be completely refurbished with flowering plants for the April summit.
"We've had five months to bring in all the furniture and equipment," Campbell said. "We'll have five days to take it all out because we have to turn the building back to the contractors for the modernization. There's a severe penalty if we're late."
Campbell said he's enjoying the hands-on assignment. "It's not an in-basket, out-basket routine like I'm used to in a headquarters environment," he said. "It's been kind of fun getting dusty and to see the progress on the building. There's no theory here. This is not policy. This is hands-on facility maintenance and building restoration. It's working with GSA, DoD, Department of State, and then the various contractors. It's challenging, but also enormously rewarding work."About Beryllium
icates was completed in 1789 by the chemist Louis Vauquelin, to whom credit is given for the discovery of this element. Editors of the journal in which he published his findings favored the name “glucine” for the element due to the sweet taste of some of its compounds. However, the name suggested by Friderich Wohler, who became the first to isolate the pure metallic form of the element in 1828, was the one that ultimately became official.
Beryllium is an extremely lightweight metal that is brittle at room temperature but also extremely hard. Occupying the the fourth spot on the periodic table, beryllium heads the alkaline earth group of metals that includes calcium and magnesium and is the lightest of all metals except for lithium. High thermal conductivity, heat capacity, and melting point (the highest of the so-called “light metals”) make beryllium a useful industrial metal, especially because its alloys are tough, stiff, and lightweight. Beryllium-copper in particular (also known as beryllium bronze) conducts electricity and heat almost as well as pure copper but is harder, stronger, and more corrosion-resistant than other copper-based alloys. Beryllium-copper has been used in multiple capacities ranging from electrical contacts in high-performance circuit boards, automobile and aircraft parts, oil and gas drilling equipment, and radar systems. It also has the unusual ability to be struck without giving off sparks, making it useful in tools and equipment in high-temperature, explosive environments such as rocket manufacturing facilities. Other alloys include nickel-beryllium, a high-strength precipitation hardenable alloy, and aluminum-beryllium, three times as stiff and twenty-five times lighter than aluminum, used in helicopters and satellite guidance systems.
Outside of use as an alloying agent, beryllium is primarily valued for its nuclear and electronic properties. Due to its low atomic mass and density, beryllium is largely transparent to X-rays and remains stable under neutron bombardment. It is frequently used as a window or coating for x-ray tubes, and ultrathin beryllium foil is used in x-ray lithography. It also has various functions in the production of nuclear fuels and the construction of nuclear reactors. In electronic devices, beryllium serves as a p-type dopant in III-V compound semiconductors, and can also be used as both a structural support and heat sink for printed circuit boards. Frequently, a composite of beryllium and beryllium oxide is used for this purpose.
Beryllium oxide is a particularly notable as a compound as it is both an electrical insulator and a good thermal conductor, and additionally exhibits strength, hardness, and a high melting point. These properties lend it to a variety of uses as a refractory ceramic; it is found as sintered crucibles and bricks, and also as a heat sink in many electronics.
Beryllium and its compounds are toxic when ingested, as the element can substitute for its neighbor on the periodic table, magnesium, in essential enzymes, causing dysfunction. However, beryllium is poorly absorbed through the skin and the digestive tract, so beryllium poisoning by those routes is rare. The largest real safety concern with beryllium is inhalation of dust containing the element. The dust is an irritant, and can cause either acute lung ailments or a chronic lung disease called berylliosis, depending on the dose and time course of exposure. Acute overexposure is relatively rare, but chronic beryllium disease is a major health concern, as even very low levels can cause significant harm after years of exposure. Current guidelines suggest keeping airborne beryllium exposure to “the lowest feasible level” at all times. Beryllium was once widely used in the production of fluorescent lighting, but this use has been discontinued as the exposure of workers to beryllium was too high.
Beryllium is not found in large quantities as a few element, but is a component of many naturally occurring minerals. These minerals occur only rarely in significant exploitable deposits, and both this and the expense of extracting the element from ore contribute to its high cost..
Beryllium’s high affinity for oxygen at high temperatures, along with its ability to reduce water, make it difficult to extract from its mineral forms. There are two processes currently in use to accomplish this—in the melt method, beryl is ground into a powder and heated to 3000F. It is then cooled and reheated with acid, producing beryllium sulfate, and treated with ammonia to produce beryllium hydroxide. In the sintering method, beryl is sintered at 1420F with sodium fluorosilicate and soda, producing sodium fluoroberyllate. This produce is water soluble, and adding sodium hydroxide to a solution of fluroberyllate produces beryllium hydroxide. Beryllium hydroxide obtained by either method can be converted to either the fluoride or the chloride, which may be used directly or converted to the pure metal.
Due to the complexity of this process, recycling beryllium alloys and scrap is substantially more energy efficient than producing new metal from ore. It is estimated that currently 20-25% of beryllium used annually is recycled, and the introduction of new recycling programs in recent years suggests that this number may rise in the near future.
- Ammonium Beryllium Fluoride
- Beryllium Acetate
- Beryllium Acetate Basic
- Beryllium Acetate Solution
- Beryllium Aluminate
- Beryllium Boride Be2B
- Beryllium Boride Be4B
- Beryllium Boride BeB2
- Beryllium Boride BeB6
- Beryllium Borohydride
- Beryllium Bromide
- Beryllium Carbide
- Beryllium Carbonate
- Beryllium Chloride
- Beryllium Chloride Solution
- Beryllium Fluoride
- Beryllium Hydroxide
- Beryllium Balls
- Beryllium Bands
- Beryllium Bars
- Beryllium Bits
- Beryllium Board
- Beryllium Briquette
- Beryllium Capsules
- Beryllium Coil
- Beryllium Coins
- Beryllium Concentrate
- Beryllium Disc
- Beryllium Dust
- Beryllium Flake
- Beryllium Flanges
- Beryllium Foil
- Beryllium Fragments
- Beryllium Grain
- Beryllium Granules
- Beryllium Grids
- Beryllium Ingot
- Beryllium Lump
- Beryllium Mesh
- Beryllium Metal
- Beryllium Microfoil
- Beryllium Microleaf
- Beryllium Nugget
- Beryllium Parts
- Beryllium Particles
- Beryllium Pebbles
- Beryllium Pellets
- Beryllium Pieces
- Beryllium Pills
- Beryllium Plates
- Beryllium Powder
- Beryllium Precipitate
- Beryllium Prism
- Beryllium Puck
- Beryllium Residue
Beryllium is a fairly soft metal that is brittle yet strong. It is used as a coating on X-ray tubes because it is transparent to the X-ray range. It also has military and nuclear industry applications.
Beryllium is available as metal and compounds with purities from 99% to 99.999% (ACS grade to ultra-high purity).
Elemental or metallic forms include pellets, rod, wire and granules for evaporation source material purposes. Beryllium oxide is an insoluble source of beryllium available in powder and dense pellet form for such uses as optical coating and thin film applications. Beryllium fluoride is another insoluble form for uses in which oxygen is undesirable such as metallurgy, chemical and physical vapor deposition and in some optical coatings. Beryllium is also available in soluble forms including chlorides, nitrates and acetates. These compounds can be manufactured as solutions at specified stoichiometries.
Beryllium Properties
Beryllium is a Block S, Group 2, Period 2 element. The number of electrons in each of Beryllium's shells is 2, 2 and its electron configuration is [He] 2s2.
The beryllium atom has a radius of 112.pm and its Van der Waals radius is 153.pm. In its elemental form, CAS 7440-41-7, beryllium has a white-gray metallic appearance.
The most common source for commercial production of Beryllium is beryl, a barium aluminosilcate mineral. Beryllium is also found in bertrandite (Be4Si2O7(OH)2), chrysoberyl (Al2BeO4) and phenakite (Be2SiO4). Beryllium was discovered by Louis Nicolas Vauquelin in 1797. It was first isolated by Friedrich Wöhler & Antoine Bussy in 1828. The origin of the name Beryllium comes from the Greek word 'beryllos' meaning beryl.
Health, Safety & Transportation Information for Beryllium
Beryllium and its salts are toxic as well as carcinogenic. Safety data for Beryll.
Beryllium Isotopes
Beryllium has one stable isotope: 9Be.I recently had recessed lighting installed throughout my home. The lights in the living room won't dim sufficiently, even though the bulbs are dimming recessed lightbulbs. They only dim a tiny bit, and the lowest level is still quite bright. The electrician tried adjusting a control on the switch, but now the lights are just dim all the time. What can I do?
It sounds like you're maybe dealing with LED bulbs. LED bulbs are great energy savers, but they don’t have the dimming range of incandescent bulbs.
Install a Lutron dimmer. Lutron dimmers feature a range control that can adjust to the lowest and highest lighting levels, and also avoid conditions like flicker that are common with mixed sets of lights. You may be able to install this dimmer yourself if you’re familiar with electrical wiring, or you can also take advantage of Lutron’s 1800 number. They offer tech support that can help walk you through the installation process.Answer by: Tom Kraeutler.
Jimmy Lewis - Destroyer Surfboard
Regular Price: $898.95
$798.95
Global Surf Industries - 8'0'' 7S Superfish II X2 Surfboard$744.95
Torq Surfboards 8'0'' Torq Mini Longboard - Blue Fade$479.95
Bing Surfboards - 8'0'' Cleanline Mini Longboard - Gloss Polish$798.95
Torq Surfboards - 8'0'' Torq Mini Longboard - Seagreen$479.95
Softech Surfboards - 8'0'' Handshaped Softtop Surfboard$329.95
Global Surf Industries - 8'0'' Walden Mega Magic SLX Surfboard$924.95
Firewire Surfboards - Flexflight TimberTek$809.95
Torq Surfboards 8'0'' Torq Mini Longboard - Yellow/Blue$489.95
Bing Surfboards - 8'0'' Cleanline Mini Longboard - Sanded Matte$698.95
Cort Gion Surfboards - USED 8'0" Cort Gion Thruster$368.95
Torq Surfboards 8'0'' Torq Mini Longboard - Pinline$454.95
Mike Perry Surfboards - USED 8'0 70's Pintail$849.95
Stewart Surfboards - 8'0'' Funboard Comp Surfboard - Green Swirl$878.95
Jimmy Lewis Surfboards - USED 8'0'' Destroyer Surfboard
Regular Price: $698.95
$648.95Add Tracks to GarageBand Projects on Your MacBook
GarageBand ’11 includes a Songwriting project (also available from the top-level New Project dialog). When you choose the Songwriting project, GarageBand presents you with a full set of four instrument tracks, plus a real instrument track for your voice. You’re instantly ready to start adding loops and recording your own voice!
You might notice two problems with your GarageBand window:
There’s no keyboard. You can record the contents of a software instrument track by playing the keyboard, clicking the keys with your trackpad. (As you might imagine, this isn't the best solution.)
If you’re a musician, the best method of recording your own notes is with a MIDI instrument. For now, you can display the keyboard window by pressing Command+K. If the keyboard window is on the screen and you don’t need it, banish the window by clicking the Close button.
Even if you’re not interested in the point-and-click keyboard, GarageBand offers a musical typing keyboard, where you press the keys on your keyboard to simulate the keys on a musical keyboard. To display the musical typing keyboard window, press Shift+Command+K.
The example song has only one track. If you want to write the next classical masterpiece for Grand Piano, that’s fine. Otherwise, on the GarageBand menu bar, choose Track→Delete Track to start with a clean slate.
These are the five kinds of tracks you can use in GarageBand ’11:
Software instrument tracks: These tracks aren’t audio recordings. Rather, they’re mathematically precise algorithms that your Mac renders (or builds) to fit your needs. If you have a MIDI instrument connected to your Mac,, which allows you to use one of five different amplifiers and a number of stompboxes (those effect pedals that guitarists are always poking with their foot to change the sound of their instruments).
Podcast artwork track: You get only one of these; they hold photos that will appear on a video-capable iPod, iPhone, or iPad (or a window on your iWeb site) when your podcast is playing.
Video tracks: The video sound track appears if you’re scoring (adding music) to an iMovie movie. Along with the video sound track, you get a cool companion video track that shows the clips in your movie.
To add a software instrument track of your very own, follow these steps:
Click the New Track button (which carries a plus sign).
GarageBand displays the New Track dialog.
Click the Software Instrument icon and then click Create.
See all those great instruments in the Track Info pane on the right?
Choose the general instrument category by clicking it.
From the right column, choose your specific style of weapon, such as Rock Kit for an arena sound.
If you’re creating a podcast and you want to add a series of still images that will appear on a device’s screen (or on your iWeb.!
So I had a post on making tortillas all ready and all I needed to do was add photos...what do you think happened! Our power went out! Damn heat! Well tomorrow it is to be cooler so Yeah!
I make my tortillas using a conventional maker most of the time but every now and again switch
it out ...for today's session, let's do them without the maker:
2 cups masa harina
1 1/2 cups water
In a large bowl, combine the masa harina with the water and stir until moistened. On a sheet of plastic wrap, roll the tortilla dough into an 8-inch log and cut the log into 16 pieces. Roll each piece into a ball, transfer to a large plate and cover loosely with plastic wrap.
Heat a griddle until very hot. Line a wide, shallow bowl with a clean kitchen towel. Cut a sturdy, resealable plastic bag at the seams. Set 1 ball of dough between the sheets of plastic. Using a tortilla press, a skillet or a rolling pin, flatten the tortilla to a 5-inch round. Peel off the plastic and set the tortilla on the hot griddle.
Cook the tortilla over high heat until lightly browned in spots, about 1 minute. Flip and cook about 30 seconds longer. Wrap the cooked tortilla in the towel. Press, cook and wrap the remaining balls of dough, keeping the stack of tortillas covered. Serve the tortillas warm and wrap them around your fav ingredients. The uncooked tortillas can be stacked between layers of wax paper and stored in a plastic bag in the refrigerator overnight. They can also be frozen for up to 1 month. Cook without thawing.
I also sometimes add a little Earth Balance with the masa... makes it really tasty!
Southwestern food is great but if you don't have a great salsa to spice it up, you have missed the mark. For today's post we are talking salsa -- it can be hot or mild, sweet, smokey or tangy. The sky is the limit!
Now you can do a basic pico de gallo --that is merely a dice of your salsa ingredients (tomato, onion, jalopeno, cilantro, garlic, salt and pepper) but I prefer to bring on the flavors and totally kick up my dishes with fresh salsas.
Here are a few that rock my world:
The Basic:
5 plum tomatoes, diced
1/2 red onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
1 roasted jalapeno pepper, minced
Dash of chili powder, salt and pepper
Juice of 1 lime
3 tsp minced cilantro
Combine and mix. This is the key to salsa -- allow the flavors to bulid up - so refrigerate 12-24 hours.
How about some Spicy Mango -
Process 2 mangos, juice of 2 limes, 1/4 red onion, 1 seeded roasted habanero pepper (wear gloves!), 2 cloves garlic, 2 tomatoes, 3 tbsp raw sugar and 1 bunch cilantro- season with salt and pepper.
You can exchange the mango for peach, apricot...even plum. Just think stone fruit and it is good! If you don't like it so spicy, change out the peppers too!
Tex Mex:
1/2 cup minced cilantro
1 can black beans, drained and washed
4 tomatoes, diced
1/4 cup white vinegar
1/8 cup olive oil
2 tsp chili powder
2 tsp cumin powder
1 tsp each salt and pepper
Juice of 3 limes
Combine and allow flavors to meld. This is a very tame salsa so if you like it hotter, add peppers.
How about a green salsa or verde -- these are generally considered milder but it is all according to what peppers you add. What makes it green is tomatillos -such a robust tangy sweet flavor! Here is my go to:
6 medium tomatillas, roasted, diced
2 serrano peppers, diced
1/2 cup minced cilantro
1/4 cup chopped onion
Salt
I like to process the whole batch into a rough pulse and then let it rest 24-48 hours. So good!
Tomorrow we'll be making tortillas...heh guys, it is easier then you think!
Owner & Chef , Vegan Feast Catering Company
Recent CommentsGrowing Up Groovy
What it was like to live thru the 70's & 80's
Indeed, the best years to have been a kid or teenager, was definitely during the 70's & 80's. Now I know some will say things like, "What about the Vietnam War or what about drugs?" Well first off, not everyone back then did drugs, even though your history teacher would like to have you believe it to be so. As for the Vietnam War, well most of it was beginning to wind down, and by 1974-75, the Draft had just about ended.
So I suppose what I am referring to was the average youth back then, who grew up between 1969 and 1989. When you could feel free to do what you wanted to do. You may have had only 3 major television networks, and 3 local TV stations and PBS to sit and watch, but there was always something interesting, funny, suspenseful, mysterious, scary, romantic, momentous, and/or amazing to watch on TV. Nowadays you've got some 700 satellite or cable channels to sit through, and it's nothing but crapâ€¦either that, or things that are truly stupid and/or boring, like 24 hours of infomercials. Sad but true.
Back then you could eat whatever you wanted. Cereal, for a mid day snack? Not a problem. Nowadays we've got the Food-Nazi's, telling you what you can buy, eat, or drink, and also how much of it, if any, you can have, at any one time, if ever. Our generation had common sense though, we may have eaten a greasy cheeseburger once in awhile, with French fries that were deep-fried in peanut oil, and we even downed it all with an ice-cold bottle of Coca-Cola, the real deal mind you, not the new classic version of it, which still doesn't taste exactly like the original one didâ€¦plus add a Hostess Cupcake or Fruit Pie in there for a dessert. Later, we'd go outside to playâ€¦thereby effectively keeping in shape. However if we had friends who were just a bit overweight, or as our parents called it back thenâ€¦being husky built, we all knew that it was only baby fat and would eventually come off, by the time we all got into high school.
Another thing we'd do to keep fit, was to go for walks and/or ride our bicyclesâ€¦you remember, the ones with the old elongated banana seats, orange traffic flagpoles on the back of your bicycle (apparently so we could be seen while riding along the freeways and highways or so our parents thought at least), reflectors everywhere, for girlsâ€¦a basket on the front handlebars, and for the boysâ€¦you put playing cards in the spokes of your wheels, so that your bicycle sounded more like a motorcycle, yeah that's it alright.
In the evening, you may have laced up your roller skatesâ€¦if you had any, and headed out to the local roller rink, while skating to the sounds of ABBA, The Bee Gees, Peter Frampton, Donna Summers, Earth-Wind & Fire, and KISSâ€¦or you could hop on a friend's skateboard, provided you asked them nicely, or traded with them, with something you had, just for the chance of riding it, even if only for a short time. Sometimes we'd save up some change, and head to the nearest arcade on foot, or on our bikes, just to play a few games of Air Hockey, Pinball, or maybe that new kool video game, that everybody keeps talking about, the gameâ€¦known only asâ€¦Pong.
Oh, and for the younger people of today, although we had no cell phones, computers, laptops, IPods, IPads, Blackberrys, XBoxes, Nintendos, Playstations, or Wii'sâ€¦we still found a way to have fun, talk to one another (in person, whoa!), and keep in touch with relatives far away with a pen and a piece of paper, an ancient form of communication, which we used to refer to as writing letters.
Going to say maybe a carnival or county fair, getting to go on rides, eating cotton candy, and trying to knock down all the bottles of a Ball Toss Game, just so you could win your new girlfriend a stuffed teddy bear, may not seemed like much to the kids of today's generation, but it was a feat of almost superhuman skill, when you told it to all of your friends, as you went back to school after summer vacation.
Trading baseball cards, comic books, and even recordsâ€¦you know, those shiny black vinyl things, that your parents listen to on rare occasions, or maybe an 8-track tape, was before the advent of CraigList, E-Bay, Amazon.com, or the internet in general, for getting something you wanted, by way of sharing or trading.
Oh and FYI (for your information) just cause we grew up in the 70's, didn't mean we were lazy in the least. Part of the thing back then, that most of us youngsters used to do, in order to earn a little spending money, and this you may want to write down and take notes on for your history classes, was to actually go out, and earn it, through some kind of work, i.e., selling newspapers, painting houses and/or wooden fences, washing and grooming other people's pets, mowing lawns, washing cars, babysitting, bake sales, recycling newspapers, and cans, or glass bottles, just to name but a few ways.
Saturday Mornings were special for a kid or teenager back then. It was a day of rest and relaxation, but mostly it was a day to be entertained, and to just enjoy being young. There were cartoons, kids shows, dance shows, the latest toy commercials, sporting events, and the Saturday Night Movie Of The Week. However, cartoons did rule the most during early morning hours.
Parents never had to fight with kids to wake up or get upâ€¦because we were already wide awake, watching our favorite toons. Some of us even learned a little bit of education while sitting and watching the likes of: Time For Timer, Schoolhouse Rock!, Louie The Lifeguard, Smokey The Bear, Iron Eyes Cody (The Crying Indian), Woodsy Owl, McGruff the Crime Dog, and many more too. Why even many of the kids shows and cartoons, had some moral lessons in them, that you could learn from, back then.
Oh and who needed HBO, Showtime, and Cinemax, when you could just turn on the television and see the movies of the week, for free, on any of the 3 main networks.
Parents usually made more time for their families back then too it seems. My dad, who was in the Air Force, worked from 6am till about 4 or 5pm, Monday thru Friday, then came home, and still have the energy to play a game of catch with the old baseball, or football. My mom worked too, but she would come home, sew some clothes, make dinner, and if that wasn't enough, she would break out the old Monopoly Game, or maybe pop some popcorn so we could sit in, and watch a movie on the tube.
Most of us had chores to do, which there was no pay for, but we did it, because that's how things was back then. My chores included mowing our own front and back yards, raking up the leaves, washing my parent's old station-wagon, cleaning up my own room, washing my own laundry, and once in a while, cleaning up the garage. My wife on the other hand, says that her chores were to do the dishes, do all of the laundry, as well as helping her mom make dinner or set the table.
It seems that moms then, wanted the dinner room to look as presentable as possible, i.e., placemats, plates, bowls, utensils, glassware, napkins, tablecloths, and potholders, with everything in it's place...and that's just for a typical dinner. Thanksgiving Dinners, Christmas Dinners, and or Easter Dinners was truly something to behold, why you'd have thought that the President, the Pope, and the Queen of England would all be showing up at the house, from the way it would look then, and heaven help you if you ate with your elbows on the table then.
Anyhow getting back to the subject matter at hand, the 70's & 80's were still the best of times as far as my wife and I, are concerned. All of the best singers, bands, and getting to go to those concerts that you saved up for, was simply too kool to put into words. Or if you were a kid, seeing the Good Humor or Ice Cream Truck show up in your neighborhood was one of the more thrilling things to see and hear. Looking at all of the selections they had on the truck, and figuring if you had just enough change saved up to buy something truly delicious.
Anybody had those Bookmobiles show up to your street, before your town could afford it's own library? We did.
Once in awhile the bloodmobile came by too, to see if you'd care to give a pint of your own blood, to the local Red Cross Center or Hospital.
Remember having a typical backyard barbeque, dad getting the grill going, while mom opened up the packs of hot dogs, and seasoning the hamburger, to make into patties? Can anyone say, mmm mmm good?
As a kid, summertime meant also playing with water-balloons, water pistols, the lawn sprinkler, or even just the old water-hose, and having a blast getting wet, especially on a hot summer afternoon. Things maybe weren't completely perfect, but they were as close as you could get, in those two decades.
Sure we had the Cold War with Russia and Chinaâ€¦we were the good guys, and they were the bad guys. Don't believe me? Look up, and watch the 1980 Winter Olympics, especially the hockey events, and the game between the USA and the USSR. It didn't get any better than that, and if you didn't shed a tear when our side won, or cheered your lungs out when team USA did the impossible, you weren't alive back then.
I know that none of us can go back in time, but that's what our memories, old photographs and family albums, and websites like this one, are all for...to let us all remember where we were, when it all was happening.
Well time for me, to get back, to the time at hand nowâ€¦especially now that my daughter is wanting me to help her with her homework, my wife is asking me what I'd like for supper, and my dog is asking me to take her out to play in the yard. So I'll just say, "Later gators, and stay hip, groovy, and always rememberâ€¦you can only be, with the IN crowdâ€¦so long as you're willing to be SO FAR OUT there." Think on that awhile.
Log in to comment on or rate this article. You can even write your own!
tknbydeb Posted 4 years 1 month agoThe Heat Movie Download
The Heat DownloadIt takes Melissa Pol and Sandra Cows any experience to fresh to apiece separate in this buddy-cop comedy but when they do, they present a convey of the comedy that made supervisor Saul Feig's old cinema, Bridesmaids, so hilarious.
As far as cop comedies go, The Emotionalism doesn't mortal an novel presuppose to succeed with. In fact the exclusive object new is the comment that Sandra Bullock in a two of flier glasses looks a lot similar Michael General - seriously, it's uncanny.
Otherwise, we're in common region, with an uptight FBI functionary and individualist (Cattle) and a smart enterprising cop (Writer), who demand to effort a way to operate together to evidence eat a ingest lord in Boston.
The girls pass the confront of the pic bickering, but when it becomes apparent they can no longer trait anyone in their units, they go rogue and they're a lot solon fun working unitedly.
Any of the laughs originate from unannounced places, specified as Clocksmith F Wilson, whose localized law officer - an albino with a utmost, squeaky vocalize and ungoverned emotions - is a undignified, uproarious scene-stealer.
The Modify fluctuates between negroid comedy, feel-good comedy and production medium, and doesn't fall comfortably in any style during its yearlong duration.
In a summer film mollify that's been , a Melissa McCarthy-Sandra Kine buddy-cop comedy sounds equivalent a recognise difference of gait. Add in the fact that this movie is Saul Feig's follow-up to Bridesmaids, and you human something especially engrossing.
Asymptomatic, not to magnify things, but every added comedy this summer had outstrip see out. Because The Alter? Is on.
Paid respect to its style roots, The Energy opens with a resilient '70s-cop-show accomplishment film, and follows it by twice mastering the vanishing art of the economical testimonial launching; in conscionable a few truncate minutes, it proves itself as deft as symmetrical the likes of Lethal Persuasion at nailing set just who these two wildly variant characters are.
Cattle plays FBI businessperson Wife Ashburn, a straitlaced athlete who schools every opposite factor at the surround of a dose bout, and is the exclusive one stupefied when her projection (Demian Bichir) delays a practical packaging, pointing out that basically no one likes her. Moral at her job to the characteristic of hauteur, Ashburn needs to show she can jest asymptomatic with others, so she's sent to Boston to play a slip involving a ingest cartel run by a insubstantial integer celebrated in a nutshell: Two polar-opposite cops - one a straight-laced FBI medicament Sarah Ashburn (Sandra Oxen), the another a foul-mouthed Beantown detective Shannon Mullins (Melissa McCarthy) - are unnatural to group up to chance and transport hair a consume baronage.
The patch isn't awing but let's face it, that's not what this film is all about. Directed by Saint Fieg who also directed Bridesmaids, this peruse is all active the Kine and Writer squad. Don't conceive you'll be rolling off your set happy Bridesmaids-style, because you won't. But The Heat Movie Download--the relation between the uptight, spanx-wearing, unwanted FBI bourgeois (who wears THE most plaguey bobby pin in her cloth) and the big, face, fashion human of a anaesthetic policeman conjures statesman than a few giggles.You can pretty some lick what happens. The two laughingstock heads. They dustup, quarrel and get boozed unitedly until they embellish besties. But it's the one-liners along the way (mostly from Politico) that sort this movie so watchable. "Are you ok? You care a less blanch?", her reference asks a antifeminist albino cop. Had to LOL at that.
If you're not big on drunken sailor-style commitment or spurting gore, this isn't the throw for you. There is a LOT of both (including a unskilled surgery, not pretty). But they're both indispensable components to act the pic what it is - a light-hearted, fun, easy-to-watch cop comedy.
It's not deed to win an Oscar but hey, Sandra's already got one of those. Couturier a surveillance!the heatImage Unavailable
Colour:
Cost was just £7·50 plus a bit for postage,came sealed and within timescale ,fantastic.Published 7 months ago by Mr Nigel Grant
This is the box set that Magnum fans have been waiting for. Sure there have been compilation albums over the years that have covered different eras of the bands development but up... Read morePublished on 22 Jan. 2011 by Back Street Kid
As a fan of the band (not so much these days) since 1988, i was interested in this box set solely for Disc 5, the live CD. Read morePublished on 13 Jan. 2011 by Lee SuffolkM&M World from outside in times SquareROH Announce Ladder War V Between Adam Cole & Jay Briscoe For Supercard Of Honor
- Ring of Honor have revealed ahead of time, that Adam Cole and Jay Briscoe will meet on Friday, April 4 in New Orleans, Louisiana during WrestleMania Weekend, at Supercard of Honor VIII, to determine once and for all who is the real ROH World Champion in a Ladder War.
Adam Cole and Jay Briscoe’s feud started almost a year ago at Border Wars, when following a defeat at the hands of Briscoe for the ROH World Championship, Adam Cole threatened to Superkick him from behind. When Briscoe turned around Cole opted not to do it, restraining himself and exiting the ring, Briscoe stating it was the best decision he’d ever made because he did not want to cross him.
In the proceeding months Jay Briscoe would be stripped of the ROH World Championship due to injury, legitimately suffering a separated shoulder at the hands of Rhino in a brawl during the SCUM angle before he’d won the ROH World Championship from Kevin Steen at last years Supercard of Honor. Briscoe put off rehabilitation until the summer when he took a leave of absence, leading to rumors that he and brother Mark had left the company when it turned out that hadn’t been the case.
Adam would would be entered into the ROH World Title Tournament which he would emerge victorious from at Death Before Dishonor XII, defeating Michael Elgin in the final. ROH began running videos looking at Jay Briscoe slowly becoming more unhinged, refusing to acknowledge that he was no longer the ROH World Champion. When asked to return the title belt to the winner of the tournament, Briscoe said he would only do it if the winner won like a man; Cole won every round clean, and Briscoe stayed true to his word.
However, after handing Cole the title, Jay turned around to leave the ring, and the new ROH World Champion seized the moment by Superkicking Jay Briscoe in the back of the head in the exact same position he had threatened to do five months prior at Border Wars.
Jay Briscoe vowed revenge, interrupting ROH shows and attacking Cole, before being temporarily banned by ROH COO Joe Koff until he had been medically cleared by doctors to compete. Before Glory by Honor in October, Briscoe would be cleared in a video featured on Ring of Honor’s YouTube channel, leading into the event, where after Michael Elgin had pinned Adam Cole to earn a shot at Final Battle for the ROH World Championship during the Champions vs. All Stars eight man tag team main event, Jay Briscoe emerged with a sack. Briscoe would strike both Elgin and Cole before revealing his own customized World title, stating he was the “Real World Champion”.
Ever since this Jay Briscoe has been out to prove he is the “Real ROH World Champion”, issuing open challenges with the unrecognized title on the line, even defending it against Cole last month at State of the Art in San Antonio, TX, where he emerged victorious. Now Briscoe and Cole will end their rivalry in one of ROH’s most notable matches, Ladder War, the fifth of its kind in the company and the first since Kevin Steen defeated El Generico at Final Battle 2012 to retain the ROH World Championship.
Supercard of Honor VII takes place on Friday, April 4 and Saturday, April 5 during WrestleMania Weekend in New Orleans, Louisiana from the Alario Center, Westwego, LA.Virgin Money and Lord Levene’s NBNK are among parties to have expressed interest in buying 632 branches from Lloyds Banking Group.
Sources close to the auction said yesterday that a “handful” of players had submitted documents by yesterday’s deadline for initial bids.
Lloyds will give some of them access to its data room, before formal offers are due by the end of August.
There was a view last night that Lloyds had not received as many initial bids as it had hoped, after it sent its information memorandum to about ten possible buyers, including Clive Cowdery’s Resolution, the Co-operative, Spain’sArticles Tagged D'Vario Montgomery
Bundrage, Lazard, Montgomery: "The sky's our limit"
Talented trio at wide receiver expected to bring much-needed explosiveness to an offense that averaged just 23.2 points per game last seasonBy Rob Gray, Senior Writer in Football.
MAILBAG: The plan for hoops recruiting, next year’s schedule
Our publisher answers questions about the upcoming offseason.By Chris Williams, Publisher in Men's Basketball.
CFTV: Tommy Mangino gives an update on the wide receivers
ISU's wide receivers coach gives a spring progress report.By Jared Stansbury, Intern in Football.
RHOADS: Staying cautious with Cotton-Moya, Montgomery had surgery
Cotton-Moya, who was hospitalized two weeks ago, will undergo more tests; Montgomery cleaned up knee "tweak," has lost weightBy Rob Gray, Senior Writer in Football.
WILLIAMS: National Signing Day analysis
Chris Williams commentary on Iowa State's class.
Just finish: ISU's rallying cry as bowl-less season winds down
Senior Day brings finality, opportunity against West VirginiaBy Rob Gray, Senior Writer in Football.PAUL SQUIRE PHOTO | Firefighters responded to a fire on Trout Brook Lane in Aquebogue at 4 a.m. Monday.
Riverhead firefighters rushed to the scene of a house fire on Trout Brook Lane at 4 a.m. Monday and began fighting the blaze, using a ladder truck to get onto the roof of the house. Flanders Fire Department also aided in putting out the fire, according to a fire report.Have him browse to (or one of the others in the archives) and tell you what his IP address is, and then just use that IP address to connect. -----Original Message----- From: vnc-list-admin "at" realvnc.com [mailto:vnc-list-admin "at" realvnc.com]On Behalf Of Warren Melhado Sent: Saturday, November 12, 2005 4:38 PM To: RealVNC Reflector Post Subject: Use VNC Without Router I have several RealVNC sites up and running, all using Linksys routers. I would like to remotely help my brother-in-law solve a problem he is having and need to install the RealVNC server on his system. He is on a broadband connection, but does not have a router. Is it posssible to use this system and, if so, how do I open Port 5900? Thanks, Warren _______________________________________________ VNC-List mailing list VNC-List "at" realvnc.com To remove yourself from the list visit:A great blog points out what a terrific advert the Michelin display was, I recommend his blog, good reading.
In his words ."Godric Gryffindor
this wiki
Sir Godric Gryffindor is a knight and one of the four founders of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He is a pleasant man who values courage and bravery.
AppearanceEdit
Godric is quite attractive, despite the many battles he has participated, in both the magical and muggle worlds. Many of his fellow knights tease him that he made a deal with the devil to come out looking like a youth, no matter what happened. If only they knew the truth...
The knight is slightly vain about his appearance, appearing much younger and unscarred than he really is - all thanks to potions his sisters use to preserve their beauty. His strawberry-colored hair is somewhat curly - a trait he inherited from his mother. His skin is normally a pale color, though will all the time he spends outside, Godric gets tan quite quickly. His green eyes tend to sparkle much like emeralds and a look of mischief is quite commonly worn on his face.
Godric was never one for formal clothes that many of his friends were so fond of. Unless he is attending a serious event - such as a wedding - the young man dresses like he could sprint into the woods at any moment. Comfortable clothes that his mother is not exactly fond of, though his father steps in and insists it is better to let him get it out of his system before he is forced to wear good clothes when seizing his birthright.
The man is an animagus, taking the form of a lion from the African plains. His mane is thick and reddish brown, though his eyes are always the same emerald green.
PersonalityEdit
Despite his wicked temper, Godric is normally a quite pleasant man to be around. Many of the ladies enjoy his company, and though he encourages them mercilessly, in all truth, none of them have really caught his eyes. He knows his time for marriage is overdue but he keeps reminding his parents that they let both of his sisters have some choice in their husbands. When he found someone that they would approve of and he could live with, Godric would take the long march. For now, however, the knight insists they back off.
Godric is quite the brave young man, never backing down from any challenge - something that Britain needs at this time. With Vikings raiding and ravaging the country, warring tribes trying to claim more land for themselves, and wild magical beasts roaming the island of Britain, the young man finds that, in the long run, the work for knights will never end.
Still, as much as he enjoys the camaraderie, the fury of war and the adrenaline it rushes through him, Godric knows that this isn't what he's supposed to be doing. And he is DEFINITELY not fit to be a man of nobility. In the end, he finds that he is happiest when helping his fellow magical kind - teaching them what he knows. Though he knows he should feel guilty about deserting his family name to start a school and safe-haven for witches and wizards, Godric just can't find the emotion. So strong is his feel of duty to his own kind...
Much of the young man's life was spent keeping an eye on his baby sister Gwen. The two grew quite close, as they shared many of the same thoughts about matters in life. When Godric is home (before Gwen got married), the siblings were inseparable. Had the girl not been 10 years younger, one would have thought they were twins. Even now, Godric stops by her new home whenever he has the chance.
HistoryEdit
Born the second child of Cuthraed and Aelis Gryffindor, Godric Gryffindor was the only son that the two bore, thus bearing the weight of his parents hopes and ambitions for the future Duke of Gloucester. Unlike many parents of the age, however, Cuthraed and Aelis never pressured him, mostly allowing their boy to pursue his own path as long as he understood his eventual destiny.
The young man embraced the life of any other noble in that day and age. He was eager to become a knight like many of the friends he was put together with due to his father's position in the world. It was unsurprising when he succeeded and at quite an age when others were still struggling to fulfill the true requirements of a knight's purpose.
He was talented in many of arts, including reading, writing, acting, and swordplay; just don't ask him to sing!
What many of his friends did not know was the Godric had a secret - he was a wizard! And none of his fellow knights COULD know or Godric could be burned at the stake. With the times being what they were, witch craft was still a fear to most peasants and even a few of the nobility. Even though the young man could escape, he would lose his place in society, something that (for a long time) he did not think he could deal with.
Among many of the nobles, unknown to many, were many magical families. The original nobility of England were actually wizards and witches, though time being what it was, muggles would work their way in until the muggles soon over took the magical blood, making those that were different hide the special part of themselves inside. Through these connections however, many of the nobility were able to still keep their blood lines pure. (And those that didn't were sure to cover their tracks well so they still APPEARED pure, at least.)
Godric was one of the many who's bloodline was hidden in secret. Honestly, he hardly cared that his mother was born a witch to two muggle parents. He loved his grandparents and what they could do did not matter to him in the least. Still, his parents forced him and his sisters not to tell anyone, lest it affected what chances they would have for good marriages.
Unlike many of the parents of that age, Cuthraed and Aelis truly understood the meaning of love - not just arrangements. When their first daughter Aelfwyn reached the age of 18, she was well versed in everything a lady should know, not to mention, ready to settle down, since she had had a life of doing what she wanted. Her parents matched her to a pure family with the last name of Slytherin...an arrangement that would change Godric's life.
During his time spent on the Slytherin lands, he met Severn (Aelfwyn's husband)'s younger brother - Salazar. Godric and Salazar immediately clicked, becoming fast friends, despite their unique differences. As the young son, Salazar spent his life becoming a scholar - furthering his knowledge in magic more than most of the people Godric had ever met. The two boys began comparing notes of magic they had already learned. Godric, who was on his way to being one of the best duelers in his time, was happy to help Salazar, while the young Slytherin helped Godric with many of the other arts that Godric had ignored in pursuit of spells that would have used to help himself as a knight.
When it came time to escort his mother and little sister from Aelfwyn's new home, Godric and Salazar resolved to keep in touch. From then on, the two were together as often as possible. When Salazar took off to tour the world, Godric was tempted to go with him. However, obligations kept him from the trip.
Through a connection with his fellow knight, a wizard named Toby Hufflepuff, Godric was introduced to Helga Hufflepuff, who was Toby's widowed sister-in-law. She took over in Salazar's absence with the knight's potions, helping Godric with his less than perfect concoctions. (Potions had NEVER been his strong point.)
Helga introduced him to the most beautiful woman that Godric had ever seen - Rowena Ravenclaw. The young man fell for her like a sac of stones. Unfortunately, she was also already with another man. Though Godric was crushed, he knew that such was life. Together with the two girls and Slytherin, they took to teaching anyone in their area how to perfect their magic until the others came up with a plan - start an actual school to protect those being persecuted. There, the four friends could teach anyone interested that had magical talent.
Rowena located the perfect location up in the Scott lands and soon after, the magical castle that would serve as a proper school began being built. After four and a half years of hard work, the school has been completed and ready to be filled. The friends agreed to give themselves one last summer before beginning their new lives.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-11805401.post112967889514110671..comments2015-04-13T09:10:58.649-04:00Comments on The DiaTribe: Farewell, HalPaul Cousineau Ramirez does request to be traded, Genske says ...If Ramirez does request to be traded, Genske says "his preference would be Anaheim. He also still loves Cleveland, and would go back there." Another possibility would be Arizona, if Boston would take some of the contracts the Diamondbacks are trying to move, including Troy Glaus and Luis Gonzalez. Texas was in play at the deadline.T-Bone about that, here is the link for the Simmons...Sorry about that, here is the link for the Simmons <A HREF="" REL="nofollow">article</A>.Cy Slapnicka wasn't run out of town, he went to New E...Belichick wasn't run out of town, he went to New England when Modell moved the team. Not that they didn't lay into him, just thought it was worth mentioning. Plus, some of it was deserved for the way the team handled the Kosar situation. That being said, I still don't like the PD staff.<BR/><BR/>In a related note, the Sports Guy had a Terry Pluto book as his <A REF="">Sports Book Recommendation of the Week</A>. Thought that was pretty cool. Hammer him with emails about not writing anything about Pluto.Cy Slapnicka should be so lucky to have more sports writers ...We should be so lucky to have more sports writers like him. I'm sick of the current PD writers ripping on the tribe. I'm still reading about our "choke job" seeing these morons call the team "folding chairs". These are the same guys that ran Belichick out of town. We had a great run with the team we had. <BR/>Just wait till next year -timmy lupusTikoISBN13: 9780345524966
ISBN10: 0345524969.
Featured Titles » Literature
Fiction and Poetry » Anthologies » General
Fiction and Poetry » Anthologies » Literature
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » A to Z
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » Jane AustenNokia has announced the availability of the Nokia Lumia 1020 all over Pakistan.
The. 165 will be available in yellow, white and black along with its custom made accessories to enhance the user experience.
Here are phone sepcs for reference:
- Operating system: Windows Phone 8
- Memory:
- 2GB RAM,
- 32GB internal user memory;
- 7GB SkyDrive cloud storage
- Display: 4.5’’ AMOLED WXGA (1280×768), 2.5D sculpted glass Gorilla 3 Glass,,
- Includes Nokia Pro Camera mode and Nokia Smart Camera Mode.
- Secondary camera: HD 1.2 MP wide angle
- (*depends on network support)
- Operating times
- Maximum talk time (3G): 13.3 h
- Standby time: 16 Days
- Video Playback time: 6.8 hours
- Music Playback time: 63 hours
- Price of Lumia 1020 in Pakistan: PKR 82,500
Recommended for You!
- Ammar
- Ammar Haider
- Monster
- Saeed Akram
- Monster
- Monster
- Farrukh
- Mr. Active XChange the World
For Individuals
If you want to help us change the world, starting right now, just put your name and email in the box on the left. No spam, no gimmicks. Just one email a week connecting you to thousands of people with a single mission: to make a difference in the lives of those around them..
That’s the kind of stuff we do here. If you’re passionate about helping others and having fun, we’d love to have you on the team. We’re going to change the world . . . all in just 15 minutes a week.
If you’re interested, please sign up in the box at the top of the page. Of course I’ll never sell this list, spam you, or take advantage of you in any way, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Oh, and if you’d like to learn more about a very, very easy and fun subgroup that gets big results, you may want to join us in dropping a Love Bomb on somebody.
If you’re interested in joining this team as well, you can sign up here.
Here’s what a few people had to say about being a part of ItStartsWith.Us.
Want to hear more about some of the results we’ve gotten, or why giving back is important? The links will jump you to videos at the bottom of this page.
For Organizations
I’ve built some powerful tools to help large organizations use the ItStartsWith.Us concept to improve the lives of their members. Here are some of the types of places I work with:
- Businesses
- Non-profits and NGOs
- Educational organizations (academic fraternities, universities, high schools)
- Fan clubs
- Local community organizations
- Volunteer groups
- Online communities
ItStartsWith.Us and Love Bomb Results:
Why Is Giving Back Important?10.3886/ICPSR06837.v6 Fogel, Robert W., et al. Aging of Veterans of the Union Army: Military, Pension, and Medical Records, 1820-1940 Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research 1997 aging American Civil War causes of death census data demographic characteristics disease health status labor force medical records midlife military pensions military recruitment military service mortality rates nineteenth century nutrition socioeconomic status twentieth century Union Army veterans 1997-06-24 2006-06-05 1820--1940 administrative records data 6837 6.Merit achievements
kelawow has successfully completed the quests listed below, earning merits for use in team competitions.
Achieved by: 15415 users.
Achieved by: 8121 users.
Achieved by: 11926 users.
Achieved by: 11101 users.
Achieved by: 33633 users.
Achieved by: 68063 users.
Achieved by: 292513 users.
Achieved by: 12134 users.
Achieved by: 189987 users.
Achieved by: 111664 users.
Achieved by: 568448 users.
Achieved by: 224228 users.
Achieved by: 209410 users.
Achieved by: 108960 users.
Achieved by: 17310 users.
Incomplete:
Achieved by: 7567 users.
Achieved by: 23008 users.
Achieved by: 4602 users.
Achieved by: 3869 users.
Achieved by: 5171 users.
Achieved by: 4212 users.
Achieved by: 1224 users.
Achieved by: 346 users.
Achieved by: 130 users.
Achieved by: 9434 users.
Achieved by: 27
kelawow's profile
Information
Member for:
4 years, 5 months, 24 days, 5 hours, 13 minutes and 9 seconds
Total earnings: $49.64
Prizes redeemed: 5
Referrals: 10
Quests completed: 30
Current merits: 4415.0
Demographics
Gender:
Date of Birth: 1985-07-14
State: MI
Advice rating
You cannot rate kelawow.
kelawow has received 19 votes for assisting new members.
Sweepstakes
Total tickets: 67
Current sweepstake: 0Gasoline Prices Continue to Drop
Just in time for Thanksgiving travel, we’re paying less for gasoline than we were a week ago. AAA’s Daily Fuel Gauge Report says the average price for a gallon of regular gas in Shreveport/Bossier is $3.16. At this time last week, it was $3.20. Statewide, the average this morning is $3.19. Nationally, it’s $3.35.WILLEMSTAD – During the government’s presentation in Parliament on the topic of fluoride in our waters, it became clear that 94% of our population has problems with dental care. Of these 94%, 30% are children. 15 to 20% of our elderly do not have teeth, according to the presentation in Parliament.
How is it possible that since 1962 fluoride has been added to our drinking water and today, 51 years later, according to the government’s presentation in Parliament, based on a 2002 report, they tell us that 94% of our population still has problems with dental care? The MFK faction in Parliament says that the solution is not to add fluoride in our water, but simply a guaranteed visit to the dentist. A medical insurance which covers dental care for the population. A medical insurance for all and which gives everyone the opportunity to do a dental check up twice a year, because now we see that after 51 years the fluoride dosage in our drinking water was not the solution.
One of the effect of excess fluoride is osteoporosis. There are more secondary effects when you consume too much fluoride. MFK’s position is to eliminate fluoride from our drinking water. Now more than ever after the government admitted that after 51 years, with the same fluoride dosage in our water, 94% of our population has dental problems.
Minister of Public Health, Dr. Ben Whiteman has asked for 1 week to answer all the questions posed by the members of Parliament on this important topic. However, the meeting was postponed by the President of Parliament until further notice.Baku, Azerbaijan, May 26
Trend:
YAY Gallery is pleased to announce the participation of Azerbaijani artist Rashad Alakbarov in the 12th edition of Avesta Art in Avesta, Sweden.
Alakbarov's shadow installations - "The Flying Man", "Miniature" and "Show Me Art" - are included in the exhibition of Swedish and international artists which opens on May 24th, 2014 and will run May 25 - September 7, 2014.
Eleven contemporary national and international artists from Sweden, Finland, the UK, the Czech Republic, Italy and Azerbaijan are exhibiting at Avesta Art 2014. Participating artists are Rashad Alakbarov, Cecilia Cronelid, Tom Hunter, Alessandro Lupi, Jarmo Mäkilä, Jens Peterson-Berger, Veronika Psotková, Aleksandra Stratimirovic, Hanna Vihriälä, Sissi Westerberg, Olov Ylinenpää
The exhibition's name "The Process" refers to all the layers in which these processes take place great and small. They can be experienced during the creation of art both in theory and in practice just as the heavy industrial process is brought life and can be seen.
For the first time in Sweden Rashad Alakbarov from Azerbaijan is participating with his electrifying illumination art.
Alakbarov graduated from the Azerbaijan State Academy of Fine Arts in 2001, where he specialized in Decorative Arts, and he has worked in various media including painting, sculpture as well as stage design, video art and interior design. Since 2001, the use of shadows in large scale installations have become the main direction of the artist's conceptual work and have gained him international notoriety and acclaim.
Alakbarov's installations for Avesta Art are created from carefully positioned iron components which when illuminated reveal an image or words on the corresponding surface. "I want to encourage people to open their senses," says the artist. "Shadow was the world's first picture. By projecting human emotions, ambitions and fears through the world of shadows, it is as we make them more understandable and inoffensive. Tenderness, irony and allegory shine through with unexpected clarity. The simplest objects assume a special beauty."
Alakbarov has shown his work at the 52nd and 55th Venice Biennale and 55th Venice Biennale collateral exhibition "Love Me, Love Me Not", now being shown at the Heydar Aliyev Center in Baku. He recently completed a solo exhibition of his work at the Baku MOMA. His artwork has been widely exhibited in Europe and is held in private collections in Azerbaijan, Italy, Turkey and Russia. Avesta Art is Alakbarov's debut in Sweden.
The 2014 edition of Avesta Art seeks to create an aesthetic and conceptual dialogue where the past, present and future are linked though contemporary art within the space of the former industrial ironworks of the city. Avesta Art began as a biennial exhibition in 1995 and from 2011 it has been held every year. In 2013, the exhibition received almost 20,000 visitors.
Rashad Alakbarov is represented by YAY Gallery in Baku, Azerbaijan. YAY Gallery was established in September 2012 as an addition to the broader initiative conceived by YARAT Contemporary Art Organisation in order to support and promote the development of Azerbaijani contemporary art both on a national and international level. The gallery is commercial but for not-for-profit purposes, and all potential revenue from the art sales is channelled into supporting YARAT initiatives and the artists. Founded in 2011 by Aida Mahmudova, YARAT is a not-for-profit organisation dedicated to nurturing an understanding of contemporary art in Azerbaijan and to creating a platform for Azerbaijani art, both nationally and internationally.
EXHIBITION DATES: 25th of May - 7th of September, 2014, 11:00 - 18:00
OPENING: Saturday, 24th of May, 12:00 - 16:00
Midsummer closedGeneral > General Banter
New Course Potential in Prairie Village
(1/8) > >>
jhinck2:
A fellow co-worker of mine who lives in PV sent me this link and thought I'd share. Does anyone know who put this in the minds of PV parks and rec? Or, is disc golf actually gaining traction in our parks and rec departments just by word of mouth?
It looks to be just a little dinker course, but that's how it all begins! I'll never forget my first days at William Yates!
P.S. Anyone who has a Facebook account should go to bat on these negative disc golf comments below the article...
AdamC:
As a Mission resident, this would be a very welcomed addition to the area - 9 holes or not. Rosedale is great, but attempting to play solo is generally frustrating due to how busy it is during all hours of the day.
Based on the comments it seems the suburban moms aren't aware of any of the benefits disc golf. :(
I sure hope the plan goes through!
eeastwood:
I just posted on the article. They were questioning if was really that high of demand. Feel free to add additional comments. You're right Adam, they don't necessarily know what they are talking about and we need to help educate them... as nicely as possible.
Kevin Montgomery:
I zoomed in on a satellite image of the area and it looks like an excellent place for a nine-hole course. I expect it would get played a lot year-round.
Lander:
I used to hang out in that park after school back in the day throwing the ultimate disc around, that was about the only action that land ever got.
Navigation
[0] Message Index
[#] Next pageGo to full version"And there's more!"
Please yourself. That used to crack us up in the 1980:
I'm still recovering from discovering that the speaker of the Northern Irish assembly is Will Hay. When he got up to speak on Monday, I was expecting some hilarious business with a fire hose and a couple of gormless stooges.Look, just give us Snowden
sure, no problem, just give us Bout
America will hold high-level talks on political and military teamwork with Russia this Friday - despite the latter country's offer of temporary asylum to NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. US Secretary of State John Kerry and Secretary of Defence Chuck Hagel are due to meet their Russian counterparts in Washington to discuss " …
sure, no problem, just give us Bout
"sure, no problem, just give us Bout"
No comparison, Bout is an arms dealer responsible for the death of hundreds of thousands, possibly millions. Of course, if you wish to compare Snowden with him you'll have to run hard - apart from the fact that Snowden has effectively attacked his own government - inasmuch that Snowden has ethical pretensions, and Bout doesn't give a fuck. Perhaps, in the final axiological analysis, nothing really matters it's merely a game of claiming that things matter. Your choice. Quite literally and axiologically.
No comparison, Bout is an arms dealer responsible for the death of hundreds of thousands, possibly millions.
You missed the point. The US government invokes international law when it suits their needs, when it doesn't they don't break a sweat over it.
That they seem so hurt over Russia not giving away Snowden, when they themselves have protected far worse people, only makes their hypocrisy more glaring.
"Snowden has effectively attacked his own government"
Defended his fellow citizens and country?
> possibly millions
Oh drama.
Can't be. He hasn't got a medal yet.
In this case US invoke no law, but resolutely demand that Mr President Putin brazenly break it, for all the word to see. But these are Russian laws anyway, so who cares...
Do you mean like the US military complex that includes handgun manufacturers that KILL thousands and possibly millions of innocent people every year? You know those 'little incidents' like Colombine and Sandy Hook.
At least Bout doesn't sell handguns inside the US... we do.
"We would like to see Mr Snowden returned to the United States. I don’t know technically what that requires, but we know they have the capability to do that," she said.
Actually I'm pretty sure now that they've granted him temporary asylum they can't. I mean isn't the whole idea of asylum that they're granted protection from this sort of thing? Surely changing their minds afterwards would break some kind of UN protocol (they always have a protocol)
I'm not an expert on geo-politics in anyway, but doesn't the US tend to ignore the UN when it suits?
I think the way it goes is Asylum is granted where somebody fears persecution. Assuming the US can convince Russia that this isn't the case this could be withdrawn
When it's a UN vote like 100 in favour, 30 against plus abstainers and the US is in the 100 it's a Great Day For Democracy(tm)
When it's something else which gets like 154 against, 1 for (yeah guess who) then it's more like 'very disappointed that good sense was cast aside (P.S. we'll do what the fuck we like anyway)'
I refer the honourable reader thusly: (Google books page extract via bitly)
In fact start on the previous page, 86.
Actually the USA tends to ignore the UN on principal. There was a case recently when they (the senate I believe) refused to ratify a UN convention on disabled rights. The stunning thing was the US had already met all the conditions 20 years ago. So basically it was nothing more than acknowleding what was already law. The real issue was elements of the senate see it as ceding authority to the UN. It views the UN as a tool, not an equal or higher power, and to cede power would be to acknowledge it was a higher power. Depending on what area of government, the US will not acknowledge any higher power than the federal or state government, at least in recent times.
Rightly or wrongly, that is how it is :-)
Rightly or wrongly, that is how it is :-)
Get your memes in order, this isn't TDWTF. Definitely no Vice President's daughter here pal.
Ah, now- there's the rub...
No. Article 12, section 4 of the Russian Federal law # 4528-1 of 19/02/1993 "On refugees" states: "A person who has been granted temporary asylum can not be returned against his will to the country of his nationality ( or country of his usual residence). Snowden has been granted temporary asylum under this law, so...
So all they need to do to get around that is revoke his nationality and give Hawai'i it's sovereignty back. That or just slip some polonium 210 in his tea. The ruskies will love that.
When an American has to go to RUSSIA to be free and escape a rabid government persecution bordering on a mob witch burning, maybe that's the time to reflect and ask yourself 'Gee, is this really the path I want to take?'"
Hugs and kisses.
The rest of the civilized world.
That's exactly why Russia won't give him up unless America somehow promises them the moon on a stick: a yank requesting asylum from Russia is a MASSIVE PR coup.
In fairness, until the non-stop anti-snowden propaganda changes their minds for them - even half of the US think he was more right than wrong.
Mr Putin described him as 'an unwanted gift' not quite the sort of phrase usually used to describe a PR coup,
That's diplo speak for "Woohoo we have someone with intimate knowledge of the NSA" but need to be seen to begrudgingly take him in.
In reality, I bet he is being debriefed extensively by the Russians right now.
Unwanted <> having no value. If I received a Bugatti Veyron tomorrow, it would be an unwanted gift. I could still definitely turn it to my advantage (Even second hand, I'm sure I could sell it and buy a pretty nice house with the proceeds.)
No shit,
There was a time when ballerinas and KGB colonels used to defect to the US for a better life. Gave the US some moral high-ground to stand on and a nice rep for TJATAW too, Now it looks like the Russkis are getting a little payback. I'm surprised they aren't riding this whole thing harder.
WTF happened? Has whistle-blowing, forum chatting and leaking become the only form of civil disobedience left ? How long before that's gone too?
The Russians have previously demonstrated that they can get someone into a foreign country to perform an assassination on someone they find troublesome...I'm slightly surprised that the Americans haven't tried something similar with Snowden
How do you know they haven't tried?
I'm not sure they would dare do that. It would start off a big change.
No way, the American Government would never stoop to such...
Hey, guys, what's that red dot?
You know how I'd do it?
Attach a sniper rifle to the X-37B minishuttle, and aim it in Russia's general direction. Maybe design bullets with heat shields so they don't burn up on reentry.
All Snowden has to do is look up once and *bloop*.
>How do you know they haven't tried?
Because a mountain in N Wales hasn't been bombed by mistake
The drones are reportedly being withdrawn slowly from Pakistan and Afghanistan - I wonder where they will be going next ? :)
New York, Washington, Boston, Miami, San Francisco, Austin.......... The US gov fears Americans as much as it does foreigners.
The drones, the controlling AI's and trigger-operating flesh-bots are attuned to killing brown people on a background of sand, reconfiguring them to "white on green" carry a high risk of unintended consequences.
"How do you know they haven't tried?"
There's been no embarassing cockup in the news...
"How do you know they haven't tried?"
He's still alive and no squawking. Give it a little time. It takes a while to mount that sort of operation, especially in a police state.
"It takes a while to mount that sort of operation, especially in a police state."
Yep, see how long it took them to kill Osama.
Mmmhh... Ah, oops! You meant the Russians!...
"Give it a little time. It takes a while to mount that sort of operation, especially in a police state."
But he left the United States!
Don't these idiots have anything better to do?! Their country's economy is in shambles, they live off Chinese money yet they still they chase Snowden and poke around in Iran. Effin' douchebags.
It's growing faster than the Ackermann function.
I will magnanimously include the rest of the political caste and their assorted sycophants in press and think tanks into this.
I hope some gigantic meteorite laden with cancer-causing chemicals but curiously exhibiting the form of an eagle coloured in blue, white and red flattens everything inside the Beltway.
Then we can plant beautiful trees on top.
"I hope some gigantic meteorite laden with"
you said laden. The NSA will be watching you now.
@NomNomNom, you mentioned the "L" word twice! Do you hear the black choppers heading your way?
Nice knowing you, wonder what Cuba is like today?
You should bin that comment now.
Oh shit.
Can you counter the effect by talking about UNladen swallows?
Try to let us know what its like in Gitmo
Really? You fell for the hype and promises?
Anyone that ignored that and looked at what the two did *before* they were groomed to run for POTUS would have found the only real differences between Obama and McCain was their stated political affiliation and skin tone.
You say Osama, & I say Obama,
You say 'more amour', & I say 'more armour'
Osama, Obama,
More amour, more armour,
Oh, let's call the whole thing off!
"I hope some gigantic meteorite ..."
Careful there! You could be accused of Astronomical Terrorism!. And then you would be charged with 'Intent to Commit Astronomical Terrorism', 'Possession of Astronomical Terrorism Paraphernalia', 'Astronomical Terrorism on Mondays', 'Astronomical Terrorism on Tuesdays', and so on, like Manning!
Nope. Didn't we just agree that the US doesn't care much about the UN...?
Wasn't it Obama himself who said whitleblowers should be protected and not procecuted? The US is a country of liars and backstabbers, who will only do the right thing, if it serves their purpose. The US like to point to other countries when it comes to human rights, but they themselves wipe their ass with human rights if they feel the need for it.
I'm finding myself cheering for Rusia, though i must admit that has a strange taste to it.42 Matches for Brian Epp
Brian Epp, Brian_Epp
Brian Epp lives in Columbus, OH. On the web, Brian goes by the aliases Brian_Epp and BrianCD101.What is PeekScore?
Brian T. Epp 41 yrs, thetravelinbombasticks
Brian Travelin Epp is 41 years old. He lives in Columbus, Ohio. He is a 1998 graduate of Ohio University-main Campus. He's a big fan of The Hold Steady. On the internet, Brian goes by the aliases thetravelinbombasticks and thetravelinbombastick.What is PeekScore?
Brian F. Epp 34 yrs, brianepp
Lakewood, OH | Columbiana, OH | Warren, OH
34-year-old Brian F Epp lives in Lakewood, OH. Other places in which he has lived are Columbiana, OH; Warren, OH; Blacksburg, VA and Lancaster, OH. He is a 1999 graduate of John F Kennedy High School. He has worked for Progressive Insurance, Ltd, Mis Manager and Erico. Entourage, Chuck, Man Vs. Wild and Three Sheets are among his favorite TV shows. Brian likes Wine and Sushi a lot. His favorite sports are Canoeing and Flag Football. Frederick Leo Epp, Frederick L Fepp, Laura J Fepp, Melissa Marie Frantz, Fredrick Epp and Melissa M Epp are in Brian's family. On the web, Brian goes by the aliases brianepp and brainpep.What is PeekScore?
Bryan Epp 43 yrs, epp
43-year-old Bryan Epp lives in Mentor, Ohio. He works in the capacity of Owner. On the web, Bryan goes by the aliases epp and epp357.What is PeekScore?
Brian Epp 38 yrs
Philadelphia, PA | Hatboro, PA
Brian Epp, 38 years old, lives in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, but has also spent time in Hatboro, Pennsylvania. He works as an Owner. Eminem, Nickelback, Method Man and Payable On Death are some of his favorite bands.What is PeekScore?
Brian Epp 34 yrs, brianepp
Brian Epp, 34 years old, lives in Lakewood, Ohio. He is a 1999 graduate of John F Kennedy High School. Companies in which he has a work history include Progressive Insurance and Erico. Some of his favorite TV shows are Entourage, Chuck, Man Vs. Wild and Three Sheets. Sushi is one of his favorite foods. His favorite sports are Canoeing and Flag Football. Online, Brian goes by the alias brianepp.What is PeekScore?
Brian Epp 59 yrs
Brian Epp, 59 years old, lives in Bethel, CT.What is PeekScore?Demi lovato nip slip at teen choice awards - latin gossip, Oops! when demi lovato stepped out on the red carpet of the teen choice awards, people were checking out two things! her hair…and the nip slip.. Jackie guerrido big tits & hard nipple (11-04-14) - youtube, Jackie guerrido big tits & hard nipple (11-04-14). News anchors shirt rips open - youtube, News anchors shirt rips open - youtube like subscribe.
Publicar anuncios unetenet, Publica tus anuncios de unetenet mas rapido y mas sencillo. The gorgeous newswomen network (gnn): nice boobs, alexis!, The world's most gorgeous newswomen: rants, raves, cheers, jeers (and occasionally damning with faint praise). Home - oneplus.net, Oneplus tech aims to create the best android smartphones of the market. top components and attention to detail is what defines our products. no tradeoffs, we #.
Tv anchor babes: the sexy profiles of jen carfagno, From friday, this is weather channel babe jen carfagno showing us plenty of sexy hot profiles of her hot body. she's quite the cutie pie as well..
I barely go a week without saying something to my wife like: "You know, that's just like the NBA..." then I rattle off some theory about how making a good dinner is like building a championship contender, or being a good parent is like being a good coach, or some stock market investments are like shooting from the outside while others are like feeding the post.
These analogies are limitless. I have a new one almost every day, without even trying.
Praise be to Jason Kottke, for bringing up a way in which group e-mails are like offensive possessions.An*tiph"ra*sis (#), n. [L., fr. Gr. , fr. to express by antithesis or negation.] Rhet.
The use of words in a sense opposite to their proper meaning; as when a court of justice is called a court of vengeance.
© Webster 1913.
Log in or registerto write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comSubject: [EDEQUITY Male Dialogue] Closing Statement by Deborah Mulligan
As educationalists I feel we have a duty to ensure that gender equity in
the classroom prevails. Too often the whole 'boy' issue is put in the 'too
hard basket'. This could happen so easily with unsupportive administration;
unstable peer relationships; complicated rhetoric; suspicious parents;
dicotomous messages from a society in crisis;and of course, the ever
present stress that goes with the whole teaching experience. My challenge
to teachers is to be a lone voice, challenge the idea that boys are slower
learners than girls. Stand up and shout for justice on behalf of all those
gorgeous little 6 year old boys who walk through the door on the first day
of school with wide-eyed wonder and leave school down trodden and labled by
certain adults as worthless and not as good as girls. Boys are not girls,
and God willing, they never will be. Let's celebrate this fact rather than
work against it.
Deborah Mulligan
Reangeveille State School32 High Street
Toowoeemba 4350 Australia
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.2 : Fri Apr 12 2002 - 15:16:00 EDTAffiliated Programs
Faculty from the Department of English teach courses in several affiliated programs. Many of the courses in these interdisciplinary programs also satisfy requirements for undergraduate and graduate degrees in English.
-.
- Media Studies: An interdisciplinary undergraduate major emphasizing the analysis of the mass media and the messages they convey.
- Medieval and Byzantine Studies Program: An interdisciplinary program emphasizing the complex intertwining of theology, philosophy, Latin and vernacular languages, and history. Students can earn a Certificate, M.A., or Ph.D. degree.
- Intensive English Program for International Students: Offers a sequence of courses for international students who wish to study English as a second language.Florita Hernandez
10,509pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Florita Hernandez (previously Medina) is a pre-made Sim from the neighborhood of Isla Paradiso, available in The Sims 3: Island Paradise. She is having an affair with Alfonso Alto. She has a daughter, Palmira Medina, with her ex-husband, Teodor Medina. Florita is a romantic interest for Alfonso Alto, distant friends with her daughter, and disliked by her ex-husband, Lopita Alto and Ashley Alto. At the start of the game she is in the early stages of pregnancy with Alfonso's child.Reminder: "Food Truck Fridays at FedExForum" continue this Friday, Aug. 1
Local lunchgoers are invited to grit, grind and dine on the outdoor Plaza at FedExForum continuing Friday, Aug. 1 and running every Friday from 11 a.m. – 1 p.m. through Friday, Aug. 15.
This week’s Food Truck Friday will include an all-new cast of local trucks including Stickem, MarksGrill and Fresh Gulf Shrimp. For those on the clock and looking to dine and dash, Chick-fil-A will be on site serving a variety of grab-and-go lunch options. Pepsi products, including bottled water, will be available for purchase on site.
This week’s promotion will present two lucky winners with a chance to win a four-pack of tickets to WWE Monday Night Raw at FedExForum on Sept. 22. Memphis Grizzlies fan gear will also be up for grabs, and arena escorts will be on hand to assist anyone interested in test driving Season Tickets to Grizzlies games.
Plus, FanBank will be on hand to register Memphians who are looking to support local in the FanBank Challenge. Participants who complete a minimum of five transactions at participating retailers by Friday, August 8 can qualify for great Grizzlies experiences like becoming a Memphis Grizzlies Owner for a day where you take over a Luxury Suite for a future game with 15 friends or, a Courtside Seat Experience. Visit FanBank.com for details.
To learn more about the weekly promotions, menus and food trucks affiliated with Food Truck Fridays at FedExForum, follow @FedExForum on Twitter and Facebook. Join the conversation with hashtag #FoodTruckFriday @FedExForum.This Killer Bacon-Cheese Dogs, Parmesan Roasted Broccoli full of health food and full of health recipes. Here food recipe is delicious, we goal we will suffer this Killer Bacon-Cheese Dogs, Parmesan Roasted Broccoli on food full of health recipe blog.
Hi everyone!
Tomorrow is the commencement of a fun week where we will have lots and lots of people over for cooking any night. I adore weeks similar to that. We have been starting to have Killer Bacon Cheese Dogs. This is easy since those who wish a solid dog can have it. On the side we am you do Parmesan Roasted Broccoli and chips.
Killer Bacon-Cheese Dogs
Amy (amylz)
All Recipes Servings: 8
8 slices bacon
8 all-beef prohibited dogs
8 prohibited dog buns
8 slices Swiss cheese
1/2 crater barbeque sauce, or volume to taste
1 tiny red onion, diced
Preheat an outside griddle for medium-high heat. Lightly oil grate, and set 4 inches from the heat. Place the bacon in a large, low skillet. Cook over medium-high feverishness until uniformly brown. Drain on paper towels. Place prohibited dogs on grill; cook until browned, 5 to 8 minutes, branch once, or until finished to fit your taste. Lightly griddle prohibited dog buns. To arrange sandwiches, place a cut of cheese and bacon on any roll. Add a prohibited dog, tip any with 1 tablespoon barbeque sauce, or preferred amount, and red onion.
Parmesan Roasted Broccoli
G8R_mom2B around Food Network (Ina Garten)
4 to 5 pounds broccoli
4 garlic cloves, peeled and thinly sliced
Good olive oil
1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon creatively belligerent black pepper
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest
2 tablespoons creatively squeezed lemon juice
3 tablespoons hunger nuts, toasted
1/3 crater creatively grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons julienned uninformed basil leaves (about twelve leaves
Preheat the oven to 425. Cut the broccoli florets from the thick stalks, withdrawal an in. or dual of petiole trustworthy to the florets, dispatch the rest of the stalks. Cut the incomparable pieces by the bottom of the conduct with a tiny knife, pulling the florets apart. You should have about 8 cups of florets. Place the broccoli florets on a piece vessel vast sufficient to reason them in a singular layer. Toss the garlic on the broccoli and drizzle with 5 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with the salt and pepper. Roast for twenty to twenty-five minutes, until crisp-tender and the tips of a little of the florets have been browned. Remove the broccoli from the oven and rught away toss with 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, the lemon zest, lemon juice, hunger nuts, Parmesan, and basil. Serve hot.
Happy read Killer Bacon-Cheese Dogs, Parmesan Roasted Broccoli recipes, and suffer food and splash picture strange here: Amy’s WFD Blog!
Share the post "Healthy: Killer Bacon-Cheese Dogs, Parmesan Roasted Broccoli"I have a pile of 19 windows and a few different styles of solid wood doors in my back yard. I’ll be listing them on Austin Craigslist soon. I was thinking of $5 per window and maybe $20 each for the doors. The ultra-skinny one used to be the bathroom closet door. It’s adorable. The one with all the tiny windows on it used to be the front door. It’s fantastic, but crooked. I guess if you knew a thing or two about woodworking, you’d be able to straighten it out with no problem.
If you are interested in the doors or windows, contact me and I’ll provide measurements. You have to come and haul them away yourself. I cannot help you load them onto your vehicle, nor can I deliver them for you. Also, I’d like to sell all 19 windows at once. I’ll give you a deal on the lot of them if you want them all.
One thought on “Selling old doors and windows on Austin Craigslist”
Update: All doors and windows have been sold. Thanks for playing!Great movies--we'll drink to that!
Stuffed mushrooms, champagne cocktails, and so much more! This menu is a party waiting to happen.
Some cocktails are closely associated with particular movies. Here are a few fun pairings.
Casablanca and Champagne Cocktails
Rick Blaine: "Here's looking at you, kid."
M*A*S*H and bone-dry martinis
Duke Forrest: "Olives? Where do you think we are?"Trapper John: "Yeah, but without olives, a martini just doesn't quite make it." (Said as he pulls a jar of cocktail olives from his coat.)
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and the Pangalactic Gargleblaster
From the novel: ."
Casino Royale and the Vesper
Bartender: Shaken or stirred?Bond: Do I look like I give a damn?
The Big Lebowski and White Russians
The Dude: "The Dude abides." (Or in this case, the Dude imbibes.)
The Matador and Margaritas
Julian Noble: "Margaritas always taste better in Mexico."
The Spot for Food and Drink
See up a signature mezcal cocktail.
Watch a professional bartender make the Mudslide Cocktail.
Creme de cacao, chocolate syrup and ice cream make a super-rich cocktail.
Read our allrecipes.com blogDescription:
1871 Quarter 'Die Trial' in Copper1871 25C Quarter Dollar, Judd-1102, Pollock-1238, R.7, PR66 Red and Brown NGC.
Judd-1102, PR66 Red and Brown
Judd-1102, PR66 Red and Brown
Design. Listed as a die trial, struck from the regular-issue Seated Liberty quarter dies of 1871, in copper with a reeded edge.
Commentary. Rated R.7, this copper pattern probably has only five or six surviving pieces known today. USPatterns.com notes that "although these are described as regular die trial pieces in the standard references, it is more likely that the off-metal 'trials' of this year were deliberately struck for sale to collectors."
Physical Description. The splendid surfaces on this pristine Premium Gem offer plenty of rose, lilac, and blue highlights with a good strike and loads of eye appeal. NGC and PCGS combined have certified seven examples, less duplicates. This is the only NGC PR66 Red and Brown, but NGC has also certified a PR67 Red and Brown and a PR67 Star Brown (11/08). The finest PCGS-certified Judd-1102 is a PR66 Red and Brown.
Provenance. Ex: Stack's private treaty.
From The Lemus Collection, Queller Family Collection Part Two. (PCGS# 71361)was rated a BUY yesterday on Technicals..
Watch for breakout
Roth Capital Partners is actually going to sell stock in this Pig with Lipstick
Watch for BREAKOUT.
Gov Brown made an order
it is official We have a paid pumper
Will this stock be de-listed to the Pink Sheets on May 22nd?
This stock is heading much lower. There press releases are not working.
Royl wants your tunnel of love,
monsanto is on the path to purchase simplot
Where is their press release on plans to overcome de- listing from the NASDAQ to the PINK ...
This stock is headed down to it's all time LOW of 88 Cents on Feb 1996 - Say Aloha to ...
Did Royl every get there stuff together
Hey Sully!
Water!
Looks Like the big news did not do much for this grossly Over Priced Stock.. Investors Yaw...
Pipelines, Pipelines............
next 50 wells in OAKLAOKIE
Well at least they realize that Alaska is dead and California is not economical
Planting
We are in the process of testing our new message boards.Please provide your feedback so that we can optimize the user experience.Level-5 shares three Ni no Kuni cutscenes
New clips from Ghibli PlayStation 3 RPG.
Level-5 has uploaded three in-game cutscenes from its upcoming PlayStation 3 RPG, Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch, to its YouTube account.
The clips feature protagonist Oliver, his mother Arie, his friend Maru, Goronel Kingdom ruler King Nyandal, and some others. Watch the set below.
Ni no Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch is due later this month in Japan and in early 2012 in North America and Europe.
Play-Asia1menuconfig UIO 2 tristate "Userspace I/O drivers" 3 depends on !S390 4 help 5 Enable this to allow the userspace driver core code to be 6 built. This code allows userspace programs easy access to 7 kernel interrupts and memory locations, allowing some drivers 8 to be written in userspace. Note that a small kernel driver 9 is also required for interrupt handling to work properly. 10 11 If you don't know what to do here, say N. 12 13if UIO 14 15config UIO_CIF 16 tristate "generic Hilscher CIF Card driver" 17 depends on PCI 18 help 19 Driver for Hilscher CIF DeviceNet and Profibus cards. This 20 driver requires a userspace component called cif that handles 21 all of the heavy lifting and can be found at: 22 <> 23 24 To compile this driver as a module, choose M here: the module 25 will be called uio_cif. 26 27config UIO_PDRV 28 tristate "Userspace I/O platform driver" 29 help 30 Generic platform driver for Userspace I/O devices. 31 32 If you don't know what to do here, say N. 33 34config UIO_PDRV_GENIRQ 35 tristate "Userspace I/O platform driver with generic IRQ handling" 36 help 37 Platform driver for Userspace I/O devices, including generic 38 interrupt handling code. Shared interrupts are not supported. 39 40 This kernel driver requires that the matching userspace driver 41 handles interrupts in a special way. Userspace is responsible 42 for acknowledging the hardware device if needed, and re-enabling 43 interrupts in the interrupt controller using the write() syscall. 44 45 If you don't know what to do here, say N. 46 47config UIO_AEC 48 tristate "AEC video timestamp device" 49 depends on PCI 50 help 51 52 UIO driver for the Adrienne Electronics Corporation PCI time 53 code device. 54 55 This device differs from other UIO devices since it uses I/O 56 ports instead of memory mapped I/O. In order to make it 57 possible for UIO to work with this device a utility, uioport, 58 can be used to read and write the ports: 59 60 git clone git://ifup.org/philips/uioport.git 61 62 If you compile this as a module, it will be called uio_aec. 63 64config UIO_SERCOS3 65 tristate "Automata Sercos III PCI card driver" 66 depends on PCI 67 help 68 Userspace I/O interface for the Sercos III PCI card from 69 Automata GmbH. The userspace part of this driver will be 70 available for download from the Automata GmbH web site. 71 72 Automata GmbH: 73 Sercos III interface: 74 75 If you compile this as a module, it will be called uio_sercos3. 76 77config UIO_PCI_GENERIC 78 tristate "Generic driver for PCI 2.3 and PCI Express cards" 79 depends on PCI 80 help 81 Generic driver that you can bind, dynamically, to any 82 PCI 2.3 compliant and PCI Express card. It is useful, 83 primarily, for virtualization scenarios. 84 If you compile this as a module, it will be called uio_pci_generic. 85 86config UIO_NETX 87 tristate "Hilscher NetX Card driver" 88 depends on PCI 89 help 90 Driver for Hilscher NetX based fieldbus cards (cifX, comX). 91 This driver requires a userspace component that comes with the card 92 or is available from Hilscher (). 93 94 To compile this driver as a module, choose M here; the module 95 will be called uio_netx. 96 97config UIO_PRUSS 98 tristate "Texas Instruments PRUSS driver" 99 depends on ARCH_DAVINCI_DA850 100 help 101 PRUSS driver for OMAPL138/DA850/AM18XX devices 102 PRUSS driver requires user space components, examples and user space 103 driver is available from below SVN repo - you may use anonymous login 104 105 106 107 More info on API is available at below wiki 108 109 110 111 To compile this driver as a module, choose M here: the module 112 will be called uio_pruss. 113 114endif 115Manor System
A canceled. It is not possible to sell during a siege.
Players can purchase seeds from the Manor Manager:
The amount earned from selling through the seed-selling NPC (i.e. the Manor Manager) is transferred every day to the castle warehouse, just like taxes.
Sowing and Harvest
Players that have completed their purchase of seeds can use them on monsters in the territory (Gludio, Oren etc.) where the seeds were purchased. The easiest way is to drag one or several kinds of seed from the inventory to a hotkey, target a monster and then hit the key. A fireworks cloud, like when spoiling, will form and a system message will tell the player whether seeding was successful. If seeding was unsuccessful and the monster is still alive, seeding can be tried a second time.
- Sowing is not possible for PCs, village NPCs, and guardians.
- Monsters in which someone has already sown cannot be sown again.
- Sowing is only possible for monsters within the territory where the seeds were purchased.
- In the event that that there is a difference of up to ±5 levels between the level of seeds used and the respective monster, then sowing has a high chance of success, but after that, for each difference in level of 1, the probability of success is reduced by 5%.
- In the event that that there is a difference of ±5 levels between the level of monster and character, then sowing is 100% possible but after that, for each difference in level of 1, the probability of success is reduced by 5%.
- If sowing is successful, a fruit is produced in the body of the monster. Fruits are not always produced even when sowing was successful, but with multiple HP monsters sometimes several fruits are growing from one seed.
- Monsters for which sowing was successful do not drop items other than adena.
- If a player succeeds at sowing, the grown fruit can be harvested. For that purpose the player needs a Harvester (a kind of scythe) that can be purchased from any Manor Manager. It is best to assign the Harvester a hotkey and then hit the key as soon as the - still targeted - monster is dead.
- ±5 levels, the success rate is very high and then the probability of success falls by 5% for each greater difference of one level. If harvesting is unsuccessful, the item disappears.
- Sowing and Spoil can be used together. The sequence is Sow → Spoil → Kill → Harvest → Sweep. If the Sweeper skill is used before the Harvester, the corpse of the monster will vanish.
Purchasing
Players that have harvested fruit from monsters in the territory can sell that fruit to the local castle lord via the Manor Manager. While seeds or the Harvester can be purchased any time, selling fruit is only possible once a day, in a narrow window between 20:04 and 20:06 real time. Depending on what the harvested fruit is, there may be those things which can only be sold in one's own territory and others that can be sold more widely in other territories too. In the latter case the Manor Manager will charge a freight fee though. The lord of the manor can decide in advance on the price and purchase quantity of farm products. When fruit comes in through the Manor Manager, the cost for that fruit is automatically removed from the castle warehouse and if there is not enough money in the warehouse, the purchasing of farm products is suspended immediately. To restart purchasing, money must be put in the warehouse again.
When selling harvested fruit through the Manor Manager, the amount received will differ depending on what fruit. a given.
Seed and Crop table
Source:This story appeared on JavaWorld at:.
Figure 1. EBNF parse tree of 1+2*3
Or, alternatively, we could first match
2*3 into an
expr resulting in
1+expr, as shown in Figure 2.
Figure 2. Alternative EBNF parse tree of 1+2*3.
Figure 3. Parse tree of 1+2.
JavaCC, a parser generator for Java, makes writing parsers for
programming languages a snap.
JavaCC provides a high-level notation
for defining grammars, and a concise specification for grammars and associated
actions. It's also easy to read. Especially useful for Java programmers are the
Java grammars that are part of the
JavaCC distribution. (The Java
1.2 grammar is a separate download.) Based on those grammars you can create your
own set of nifty Java tools such as your own version of
javadoc, a
Java interpreter, or a Java printer. There really is no limit to what you can
do.
JavaCC includes two additional tools.
JJDoc
automatically generates documentation in HTML for your grammar in a fashion
similar to
javadoc.
JJTree automatically generates
actions that build a tree structure when parsing a program. It provides a
framework based on the Visitor design pattern that allows you to traverse the
parse tree in memory.
All contents copyright 1995-2009 Java World, Inc.Below are poems written by poet
Johnny White. Click the Next or Previous links below the poem to navigate between poems. Remember, Poetrysoup is an environment of encouragement and growth. Thank you.
List of ALL
Johnny
White poems
Best
Johnny White
Poems
Chasing dreams and every hearts desire.
Were so mesmerized by loves eternal fire.
Dancing in the heat but not to get burnt.
Cherishing these moments from hard lessons learnt.
Hand in hand we drifted away and away.
Tangled in love its a new adventure everyday.
When the sun goes down.
I think to myself what an amazing treasure ive found.
When I close my eyes to sleep I dream of you.
I dreamed of you last night and the night before that too
Now 2 hearts have started to beat as one.
Chasing dreams and every hearts desire our dance has just begun.
People might say its just the honeymoon phase.
Its not there fault they cant see the error to there ways.
Smiles and laughs living here on cloud 9.
Well stop to dance on every rainbow we find.
were only here once to live this life.
Im not wasting anymore time to ask you to be my wife.
Let us dance off into the sunset.
To live our life that not done yet.
BackFrom Destination:
0.56m / 0.9km
2371 W Broadway,
Needles, CA, 92363, United States
Phone: 760/326-4552
Effective immediately our new outdoor pool, spa and sauna are ready for use. We would like to Welcome you to the BEST WESTERN Colorado River Inn, conveniently situated off California's historic Route 66 in the Mojave Valley. This charming Needles... More
Free Hot Breakfast & Wi-Fi. Newly Renovated Pool, Spa & Sauna. Convenient to Colorado River access.
From Destination:
20.76m / 33.42km
1126 Highway 95.,
Bullhead City, AZ, 86429, United States
Phone: 928/754-3000
Welcome to BEST WESTERN Bullhead City Inn! Guests here to enjoy tackling the Colorado River are just a few minutes away at our Bullhead City hotel, and can easily enjoy the great outdoors. However, maybe Lake Mohave is more your speed. From boating... More
1.7 miles from Laughlin casinos, 3 blocks from launch ramp on the Colorado River.
From Destination:
42.07m / 67.73km
2815 E Andy Devine Avenue,
Kingman, AZ, 86401, United States
Phone: 928/753-6271
Welcome to the BEST WESTERN PLUS A Wayfarer¿s Inn & Suites! Whether you want the great outdoors or a day trip to Las Vegas, the convenient location of our Kingman hotel can make it happen. When guests stay along Route 66, they have the best of... More
#1 on TripAdvisor® ;FREE Full Hot Breakfast Buffet; FREE Wired/Wireless HSIA
From Destination:
42.21m / 67.96km
2930 E Andy Devine Avenue,
Kingman, AZ, 86401, United States
Phone: 928/753-6101
Welcome to the BEST WESTERN PLUS King's Inn & Suites! One of the most magnificent views in the world is just a few minutes away from our Kingman hotel, because it is the closest lodging to the Grand Canyon Skywalk. On Historic Route 66, our... More
Located on Historic Route 66. TripAdvisor® Certificate of Excellence,Free Full Hot Breakfast Buffet
* Rates are based on selected occupancy and dates. Rates may change depending upon final dates, room type, and guest occupancy.Our performance enhancing software is a perfect way to generate revenue from visitors to your website. Over 100 million PCs have been tested at PC Pitstop. We have a very loyal and active following.
When you promote PC Pitstop products on your site or through your newsletters you can earn up to 50% commission.
All of the PC Pitstop products feature FREE scans. The scans are fast and efficient and we suggest that you promote each of the products by offering a FREE scan to your visitors.
Marketing material available for affiliates including:
And by the way, almost every visitor to your site is on a PC that could use some type of help. PC Pitstop products are relevant and valuable to your visitors with eye-catching banners. This is a great opportunity for you to be part of a good thing. Join now and become part of the PC Pitstop Affiliate team.”.Rockstar has revealed the next piece of DLC for Max Payne 3 is set to arrive later this month.
Following a delay, the game’s Hostage Negotiation add-on will land on October 30th for PC, PS3, and Xbox 360.
The content adds new maps, rifles, suits, masks, explosions, and other such things. It runs $9.99, but will be free to those with a Rockstar Pass for the game.
Hostage Negotiation was originally due out in September for MP3, but Rockstar was forced to announce the setback after the month came and went without release.
AdvertisementPress Releases
Managing Students with Seizures Training
Training for school nurses in Colorado Springs
Mar 2, 2008
8:20am
Contact: Marcee Peterson, Program Manager
Epilepsy Foundation of Colorado
marcee@epilepsycolorado.org
303.377.9774
The Epilepsy Foundation of Colorado will be holding a school nurse training on April 4, 2008 in Colorado Springs.
“Managing Students with Seizures” is a training designed for school nurses. A pediatric neurologist and a registered nurse will present information about how to manage students with seizure disorders.
The participants will learn:
- The impact of seizures on learning and behavior
- Current treatment options and their side effects
- Simple strategies for creating a more positive and supportive environment
- Critical issues related to medication administration and delegation
- Key components of seizure action plan
- Appropriate first aid for all seizure types
- The essential elements of seizure training for school personnel
- Steps you can take now to help maximize educational and developmental opportunities for students with seizures
- Includes 3.2 ceu's through NASNJennifer Hudson's Pitch-Perfect Weight Watchers Campaign
Bobby Brown Is Wasted On TV…Again
Bobby Brown is a natural when it comes to reality television. On last night's Celebrity Fit Club, he drank enough vodka and beer—on a weight-loss show, mind you—to make him literally cross-eyed. »
10 Things You May Have Missed On TV This Week
Loose Lips
Celebrity Fit Club: Joanie Loves...Chocha?: Toccara Is Totally Not Fat… »
Toccara Loses Weight And Her Mind On New Celebrity Fit Club
The… »
Being Weight-Obsessed Makes You the Biggest Loser… »tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-20292755.post894382401656696814..comments2015-05-19T22:52:42.563-07:00Comments on Blessing of Kings: On Wikis and Raider101Rohan problem with EJ is that not everyone has the s...The problem with EJ is that not everyone has the same understanding of analytical skills to understand the important stickies that do explain the class mechanics. Neither are they able to know how to apply that knowledge to the game.<BR/><BR/>Your raider101.com is starting point that helps the beginning raider. But the big gap is still the analytical skills and knowing the application of that information.<BR/><BR/.Wena is an old addage - Give a man a fish and he ...There is an old addage - Give a man a fish and he eats for a day. Teach a man to fish and he eats for a lifetime.<BR/><BR/.<BR/><BR/>Elitist Jerks has all the why, but digesting theory is not simple. It is time consuming.<BR/><BR/>What you really need is a means to teach the theory, teach the why, so that people can come up with their own answers.Dyermaker you post a comment saying what you think is ...Could you post a comment saying what you think is wrong with the Holy and Retribution pages? As far as I know, all the information is correct.Rohan should make sure the locked pages have correct...You should make sure the locked pages have correct information. As it stand the holy paladin has several serious erros as well as the retribution page.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-20292755.post-68434424715615454292009-01-14T00:29:00.000-08:002009-01-14T00:29:00.000-08:00Looks like its time to decide if you want- An EJ-F...Looks like its time to decide if you want<BR/>- An EJ-Frontend<BR/>- A Wiki<BR/>- Some "How to play class x" - Articles<BR/><BR/>I'd prefer a well-rounded mix, because I like detailed information on the 'how', but if I only want to find out how to play my twink right all this 'why' is a bit much.<BR/>And don't get me started on all those spreadsheats. For some classes they seem to be used for everything from choosing weapons to choosing skill rotations, every class uses their own and they all seem to require a masters degree in rocket sience.Kiserannoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-20292755.post-62836670174397880242009-01-13T15:05:00.000-08:002009-01-13T15:05:00.000-08:00So basically you need something like revising chan...So basically you need something like revising changes 1st, so it doesn't become a gargantuan behemoth like EJ or wowwiki.<BR/><BR/>But if it gets popular, you'll have a hell of a lot of stuff to revise.Drazmor unrelated, but it might not be a bad idea...Somewhat unrelated, but it might not be a bad idea for someone more ambitious than me to start pvp101.com. Also, I figured out I could edit the home page (duh!) so Unholy Tank is now officially "in progress".Delos (Dave) still claim that Holy Light is the primary hea...<I>You still claim that Holy Light is the primary healing spell for holy pallies in raids. It is not, full stop. Flash of Light is still used 75% of the time.</I><BR/><BR/>I'm not claiming it. EJ is claiming it. And they back up the claim, pointing to the fact that with the various cost reducers, HL becomes a lot more efficient, almost to FoL level.<BR/><BR/>As a general rule, I treat EJ as the default authority, and you're going to need some significant evidence if you wish to contradict them.Rohan converse problem with the respected authors ap...Gwaendar, one thing that may help, is using the nested...Well, one thing that may help, is using the nested structure of the wiki to your advantage.<BR/><BR/>By having all the more advanced discussions relegated to the bottom of the page, or to another topic entirely, you may be able to offer a 'skin-deep' explanation very simply and have references and links to more advanced discussions.<BR/><BR/.<BR/><BR/>Locking some of the main pages so that you can organize how the information is presented, while allowing others to contribute to pages like: Poisons-Advanced may work for what you're going for.Vaelin"low of a signal to noise ratio...information is s..."low of a signal to noise ratio...information is spread throughout 30 pages of posts with no index"<BR/><BR/>I agree with yunk. I think the problem with ej isn't the amount of information, it's the lack of intuitive ways for the users to navigate through the information.Jong a website with simple, straightforward answ...Having a website with simple, straightforward answers on how gear/spec/play to -START- raiding would have value to many new players.<BR/><BR/>Keep it short, and easy to understand. Let EJ handle the How/Why questions.Michael've got it linked on my ultimate blogroll now!^_^...I've got it linked on my ultimate blogroll now!<BR/><BR/>^_^~One Among Many~ wrote an Unholy Death Knight tanking wiki on the...I wrote an Unholy Death Knight tanking wiki on there (which by the way still says empty instead of in-progress) and the tact that I took was to make things simple to read and a general strategy instead of specifics of fights.<BR/><BR/>For instance instead of putting <BR/>In this case, do X<BR/>In this case, do Y<BR/>etc<BR/><BR/>I put, in general you need to keep your blood runes on cooldown and keep your diseases up. <BR/><BR/>I don't think too much information is a problem, just too specific information.Delos (Dave) still claim that Holy Light is the primary hea...You still claim that Holy Light is the primary healing spell for holy pallies in raids. It is not, full stop. Flash of Light is still used 75% of the time.Rocklaw think I agree with Jacob in that soliciting arti...I think I agree with Jacob in that soliciting articles from respected members of the blogging community could help or at least get their help to review submittals before final posting.<BR/><BR/>If your goal is to keep things simple, then this will take a lot of time and effort on your part and a lot of support from others. Based on the responses here, it appears you have the support.<BR/><BR/.<BR/><BR/>I also highly suggest that a prescribed format be established and someone be responsible for editing (i.e. the respected experts).kyrilean is a case where too many cooks in the kitchen...This is a case where too many cooks in the kitchen spoil the pot.<BR/><BR/.<BR/><BR/>~Jason, DPS Liberation FrontAnonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-20292755.post-75680715887959153592009-01-13T07:14:00.000-08:002009-01-13T07:14:00.000-08:00To organize any mass of information, one has to de..?<BR/><BR/>And then you have the problem of folks who still have to pick and choose from the important pile and need tools to do it. <BR/><BR/.<BR/><BR/>It is not an easy task and I'd love to know if anyone has any better ideas.The Chilly Hollow Needlepoint Adventure just want to applaud you for this project. I th...I just want to applaud you for this project. I think it's a great idea, for while EJ is awesome, it's also...well, overload.I Like Bubbles am not sure the problem is too much information,...<BR/><BR/.yunkndatwunk not just edit the inst...Why not just edit the instead of making a new one? It has lots of pages specific to classes, raiding strategies, etc. All in need of attention. Hehe.Ticker the record! I DO have over 540 defence! :DI wa...for the record! I DO have over 540 defence! :D<BR/>I was messing around with different tanking gear last night to see what combo of items gives me the most benefit, I just logged out with the wrong gear on!<BR/><BR/>Damn you armory, you made me look silly again...Aerophilia guess this should have been thought about before...I guess this should have been thought about before the wiki was created/introduced. There were some pretty big deletions from the Holy Pally article on there.ace danger wrote: using a wiki for this has actually b...Rohan wrote: <I> using a wiki for this has actually brought up a problem I hadn't anticipated</I><BR/><BR/>Yes. If you have an "everybody can contribute" page, you'll end up with something rather like wowwiki, and while wowwiki is ok, it's not that great.<BR/><BR/.Jacob Aerophilia You can see the revision history of a...@ Aerophilia <BR/><BR/).<BR/><BR/>PS. you don't have 540 defense.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comCheers looking forward to it, heres hoping the weather holds up. Last 6miler done tonight in preparation and felt pretty good. Paul OH were you far off your normal 8/9 mile time with the beach section?
I was hoping to do Dundrum but I signed up for a 5k on Saturday before I knew about it. Hearing great things about it. A race in Groomsport went onto the beach for about 1k and it was by far the hardest part of an otherwise pretty difficult course. If there's a headwind then make sure you tuck in behind someone. It makes a massive difference!
4 x 1500m xc running yesterday. First time running in spikes and it felt really good. How would anyones xc times compare to road times on a reasonable course? My pace was pretty similar yesterday I think but the legs got heavier a bit quicker. I haven't raced xc before, first race is a 10k in 2 weeks.
I've heard great things about Dundrum though have never done it.
XC is not really about times to be honest B_Kins so I wouldn't bother thinking about them. Basically you just get into a race with people of similar pace to you. The ground wears you down a good bit which you wouldn't get in roads and you're fighting to get good lines through mud etc. Basically forget about times and just get into a race with people of similar ability would be my view...
I might attempt one of those sperrin harrier races at some stage - they sound good and I would expect they would suit anyone regardless of ability. (To be honest pretty much every race does and people realise that once they start running...)
B_Kins unless you get good firm condition your pace for croos country will be slower. Plodding your way round a course which has be cut up by earlier races takes its toll.
Cheers. I'll forget about the watch and try to judge who i can stay with. I've heard the course will be pretty dry though. Its on top of a limestone base that drains really well.
Cyclingnrunning (can I call you CNR ), I did 67.50 for the 8 miles so it didn't slow me down that much. It was just a case of putting the head down against the wind. As far as I remember the sand was quite firm and good for running on.
TG, good to hear you are planning a race soon. Has the hamstring injury cleared up ?
A question I have never heard asked after is a cross country is what time did you get... If you do one I think you'll understand why!!
Had some patchy running of late with a few niggles but hoping to get back into it the next few days. Joined the PEC and have done lots of cross training and about 3 or 4 runs a week so hopefully won't have lost too much. A good time at the Seeley not looking promising though
Some good running at the XC last saturday. Leek good to see you back at it.
I'm looking forward to the Seeley. I had a pretty rough, hungover run there last year so i'll be looking to hammer that time anyway
Busy catching up on all the news on here as I have just returned from the launch of my international marshalling career.at the Lake Garda marathon. I had the very enjoyable task of giving out the finishers medals to the marathon runners which helped make up for the fact that I couldn't run this year.
Welcome to the newbies who've joined the forum recently.
I'm not going to be able to make it to Dundrum on Saturday, but good luck to all doing it. I did it two years ago, and intended to take it easy as I was doing Dublin the following week, but as Paul OH says, the varying terrain and beach didn't really make much difference to the usual pace - in fact I came first in my category that year. I particularly enjoyed the mix of road, boardwalk, trail and beach, although I have to say that the weather was particularly good that day. Hope it's the same for you all this year. I'll look forward to hearing how everyone gets on.
Well done Mags always on the look out for a job.
5 miles in the rain last night. Forecast said light rain at 6.00pm I don't know what we are going to do when the heavy stuff comes. Enjoyable run but soaked to the skin.
Great to hear you'd a great time Margaret....catch you at a parkrun soon!.
Did the Drumbo8 today, what a lovely run! Superb weather and organised brilliantly. Very pleased with 1hr3mins58secs as well. Great mix of trail, road and beach will definitely be back next year.
Yes, great day at Dundrum. Got round in 1hr 13 mins - my last 2 miles were my fastest, and felt good at the finish which was pleasing. My Garmin measured route at 8.2 miles
KG55546 wrote (see).
It was great wasnt it, great mix of people and the different sections made it go quicker, I was slightly faster than normal as well which when you take in the beach section is very pleasing!
Sorry posted twice
Alwyn thats great running, I came in at just under 8minute miles which is about my limit at the minute, nothing left in the tank either at end, had to take a seat for the lady to get my chipI? map iy0 192.168.0.1/24 -> 0/32 proxy port ftp ftp/tcp map iy0 192.168.0.1/24 -> 0/32 portmap tcp/udp 40000:60000 map iy0 192.168.0.1/24 -> 0/32 rdr iy0 0/32 port 22 -> 192.168.0.5 port 22 rdr iy0 0/32 port 25 -> 192.168.0.5 port 25 rdr iy0 0/32 port 80 -> 192.168.0.5 port 80 rdr iy0 0/32 port 443 -> 192.168.0.5 port 443 I have also tried replacing the 0/32 in the rdr commands with 0.0.0.0/32.■ On May 17, 1937, Teddy Hill and His Orchestra recorded “King Porter Stomp” for RCA Victor’s Bluebird label in New York; making his recording debut was trumpeter Dizzy Gillespie.
■ In 1510, Early Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli died in Florence, Italy.
■ In 1792, the New York Stock Exchange had its origins as a group of brokers met on Wall Street.
■ In 1849, fire erupted in St. Louis, Mo., resulting in the loss of three lives and more than 400 buildings.
■ In 1912, the Socialist Party of America nominated Eugene V. Debs for president.
■ In 1946, President Harry S. Truman seized control of the nation’s railroads, delaying — but not preventing — a threatened strike by engineers and trainmen.
■ In 1954, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, unanimously struck down racially segregated public schools.
■ In 1961, Fidel Castro offered to release prisoners captured in the Bay of Pigs invasion in exchange for 500 bulldozers. (The prisoners were eventually freed in exchange for medical supplies.)
■ Singer Taj Mahal is 70. Singer-guitarist George Johnson of The Brothers Johnson is 59. TV personality Kathleen Sullivan is 59. Actor Bill Paxton is 57. Comedian Bob Saget is 56. Singer Enya is 51. Actor Craig Ferguson (“The Late Late Show”) is 50. Musician Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails is 47. Interior designer Thom Filicia (”Queer Eye for the Straight Guy”) is 43. Singer Jordan Knight (New Kids on the Block) is 42. Actor Sendhil Ramamurthy is 38
Read more here:
Letter: Debt could be in Amarillo's future | Comments: 1Nominate a star for 40 Under 40
Who's eligible?
Anyone working in the Chicago area who will be 39 or younger as of Nov. 30, 2015.
What are the criteria?
We look for a cross-section of people from the wide range of industries we cover — technology, consumer products, real estate, health care, finance, etc. — who are proven leaders in their field.
How do I nominate someone?
Simply fill out this online form. Be sure to note the nominee's date of birth.
What's the deadline for nominations?
Friday, May 29.
Can I fax or mail in my nomination?
No. Only submissions that come to us via the online form below will be accepted.
Can I call you to make sure you got my e-mail?
We receive hundreds of nominations each year. Please resist the urge to make follow-up calls.
When does the section appear in print?
Nov. 30, 2015.
Can I see examples of who's been named a 40 Under 40 in previous years?
Sure. Go to ChicagoBusiness.com/40under40 to see last year's honorees. Go to ChicagoBusiness.com/40history to see a year-by-year list of all past honorees dating back to 1989.
About the nominee
CD: (Live)
DVD:
You May Know Us From the Stage
Music Videos:
Not All Who Wander Are Lost
Clouds Over California
Pray For Villains
Fate Stepped In
Another Night In London
By submitting my information above, I acknowledge that I have reviewed and agreed to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Join the conversation:This company has cornered not one but two dining markets: seafood and "Hospitaliano." Darden Restaurants is the #1 casual-dining operator (in terms of revenue), with about 1,900 restaurants in the US and Canada. Its flagship chains include seafood-segment leader Red Lobster and top Italian-themed concept Olive Garden. Both chains cater to – more... families by offering mid-priced menu items, themed interiors, and primarily suburban locations. Darden also operates the LongHorn Steakhouse chain, with about 370 outlets. Other dining concepts include The Capital Grille (upscale steakhouse), Bahama Breeze (Caribbean food and drinks), and Seasons 52 (casual grill and wine bar).
Operations
Being at the forefront of the casual dining industry, Darden's flagship brands have come to epitomize the chain restaurant experience. Both Red Lobster (about 675 locations) and Olive Garden (roughly 750 locations) dominate the landscape of suburban America.
Strategy
Red Lobster and Olive Garden offer a version of seafood and Italian cuisine designed for mass appeal and affordability. Darden spends heavily on research and development in order to roll out a succession of new menu items that are heavily promoted through television advertising. The chains also utilize discount pricing and special offers to win business against the competition, including Applebee's, Chili's (operated by Brinker International), and Outback Steakhouse (OSI Restaurant Partners).
Darden has built its dining empire without the aid of franchising, a strategy that allows the company the highest degree of control for maintaining food and service quality. The major downside is the cost of operating and maintaining all those restaurants. The company is constantly focused on improving margins by negotiating lower prices for food and other ingredients and by adjusting its workforce to reduce labor costs.
The recession of recent years has posed serious challenges for most casual dining operators, but Darden's chains fared better than some of the company's competitors thanks to intense customer loyalty. The company did restructure its corporate office in mid-2012, eliminating about 40 positions in departments such as finance, human resources, supply chain, and building services.
Geographic Reach
Darden is looking outside of the US for growth, including plans to develop Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse locations in Puerto Rico. A Red Lobster opened in Dubai in July 2011. Most of the company's international growth emphasis has been on its Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse chains. However, Darden has been remodeling many of its domestic Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse units in lieu of adding new locations. – lessRegister now for free, or sign in with any of these services:
Know more about this business than we do? Cool! Please submit any corrections or missing details you may have.Help us make it right
Be the first cleveland.com user to add photos or videos of Signature Electric Inc
Signature Electric Inc is located at 3494 W 25th St, Cleveland, OH. This location is in the Clark - Fulton neighborhood. This business specializes in Electricians.FILE -)
The chairman of the Iowa GOP said Monday the state party won't co-sponsor presidential debates with NBC or CNN unless the networks cancel planned broadcasts of programming about Hillary Clinton, who is seen as Democrats' most popular choice for the party's presidential nomination.
The Republican Party of Iowa's A.J. Spiker issued a statement that agrees with one the Republican National Committee released earlier in the day that says the RNC is astounded by the television networks' "thinly veiled attempt at putting a thumb on the scales of the 2016 presidential election."
CNN plans to ...Thursday, November 11, 2004
-!!- Animal-Poke.
- Patent for a device that prevents animals such as cows from tearing down fences. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth510206/
- Pyrometer.
- Patent for improvement in pyrometers for more accurate and reliable use in cooking stoves. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth514330/
- Well Drilling Machine.
- Patent for an improvement in well drilling. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth508815/
- Pyrometer.
- Patent for a new and useful pyrometers "in which the motive power is a column of metallic balls of high expansive quality inclosed in a metallic tube of less expansive power" (line 9 - 12). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth511617/
- Automatic Alarm for Stem-Boilers.
- Patent for a new and useful automatic alarm for steam boilers, including instructions and illustrations. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth509789/
- Design for a Cabinet.
- Design patent for a cabinet with a rectangular body and an internal horizontal partition. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth174404/
- Desk Receptacle.
- Patent for a "novel, convenient, and ornamental bottle or receptacle, adapted to contain ink, a sponge, or the like, combined with a pin-cushion and a pen-wiper" (lines 11-14), with illustrations. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth173289/
- Car-Coupling.
- Patent for improvements in car-couplings by using coupler-head, coupling-pin, different shapes of plates, operating-lever and link-lifter to “couple and uncouple cars without necessitating a person passing between the cars.” (Lines 14-15) Illustration is included. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172816/
- Seed-Planter
- Patent for "a seed-planter for planting corn, cotton, and other seeds; and it has for its object to provide a device of this class which shall be simple, inexpensive, and efficient in operation" (lines 9-13). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172491/
- Cultivator.
- Patent for a new and improved cultivator. This design "relates to cultivators; and it has for its object to construct a device of this class . . . in which the blades or shovels shall be attached to the standards in such a manner that in the event of obstacles such as rocks or stumps being encountered during the operation of [the] machine the blades shall become detached, thereby avoiding injury to the machine" (lines 9-18). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172485/
- Wagon Spring.
- Patent for a new and improved wagon spring. This design "is to provide a vehicle in which springs of great strength may be employed which will not require stay-chains, and which will not increase the height of the wagon-body and cause inconvenience in loading and unloading the vehicle and in getting in and out, and, furthermore, to provide a vehicle in which the wagon-body may be but slightly elevated above the axles, and in which the springs will have great play" (lines 17-26). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172301/
- Corn Planter.
- Patent for a new and improved planter. This design consists in "[t]he combination of the plate, having extensions and laterally-extending arm or bracket, the hopper mounted upon the extension of the plate, the seed-slide or coiled spring connecting the front end of the latter with the bracket, metal plates secured to the front and rear sides of the rear wall of the hopper above the seed-slide, the brush or cut-off arranged between said plates, and suitable operating mechanism for retracting the seed-slide against the tension of the coiled spring" (lines 6-17). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172296/
- Packing Case.
- Patent for a new and improved packing-case. This design "relates to cases or cabinets for packing and transporting articles that are brittle and easily breakable, such as eggs, glassware, china, and the like; and it has for its object to provide a device or case containing a series of sub-compartments or boxes, each of which is provided with cells to receive and hold the individual articles to be packed, thus affording great security in transportation and convenience in handling and in exposing the articles for sale" (lines 8-18). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth172091/
- Planter.
- Patent for a new and improved planter. This design consists in "[t]he combination, with a plow, of the board, the clip detachably securing said board to the plow-beam, the hopper secured to the rear end of the board and provided with the openings and brush, the lever pivoted upon the clip, the spring, the seed-slide secured to the end of the rear arm of the lever, and the dropping-tube screwed through its wing to the plow standard" (lines 37-46). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth171939/
- Plow.
- Patent for a new and improved plow. This design "may be detached and used independent of the frame or carriage; also, that the tongue or pole may be detached and removed from the axle, and such axle, together with the bolster and hounds, may be applied to and used with the farm or other wagon. Thus by means of the attachments described a farmer can, by providing himself [or herself] with the pole and the attachments thereto . . . readily convert his [or her] ordinary walking plow into a wheel-plow by the aid of the hind wheels, axle, and hounds of his [or her] ordinary farm-wagon" (lines 72-84). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth171572/
- Cotton Chopper.
- Patent for a new and improved cotton chopper. This design "is to provide cotton-choppers constructed in such a manner that the cotton will be chopped to a stand by the passage of the machine along the rows of plants, leaving the hills of plants at uniform distances apart, and which shall be simple in construction, readily controlled, and convenient in use" (lines 17-24). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth171408/
- Car Coupling.
- Patent for a new and improved coupling for railroad cars. This design "relates to improvements in that class of car-couplings in which the link is held in the draw-head by a tongue engaging the link; and it consists in the peculiar construction and arrangement of parts" (lines 7-11). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth171082/
- Windmill.
- Patent for a new and improved windmill. This design "consists in the combination of a central vertical shaft a series of supporting-arms projecting horizontally out from this shaft, a number of curved buckets which are pivoted at or near their centers between these supporting-arms, and suitable springs or weights which are attached to the inner edges of these buckets" (lines 13-20). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth170352/
- Automatic Cylindrical Power.
- Patent for a new and improved cylindrical power-source. This design "consists in the combination of a cylindrical slotted frame with a series of blades which are connected together in pairs, and which are alternately forced through the slots in the frame to receive the force of the wind or water and then retracted, so that they will offer no resistance during a portion of the revolution of the frame. . . . The object of [the] invention is to produce a motor which is adapted for use either as a wind-wheel or a water-wheel" (lines 13-27). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth170254/
- Pump.
- Patent for a new and improved pump. This design utilizes a new combination and arrangement of cylinders, pistons, pipes, chambers, valves, screws, levers, and air and water vessels to pump water more effectively. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth170168/
- Improvement in Cotton Scrapers and Choppers.
- Patent for "the invention of a new and useful Improvement in Combined Cotton Scraper and Chopper" (lines 3-5), including illustrations. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth166415/
- Improvement in Shot-Cases and Distributers
- Patent for a "new receptacle for holding several grades of shot, and to an adjustable distributing device for the same. Its object is to enable traders to keep the several kinds or grades of shot in one receptacle, but so that suitable quantity of any one kind can be readily and conveniently measured out" (lines 20-26). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165264/
- Improvement in Cotton-Presses
- Patent for "a new and improved cotton-press" (line 3) using a stationary toothed wheel, including instructions and illustrations. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165254/
- Improved Cosmetic.
- Patent for improvements in the composition of cosmetics for removing freckles or tan-discoloration, including a description. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165337/
- Improved Cosmetic.
- Patent for improvement in cosmetics by using various chemicals to enhance the cosmetics in which it “can remove freckles or tan-discoloration from the skin, and for improving the complexion.” (Line 5-6) Formula for the improved cosmetic is included. Instructions on how to prepare the cosmetic and how to use the cosmetic are described. There is no illustration. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165147/
- Improvement in Tanning.
- Patent for improvements in tanning materials: "extractive matter for the manufacture of leather from the wood and bark of the mesquit - a tree of extensive growth on the prairies of western and north western Texas" (lines 9-13). texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165123/
- Improvement in Feeders for Cotton-Gins.
- Patent for the improvement of cotton-gin by feeding cotton in a uniform manner of removing sand and dirt, separating hulls, leaves, and imperfect pods for improved quality and reducing physical labor, including illustration. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165110/
- Improvement in Seed-Planters.
- Patent for a seed-planter using two vibratory vertical feed-wheels, similar in size to distribute different seeds at the same time, one is designed specifically for cotton seeds, illustration is included. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165083/
- Improvement in Seed-Planters.
- Patent for the improvement of seed planters using a gage-wheel "to regulate the depth of the furrow made by the plow" (lines 16-17), including illustration. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165064/
- Improvement in Cotton-Seed Planters.
- Patent for the improvement for planting cotton seeds using a toothed wheel and hopper, including illustration. texashistory.unt.edu/ark:/67531/metapth165058/New subscription
Renew my subscription
Give a gift
Pay my bill
Change my address
CLUB HORSE
19-Jul-11
Q: I recently had a fecal egg count done for my horse, and after we got the results, it was recommended that I deworm him with fenbendazole for five consecutive days, then wait ten days to deworm him again. Is this safe? Are there side effects I should watch out for?
A: Fecal egg counts (FECs) are an extremely important tool in today’s equine parasite control programs. For decades, horse owners and veterinarians alike merely administered dewormers because it was understood this was part of the routine management of horses, whether the animals needed the medication or not. This, among other practices, has caused the rapid development of antiparasitic resistance whereby a certain drug may not work anymore on a particular population of parasites. Antiparasitic resistance is already a huge problem of international concern in the small ruminant (sheep and goats) industry and it is a matter of time before this problem reaches the horse world if proper scientific and pharmacological practices are not implemented on a routine basis. FECs are one such practice.
FECs are performed on a fairly fresh fecal sample that your veterinarian examines under the microscope. Parasite eggs are then counted and used to infer the approximate parasite load in your horse. FECs provide your vet an objective measurement of the parasite burden in your horse at a particular point in time. If the FEC reveals a certain level of eggs beyond which is acceptable, then it is appropriate to treat your horse with a dewormer. FECs prevent treating horses who are not infected at all or who only have a low acceptable number of parasites, keeping in mind that up to a certain level, some parasites are tolerable in your horse’s gut.
FECs can also identify, to an extent, what types of parasites are infecting your horse. Knowing both the amount of infection and what worms are involved greatly helps your vet decide on the appropriate dewormer to use since not all dewormers are created equal. Take a peek in the equine section of your local farm supply store or catalog and you may likely get overwhelmed by the myriad of different brands of dewormers. The worms that are sensitive to each drug are listed on the label, making it a little easier to narrow down the choices once you know what your horse is infected with.
The recommendation to treat your horse with fenbendazole in such a way has been marketed as a “PowerPac”. This is indicated for cases of small strongyles, a very common type of equine internal parasite, and is a common way to deworm horses.
Fenbendazole is an extremely safe antiparasitic and in fact one of the safest drugs you can give your horse. It has been demonstrated that fenbendazole is safe even when overdosed at one hundred times the appropriate dose. Aside from the safety of the drug, the level of parasite load being targeted may have an impact on a horse’s health. Occasionally, severely parasitized horses can suffer hypersensitivity reactions to the sudden kill of a large amount of parasites in their gut. A large parasite kill can also occasionally result in intestinal impaction, as the massive amount of dead parasites travels through the gut en route to be expelled. Each of these scenarios, however, is reserved in rare cases of extreme parasitism.
-- Anna O'Brien, DVM
Ask your questions on the HorseChannel.com Forums >>
See more Expert Q&As >>
Submit your Ask the Expert question >>
Janet Sturgeon Bay, WI
10/15/2014 12:02:02 PM
Our vet office does FEC for $20. What I'd like to know is what actual numbers are acceptable. Are all FEC done using the same grid slide and if so then is 150 per low is 1,050 high?
Galadriel Lothlorien, ME
7/24/2011 4:11:02 PM
Great article. With a bad case like this it's best to treat it with a bang! Don't want any worms leftover to develop resistance!
Emma Winter Park, FL
7/24/2011 12:49:24 PM
Very good artical
PKL somewhere, WY
7/21/2011 6:49:37 AM
I wonder what the cost of having this done is. I am sure it is worth it, but when some wormers are 3-10 dollars, what is the better value.
Hi, my name is
Temperance.
Visit the photo gallery to cast your vote »
Get the latest horse-world news, equine health and training info, contest announcements and more.
HorseChannel
HorseChannel takes your privacy seriously. To learn more, please read our privacy policy.© The Financial Times Ltd 2015 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
June 21, 2008 5:12 am
It was in the spring of 2007 that Anne Hurst, a Florida real estate agent, first saw The Oaks equestrian community in the countryside near her Lake City home. After attending the ground-breaking ceremony, her mind was made up. “This is where I want to live,” she recalls telling her husband.
“It was like Disneyland for me,” says Hurst, a former professional horse groomer in her native England.
Equestrian living has become increasingly popular with wealthy buyers attracted to rural landscapes combined with luxury residences and the amenities found in private golf communities. Their reasons for choosing this lifestyle are varied, but follow two themes: horses and open space.
Equestrians and non-riders – even golfers – say they would rather watch horses than golf carts whiz by their kitchen windows. Horses symbolise luxury and provide a connection to times past.
The idea of building homes around horses is not new. But a sophisticated approach has caught on, particularly in the south-eastern and western parts of the US, and also in Europe, South America and elsewhere.
While the US real estate slump has slowed equestrian projects in some areas, including California and Florida, developers say there remain plenty of wealthy homebuyers keen to invest in property. Jennifer Donovan, principal of Equestrian Services in Charlottesville, Virginia, says the subprime mortgage crisis is about primary homeowners, whereas buyers of equestrian residences may own two or three homes.
“It is actually a great time to get really good deals,” says Donovan, whose firm, which she co-owns with her husband Michael, joins with housing and resort developers to design and manage their equestrian operations.
At a minimum, equestrian developments have a community barn staffed with instructors, riding rings and trails. The sites, one to 10 acres and more, typically border open space. Amenities may include restaurants, shared event space, concierge services, fitness and spa facilities, sporting and social events and lakes or streams for fishing. Barns and other facilities in top-tier equestrian communities exhibit quality design finishes on a par with country clubs.
Equestrian living is becoming more popular, especially with baby boomers heading toward retirement and “the good life”. Similarly, young parents are attracted to the simpler lifestyle where horses and land provide a powerful antidote to their technology-stressed city life, and where children can spend more time outdoors. Some buyers inclined toward “green” living favour pasture lands over water-intensive golf courses, says Donovan.
Horse owners, for their part, gain an amenity that just may beat all others: someone else cleans the barn.
“You’ve got everything right there,” says Hurst who, with her husband Tim, is building a home in The Oaks. Six years ago, the couple sold their horses and a rural home because it felt isolated. By contrast, The Oaks retains its rural setting but is a short drive to major highways and into town.
The couple had originally eyed a two-acre lot, but decided on four and a half acres should future owners want to build their own barn – a smart move for resale.
“For me, it’s a new lease on life,” Hurst says. “It just took my heart away.”
That sentiment is echoed elsewhere. Nine years ago Stan Lent learnt about plans for the Santa Lucia Preserve outside Carmel, California. After touring the land with his wife Robin, Lent recalls her saying: “This is what I’ve been looking for all of my life.”
“It feels like Montana in California,” Lent says, yet it is close to family and friends in the San Francisco Bay Area. A full-scale equestrian operation is one of the neighbourhood’s draws, but more compelling for Lent, who is a keen golfer, is the Tom Fazio-designed golf course.
At 20,000 acres, the Santa Lucia Preserve is larger than the island of Manhattan, but only 2,000 acres can be developed as the remainder is a nature preserve. Homes and facilities, including ranch and golf clubs, five-star restaurant and guest quarters in a historic and renovated old ranch house, are designed in a Baja hacienda style.
Lent, a dentist, and his wife were the project’s first residents in 2001, and here their hobby of real estate investing turned into a second career. Lent has built and sold three homes in the area. The return has been good, he says, but the personal and spiritual rewards of living in “The Preserve” far exceed any financial benefit.
“When I’m not selling real estate, I’m golfing, hiking, mountain-bike riding,” he says. “I’m enjoying the sense of community. The Preserve has attracted people I like to be with ... people who like the outdoor space.”
Lots range from five to 75 acres, so “social life is as much or as little as you want it to be”, he adds.
There is often a strong sense of community between homeowners and riders – particularly in developments where the barn and trails are used by equestrians who live outside the neighbourhood. While the equestrians gain access to top-notch facilities and programmes typically funded by developers and homeowners’ dues, residents savour the surroundings.
Done right, such neighbourhoods acquire what developer Bob Gray calls “a sense of place”. At High Prairie International Polo Club in Douglas County, Colorado, residents will be able to watch polo matches on fields that longtime polo player Gray, president of The Gray Group, is building together with equestrian training facilities.
He has amassed about 2,000 acres – half of it open space – next to the Colorado Horse Park, a regional hub for equestrian sports. Bike and horse trails will run throughout the property and connect to more than 100 miles of county trails. He is banking on horse park events and the “panache of polo” to draw affluent buyers to High Prairie, where all 55 home sites offer big-sky views of the Rocky Mountains. Prices for homes will start at about $1.5m on 2.5-acre lots.
While High Prairie has positioned itself around polo and the Cartier set, other equestrian communities, such as American Ranch in Prescott, Arizona, have adopted a “western” ranch theme tied to the allure of the American cowboy.
Developer m3companies has capitalised on a popular resort trend – family vacations at high-end “dude ranches” – with the added twist that enthusiasts can now live year-round at American Ranch.
Meanwhile, Brad Dicks, developer of the The Oaks in Florida, which is the first O’Connor Signature community, says branding can communicate credibility.
This is usually because a famous name is attached to the property – much the same as Jack Nicklaus has done with golfing communities. In the case of Equestrian Services in Charlottesville, the firm is partnering with Olympic equestrians Karen and David O’Connor and John Lyons, dubbed “America’s Most Trusted Horseman”. Donovan says the riders are only putting their names on developments that meet a stringent set of criteria for amenities, safety and professionalism.
“The riding programmes are approved and developed by the namesakes themselves,” Donovan says. “They come annually and teach a clinic.”
Prospective buyers should look at the resale value of homes in equestrian communities that have been around for some time. For example, home prices at the Ford Plantation, an 1,800-acre community on the Georgia coast, 18 miles from Savannah, have appreciated by an average of 25-30 per cent over the 10 years since the project opened, says Lisa Andrews, Ford’s president of sales and marketing.
In the Santa Lucia Preserve, sales have averaged just under $1,000 a sq ft in the past 20 or so months. However, Stan Lent notes that only a handful of the 60 homes built to date have been resold. A five-bedroom Arthur Valdes-designed hacienda that Lent built and sold three years ago for $4.5m is now listed at $6.75m.
As equestrian communities proliferate, buyers may wonder if, like golf communities, they will reach saturation, threatening resale values. While that might be a possibility, high-end equestrian communities and their residents enjoy an advantage over their golf-course counterparts – untouched land seldom falls out of favour.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2015. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.
Sign up for email briefings to stay up to date on topics you are interested inDLDcities Rio de Janeiro: Solutions for Infrastructure and Society
MUNICH, August 6, 2013 /PRNewswire/ --
Roundtable discussion with renowned participants such as Rio's Mayor Eduardo Paes, social entrepreneur Rodrigo Baggio, Paolo Stark (CEO Siemens Brazil), investor Nic Gautier and Fernanda de Arruda Camargo (Livewright)
On 8 August 2013, DLDcities touches base in Rio de Janeiro, a city of the future and a city of extremes. Two mega-events, the 2014 Football World Cup and the 2016 Olympic Games, are on the horizon and posing substantial challenges to the city as well as to its inhabitants and institutions. Social discontent, pressing infrastructural issues as well as climatic and ecological changes require long-term planning. The DLDcities roundtable in Rio will be dealing with these challenges as well as the opportunities offered by digital and technological progress.
(Logo: )
The Mayor of Rio de Janeiro, Eduardo Paes, will be the keynote speaker at DLDcities Rio. Further speakers include Rodrigo Baggio, social entrepreneur and founder of the Center for Digital Inclusion (CDI), who will talk about social innovation through the provision of computer hardware and training to people in poor, rural areas of Brazil. Fernanda de Arruda Camargo and her company Livewright are experts for the transfer of value creation involved in the upcoming mega-events to other areas by launching public-private partnerships and economic initiatives. As CEO of the number one infrastructure provider Siemens, Paolo Stark will present smart grid and efficient infrastructure solutions. The debate will aim at defining the future of urban environments and at establishing what could be learned from the current protests.
DLD founder and Managing Director Stephanie Czerny and DLDcities Curator Lukas Kubina: "In our new, urbanized world, cities are the places where all social challenges are culminating. The effects of the economic crisis, gross ecological neglect, the political climate and large-scale migration are topics that will soon concern us all. We believe that cities are more than a mere reflection of the current state of the world; they are seismographs of future developments, hotbeds of innovation and avant-garde thinking, and the arena in which to tackle the challenges involved in the rapid urbanization. The DLDcities conference in the megacity of Rio de Janeiro will allow us to listen and get involved in the debate. We want to learn and find out how to master these challenges."
In only a few decades, up to 80% of the global population will live in big cities. This is why issues such as sustainability, pollution, infrastructure and energy consumption are increasingly taking center stage. With the rise of new technologies in cities, new buildings and objects, these are beginning to communicate with us. Companies, governments and citizens are more and more closely connected and will have to step up their cooperation. An interdisciplinary approach is key in this endeavor. Architecture is turning toward biosynthetic materials, energy companies are experimenting with 'window farming', design is focusing more strongly on technology and vice versa.
For more information on DLDcities 2013 in Rio de Janeiro, please see
--
Background information:
DLD is a hub for an innovative exchange on digitalization and the lasting effects it has on our lives. Since its early days in 2005, DLD has grown to become one of Europe's leading digital conferences. As a first, in 2012, the spin-off DLDcities dealt specifically with the challenges and opportunities of cities on a government level, urban architecture and design, active citizenship and the power of technology. The first DLDcities conference took place on 21 September 2012 at the Crystal in East London. Staged in cooperation with DLD's long-standing partner, Siemens, the one-day event marked the kick-off for an ongoing debate on urban planning.
DLD is a global conference network on innovation by Hubert Burda Media. DLD Media hosts Europe's leading digital conference DLD, the female themed conference DLDwomen as well as international networking events in Palo Alto, New York, Tel Aviv, Istanbul, Rio de Janeiro and Beijing. Additionally to the conferences, DLD Media produces publications, online and video formats, studies and consults partner companies, startups, investors and institutions. Stephanie Czerny, who co-founded the DLD conference in 2005, is managing director.
For further information please contact:
Katharina Kirsch
Senior PR Manager Digital
Corporate Communications
Hubert Burda Media
Burda GmbH
Arabellastraße 23
81925 Munich, Germany
Phone: +49-89-9250-2065
Web:
SOURCE Hubert Burda MediaThe 2013 MTV Movie Awards don't have the prestige of the
Oscars, but with new categories "best shirtless moment" and "best
musical moment," they're a lot of fun. This year, the golden popcorn
trophies went to (*** = winner):
Best
Male performance:
Ben Affleck, Argo
***Bradley Cooper, Silver Linings Playbook
USA TODAYEndless Summer
Search Results for "chef-mike-lata-of-fig-in-charleston-sc"
1-3 of 3 results
Sort by:
Recipes
Chicken and Dumplings
Printed: February 2012 Servings: 6-8
Chefs
Collection
America's Best New Restaurants 2014
From a sprawling downtown market to a Thai food truck to an adorable "pastry luncheonette," these are 2014's Best New Restaurants, chosen by Andrew Knowlton...
See the collectionLorde ft. Gilbere Forte - Royals (RAAK Remix)
Featuring: Gilbere Forte'
Producer: RAAK
Album: None (Promo Single)
Avg Rating:
3.3 ( 6 votes )
Royals, the debut single from New Zealand pop songstress Lorde, has yet to crack the Top 40 Stateside (it currently sits at #59), but if I were a betting man, I’d put money on it blowing up. Whether it’s the catchy melody or the quirky, minimal production, it exudes a crossover appeal that few listeners are able to resist. Even Booth fave Gilbere Forte’s been bumping it, as evidenced by this freshly-released remix of the cut. Frequent collaborator RAAK mans the mixing boards, serving up a skeletal, trap-informed deconstruction of the record’s artist-produced beat. Over the tweaked instrumental, the EPIC Records rhymesayer delivers an engagingly-flowed rundown of his aspirations in the game. Has Forte’ done justice to the reader-approved original? If you’re feeling this revamp, you’ll doubtless find more to like on his PRAY LP, available now for free streaming and download in the Booth.
Lorde Gilbere Forte' IndieAlternative
Written by richard on Aug 07, 2013
More from Lorde
Submit your Rating
You Might Like...
Featured Video
DJBooth TV
TOP 20 MUSIC CHARTS
Discover the best new songs, videos, and albums added to the Booth.This is an advertisement.
Support and help for men and fathers before, during, and after divorce
Postby Coltsfan » Wed Mar 07, 2012 11:28 am
Postby -done- » Wed Mar 07, 2012 11:38 am
Postby Coltsfan » Wed Mar 07, 2012 11:52 am
jumbledone wrote:I am actually working on informal discovery requests from STBX's counsel (literally right now). I am pulling up statements of all things up to a year ago, so depending upon your time horizon, you may be required to disclose any movement of monies. I figure if I don't do this, it will be compelled at some point.
Postby hoosier_dad » Wed Mar 07, 2012 11:54 am
Postby Here_We_Go » Wed Mar 07, 2012 11:59 am
Postby Coltsfan » Wed Mar 07, 2012 12:07 pm
hoosier_dad wrote:First thing to keep in mind in Indiana case law is that attorney fees are awarded based on who can pay and not necessarily what is fair. Taking marital funds and using it to pay your legal bills is a pretty good way to get awarded your STBX's attorney fees as well. Along with that you don't want to go into court looking like a rose financially with no credit card debt etc. Judge looks at poor STBX struggling to get by and you with paid off credit cards and who do you think the judge might assign attorney fees to?If your 16 yr old wants to live with you primarily and is willing to voice that wish then it will most likely happen. Indiana child custody laws do take into account the child's wishes and gives more weight to those that are 14yrs and older. This dovetails nicely into you keeping the house as well.
Postby hoosier_dad » Wed Mar 07, 2012 12:11 pm.
Postby Coltsfan » Wed Mar 07, 2012 12:19 pm
hoosier_dad wrote.It's not really the moving of assets to protect them that is the issue, it's using them for things like paying your attorney that could get you in trouble. Not recommending this for everyone, but I removed 100% of the marital funds into an account I controlled. The money was not touched in any way until our settlement and did not impact my case negatively. Some judges would hammer you if you took more than 50%, but in my case since I could show that the money was not touched the judge didn't even consider it an issue. This is one of those items that can vary widely state to state and judge to judge, but I'm betting most will hammer you pretty hard if you pull out the marital funds and use them to pay your attorney.
Postby hoosier_dad » Wed Mar 07, 2012 12:24 pm
Postby Coltsfan » Wed Mar 07, 2012 12:30 pm
hoosier_dad wrote:Do both you and your wife work full time? If so what are the earnings differences?.May 1946
September 18, 2012
The last edition of the WAVES newsletter was published in May of 1946. The WAVE is Lottie Coltoniak of Rochester, New York, on dduty in Washington, DC.
It comes from The Arthur and Elizabeth Schlesinger Library on the History of Women in America at the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, Harvard University.Daily Kos member
don corazon's Profile
Diaries published: 4 (1501 days since last diary on Tue Apr 12, 2011 at 05:49 AM PDT)
Comments posted: 40 (97 days since last comment on Sat Feb 14, 2015 at 07:00 AM PST)
Diary frequency: seldom
Comment frequency: often
Total Recommends: 10
Total Comment Ratings: 40
Most Recommended Diary: 15 minutes for health care reform?, 5 comments, 5 recommends
People Following don corazon: 0
don corazon's Most Frequent Tags:
don corazon's Most Recent Diaries:
Recommended by don corazon
- A friend once told me that the wealthy elite didn't want to just "roll back" the New Deal, they wanted to roll back the entire 20th Century. His point was that all the social gains of the 20th ...209 comments 692 Recs
- Today’s email included a passionate plea from CREDO. A company called ArborGen, Inc. is developing genetically modified pine seedlings, and CREDO wants me to sign a petition to save the planet ...437 comments 116 Recs
- I. Jim Rutenberg of the Times is in love. Jim Rutenberg has written a lengthy love letter to Megyn Kelly and Fox News in today's [New York Times Magazine Cover Story. comments 131 Recs
- Reposted on the anniversary of the assassination of Rev. King. MB This will be a very short diary. It will not contain any links or any scholarly references. It is about a very ...1030 comments 1686 Recs
- Science has shown that there is no god. No. Just, no. Read the diary on [ the limits of science]. Science also cannot show ...785 comments 225 Recs
- 22 states in 4 years. Laws demonstrably aimed at keeping the black, the brown, the young and the urban from being represented in Congress. It's ugly. And it's effective. But there's a way to stop ...177 comments 240 Recs
- The numbers for the fracking industry have never really added up, but according to yesterday's Bloomberg article the amount of lies and deception is a bubble waiting to burst. “They’re ...173 comments 233 Recs
- 50 comments 129 Recs
- Pardon. It's late. I made the mistake of reading some comments on the internet. A particular comment, regards the estimated 3 million new, full-time jobs created by President Obama's stimulus act, ...168 comments 559 Recs
- No. 1 and 2: But enough about what I think, what do you think I think? It's official. Sen. ...152 comments 107 Recs
don corazon's Tags
- No current results.
don corazon's Blogroll
- No current results.April 16, 2012
"Physicist writes four-page math paper to beat $400 traffic ticket."
"The paper concludes that due to the officer's placement, the sneeze and the obstructing car, the cop's 'perception of reality did not properly reflect reality.'"
16 comments:
Reminiscent of the old "How Hot Is Hell?" bit.
(if you've never read it, do so; you need the laugh)
Why would you ticket someone if you can't see what they're doing?
I've managed to "beat" only one traffic ticket in my entire life. The exception was while driving around St louis, MO, on the old belt way (before freeway there)and ws stopped by a police officer for speeding ...e.g., exceeding 50 MPH or so. I was as pleasantly as possible and suggested he couldn't have timed me correctly in as much as he was in the outside lane of a curve, while I was on the inside ..e.g., he had to be going faster than me to keep up with me.
He said okay, you may go, that's the first time I ever heard that one.
I beat a red light ticket in a similar fashion.
It was an extended intersection. My stop line was a couple hundred feet from where the cop car was waiting at the light at the point where the two roads intersected perpendicularly.
The cop didn't see me run the red light; he pulled me over when he saw me drive by after his light had turned green. He had inferred I had run my red light.
So, I got a scaled street plan and measured the distances. I returned to the intersection with a friend to measure the time between my light turning yellow and the cop's light turning green.
I wrote the distance and time equations on a piece of cardboard, and showed that a car traveling the posted speed couldn't traverse the distance in time.
Sounds abstruse, but it was pretty obvious while it actually happened.
The magistrate found in my favor. He said the most important thing was I didn't argue the cop had lied, only perceived the situation incorrectly based upon what he saw.
I told him, "like Einstein said, it's all relative."
My wife was once told by the police officer that he would have stopped her sooner, but she was going so fast he couldn't catch up to her quickly. She got off, she was wearing her nurse's uniform (this was in 1978)
In California there is a process for traffic violations called the TR-205, Trial by Declaration. What it allows you to do is basically send in a written statement of why you are not guilty of said traffic violation with any attached evidence, plus the full bail bail amount of the ticket in the form of a check. It is sent to a commissioner, not a judge. The ticketing officer has, I believe 25 - 30 days to respond in writing to that same commissioner and then a determination of innocence or guilt is made and you are sent that determination in the mail. If you are guilty, you can proceed with appealing it or ask for traffic school, etc. If you are innocent, you are sent back the full amount of the bail you sent in and no record of the violation.
I've been 100% successful using this method and here is why. First of all, I never have to go into court to argue my case, just stand at the clerks desk to get the paperwork and ask for an extension. Second of all, I can plead my case on paper and use whatever tools I need at my disposal to make that case, which wouldn't be so easy to do in a court setting. Thirdly, there is roughly a 90% chance that the ticketing officer will not write a response to my evidential response to the violation and for one specific reason; He doesn't get paid for it.
In California, an officer actually gets overtime to come to court to face the violator. He doesn't get paid to write a response. If you are a plain jane offender, more often than not, he won't remember you, so that's why I simply follow instructions and make myself as unobtrusive and forgettable to him as possible. Then when I go TR-205 on him/her they most likely will not remember the violation or you, and under penalty of perjury and not being paid will simply ignore the commissioners response. Summary judgement, I win and I spend little to no time in doing it. The End.
Elliott A said...
My wife was once told by the police officer that he would have stopped her sooner, but she was going so fast he couldn't catch up to her quickly. She got off, she was wearing her nurse's uniform (this was in 1978)
Professional courtesies are almost always used. Now, if your wife is hot in that nurses outfit, even more 'courtesy' is shown.
The only time I got off, it was more political. It was in the late '60s when campuses had a lot of political turmoil. Luckily for me, it was Tuesday, the day ROTC members wore uniforms on campus. I am convinced my warning in place of a ticket was due to my short hair and uniform.
Where is rh.. this post is nothing to sneeze at ;)
Was the physicist Sheldon Cooper?
I was in an exident at night at the junction, that was the other driver fault. However, he had witnesses in his car, who all claimed that it was my fault. The guy also did not have insurance and was entitled for a state paid lawyer who decided to prosecute me. A lawyer I got from my insurance was absolutely useless. After 2 years I ended all the idiocy by writing a letter that shown that according to the other driver's and his pals' story he found the way to over-ride the laws of physics, and suggested to prosecute the other side for giving false witness. I'm a mechanical engineer, and knew what I'm saying was right. However, I get mad when I think that, if I was not, how it would end.
One trick that sometimes works for getting out of traffic tickets involves the insurance cards that many states require all vehicles to carry. What you do is make sure that you have an expired card in the vehicle (while keeping your policy effective, of course). If a cop stops you, hand him the expired card along with your registration. So long as the underlying violation isn't too serious, the cop sometimes will give you a ticket just for the expired card. It doesn't matter to him because either type of ticket will count toward his quota. In most states, all you then have to do is mail in a copy of the current insurance card along with the ticket and it will be dismissed at no cost.
We all need to hire this physicist to explain to all the pundits that the statistics on DWI relating to "alcohol-related" accidents have no basis whatsoever in science.
We are rightly concerned with alcohol's role in causing accidents or in being a contributing factor.
But the stats on this are not available. The stats we have regarding "alcohol-related" incidents have no scientific or rational bearing on causation, including, as they do, stats on incidents involving sleeping drunks in cars hit by a sober driver, a drunk pedestrian hit by a sober driver, and accidents involving a drunk driver who was hit or killed through no fault of his own, etc.
The only two ways to determine the stats on DWI-causation of accidents are by scientific analysis or by judgment in a court of law. All the other stats the pundits like to cite regarding "alcohol-related" accidents or deaths are based on religion or other superstition.
I am convinced my warning in place of a ticket was due to my short hair and uniform.
I got out of a ticket back in 1981 while wearing my uniform. I was driving an old hunk of junk van and was pulled over by a Nebraska State Trooper. He asked me if I knew how fast I was going and I truthfully told him no. Few of the guages worked in that van and I honestly had no sure idea how fast I was going. He told me to slow down a bit and let me go.
it doesn't take a 'rocket scientist'. i've gotten out of two tickets by making a several page declaration, complete with photos and diagrams, as to why the cop couldn't possibly have seen me in the first instance and why the charge was completely bogus in the second. sometimes the truth really can set you free.
I think this man was very lucky because he found this way to beat his ticket....I'm sure his paper was studied and the next person that would try to beat a ticket this way will have no chance unless she's innocent.
I asked my lawyer about this case and he told me that this is one in a million and that he's sure it won't become a trend.
I share his opinion and that's why he's gonna be my choice when I want to beat a traffic ticket TorontoAmerican sampler stitches
Contributed by Maine Historical Society
Item 5723
enlarge
zoom
add to album
These stitches are shown originally in the book "American Samplers" by Ethel Stanwood Bolton and Eva Johnston Coe. The book was published in 1921 by the Massachusetts Society of the Colonial Dames of America. It is Plate CXX.
Other Information
- Title: American sampler stitches
- Creation Date: 1921
- Subject Date: 1921
- Media: Book plate, jpg
- Dimensions (cm): 17 x 24
- Local Code: 746 B639
- Object Type: Image
For more information about this item, contact:
Maine Historical Society
489 Congress Street, Portland, ME 04101
(207) 774-1822
Cross Reference Searches
LC Subject Headings
Sewing--United States
Samplers--United States
Share what you know about this item
... Or if there's a problem with this page, tell us.
We do NOT offer appraisals on like items. Check our Note on Appraisals.Some Reviews and Testimonials
Simply click on the boldprint to read
A
Some Facebook photos of previous cookery courses
FRENCH FLAKES - my blog about life in France
PROFILE Irish Food Writers' Guild
TAKING THE PLUNGE - by Lizzie Gore Grimes, published in the Sunday Tribune, July 19, 2009 (no longer available online)
Hang tight!
Recipe by TerryWilson
"The flavor of watermelon comes through beautifully in this homemade sherbet recipe."
Hmm. None of these ingredients are on sale today.
Show ingredients on sale
Sort stores by
Save money at local stores when ingredients are on sale!
Watch video tips and tricks
4 cups
diced seedless watermelon
1 cup
white sugar
3 tablespoons
lemon juice
1 dash
salt
1/4 cup
cold water
1 (.25 ounce) envelope
unflavored gelatin
1 cup
chilled heavy cream
PREP
COOK
READY IN
I was scared to try this for my daughters first birthday - a watermelon party - because of the lack of ratings. It was fabulous! I was afraid it would be too sweet, but I made it just as suggested and it came out perfect. It's more like sorbet or gelato than ice cream. Very refreshing! I gave the recipe to several people that requested it..
28 Ratings
This is the first recipe I've felt compelled to review. It is a covered container and stored it back in the freezer. We'll use this recipe as a jumping pad for other fruit sorbets for sure. I'm envisioning pineapple-coconut, cantaloupe-mint, whatever happens to be in season! Thanks Terry Wilson for sharing!
This sherbet is amazing! The lemon juice gives it just the right kick. You won't want to stop eating it!!!
Watermelon is one of my very favorites and this sherbet was great! The only problem was that it did not freeze well in my ice cream freezer.!
YUMMY! Just made this. It's still setting in the freezer. Tasted it after I ran it in the ice cream machine. Very creamy and very yummy. I double the recipe except for the sugar. (I thought two cups was way too much) Turned out perfect. Will definitely make this again.
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Watermelon Sherbet
Serving Size: 1/8 of a recipe
Servings Per Recipe: 8
Amount Per Serving
Calories: 227 summer refresher.
See how to make a sensational summer salad. So refreshing!
This cool, refreshing juice stars cucumbers, watermelon, and lime.Contract Information and Resources
PS&T 2011-15 Agreement
Other Bargaining Units Represented by PEF
- Albany County Probation
- Albany Housing Authority
- Lockport Memorial Hospital
- NYS Canal Corporation
- Schools for the Deaf and Blind
- NDRI Research Unit
PS&T Contract FAQs
Current PS&T Salary Schedule
Salary Schedule:
Effective March 27, 2014 (Admin.)
Effective April 3, 2014 (Inst.)
For additional salary information (including historical PS&T Salary Schedules, visit the New York State Department of Civil Service website.
OSC Payroll Bulletins
03/07/2014 – Payroll Bulletin Number: 1310 – April 2014 Public Employees Federation (PEF) Longevity Lump Sum (LLS) Payment
03/25/2014 – Payroll Bulletin Number: 1316 – April 2014 Public Employees Federation (PEF) Performance Advances
03/28/2014 – Payroll Bulletin Number: 1319 – April 2014 Public Employees Federation (PEF) Salary Increase
Contract Questions Submission Form
Contract Resource Center
♫
Listen to free music by San Francisco Symphony
Blip.fm is internet radio made social. It's easy to search for, play, and discover free music recommended by real people. Join today to create your own free station.
Artists Like San Francisco Symphony
Blip.fm DJs who play San Francisco Symphony
Friends: MerchantCircle | Charity Blossom | Website Load TestingMuch like our face, always-exposed hands can show our true age. Take charge and change that with the reformulated Paula's Choice Resist Ultimate Anti-Aging Hand Cream SPF 30 with Antioxidants.
This gentle hand cream bathes skin in a powerful blend of anti-aging antioxidants, while broad-spectrum sunscreen ingredients shield skin from the sun's damaging rays, preventing brown spots and thin, crepe-y skin. With daily use, hands get the care they need to look younger and feel softer.
FEATURES & BENEFITS:
DIRECTIONS: Apply liberally to clean, dry hands every morning and as needed throughout the day. Reapply after washing hands.
Price: $13.00 (1.7.Semple Thompson wins 15th WGAWP titleJuly 21, 2012 12:15 AM
It took 90 extra minutes to get on the course, and it took three extra holes to get off it, but in the end, Carol Semple Thompson left Oakmont Country Club Friday with yet another trophy.
Semple Thompson won her 15th Women's Golf Association of Western Pennsylvania championship thanks to a sudden-death, match-play victory over Courtney Myhrum.
"They don't get any less enjoyable," Semple Thompson said. "In fact, with each year, as I get older, they get a lot more enjoyable as they get harder."
After an hour-and-a-half rain delay before the first hole, Myhrum certainly made Semple Thompson work for the win. Myhrum won three of the first five and held the lead until the 17th hole. Then again, Myhrum expected a comeback from the World Golf Hall of Famer all along.
"She had some trouble," said Myhrum, the medalist Monday from stroke-play qualifying. "But I turned to my caddie after the [fifth] hole when I was 3 up and I said, 'Justin, trust me, this won't last long. She's going to straighten it out and she'll be back.' "
Myhrum would not win another hole on the rain-soaked course, and some difficulty in a 17th-hole bunker allowed Semple Thompson to tie the match and force sudden death. Both hit into the bunker known as "Big Mouth," which protects the front side of the green. Semple Thompson got out of the wet sand without too much trouble, but Myhrum was not so fortunate.
"Bunkers were wet and sand was heavy, so if you're in there, it's a challenge for sure," Myhrum said. "I hit mine too heavy and left it in there, and she hit hers out."
Semple Thompson's bogey outdid Myhrum's double bogey, and the match was tied. After a halved 18th hole, the two went to sudden death, beginning on the first hole, the same spots where Semple Thompson had trouble at the beginning of the day.
The second time through, it was Myhrum who encountered difficulty, hitting into bunkers on the second and third holes of sudden death. The latter mistake proved too much, and Semple Thompson's victory was in hand with a par.
"For me, it's still to try and stick to my game plan, get a par," Semple Thompson said. "That's actually what happened ... the third hole she put herself in trouble again, and I hit good shots there."
The title comes 47 years after Thompson's first victory in the tournament. In 1965 she beat a familiar foe, her mother.
"I won easily, and I do [take pride in that], actually," Semple Thompson said. "I think my mother had mixed feelings about playing against me. I was such a kid, I didn't think anything about it. I just went out and played really well, and she didn't play very well."
Nearly five decades later, occasionally Semple Thompson has trouble counting all the victories.
"I think it's 15," she said. "I think I miscounted in the books, so this is 15."golf
Douglas Farmer: dfarmer@post-gazette.com and Twitter @D_Farmer.Later, they would be known as: Automotive Air Filters
An overflow of ruff converts to bad.
the very first thing Lulu will have to learn in her very first ballet lesson, is how to wear a tutu.
It is a most elegunt danse.
"It was a joke! A joke! I don't even know how to make rabbit stew!"
Ai maek fantastic soops an stoos.BollyCurry Buzzer
Joined: 12 November 2007
Posts: 28501
BollyCurry Buzzer
Joined: 12 November 2007
Posts: 28501
BollyCurry Buzzer
Joined: 12 November 2007
Posts: 28501
BollyCurry Buzzer
Joined: 12 November 2007
Posts: 28501
Joined: 04 August 2008
Posts: 14834
Joined: 16 January 2007
Posts: 26760
Joined: 04 August 2008
Posts: 14834
yah this is ok for informal.
its vry pretty nd the color is perfect for her but it makes her look
younger which is good i guess but this is in a not so good way. like a
child with the hairband.
ok abhi is hopeless. i read nimmis comment. he totally looks like he is in miami.!
i
remember her. i just dont get why stars think they can dress down.
there is always a chance of being photographed nd plus there r ways to
dress down that dont make u look like u shopped at walmart!
ok see now thats a nice casual..
her
face looks fresh! thats the best part fo this. i hav no affinity to
anything with flowers on me nd i dont like to see it on others.
hmm botox, silicone, nd platic huh? is that confirmed?
but i agree a shorter darker skirt woulda been better. like the top.
lol ksg wants his pants back.
they remind me of mc hammer pants..
cant touch this..
i usually like that color on desis but its a lil too loud for her.
oh.. i cant stand those see thru shoes also. pointless.
it is safe but i like the top with the lil cut in the middle. nice nd casual. the jeans would hav been nice if they fit. the baggy extra fabric at the bottom just kills it.
Joined: 08 August 2007
Posts: 8449God Only Knows Preview to Debut at Berlinale
3 February 2013 | AURTHOR: Andrea | COMMENTS: 0 | CATEGORY: News | TAGS: , God Only Knows, Movie, Trailer
‘God Only Knows’ preview will debut at the Berlinale 2013 (starts on February 7th)
[SOURCE]
GALLERY LINK:
[x001] Movies > God Only Knows> Movie Stills
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
WebsiteUnfortunately UNICO Absorbance Calibration Filter, 10%T, Independently Certified Independently Certified Calibration Absorbance 10%T Filter S-90-9210 is a great way for you to improve your spectroscope. Manufactured using top of the line materials and construction, this Unico Calibration Filter is designed to last. The Unico Absorbance Calibration Spectrograph Filter is an amazing addition to the Unico line of high quality Spectrophotometer Filters.Thor opened in theaters this last month, and while the general census on it was positive, it was mixed nonetheless. I ended up seeing it twice. I was on the fence about it the first time around, but really enjoyed it the second. It's a fun movie, exceptionally well-cast, and only dragged down by being heavier on the drama than you'd like it to be. The one thing everyone seems to be able to agree on is that this movie could have easily been alot worse. That seems appropriate, as the same is true for the god of thunder in comics.
Thor is a difficult character. All throughout the character's history you'll find some forgettable, cheesey, akward, and downright bad stories. It seems that most writers who tackle Thor don't entirely know what to do with the sheer amount of stuff that comes along with him. The world of Asgard, the entire lineup of Norse gods, Earth, and Thor's role in the rest of the Marvel universe is a fair amount to juggle. Not all of that really works together. Yet when a writer gets a hold of Thor and figures out how all those parts can operate together, some damn good reading can come out of it. Even Stan Lee and Jack Kirby struggled with Thor for quite some time, but starting somewhere around Journey Into Mystery #111, they really hit their stride with Thor, and until they left the book they continued to crank out some of the best work they'd ever done together. Given what else they accomplished together, I don't drop praise like that lightly.
The undisputed high point for Thor is Walt Simonson's legendary run from the early-mid 80's. I'm still pouring through it at the moment, so I can't comment on it as a whole, but I can already say that its reputation is well earned. Beside having a great, epic story, the marriage between Simonson's art and words is, at times, like seeing good special effects in a film. I'm sure that by the time I'm done, it will be my favorite Thor story, but if you're looking to get into Thor for the first time, I still think there's a better starting point.
Thor was killed off durring the Avengers Disassembled event, and I'm convinced it was because someone at Marvel found him to be outdated and felt that he didn't fit with the rest of the universe anymore (much like what happened with Silver Surfer for a little while). J. Michael Stracynski brought Thor back to life, and not only did he modernize the character and make him work in the current Marvel lineup, bit he also made juggling all those pieces that come along with Thor that much easier. How he comes back to life isn't important, nor can it easily be explained. Thor comes back to life to find that Agard has been destoryed, and all the other gods are either dead or in hiding. This is where Stracynski works his genius. Thor builds Asgard right here on Earth, floating above the American heartland. The two worlds no longer feel separate, and that jarring feeling of two separate parts getting in the way of each other that plagued Thor comics for so long, and even the movie, is gone. Towards the later issues of the run, things become less about Thor and more about the other Asgardians. The fact that the book is still enjoyable is a testament to why those other characters that Thor has in tow matter and are worth trying to find a place for. That's not to say that Thor doesn't have his moments. There a fight between Thor and Borr, Odin's father, that I'm willing place in the Top 5 Greatest Comic Book Fights of All Time.
J. Michael Stracynski's Thor (available in three trades or the more expensive-yet-swanky Ominbus edition) will go down as a classic period in the character's history, I have no doubt about that. It's a terrific story, a flawlessly done re-entry into the Marvel lineup, and a great jumping on point to the current Thor comics, which is still going very strong in the hands of Matt Fraction. Thor may seem a silly character, and at times has been, but he is essential to what makes the Marvel universe what it is. These books are proof.
I now leave you with Jane Foster daydreaming about polishing Thor's hammer.
On 06/18/2008 02:07 PM, Brad DerManouelian wrote: > On Jun 18, 2008, at 10:20 AM, Udo van den Heuvel wrote: > <a bunch of stuff that doesn't matter> > > I can guarantee you that arguing that you have provided enough > information even though you have no provided the requested information > will not result in an investigation into your issue. I can also > guarantee you that the longer this thread goes on, the less likely > someone will take pity on your environment, stop whatever else they > are doing, set up an environment that matches yours, run it for a > couple of days to watch memory usage climb, look into the source code, > find the problem, fix the problem, test the fix, post the patch and > wait for it to be accepted into trunk. Especially since there's a very good chance--if you actually have a memory leak, and I'm not sure I believe you do, at this point--your ticket was a duplicate of another (i.e. perhaps #5410, an EIT-related memory leak-- ). If you look at that ticket, you'll see that it's not closed... Perhaps the difference is that the reporter for #5410 actually gave the information required to find out what's happening. However, on the bright side, if my suspicion is correct, you'll see the fix when #5410 is fixed. Then again, you might just see the same behavior after #5140 is fixed--i.e. because you don't have a memory leak. Of course, this is just a blind guess (as is the prevailing theory in this thread that your /perceived/ (but unconfirmed) memory leak is due to your aggressive recording schedule) as I'm lacking the information necessary to do any real diagnosis. Oh, and /please/ re-read Daniel Kristjansson's message. It said everything that needed to be said: anecdotal evidence with no Valgrind output, virtual DVB recorders using buffer memory. MikeThe fifth annual convention of the Metropolitan League of Jewish Community Centers, elected the following officers: president, Hon. M. Baldwin Fertig, Bronx Y.M. and Y.W.H.A.; vice-presidents, Mrs. Jerome J. Hanauer, Y.W.H.A. of New York; Harry M. Marks, Borough Park Y.M.H.A.; Louis Mann, Mt. Vernon Y.M.H.A.; Isaac Siegel, Institutional Synagogue; treasurer, Hugo H. Piesen, Brooklyn Y.M.H.A.; secretary, Milton Weill, 92nd Street Y.M.H.A.
NEXT STORYA company which was filmed dumping rubble onto ancient woodland in Devon has been told to remove it.
Crumb Rubber based in Roborough, Plymouth, was told at a public inquiry to remove 3,000 tonnes of the material within a month.
It was also ordered to replant trees to bring Strashleigh Hams "back to life". In 2010, environmentalists filmed the firm leaving the rubble there.
The company said it regretted the incident.'Beautiful area'
Devon County Council, who brought the action against Crumb Rubber, said it would not tolerate illegal tipping.
"They have to replant according to specifications, which an inspector has agreed, in order to try to bring that area back to life," the spokesman said.
"The undergrowth, although it doesn't look spectacular at this time of the year, has been there for several hundred years so it's very difficult to recreate that."
Crumb Rubber said it regretted the "accidental violation of planning regulations" and was "heavily committed" to the environment and resolving the problems at woodland near Ivybridge.
Charlotte Mills, from environmental group EcoIvy, said: "We're pleased that Devon county have pursued this, it's a beautiful area of ancient woodland and wetland and we think that it's wrong that people have been allowed to abuse the planning regulation."Favorite River Smallie Bait
#16
Posted October 15 2012 - 06:27 PM
#17
Posted October 30 2012 - 07:30 AM
Super fluke jrs
F2 craw papi (2.75" craw color)
a few blue fox spinners
And sometimes a rebel craw, but its normally too deep for it
#18
Posted October 30 2012 - 08:20 AM
#19
Posted October 30 2012 - 08:43 AM
Crankbaits (when the conditions are right)
but my all time favorite is a nose hooked 4" or smaller stickbait
#20
Posted November 02 2012 - 10:16 AM
May-September. Drought conditions, hot, low gin clear rivers..I probably caught 90% of my fish on a walk the dog plug. Couldnt fish the bottom because it was covered in snot moss.
Last month..Rivers still low and clear. Suspending Jerkbaits were the ticket
From now till spring...Suspending Jerkbaits & Jigs, and hair jigs usually see the most action. Cranks if the water rises.
Good Luck.
#21
Posted November 11 2012 - 02:41 PM
#22
Posted November 25 2012 - 08:25 AM
#23
Posted December 02 2012 - 03:58 AM
Good Luck!!!
"Fish the way you need to fish, not the way you want to fish." -Cliff Pace
#24
Posted December 26 2012 - 09:21 PM
I don´t need anything money can buy
I don´t have to beg, steal, or borrow
I just wanna live until I die
#25
Posted December 26 2012 - 09:54 PM
#26
Posted December 26 2012 - 09:55 PM
1999 stratos 273 vindicator
89 Yamaha 150 pro v
#27
Posted December 27 2012 - 03:23 AM
#28
Posted December 27 2012 - 03:27 AM
#29
Posted December 28 2012 - 12:55 AM
#30
Posted December 28 2012 - 09:36 AM
Green Ugly 3.5 inch tube
Robo worm or a Shark on a dropshot
Normans Deep Little N in **** color
Revenge or Northstar 1/2 oz. spinnerbait in green or blue glimmer shad
Sammy
5 inch green pumpkin lizard in a light Carolina rig
LC Pointer 95 Ghost shad
These baits will always be ready to go any time of the year.From the Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, University of Wisconsin Medical School, Madison.
Objective
To determine factors predicting hospitalization in people with diabetes.
Methods
Two population-based groups with diabetes were examined at baseline (1980-1982), 4 years (1984-1986), and 10 years (1990-1992). The younger-onset group (n=777) consisted of all persons diagnosed as having diabetes before age 30 years who were taking insulin, and the older-onset group (n=542) consisted of a sample of persons diagnosed after age 30 years. At the 10-year examination, participants were asked if they had been hospitalized in the previous year. Factors from the 4-year examination were examined for their ability to predict hospitalization at the 10-year examination.
Results
In the younger-onset group, 25.5% reported being hospitalized. In logistic models, glycosylated hemoglobin level (odds ratio [OR], 1.27; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.16-1.39 for a 1% increment) and hypertension (OR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.08-2.38) predicted hospitalization. Factors that were not significant included age, sex, systolic and diastolic blood pressures, body mass, smoking status, and alcohol consumption. In the older-onset group, 30.8% reported being hospitalized. In logistic models, only glycosylated hemoglobin level (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 1.06-1.29 for a 1% increment) predicted hospitalization.
Conclusions
Glycemic control is subject to intervention. Better control may decrease hospitalization among people with diabetes. Thus, there is considerable potential for reducing health care costs.
PEOPLE WITH diabetes are hospitalized much more frequently than those without.1- 3 Direct costs attributed to hospitalization of patients with diabetes were estimated to be $27 billion in 1997.4 Thus, even a modest reduction in hospitalizations among people with diabetes could result in major savings. If people at high risk for hospitalization could be identified along with risk factors that are subject to manipulation, it may be possible to reduce this burden. The purposes of this article are to examine the frequency of hospitalization in a diabetic population and to investigate which characteristics of this population are risk factors.
The Wisconsin Epidemiologic Study of Diabetic Retinopathy cohort was identified from a review of records of primary care physicians in southwest Wisconsin. Case identification methods and descriptions of the population appear in previous reports.5- 10 Briefly, 10,135 patients with diabetes were identified from the records of primary care physicians in an 11-county area of southwest Wisconsin. A sample of 2990 of these persons was invited to participate in the baseline examination from 1980 to 1982 and was divided into 2 groups. The first group was composed of all subjects younger than 30 years at diagnosis and taking insulin (n=1210), referred to as the younger-onset group. The second group was a probability sample, stratified by duration of diabetes, of subjects who were older than 30 years at diagnosis (n=1780), referred to as the older-onset group. In the younger-onset group, 996 patients (82.3%) participated in the baseline examination; in the older-onset group, 1370 patients (77.0%) participated, 674 of whom were taking insulin and 696 of whom were not. The surviving persons were invited to participate in a 4-year follow-up examination in 1984 to 1986 and a 10-year follow-up examination in 1990 to 1992. These intervals were chosen to observe the incidence of an adequate number of complications for investigating relationships with risk factors.
Both the baseline and follow-up examinations followed a similar protocol. This consisted of obtaining informed consent, measuring blood pressure, measuring refractive error and best-corrected visual acuity, performing a slitlamp examination for chamber depth and iris neovascularization, measuring intraocular pressure, dilating the pupils, administering a medical history questionnaire, examining the lenses for cataracts, performing an ophthalmoscopic examination, taking stereoscopic color fundus photographs of 7 standard fields, determining urine protein, and obtaining a venous blood sample for determining blood glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin levels.
Hospitalization among the study participants was not determined at the baseline examination. At the follow-up examinations, hospitalization among the subjects was ascertained by history by asking subjects, "In the last year, how many times have you been hospitalized overnight or longer?" The response was recorded, and if the subject indicated a hospitalization in the previous year, he or she was asked questions pertaining to common reasons for hospitalization. The 1984-1986 examination occurred during a period of extensive change in hospital utilization. Therefore, to present results obtained in an environment more resembling the current state, we report results for the more recent follow-up examination in 1990-1992. Risk factors examined were those determined at the 1984-1986 examination to study their temporal relation to subsequent hospitalization.
Current age was defined as age at the time of the 1984-1986 examination. Duration of diabetes was the time interval between the diagnosis of diabetes and the 1984-1986 examination. Glycosylated hemoglobin was measured by a microcolumn method.11 Systolic and diastolic blood pressures were the mean of 2 blood pressure determinations. Hypertension was defined as systolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 140 mm Hg, diastolic blood pressure greater than or equal to 90 mm Hg, or a history of hypertension with use of antihypertension medications. Body mass was defined as weight (in kilograms) divided by the square of height (in meters). A person was defined as a nonsmoker if smoked fewer than 100 cigarettes in his or her lifetime, an ex-smoker if smoked more than this amount but had stopped smoking before the 4-year follow-up examination, or a current smoker if had not stopped. Alcohol consumption was obtained from questions concerning average weekly amounts of beer, wine, and distilled alcoholic beverages consumed during the previous year. This information was summarized in terms of average daily consumption of absolute alcohol. A person was defined as a nondrinker if consumed no alcoholic beverages in the previous year, a light drinker if consumed up to 5.0 g daily, a moderate drinker if consumed 5.1 to 23.5 g daily, and a heavier drinker if consumed more than 23.5 g daily. Analysis of cigarette smoking and alcohol consumption was restricted to subjects 18 years or older. Physical activity was based on the number of times in a week a subject engaged in an activity long enough to work up a sweat. An active person regularly worked up a sweat 3 or more times in a week. Otherwise, the person was considered to be sedentary.
Statistical analysis was performed with SAS.12,13 Tests for trends in proportions were performed by Mantel-Haenszel procedures.14 Multivariable analysis of risk factors for hospitalization was accomplished with logistic regression.15 The end point was hospitalization in the year before the 1990-1992 follow-up examination. All values of risk factors were obtained at the 1984-1986 examination and so are antecedent to the end point.
Of 996 younger-onset participants at baseline, 765 (76.8%) were examined at the 4- and 10-year follow-up examinations and an additional 15 (1.5%) were interviewed. Information concerning hospitalization was available for 777 of these subjects. Of the 216 subjects who did not participate, 62 refused, 4 could not be located, and 150 had died. Of 1370 older-onset participants at baseline, 533 (38.9%) were examined at the 4- and 10-year follow-up examinations and 17 (1.2%) were interviewed. Information concerning hospitalization was available for 542 of these subjects. Of the 820 subjects who did not participate, 46 refused, 2 could not be located, and 772 had died. Comparisons between participants and nonparticipants at follow-up have been presented elsewhere.8- 10 Briefly, younger-onset nonparticipants who had died were older, had diabetes longer, and had higher systolic and diastolic blood pressures. Older-onset nonparticipants who had died were older, had diabetes longer, had higher glycosylated hemoglobin levels, and had higher systolic and lower diastolic blood pressures. In both groups, living nonparticipants did not differ significantly from participants in these variables.10 Baseline characteristics of the 2 cohorts are presented in Table 1. In addition, 49% of the younger-onset group and 42% of the older-onset group were male, and 53% of the older-onset group were taking insulin.
In the younger-onset group, 25.5% (n=198) reported having been hospitalized in the year before the 10-year examination. In the older-onset group, 30.8% (n=167) had been hospitalized, which is significantly higher (P = .03) than the younger-onset group. These percentages had changed little from the 4-year examination at which time they were 25.8% in younger-onset persons and 31.5% in older-onset persons. Table 2 presents the self-reported reasons for hospitalization in the 2 groups. The most common reason was glycemic control (6.3%) and heart disease (7.8%) in the younger- and older-onset groups, respectively. The reasons for hospitalization presented in Table 2 are neither mutually exclusive nor exhaustive. Among people who had been hospitalized in the previous year, 69% of younger-onset and 63% of older-onset subjects reported only one hospitalization. Therefore, for analysis, the incidence of at least one hospitalization in the previous year was examined.
Figure 1 presents the frequency of hospitalization by age. There was little association between age and hospitalization in either cohort. Hospitalization increased modestly with longer duration of diabetes in both cohorts, although the relationship was significant only in the older-onset group (Figure 2).
Hospitalization within the year before the 1990-1992 examination by age at the 1984-1986 examination.
Hospitalization within the year before the 1990-1992 examination by duration of diabetes at the 1984-1986 examination.
Table 3 presents the frequency of hospitalization by other characteristics in the younger cohort. There were significantly more hospitalizations of people with higher glycosylated hemoglobin levels and those with hypertension. Although subjects living a more active lifestyle were less likely to report being hospitalized, the result was not statistically significant.
A similar univariate analysis for the older-onset group is shown in Table 4. In this group, people with higher glycosylated hemoglobin levels, higher systolic blood pressure, taking insulin, and who did not consume alcohol were more likely to be hospitalized.
Because many of the factors presented in Table 3 and Table 4 are interrelated, multivariable logistic models were developed to determine which ones are significantly and independently associated with hospitalization. In the younger-onset cohort, persons with higher glycosylated hemoglobin levels (odds ratio [OR], 1.27; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.16-1.39 for each 1% increment) and hypertension (OR, 1.60; 95% CI, 1.08-2.38) had higher odds of being hospitalized. A sedentary lifestyle (OR, 1.41; 95% CI, 0.99-2.01), although associated with hospitalization, did not reach statistical significance. In a model restricted to younger-onset subjects 18 years or older, smoking status and alcohol consumption were not related to hospitalization. In the older-onset group, only higher glycosylated hemoglobin level (OR, 1.16; 95% CI, 1.06-1.29 for each 1% increment) was associated with hospitalization. Combining the younger- and older-onset groups in one model with glycosylated hemoglobin and an indicator variable for group as risk factors shows both variables to be statistically significant (P<.005). Furthermore, the difference between the 2 groups is greater than indicated by the univariate analysis because of confounding by glycosylated hemoglobin level, which is higher in younger-onset persons. The addition of an interaction term between glycosylated hemoglobin and group was not statistically significant (P=.27), indicating that the effect of glycosylated hemoglobin did not differ between cohorts.
Diabetes is a disease associated with a host of complications, many of which may lead to frequent or extended hospitalization. Estimates from the National Health Interview Survey of 1991 are that 7.8% of the general population was hospitalized in the year before the interview.16 This compares to 25.5% and 30.8% in our younger-onset and older-onset groups, respectively. Thus, people with diabetes appear to be hospitalized more than 3 times more frequently than the general population. This agrees closely with results from the 1989 National Health Interview Survey1 that found a 3-fold increase, the study by Aro et al2 that reported a 4-fold increase in hospitalization among people with diabetes, and the study by Rosenthal et al3 that found a 2.2 times increase in hospitalization among older adults with diabetes. The direct costs attached to these hospitalizations are also high, estimated by a recent study4 to be $27 billion in 1997. Therefore, there is considerable potential for substantial savings in health care costs if the frequency of complications could be decreased or their appearance forestalled.
Identification of modifiable risk factors is the first step toward prevention of hospitalization and reduction of attendant costs. However, to date, there have been few reports concerning risk factors for hospitalization. Charron-Prochownik et al17 and Kovacs et al18 were concerned with children 8 to 13 years of age, and Palta et al19 was concerned with children and young adults in the period after diagnosis of diabetes. All these investigators found a higher glycosylated hemoglobin level to be a risk factor for readmission to the hospital only in the early years after diagnosis. Rosenthal et al3 reported a higher glycosylated hemoglobin level to be a risk factor for hospitalization in a predominantly male cohort of older adults attending a geriatric diabetes clinic. Our cohorts are more representative of a general population of people with diabetes, in that they are beyond the initial postdiagnosis period when glycemic control is the most important cause of hospitalization and are approaching the time when other complications begin to exert an effect. From our results, it appears that metabolic control is also a significant risk factor for hospitalization later in the course of diabetes, in both younger- and older-onset persons. These results are consistent with those of the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial20 in persons with type 1 diabetes mellitus and the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study21 in persons with type 2 diabetes mellitus. These studies showed the efficacy of glycemic control in reducing many microvascular complications of diabetes. What is noteworthy in the current study is the association of glycemia with any hospitalization, including many for reasons other than those usually associated with diabetes. These results have important implications for prevention. For instance, based on our models, reducing glycosylated hemoglobin level by just 1% could reduce hospitalization by 14% to 20% and save as much as $4 billion to $5 billion in direct costs alone.
However, the manipulation of risk factors is not without its own hazards and costs. For example, caution is necessary when instituting intensive glycemic control because of the dangers of severe hypoglycemia. In the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial, insulin reactions in the intensive treatment group occurred 3 times higher than the standard treatment group, and the rate of hospitalizations was 1.5 times higher.20 Thus, severe hypoglycemic episodes could reduce the savings obtained, as could the expense of maintaining intensive glycemic control.
Hypertension in younger-onset persons and systolic blood pressure in older-onset persons were also associated with hospitalization. We found no previous reports of these associations in diabetic populations. However, since they are associated in nondiabetic populations with numerous adverse health events such as cardiovascular disease, renal disease, and stroke that could result in hospitalization, it is not unexpected to encounter them here. These results suggest possible approaches for the development of preventive strategies. Indeed, a recent report from the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study22 supports the role of blood pressure control in the prevention of diabetes complications.
There are several limitations to our study. First, follow-up of the cohorts was incomplete, largely due to mortality. Since subjects who died could be expected to have been hospitalized more, the estimates of hospitalization in the surviving cohort may be understated. However, the cohort is also aging, which would be expected to increase hospitalization. The extent to which these processes balance is unknown. Second, our estimates of hospitalization rely on self-reports of the subjects. This may also bias the results toward underestimates. For this reason, subjects were queried only about hospitalizations in the previous year, similar to the National Health Interview Survey.16 The similarity of rates between the 1984-1986 and 1990-1992 examinations also gives us confidence that this approach produced useful information. Finally, some investigators may question the appropriateness of examining the associations of hospitalization with characteristics measured 6 years earlier. This may be a concern if the hospitalizations were only for acute conditions. However, many conditions for which people with diabetes are hospitalized are chronic and likely were initiated years earlier. Thus, the time chosen in our study is appropriate for understanding the temporal relation of risk factors to hospitalization.
In summary, hospitalization among people with diabetes is substantially greater than in the general population. This adds a considerable cost to the health care system. Glycemic control was the most important factor related to hospitalization. Thus, there is potential for reducing hospitalization and great savings in medical and financial expenditure. However, these savings may be offset by the costs necessary to maintain the modifications and by increases in hospitalization for hypoglycemia.
Accepted for publication January 25, 1999.
This research is supported by grant EYO-3083 (Drs R. and B. E. K. Klein) from the National Institutes of Health, Bethesda, Md, and in part by the Research to Prevent Blindness, New York, NY (Dr R. Klein, Senior Scientific Investigator Award).
The authors have no proprietary interests.
Corresponding author: Scot E. Moss, Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison, 610 N Walnut St, 460 WARF, Madison, WI 53705-2397 (e-mail: moss@epi.ophth.
WELCOME CLASS 2015
Did you ever think that going away to college would be so dramatic? I assume many of you have recently experienced either an earthquake or the hurricane all within days of starting college. We hope all of you and your families were safe during these difficult events. Our Freshman move in began on Friday, August 26th on a beautiful sunny summer day and concluded on Saturday, August 27th what started out to be a sunny day but had several torrential down pour during the afternoon. The University staff welcomed the freshman class and their families to a family lunch under a tent set up in the quad followed by the traditional convocation which was held under the main tent behind the gym. The RI Bagpiper Association accompanied the procession of administrators, faculty, staff and incoming Freshman to their seats to participate in a formal ceremony welcoming the Class of 2015 to the University. After greetings from the President, other Administrators and the President of the Student body each of the Dean addressed their students to stand and don their gown which was the official induction into the University. It was an emotional and ceremonial event for all but a feeling of pride an accomplishment was felt by parents and students alike.
The Admission Office wishes to WELCOME our Class of 2015 and to all of our returning students whom we have missed over the summer. You are more than welcome to stop by anytime if you have any questions or if we can be of help to you. ENJOY!
MOVING!
The Wonderous Adventures of Kristina & Justin
Hey Everyone!
It’s summertime here in Admissions which makes for one of my favorite times of the year! Not only is the weather sunny and warm (for the most part) it also means exploring some of the best parts of Bristol with my WBFFL (Work Best Friend For Life) Kristina. Each Friday Kristina and I take lunch and try to go somewhere different in the Bristol area. Lemme give you the scoop on some of our adventures and the places you need to check out in the area when you come for a visit.
This is a place that we may have enjoyed a couple of different times…! The food here is delish and it’s operated by such friendly staff. Kristina and I went a few weeks back and sat and ate outside. It’s located right in the heart of downtown Bristol, which made for a nice spot to people watch. I highly recommend the quesadillas.
Mmmmmm……ice cream ::makes Homer Simpson drool face:: Anyone who knows me knows that ice cream is one of the few things I can’t resist. Gray’s is ice cream that doesn’t disappoint! All of the ice cream is homemade and boy does it taste it. My personal favorite is Peanut Butter and Kristina can’t leave without a cup of Coffee Chip. Gray’s has a few locations, one of which is located on a dock in downtown Bristol. Perfect for a warm, summer day!
Here we go!
Kristina and I went to this store a couple of weeks ago when I was looking for a gift for a friend’s birthday. The Knotty Dog is a gift shop where most items are made from reclaimed or recycled materials. The emphasis at the store is “hand-made pieces from American artists.” It’s great knowing that you found a truly unique gift! I can’t tell you exactly what I bought because I haven’t given it yet, but I’m sure my friend Rebekah will love it!
Paper, Packaging, and Panache
Kristina needed to get some stationary (ya know so she could write me notes about how amazing I am.) She found some really pretty, pink stationary with small polka dots. The store had a lot of other great cards and gift ideas, so I would suggest visiting next time you’re in Bristol. And, in case you’re wondering, I’m still waiting on that note from Kristina…
No matter how old you get, there’s still something about going into a toy store. We went in on a whim with really no purpose to buy anything. Flash forward to both of us leaving with a bag in hand. Kristina bought this pretend cake that she said reminded her of a toy that she and her sister played with when they were younger and I bought a sock monkey, because frankly, they’re super-cool.
I hope you enjoyed learning a little bit about some of the cool shops and restaurants located in Bristol! Remember, try to allot a little time after your campus tour to check out and explore some of the things our town has to offer!
Catch ya’ later!
JustinBy
The Playlist Staff
|
The Playlist
December 24, 2013 at 11:02AM
Continuing's Solomon Northrup is the victim of an attempted lynching by Paul Dano's.Amish Christmas Cookies Recipe
Amish Christmas Cookies will for sure be on my list of Christmas cookies I absolutely must have for the holiday season. I love the aroma of cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg (you can add some ground ginger if you like) combined with brown sugar and molasses. Make a little hole on top of each cookie and you can use them as a Christmas tree decoration as well!
Amish Christmas Cookies Recipe
Ingredients
- ½ cup butter
- 1 cup brown sugar
- 1 egg, beaten
- 1 cup light molasses
- 4 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 tsp baking soda
- ¼ tsp salt
- 1 tsp cinnamon
- 1 tsp ground cloves
- ½ tsp nutmeg
Instructions
- Cream butter and sugar. Mix in egg and molasses.
- Sift dry ingredients together and stir into egg mixture.
- On lightly floured board, roll out dough and cut into shapes with cookie cutters. Place on greased cookie sheets. Bake in 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) preheated oven for about 10 minutes.
3.1.09
Related recipe: CHRISTMAS CUT OUT Cookie Recipe
YumYum
My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far today, I have finished 2 bags of M&M’s and a chocolate cake. I feel better already.Welcome Friends! Imagine this site as the center of a wheel with spokes that reach into various aspects of medicine, infusing them with the spirit of the dharma, with the vision of making medicine a better discipline for us practitioners and a better experience for our patients. Check back often!
The site’s success will depend on contributions from you. If there is a particular area that is of interest to you or about which you happen to have something to add, please post and make this knowledge available for the benefit of all!
About the creator of this site: Mark McCabe’s first encounter with the dharma happened while in high school in NYC. “I was studying Walpole Rahula’s 1959 classic, What The Buddha Taught, with 3 guys named David in Central Park and we were surrounded by about 20 youths who threatened to kill us and take our bikes. We had just discussed the concept of non-attachment and ”letting go,” and without much objection, our bikes were all stolen, we were not harmed, and we continued on with our investigations.” Since that time he has studied philosophy at Yale (B.A.) and UT Austin, worked as a professional firefighter and medic in Colorado, attended the University of Chicago Pritzker School of Medicine (M.D.) and completed residency in Internal Medicine at the University of Washington. He currently practices General Internal Medicine at The Polyclinic, Downtown, 509 Olive Way, Seattle WA 98101. Telephone: 206-329-1760. His practice is currently open to new patients.
Please add me to your mailing list.
Thank you,
Peggy Carlan, RN
California
Please add me to your mailing list if possible.
Thank you.
Alexandra Ziegel (20 years living with Fibroymalgia, CFS and related syndromes. 43 years trying to understand, accept and heal my physical body.)
Boston, MA
Hi Mark, We met at Shambhala and I used to visit your site. I had once been invited to Poly Clinic to offer mindfulness based (stuff) for staff and possibly patients. I’d love to talk. I’m glad to see the site is still active. I’m about to spread the word.
Warmly, Mia
Add us to your email list too if you have one! I am registered but don’t see how to post. I am part of a program in the Himalaya of northeast India that introduces students to dharma worldview, including that of medicine – I think we absorb it from the culture and the people more than anything – it’s a gap year program, Himalayan Connections:. Great site – Thanks! Spafford Ackerly, Himalayan ConnectionsThe perennial practice of commemorating the bedazzled holiday sweater has reached a fever pitch. A sweater party somewhere in Los Angeles immortalized yours truly this past weekend. The sweater creator, BSD reader Marcus, even won a prize: the Adele CD pictured with his award winning ensemble above.
A more appropriate gift may have been an album from a diva of a different sort: Queen of ironic sweater consumption, performance artist and musician (and "friend of Colby") Leslie Hall. I first encountered Hall waaaay back in the Myspace days. Her MySpace gif is an icon of early-2000zies pre-recession irony. If you haven't seen it, I highly recommend you click on the previous link. Though I never had the honor to experience her mobile gem sweater museum, I quickly fell in love with Leslie Hall's ample electro-trash oeuvre.
Flash forward two years: November 2006. BSD correspondent Karl Marxxx was busy preparing for TAINT, his queer dance party in Washington, DC. Before Leslie Hall became too big for her britches, Marxxx managed to book her for a Thanksgiving day performance. We slaved for two days on turkey and stuffing to please our minor celebrity guest. She never broke character. Prompted on her musical influences (admittedly a poor question on my part), she didn't hesitate, "mostly adult contermporary, a little Shania. . . a little Hootie . . ."
We all threw on our gem sweaters and headed to the venue.
In need of volunteers, Leslie grabbed me and a friend from the audience and brought us on stage. She slung a thick 2X4 across our shoulders, then disappeared. A few minutes later, she returned with a makeshift harness. Pulling the harness over one end of the 2X4, she hooked herself in, twirling in close concentric circles while she sang, suspended from our shoulders, like a DIY Britney Spears. While I'm certain she wore a fat suit for some numbers, she's no light weight. I worried the board might crack in half. Leslie, the 2X4, and my clavicle remained intact. Thank God for "Gypsy Lizard Coin Purse"! After the concert, Leslie brought me back on stage to officially anoint my own gem sweater. While I managed to misplace the certificate that accompanied her ingenious sweater christening ceremony, I'll always have the memories. And now you will too.
She is a very wonderful person. I've never met her in character, but I have out of character. She was friends with one of my old friends from Iowa, and even visited her (in character) when my friend was in the hospital several years ago. I'm glad you had such a good experience with her.
Also, it's damn appropriate that your picture netted the "sexy sweater" prize!Amazon (Kindle/Paperback) | B&N | Smashwords | Createspace Direct
Have we been waiting long enough to find out what happens to Reese and Hirianthial after Earthrise? I think so! Four months after Book 1, then, Book 2 is?
This is the book where we finally get to meet the Eldritch, not just for a brief stay, the way we did in the novella “Family,” but close-up and personal. We see the very real crisis they’re facing and meet the people in charge of orchestrating both their deliverance from it—or their possible destruction. Threads from multiple stories meet in this one, and while you don’t have to have read other series to enjoy Rose Point, fans of the Pelted setting will be rewarded!
Julie Dillon returns again for the cover of Book 2, and once again blew it out of the park; this time around we get a close-up of Hirianthial and he looks like everything Reese would reluctantly fall in love with. It pleases me that the first, Reese-focused cover is more blues and grays and spaceshippy… and the second, Hirianthial-focused cover is more pink-and-soft and romancey. I think you get a good sense of the trilogy from them: space opera! Romance! Politics! Pirates! I’m looking forward to the culminating cover…
…which brings me to the warning that when you put this book down, you will be long past ready for Book 3. You won’t be waiting long; Laisrathera is my next project, and I’m planning a spring 2014 launch. I won’t lie, though: it’s gonna take a big book to wrap up everything that starts exploding in Rose Point. Hold on to your seats, folks. It’s going to be wild. 😀
So, Rose Point! As always, tell your friends, leave reviews if it pleases you. I’m deeply grateful for all your efforts on my behalf. You not only help feed my family, but now the small group of contractors I’m beginning to keep “on staff.”
Mirrored from MCAH Online.Username
IEEE membership options for an individual and IEEE Xplore subscriptions for an organization offer the most affordable access to essential journal articles, conference papers, standards,
eBooks, and eLearning courses.
Learn more about:
IEEE membership
IEEE Xplore subscriptions
Paper plays an essential role in many information ecologies in the developing world, but it can be inefficient and inflexible. We've developed an information services architecture that uses a smart phone equipped with a built-in digital camera to process augmented paper documents. The CAM document-processing framework exploits smart mobile phones' utility, usability, and growing ubiquity to link paper with modern information tools. CAM, so called because the phone's camera plays a key role in the user interface, is a three-tiered, document-based architecture for providing remote rural information services. The CAM framework comprises four components: CamForms, CamShell, CamBrowser, and CamServer.
A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology.© Copyright 2015 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this web site signifies your agreement to the terms and conditions.With the oversized trend that’s been sweeping the fashion world the last few seasons, I’m finding myself increasingly drawn to soft draping. Today, three draped and layered pieces caught my eye.
(1) I’m a big fan of Thakoon dresses for their innovative shapes and pretty prints, and this skirt has me turning my eye toward the designer’s separates too. I’d wear it now with a sweater and Sam Edelman boots and later with a tank and K. Jacques sandals. Thakoon - Draped Front Long Skirt
(2) Clean tailored lines meet silky draping in this Alexander Wang dress. It’d make a fine go-to for next year’s wedding circuit. Alexander Wang - Draped Tailored Dress
(3) Girlish frills with a sensual side (the sheer back panel). I’d finish this Derek Lam dress with nude Jean-Michel Cazabat heels and a 3.1 Phillip Lim bag. Derek Lam - Ruffle Dress
--Amierepublicans]
Political Candidate Seminar Offered in Lubbock
If you’ve ever considered running for public office, the Lubbock Chamber of Commerce is offering Hub City residents an opportunity to learn more about the nuts and bolts of political campaigns.
Chad’s Morning Brief: Wendy Davis Blurs Facts About Her Life, Can the Republicans Win the Senate?, and Other Top Stories
Should There Be a Third Major Party in US Politics? [POLL]
By MICHAEL KELLY
Recorder Sports Staff
FORT PLAIN -- That they got here is saying something in itself.
Despite a bumpy second half of their regular season, the Fort Plain Hilltoppers still find themselves pretty much exactly where they want to be at this point in the season: Heading into the Western Athletic Conference Cup as a North Division representative with a chance to make a statement heading into sectionals.
Head coach Casey Russom says he knows a lot of people are surprised to see his club peaking at the right time.
"I think a lot of people weren't sure we'd get here," says Russom. "But I know the 12 boys in the locker room and myself, we knew we could."
The Hilltoppers' (10-5, 8-4) struggles began in late December, when the club -- then undefeated in the WAC -- visited Saratoga Central Catholic and were thumped, 72-25. Fort Plain senior point guard Joe Rays says that game got away from the club early and the Hilltoppers never were able to reign in the Saints.
"It just kind of kept compiling," he says. "Then, it got exponentially worse and we ended up losing by 47 points or whatever."
Soon after, the Hilltoppers scored an out-of-section victory, but the squad's troubles were waiting for it when Fort Plain returned to WAC play. The Hilltoppers lost their next two league games and three of four, dropping them into third place in the league. For a club filled with seniors that were on last year's team that specialized in winning close games, the streak of close losses was tough to stomach.
"It was different," says senior Jake Sardina. "We're so used to winning as a group ... and when we started losing, it was difficult for us."
"It can be tough when things aren't going your way," adds senior Chris Hanifin. "We lost a couple close games, but the thing was staying together as a team and getting past that."
The club posted a win against Northville to get back on track, making last Wednesday's game against SCC a contest to decide second place in the WAC North and the final spot in the WAC Cup.
But the days leading up to the SCC game were the most trying ones of the season for Fort Plain. Days prior to the SCC game, Bo Baker -- a former Fort Plain athlete -- died in a car accident.
"Everyone knew him, at least in some small way," Ray says.
"Our coaches helped us get through that," says Hanifin, his voice choking. "It was tough."
But the Hilltoppers had a game to play -- and they wanted to use it to honor Baker, especially the team's upperclassmen who were competing on their Senior Night.
"Coach said we would never have a time to play like that again. We were playing for something, for more than just a game," says Sardina. "We were able to bring a community together that day and I think that was more on our shoulders than our actual Senior Night or the game."
Sardina says the team felt a lot of pressure heading into that game. But, he says, the team was ready for the contest when the ball was tipped.
"We always come out swinging, you know?" he says.
That night, the Hilltoppers came through, posting a 73-70 victory in overtime, as Marcus Failing made six 3-pointers on his way to scoring 26 points, as Fort Plain clinched its spot in the WAC Cup after a tumultuous second half to its regular season.
"I'm very, very proud of how the guys got through it all, because it was a pivotal moment," says Russom. "They could have really packed it in and said they couldn't win the league anymore, and nothing is left to play for.
"But there was a lot left," Russom says.
Next up
Friday, the Hilltoppers' prize for earning their trip to the WAC Cup is a date with the league's power, Mekeel Christian Academy.
The Lions come into Friday's game -- at 8:30 p.m., at Fulton-Montgomery Community College -- sporting a 13-2 record and a 13-game winning streak. While MCA does not have Collin Stewart -- who, last year, scored 47 points against Fort Plain in the WAC Cup championship -- this season, the Lions have built a potent offense this season around Caleb Stewart, who is averaging 19.5 points per game. But the Hilltoppers -- who played MCA in the past two WAC Cup finals -- are undaunted by the Lions and are looking to spring the upset as the Section II postseason nears.
"We want to use this as a shot into sectionals, a boost," Sardina says.
Offensive adjustments
Coming into this season, the most radical difference for the Hilltoppers, compared to a year ago, was going to be where the team's scoring came from after the graduation of leading scorer Harold Dettmer.
Much like the team's overall season had bumps in the road, so did the team's quest to find a new go-to scorer -- or two.
"Any new offense is going to start our slow," says Hanifin. "But, throughout the season, we've worked hard and it's all come together."
The key, says Ray, was that the Hilltoppers' needed to accept that a true go-to scorer who could get baskets off isolation plays was not on this year's roster. Instead, he says, the team needed some scoring punch from all over its lineup.
"We made it an emphasis in practice that everyone needed to touch the ball and, if they're open, to shoot it," says Ray. "We became more of a team through that."
That balance has shown: Six players average at least 6.6 points per game for the Hilltoppers, who are led by Failing's 12.5 average.Great food near the airport?!
Stingray's is a fun place with good seafood and steaks for lunch or dinner just N of Louis Armstrong.
Stingray's Bar and Grill @ 1303 West Esplanade Avenue, Kenner, Louisiana 504 - 443 - 4040.
- re: Littleman
Has Stingray's improved since changing management a year or so ago? I was there under the last management and it was an all aroud terrible experience - slow service, bland food, soggy and cold fried food, frozen shrimp, and very dirty. It was like a Red Lobster gone bad. Hopefully they've changed. I'd like to give them another chance.
If you're hading all the way to W. Esplanade, I'd try Zea. They have great ribs and rotisserie chicken. The duck empanadas are pretty good too. Plus, they brew their own beer.
I haven't been to Siamese recently but it was a good place for Thai food in Metaire, although local food may refer to "native" food and not good food that is local to the airport area.
Zea's is a decent source for dependable food at a good price. Lunch at Zea's on a Mardi Gras parade Saturday is a great deal.
Brick Oven had/has very good salads although I haven't had one in a long time....
-----
Brick Oven Cafe
2805 Williams Blvd Ste A, Kenner, LA 70062
Not quite on Veterans, but you might try Charlie's Seafood on Jefferson Hwy in Harahan. Great New Orleans food at neighborhood prices. Owned by the Brigtsens of Brigtsen's Restaurant Uptown. Everything form boiled, fried, and grilled seafood to po-boys and daily specials. Should be a relatively modest cab ride from the airport area., +2.23% gainers.
Halliburton HAL, +2.65% shares rallied 6.1%. Schlumberger Ltd. SLB, +1.41% shares gained 3.7%, while Baker Hughes Inc. BHI, +2.52% advanced 2.5%.
EOG Resources Inc. EOG, +1
Internal memos seen by the Wall Street Journal show the U.K. oil company saw increased al Qaeda terrorist threats in Africa after Osama bin Laden was killed. But, says Dow Jones's Benoit Faucon, Algeria wasn't high on the risk list. Photo:. APA, +0.91%. PXD, +2.62% shares advanced 2.6%. Pioneer was cut to neutral from outperform by analysts at Macquarie, who said they saw limited upside for the company on slower production growth.
Macquarie raised refiner Valero Energy Corp. VLO, +0.63%.09% down 0.2% and ConocoPhillips COP, +1.23% off 0.1%. Shares of Chevron Corp. CVX, +0.23% advanced 0.2%.
The SPDR Energy Select Sector XLE, +0.94% an exchange-traded fund focused on energy names, advanced 0.9%. Crude-oil futures also gained, with the March contract US:CLH3 0.3% higher at $97.30 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange.LATEST NEWS
Rare performance!
I will be performing a solo set at The Public House in Port Townsend on Saturday November 29th, 2014.
I may even have a new song or two to share! Enjoy dinner or just drinks. All ages. 7:30pm 1038 Water St, Port Townsend, WA
*******************************************
My album is now available as a digital download at the
Bandcamp
website.
The CD can be ordered on my website store page
HERE
FEBRUARY 2014
I am just about to head out on the road with
Simon Lynge
for a West Coast tour! This will be the first tour as a family of four! I'll open for Simon on some house concerts. Check out the dates on his
WEBSITE
Past Shows:How-To Videos
Project How-To
Forums
Project Guides
Buying Guides
The Blog
Garden Club
Workshops
How-To Videos
Camo Hidden Deck Fasteners
Length 3:24
Associate Chris Richter reviews Camo's Hidden Deck Fastener System: the Camo tool, hidden deck fasteners and the driver bits. Together, the system components deliver a consistent 316 spacing and a beautiful finish for any deck.
RELATED VIDEOS
Simpson Strong Tie Deck...
Length 3:56
Watch Associate Dana and Simpson's Chris Heidorf highlight...
InvisiDeck Hidden Scrail...
Length 1:59
Keep your deck fasteners hidden with InvisiDeck's Hidden...
Wood Deck & Porch Railings
Length 2:45
Associate Ehren O'Farrow highlights our pressure treated...
InvisiDeck Scrail Fasteners
Length 1:58
Watch how fast Scrail Deck Fasteners secure deck boards to...Definition of Aerial ladder truck
1. Noun. A fire engine carrying ladders.
Generic synonyms: Fire Engine, Fire Truck
Aerial Ladder Truck Pictures
Click the following link to bring up a new window with an automated collection of images related to the term: Aerial Ladder Truck Images
Lexicographical Neighbors of Aerial Ladder Truck
Literary usage of Aerial ladder truck
Below you will find example usage of this term as found in modern and/or classical literature:
1. The Insurance Year Book by Spectator insurance yearbook (1889)
"... i chemical hand extinguishers carried on H "' truck, an aerial ladder truck to be added; good rubber hose; 16 horses; value of -r and supplies. ..."
2. Somerville, Past and Present: An Illustrated Historical Souvenir by Edward Augustus Samuels, Henry Hastings Kimball (1897)
"... wagon and the new chemical engine A, and includes accommodations also for a combined aerial-ladder truck and water-tower when it may be found necessary. ..."
3. Bucket Brigade to Flying Squadron: Fire Fighting Past and Present by Herbert Theodore Jenness (1909)
"The department consists of four steam fire-engines, four combination chemical and hose wagons, one aerial ladder truck, one city ladder truck, ..."Fagalicious.Com - Info
fagalicious receives about 1,632 unique visitors and 3,918 (2.40 per visitor) page views per day which should earn about $5.44/day from advertising revenue. Estimated site value is $2,210.58. According to Alexa Traffic Rank fagalicious.com is ranked number 304,670 in the world and 0.00062% of global Internet users visit it. This site has Google page rank of 3. Site is hosted in Houston, TX, 77002, United States and links to network IP address 174.132.166.58.
Earnings Report
- Website Value:
- $2,210.58
- Daily Revenue:
- $5.44
- Monthly Revenue:
- $163.20
- Yearly Revenue:
- $1,985.60
Traffic Report
- Daily Unique Visitors:
- 1,632
- Monthly Unique Visitors:
- 48,960
- Daily Pageviews:
- 3,918 (2.40 per visitor)
- Alexa Rank:
- 304,670 visit alexa
- Alexa Reach:
- 0.00062% (Percent of global Internet users)
- Alexa BackLinks:
- 129
- Average Load Time:
- (34.5%--
- Thailand 16.7%--
Contributing SubdomainsCurrently Not Available
Search Engine Report
- Google PageRank:
pagerank button on your website:
- Google Backlinks:
- 30,900
- Google Indexed Pages:
- 8,050
- Yahoo Backlinks:
- 97,528
- Yahoo Indexed Pages:
- 10,258
- Bing Backlinks:
- 14
- Bing Indexed Pages:
- 2,330
Domain Overview
- Domain:
- fagal.166.58
- ASN:
- AS21844
- ISP:
- ThePlanet.com Internet Services, Inc.
- Server Location:
- Houston
TX
77002
United States
Other sites hosted on 174.132.166.58There are no other sites hosted on this IP
Http Header
DNS Lookup
Whois Lookup
- Domain Created:
- 2009-01-29
- Domain Age:
- 2 years 3 months 29 days
- WhoIs:
-Graduate ProgramsAdult ProgramsTransfer StudentsAccepted StudentsCurrent StudentsFaculty/Staff
The Enactus team competition is a series of competitions where students have 20 minutes to utilize their public speaking abilities to present the results of their year long projects to Enactus partner judges. The judges are derived of business leaders of prominent companies such as Home Depot, AFLAC, Walgreens, etc. Enactus teams have the opportunity to compete at the regional level and, if they are successful, move on to national, international, and even world competition.
This year, Reinhardt Enactus members chose not compete in regional competition in order to focus on their many community service and outreach projects.
Bob FainEmail:RLF@reinhardt.eduPhone: 770-720-5670Current version: 1.6
Ever wanted to hold a popularity contests on your site, or image and content battles? The ShowDown plugin for WordPress now lets you do that.
What’s New in v1.6+?
-
Add Ons (sold separately)
User Submit: Allow your visitors to upload Competitors. Try out the demo here..
Recent Updates
Read about the latest update to the plugin on the ShowDown blog.1.6 --------- - Ability to turn off secondary nonce - Separate transition message per game - Add customisation to what's shown on Competitor Page - Added 'last voted' widget - Fixed FB/Twitter share bug in Showdown v1.5.5 --------- - Fixed bug for sidebar widget which was showing results from all categories. v1.5.4 --------- - Added "About this image" section in the Add New Competitor screen for Yay/Nay contests. v1.5.3 --------- - Added extra custom nonce to stop refreshes being counted as extra votes - Define post thumbnail sizes using WordPress image re-sizing v1.5.2 --------- - Bug fix (points being lost in Retention routine) v1.5.1 --------- - Fix for post integration to support new TinyMCE in WordPress v3.9 - Tweak voting so that IP blocks don't count as votes - Adjusted error on vote retention feature v1.5 ------- - Vote Lifespan - Affiliate or Competitor Links - Affiliate Link Caption - Yes/No mode - Group vs Group Battles - Customized Head/Popularity" contests simultaneously. - Restrict repeat voting on Hot or Not/Popularity contests. - Ability to reset stats for Competitors. - Display Group name on Battles and Hot or Not/Popularity contests. - Top 10 for Hot or Not/Popularity contests, previously only available for Battles. - User initiated results sharing on Twitter and Facebook. - Custom widget available under Appearance > Widgets area. - Change color of Hot or Not/Popularity contest voting buttons. v1.2 ----- - Fixed image filtering option in shortcode. v1.1 ----- - Fixed "Groups" filtering in shortcode. v1.0 ----- - Battle Mode. - Hot or Not/Popularity Mode. - Backend Statistics. - Affiliate Link Custom Field.Teen Dating Violence On-Line Resource Kit
Where to Go for Help
Find the domestic violence or rape crisis center closest
to you by searching our statewide Domestic
Violence and Sexual Assault Services Directory.
National Domestic Violence Hotline
1-800-799-SAFE
National Sexual Assault Hotline
1-800-656-HOPE
Chicagoland Domestic Violence Help Line
1-877-863-6338 (Chicago area only)
Chicago Rape Crisis Hotline
1-888-293-2080 (Chicago area only)
More Information for Teens:
Love is not abuse site includes warning signs, a quiz, the story When Love Hurts and more.
Love doesn’t have to hurt teens website.
Developed by Another Level Records of the High School for the Recording Arts and Cornerstone’s Preventing Abuse and Violence through Education (PAVE) program.
The Center for Domestic Violence Prevention in San Mateo County.
Created by teens to inform and encourage activism around teen dating violence.
Created to work with youth to end the culture of violence.
Created to empower men to stop rape and other acts of violence.
More Information for Parents & Educators:
Family Violence Prevention Fund site, includes teen dating violence prevention information and resources, including innovative programs to reach men and young men such as Coaching Boys into Men & the Founding Father’s Campaign.
American Bar Association’s Web site Speaking About Teen Dating Violence
Website of Jackson Katz, a leading anti-sexist male activist, trainer and creator of Tough Guise: Violence, Media, and the Crisis in Masculinity. He specialized in gender violence prevention with men and boys, especially in sports and military culture.
Website of Paul Kivel, anti-violence and anti-racism activist, writer and lecturer. The website offers articles, books, exercises, bibliographies, links, etc.
A parent education program to begin to bridge the gulf that often exists between schools, parents and their children around difficult topics.
Communities Against Violence site.
Information and resources for parents on how to detect, prevent and help youth in violent relationships.
Return to Keeping Communities Safe
Return to Home PageCameras at Quality Tooling are used to monitor unattended machining operations. Because they can be accessed via smartphones, the Alveys (Michael is shown here) don’t have to leave home to periodically check on equipment in person..Mononucleosis.
On the medicinal herblist in May96,
> Could someone give me suggestions on what to do for mononucleosis? After two months of going to the doctor I went to a different one yesterday and it was mono. No wonder I feel like sh*t. Any alternative/herbal therapy suggestions would be appreciated.
Certainly we must be careful about saying use this for that without taking many things into consideration. Diet, lifestyle, constitution, etc. Plus we need to understand what mono is: a viral infection that affects the spleen and lymphatic system.
One herb of possible use for mono would be Ceanothus, or Red Root. This wonderful herb, rather than being a lymph system stimulant, essentially "cleans the grates" or "changes the filters" of the lymph system by clearing the capillary walls of crap that prevents the flow of fluid from the blood to the cells to the lymph system, and also where the lymph system flows back into the blood. This helps in the flowing of lymphatic fluids. It also helps with spleen stuff.
Another herb would be Lomatium, since it can be helpful in viral infections, and has immunostimulant properties.
If the liver is involved, certainly supporting it with Oregon Grape, Clover, etc. would be appropriate.
[image:24482 align=left hspace=1]PLEASE don't use Goldenseal ..... it's time to switch to Oregon Grape (or goldthread if you have the source). (more on that here: hydrasti.html)
But don't just mix all this stuff together and take 'em. Educate yourself before running off to the store to buy herbs blindly. Get some good books, many are available on line, like Michael Moore's teaching aids via his home page. Use that "find" button to look up Mononucleosis, and you'll get much more info.
Howie BJenna Bush: Today Show's Newest Correspondent!
Former first daughter Jenna Bush Hager will contribute monthly segments to the Today Show as the morning show’s latest correspondent.
The 27-year-old teacher in Baltimore, Maryland will highlight stories like education (she always wanted to be a teacher and a writer, and has already authored two books.)
“It wasn’t something I’d always dreamed to do,” the daughter of former President George W. Bush said. “But I think one of the most important things in life is to be open-minded and to be open-minded for change.”
WILL YOU TUNE IN to watch Jenna Bush Hager’s Today Show segments?Idle AfternoonMike Kennedy
Idle Afternoon
CD/LP/Track Review
- Insulation by Victor L. Schermer
- Idle Afternoon by Edward Zucker
- Insulation
Self Produced
2014
- Idle Afternoon
Self Produced
2006
Idle Afternoon (Self Produced) by Mike Kennedy
Broken link? Report it to us
Original composition. Mike Kennedy on guitar, Mike Frank on piano, Paul Gehman on bass, Dan Monaghan on drums. Recorded at Maja Audio Group, Phila., PA.
Purchase album Download MP3
This track appears by permission of contributing artist and/or record company. It is for personal use only; no other rights are granted or implied.When Claude Chevalier took control of the family cellars in 1994 the first thing he instituted was a new mindset. He began a renovation in the cellar and an emphasis that the wine is made first and finally in the vineyards. In 2000, Claude made a radical change - he hired the well know Greek oenologist, Kyrakos Kynigopoulos, a.k.a. "the vineyard magician."
Claude's wines reflect the...
More »
I really enjoyed this wine as a great value Burgundy. In terms of color, it had a deep ruby core and on the nose the aromas were pronounced with notes of spice and bramble (or underbrush), reminiscent of Rhone wines. On the nose I detected red fruits such as raspberry and currant. The palate matched the nose revealing clove, cranberry and earthy elements. This wine has medium plus acidity, soft tannins, and light body. This is a very good quality wine that could age another five to ten years and pair wonderfully with light meats or hard cheeses.
This is the third 2005 vintage wine from this producer which I've tasted in as many weeks (filling the 1er Cru spot between the Village and Grand Cru offerings of theirs I've had recently and enjoyed immensely). Color is dark rose red. Nose is unexpectedly dark and brooding, but quite pleasing with its briar/bramble/underbrush qualities. Reminds me more of a Rhone varietal based wine than of Pinot. Lots of blue-black aggregate fruits - blackberry, raspberry, boysenberry, loganberry. Interestingly, this also has a bit of a high-end Barolo tar note and trailing hints of more typical Pinot-esq bright sour cherry and allspice. The palate does an amazing 180 on the nose - bright, clean, sprightly, and super fresh. The acidity is mouth watering and it compliments the bright raspberry fruit and allspice/clove finish.
Sign in (or register) to create a WinePost on this wine.Storm Lake, IA (KICD) — A Royal woman enters a plea to posing as a nurse to get prescription drugs to resell.
In Buena Vista County District Court Friday, 29-year old Kayleen Leedahl entered a not guilty plea to 14 counts of 1st offense Obtaining or Trying to Obtain a Prescription Drug by Deceit, and Ongoing Criminal Conduct.
According to police and court documents, Leedahl posed as a nurse and used a doctor’s information to get prescriptions from a Storm Lake pharmacy from July 22 through Nov. 13. She’s accused of buying Norco, Ambien, Levaquin, Zofran, Lortab and Valium.
Her trial was set for March 4.Hang tight!
Recipe by Sandy Metzler
"An easier version of an Italian favorite, using instant mashed potatoes. This recipe can easily be double, tripled, etc. I make multiple batches, and freeze. To freeze, put on cookie sheets until frozen, and then put into plastic bags. Serve with your favorite spaghetti sauce."
Hmm. None of these ingredients are on sale today.
Show ingredients on sale
Sort stores by
Save money at local stores when ingredients are on sale!
Watch video tips and tricks
1 cup
dry potato flakes
1 cup
boiling water
1
egg, beaten
1 teaspoon
salt
1/8 teaspoon
ground black pepper
1 1/2 cups
all-purpose flour
PREP
COOK
READY IN found this recipe labor intensive for what it was. Although we liked the gnocchi, I wouldn't make this recipe again. First, you can only make a few at a time, so we did not really get to eat as a family. We have a local brand of frozen that are just as good or better. Sorry!
438 Ratings...
Wow! Thank you so so much for this recipe. We LOVE gnocchi, but had never considered making them at home (only restaurants and the occasional store bought). I was looking for recipes that would freeze well and stumbled upon this one. Excellent! I did take the advice of another reviewer and seasoned with rosemary instead of pepper. The rosemary flavor jumped out beautifully in the finished product. I also added a bit of Romano cheese to the dough. I couldn't taste it so it either needs more or should just be left out. I want to emphasize that my husband is a food snob. He has eaten at some of the finest restaurants in the U.S. He never "LOVES" what I make. It is always "okay" or "fine." A constant critic of gnocchi in restaurants, he loved this one! I could see trying to make it a little lighter in texture, fiddling with flavors, etc, but this is a great base recipe to work with. Enjoy!
Wow! Gnocchi DOES NOT get any easier then this recipe! I don't like instant spuds like everyone else, but you can't taste them in this recipe. I agree they needed a little kick so I added some finely minced fresh basil, and garlic salt-O! I'm thrilled the other rater mentioned they freeze well too! Another perk!
Can I just say WOW. I never knew fresh gnocchi could be this easy. Granted, dough is always a pain to work with, but this was very simple and took no time at all. I recommend being heavy handed with seasonings and adding seasoning salt, garlic powder, rosemary and Italian seasoning to the dough. As suggested by others, I would add some Romano next time myself. And I would double this recipe if feeding another person, seeing as I ate the whole batch myself no problem! They were delicious with a bottled Alfredo sauce! Bon appetit!
This is a very good recipe for what it is. Nothing is ever going to compare to real made-from-scratch gnocchi, but these come pretty darm close. I'm excited to try some of the flavor variations that others have mentioned. Just two notes: Keeping the size of each dumpling quite small (about the size of your thumbnail or a bit bigger) will produce a better result. Also, I didn't need anything even close to 1 1/2 c. of flour. I doubt I used even half of that. So, add the flour very slowly--too much will result in dense, tough gnocchi.
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Quick Gnocchi
Serving Size: 1/2 of a recipe
Servings Per Recipe: 2
Amount Per Serving
** Calories: 462
** amazing potato gnocchi.
Chef John reveals the tricks to making perfect potato gnocchi.
What's cooking in Long Beach? The perfect potato gnocchi.Forget blue box at least once a week. My mom just did not always feel up to making homemade side dishes every night, and I never complained! When I got older I discovered a whole world of macaroni and cheese that did not involve powdered cheese and I have tried more than I care to tell you about.
The recipe I am about to share with you makes the creamiest macaroni and cheese I have ever made, and it is nearly as fast as making the stuff in the box. I make this at the holidays now because it is more popular than the baked one I used to make. In fact, my brother (who is himself something of a macaroni and cheese aficionado) told me that going forward this was the ONLY recipe I should use. High praise indeed.
One thing I feel I must add is that you really should grate your cheese fresh. Cheeses that come ready-grated have anti-caking agents in them which change the way they melt. They also change the overall texture of the cheese sauce. Of course, if it makes your life easier you can use the ready-grated stuff but the sauce may not be as creamy.
Also, if you are watching your figure, as so many of us are, you can use reduced-fat cheese (this you must grate yourself, reduced-fat ready-grated cheese will not work). You can also use 2% evaporated milk. The results are just as creamy, just as delicious, but far kinder to your thighs.
- 8 ounces macaroni, or any smallish tube shaped pasta
- 1 tablespoon butter
- 6 ounces (about ⅔ cup) evaporated milk
- 6 ounces (about 1 cup) freshly grated cheddar cheese
- 1 egg, beaten
- 1 teaspoon dry mustard powder
- ¼ teaspoon red pepper
- Hot sauce, to taste
- Salt and pepper
- Cook the pasta according to package directions, but reduce the cooking time by one minute. Drain and pour back into the cooking pot.
- Over medium-low heat, add the butter and stir until melted.
- In a small bowl combine the egg, milk, and spices. Whisk until thoroughly combined then pour over the pasta. Stir until the sauce begins to thicken, about 5 minutes.
- Remove the pan from the heat then add the cheese in four installments, making sure the first is melted completely before adding the next.
Serve immediately.
Pingback: Stove-top Mac & Cheese : Blisstree()
Pingback: Stovetop Mac and Cheese w/Sloppy Joes « Active Life Cooking()
Pingback: Triumphs and Tragedies in the Kitchen! « Savoriesnsweets’ Blog()
Pingback: Stovetop Mac & Cheese | RecipeLionBlog()
Pingback: Tex-Mex Macaroni and Cheese | Evil Shenanigans - Baking & Cooking Blog()
Pingback: Twitted by AmandaPlease()
Pingback: Best of 2009!! | Evil Shenanigans - Baking & Cooking Blog()
Pingback: Cooking « A Life in the Present 3.0()
Pingback: Gluten-Free Mac ‘n Cheese | Without Wheat()
Pingback: Spicy Stove Top Mac and Cheese | Braised Anatomy()
Pingback: Bock Beer Macaroni and Cheese | Evil Shenanigans - Baking & Cooking Blog()
Pingback: Easy Mac and Cheese « sunnysideupsd.com()
Pingback: {Crazy Cooking Challenge} Ultimate Macaroni & Cheese Recipe â€” Daily Dish Recipes()
Pingback: Easy Mac and Cheese « Sunny Side Up()
Pingback: Turkey Quinoa Meatballs with Mashed Potatoes and Cheesy Pasta « foodie julie()
Pingback: Better Than Takeout: Replacement Foods Pt. I | Excerpts of Awkwardness()
Pingback: Pinterest Day: Stove Top Mac and Cheese | Heaven In A Jar And A Burrito. Still.()
Pingback: Mac and Cheese, Our Top 5 Picks | HoneyMash.com()
Pingback: Dude, More Food. | Musings Of A Southerner()
Pingback: The best mac and cheese I have ever tried! | Creative Home Ideas()
Pingback: Velveeta Mac And Cheese Stove Top Recipes | We Get Healthy()Traffic signals restored at intersection of Routes 51 and 88 in OverbrookMay 28, 2014 1:06 PM
Traffic signals at the busy intersection of Routes 51 and 88 in Overbrook were out of service early this afternoon but were functioning again by 1 p.m.
Utility crews were working in the area when a power line came down on the signals, PennDOT spokeswoman Juliann Sheldon said.
First Published May 28, 2014 12:35 PMHigh Point teacher dies from shooting injuries
Laurrissa Armstrong
GREENSBORO, N.C. – Greensboro police said a High Point teacher who was shot by her estranged husband last month died from her injuries on Saturday.
Police said 62-year-old Laurrissa Armstrong was shot multiple times by 61-year-old Bruce Ray Armstrong shortly before 8 a.m. Aug. 29 in front of her apartment at 1404 Adams Farm Parkway.
Police responded and find Laurrissa Armstrong in critical condition while Bruce Armstrong was dead. The cause of his death is still under investigation.
Laurrissa Armstrong was taken to Moses Cone Hospital where she remained in critical condition until her death, officials said.
Police said they’re awaiting the medical examiner’s report to determine the manner of Bruce Armstrong’s death.
Greensboro police said Laurrissa Armstong’s death is the eighth fatality resulting from domestic violence in the city this year. Her death marks the city’s nineteenth murder of 2013.
Laurrissa Armstrong has worked for Guilford County Schools since 1996, according to Nora Carr, the district’s chief of staff. She has.
Guilford County District Court Judge Linda Falls ruled on Aug. 7 “the plaintiff (Laurrissa Armstrong) has failed to prove grounds for issuance of a domestic protective order.” Judge Angela Foster also denied the motion on July 29.
Previous coverage:
Teacher shot, husband dead after apparent domestic incident
Two judges denied shooting victim a restraining orderReturn to Transcripts main page
CONNECT THE WORLD
Human Rights Watch Declares War Crimes On Both Sides In Syrian Conflict Appalling; Interview with Olympic Organizer Sebastian Coe
Aired August 1, 2012 - 16:00 ET
THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT. THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED.
BECKY ANDERSON, HOST: Highs and lows as eight badminton players are kicked out of the games, accused of playing to lose. But it's a golden day for Team GB as Bradley Wiggins cycles into British Olympic history. MAX FOSTER, CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: And I'm Max Foster at CNN London. As Syria's president calls on his army to restore calm, fresh allegations of atrocities not carried out by the regime, but by the rebels. And remembering a literary genius who both shocked and amused, American writer and commentator Gore Vidal died at the age of 86. ANDERSON: Team GB's golden dream is finally a reality. The host nation celebrating their first gold medals today. Cyclist Bradley Wiggins rides into the history books taking gold in the men's time trial and becoming Britain's most decorated Olympian of all time. Well, that triumph came shortly after victory in the water for rowing pair Heather Stanning and Helen Glover. But casting a shadow on the celebrations today, scandal on the badminton court. The world badminton federation has dismissed appeals for two South Korean women's double's teams who were thrown out of the Olympics for trying to lose matches. Eight female players from China, South Korea, and Indonesia were disqualified. Well, tonight I'm surrounded by Olympic champions, gold medal winning sprinter and CNN contributor Linford Christie in the house here, still the only British man to win gold in all four of the major athletics competitions. And the American Olympic diver Greg Louganis, widely thought of as the greatest high board performer of all time. Two big stories out of these games. I don't think I'm being partisan tonight, Greg, when we start with the host nation, Team GB, getting their first gold medals. And Bradley Wiggins, cycling into the history books last week at the Tour de France and today Linford, once again, making British Olympic history with seven golds, outdoing Sir Steve Redgrave. How about that? LINFORD CHRISTIE, CNN CONTRIBUTOR: Well, that's quite a feat. And to think, you know, the Tour de France is such a grueling race and to, you know, finish that and come again here and, you know, ride and to win gold, that's just an amazing feat. ANDERSON: Greg, it's quite something isn't it when you win one gold, but when you win seven Olympic medals and you ride into those history books it's quite a feat. GREG LOUGANIS, U.S. OLYMPIC DIVER: Yeah, it's quite a feat and a bit obsessive, you know. (LAUGHTER) ANDERSON: 48 kilometers or so today. Who to say, you know, Tour de France, just, what, 10 days ago. He's got to cycle at like something like 50 kilometers an hour for nearly 50 kilometers. It wasn't a very tough race so far as the sort of topography is concerned, but he's still a youngster, Bradley Wiggins, isn't he? I mean, he's quite phenomenal what we saw. LOUGANIS: It's incredible. He has a wonderful future to look forward to. ANDERSON: Yeah, yeah. All right, well, Team GB both in the pool -- sorry, in the rowing pond and cycling today. Wiggo, as he's nicknamed, is on a winning streak and he's picking up plenty of fans along the way. Have a listen to this. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: We deserved it. Being the greatest country on earth, we deserved it, there you go. (LAUGHTER) UNIDNETIFIED MALE: It's amazing to see the guys who see -- especially the guys who have just been riding the tour to see them in the flesh is fantastic. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Yeah, it's fantastic, it's great. Yeah, we won the gold in the rowing, but it's great -- two golds in a day, brilliant. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Amazing athlete, really good for British cycling. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: He's the best athlete. He's the best Olympian ever now. There's no beating him. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: To be in cycling is even better, it'll be great for the sport. So after he won the Tour de France everyone went cycling crazy, now this. They'll just -- everyone will be buying bikes and cycling everywhere. It'll be crazy. (END VIDEOTAPE) ANDERSON: Arise Sir Bradley Wiggins. We are expecting him to be knighted if history is anything to go by being the best British Olympic athlete of all time, certainly that does deserve the knighthood. Watch out (inaudible). Well, that was the good news -- well, some of the good news certainly out of what has been a fantastic day five here at the Olympic park. The Badminton Federation, though, making a decision today which has been controversial at least. Let me just give you a back drop to what happened. Eight badminton players, four pairs -- two from China, one from South Korea, and one from Indonesia, were expelled today for, and I quote, "the federation not using one's best efforts, or not trying hard enough to win a match." Was it simply these guys were not giving 100 percent, or did these players chuck matches in order to manipulate what was going on as they moved through the knockout -- the heats into the knockout stages going forward? It was decided after some really pathetic games as far as the fans at least here at the Olympic Park were concerned. These guys simply hadn't performed and the Olympic spirit suggests you've got to do your best all the time. Well, after the federation's decision to expel them, this is what they had to say a little earlier today. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) THOMAS LUND, BADMINTON WORLD CHIEF EXECUTIVE: I've not as disciplinary committee reviewed all the evidence, or seen all the written material, but what I've heard is that it was pretty obvious and that way, of course, very -- very serious case that was displayed for the world audience. It is the responsibility of the team members, the entourage around the players, to live up to the standards in our regulations, the players' code of conduct, to go after winning every match. That's the bottom line. (END VIDEO CLIP) ANDERSON: Guys it's interesting what happened today, lots of chat about this on the Twittersphere and in the (inaudible). These guys, it seems, didn't play their best at the beginning of a tournament possibly so that they could manipulate where they got to in the sort of closing rounds. Now some people would call that tactics, and some people would call that against the spirit of the games. What would you call it, Greg? LOUGANIS: Well, I mean, the spirit of the games. I mean, you take an athlete's oath at the beginning of the games. I mean, you are supposed to put your best effort forward. You know, you shouldn't be looking to manipulate, you know, what run you're going to be competing in. ANDERSON: But it does happen, come on. In many events. LOUGANIS: You know, don't be so obvious, I guess. Geez. ANDERSON: And this may have been their crime. Possibly they were playing too obviously and too pathetically for the crowd. And it does -- that is important, isn't it, that the crowd is here paying to be entertained. CHRISTIE: Well, they are. But, you know, the problem is, I mean, I think the crime is, like Greg said, you know, they maybe too obvious. Because something we do in athletics, you know, you cruise through the round, because you're trying to save energy for the final. And, you know, in a lot of the events that's exactly what happens. So I mean, if the rule -- if it allows them to do it, then what they need to do is change the rules. ANDERSON: Let's see what Lord Sebastian Coe, the London chair, had to say earlier on about this. He said he was depressed and appalled by the badminton scandal. Plenty of you having your say, but not everybody agrees with what Seb Coe said. Have a listen to this. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: If you don't play fair and square from the beginning, then the whole thing is a nonsense. So, yeah, I think if there's any question at all you have to say that's it, you're out. Sorry for them, but it's not fair on all the other athletes who are there really keen and want to get through if he's -- to me it's cheating. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Them kicked out is maybe a bit strong punishment, but I think that you need to do your best at the Olympics. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's all part of the games. They are trying to eventually win a gold medal. It wasn't like they were losing it for betting purposes. They were trying to win a gold. And they thought by losing a certain match it was going to help them win it overall. No problem with it. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE; It's cheating the spectators, as well I think, who come to see a fair and square match. (END VIDEO CLIP) ANDERSON: Was it right that they were expelled very briefly? CHRISTIE: No, I don't think so. I think they should maybe have given them a warning, but as someone today said, what it's -- they're trying to - - it's not that they're trying to the whole game, they're just trying to save energy to win the gold. And I think that's all right. ANDERSON: Greg. LOUGANIS: Yeah, you know, that's a hard call, because I mean, in diving I mean you have to put your very best effort forward. I mean, if you win prelims you're setting yourself up to win the semis and then the finals. So I mean, you always have to put your best foot forward. So, I mean, things like that, you know, it's very foreign to me. ANDERSON: Interesting topic of conversation. Eight athletes, though, out of the games as a result of the decision that was made today. All right, we are going to take a very short break here on CNN. Much more from the Olympic Park coming up later in the show, including London 2012 head Sep Coe's reaction to that scandal. For now, though, it is back to Max for some of the rest of the day's stories. FOSTER: Thank you, Becky. Coming up, Syria's president tries to rally his troops at a crucial stage in the civil war. And we'll have much more when Connect the World continues. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FOSTER: You're watching CNN. This is Connect the World with me, Max Foster. Welcome back to you. Now the United Nations is calling on both sides in Syria's civil war to protect civilian lives as fighting intensifies across the country. Opposition activists say at least 117 people were killed today, including 70 in Damascus. Fierce battles in Aleppo as well where rebels now claim to control half the city. President Bashar al-Assad is urging his troops to fight on, saying Syria's destiny is at stake. He told them, quote, "our people look to you as you defend their honor and dignity and give the nation back its stability." New video filmed by Syrian rebels appears to suggest they're now resorting to the same sort of brutal tactics the regime is accused of when it comes to enemy fighters. Our Ivan Watson is in northern Syria with a story of revenge. And we do warn you that some of the images you're about to see are extremely disturbing. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) IVAN WATSON, CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT: The battle for Aleppo is turning uglier and more vicious by the day with both sides apparently oblivious to the laws of war. On Monday, rebels and government security forces clashed around the Bab el-Narab (ph) police station in eastern Aleppo. Rebels told CNN they were then attacked by members of the Bedi Clan (ph), a pro-government militia. At least 11 rebel fighters were killed. The next day, their comrades went looking for revenge capturing several members of the Bedi family (ph). The rebels filmed and distributed video of their fighters kicking and beating two men. The cameraman identifies one of them as a man he calls Zano Bedi (ph). We next see Bedi (ph) bloody and almost naked in a room full of prisoners. "These are the Bedi (ph) Shabiha," says a voice off camera. "They attacked the people of Aleppo. And they killed 11 Free Syrian Army members." One by one, the captives mumble their names to the camera. The next rebel video shows Zano Bedi (ph) and several other prisoners being led outside. "Don't shoot. Nobody shoot," someone says. But that's not enough to stop what can only be described as a summary execution. Intense gunfire continues for almost a minute. An official with the Tauheed (ph) brigade, a large rebel group that operates in northern Syria, claimed responsibility for these extrajudicial killings. In a phone call with CNN he said the executions were carried out in retaliation for the rebels killed by the Bedi (ph) clan. "We conducted an investigation. Judged them guilty. And then took them outside and carried out the execution on approximately 12:00 noon on Tuesday," said the spokesman who asked only to be called Abu Ahmed (ph). For the last 17 months international organizations have denounced the Syrian government for committing atrocities against unarmed VIDEOTAPE) FOSTER: Well, a few days before Ivan filed that report, a Free Syrian Army member promised that rebels would not mistreat any captives. This statement was made by Abdul RasakqqTlas, cousin of the highest ranking Syrian military defector to date. He's also a prominent defector. We can't say if he speaks for all Syrian rebels. In this message he promises they will abide by the Geneva conventions regarding prisoners of war. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) ABDUL RAZAQQ TLAS, FREE SYRIAN ARMY (subtitles): ...that includes meeting their needs of food and medical attention. We try to keep them as far as possible from the battlefields and areas that could endanger their lives. We also announce that we are quite ready to receive delegates from the international Red Cross on a regular basis. (END VIDEO CLIP) FOSTER: So, are rebels committed to respecting the Geneva conventions? What about that apparent execution video we saw a few minutes ago. Well, let's talk about this with Ausama Monajed. He's a spokesman for Syria's largest opposition group the Syrian National Council. Thank you very much indeed for joining us. This video is a problem isn't it, for the whole opposition? AUSAMA MONAJED, SPOKESMAN, SYRIAN NATIONAL COUNCIL: Well, it is a crime. And we announced that we should issue a statement that this should not happen. And given the fact that he FSA, the Free Syrian Army and the battalion groups, the fighting groups on the ground, did issue several statements in the past confirming that they will comply with Geneva convention and they will not attack civilians. And there is a very famous video released a few weeks ago before the escalation in Aleppo took place, it shows a big major meeting of the heads and leaders of the battalions and fighting groups who were coordinating the attacks in Aleppo and they all confirming and agreeing on certain rules and terms not to attack civilians and not to kill prisoners and not to torture. And even the Syrian National Council have issued a document in also collaboration with the FSA that these kind of ill-treatment or crimes will not be tolerated. FOSTER: Human Rights Watch say it was potentially a war crime what we saw in this video. Do you agree? MONAJED: It is a crime. And we still yet to -- we need to examine whether this group in particular is linked to the structure of the Free Syrian Army and to who are those in leadership and who has given such orders. As you know, the Free Syrian Army is kind of a loose organization. It's all fighting groups and battalions and whoever opposes Assad and defects from the army and military. They form a battalion or a fighting unit to defend certain neighborhoods or villages or town. And they announce that they are part of the Free Syrian Army, doesn't mean it's all part of a central command or there's a very rigid chain of command in place in order to point fingers to one direction or another. FOSTER: Is this a rare, one-off or a problem with the culture within the rebel movement right now? Human Rights Watch also saying they've been seeing evidence of abuses such as torture and executions by rebel elements for some time. Are you concerned that somehow the political opposition is losing control of the rebels? MONAJED: It's still -- these kind of violations and crimes, it's still a very, very -- it's a low level and really isolated incidents here and there and almost most of the time are contaminated and contained in a way, because everyone knows that that impact and effect that this will have on everyone's image and vision on future Syria. And therefore, we cannot really by any chance compare the atrocities and massacres and horrible and horrific thing that the Assad regime is doing to these very minor or isolated incidents, despite the fact that we condemn them and despite the fact that these are crimes and should not take place. FOSTER: If you do gain power in Syria, will you hold these people to account in the same way as you would have done the other side? MONAJED: Absolutely. FOSTER: OK, thank you very much indeed for joining us, Ausama. We are going to take you to a short break now, but when we do come back, the lights are back on for India, but what happened while they were off. More on the country's worst blackout in over a decade next. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FOSTER: You're watching Connect the World live from London, welcome back. I'm Max Foster. Here's a look at some stories connecting our world tonight. News just coming in from the U.S. state of Texas, an air force official says a bomb threat was called into the San Antonio International Airport. Up until a couple of minutes ago, all terminals were evacuated. One of those terminals has just been reopened. These are live pictures out of San Antonio. Arriving planes have been parked away from the terminal and passengers are staying on board. We'll bring you more details as we get them. Engineers have restored power in Northern India after the worst blackout in more than a decade. It ground the country to a halt. Some 600 million people, around half of India's population, were left to battle the sweltering heat when three major power grids failed on Tuesday. Roads, businesses and industrial operations were also forced to shut down. Officials say the outage was caused by a rise in energy demands, not uncommon in the hot summer months. An outbreak of the deadly Ebola virus in western Uganda has now killed at least 16 people. It's thought that dozens more may be infected. Teams of health experts are working around the clock to try to contain the virus. Officials are urging civilians to avoid contact with infected individuals and to alert them of any suspected cases. U.S. Department of Agriculture says that half of the nation's counties are now considered disaster zones due to the devastating droughts and extreme heat seen in recent months. The harsh conditions mean heavy losses for farmers, especially in the corn industry where 50 percent of its crop output was rated as poor. The USDA also warned that food prices could rise by 4.5 percent in the next year. Plenty more still to come on Connect the World. Becky is in the Olympic Park -- Becky. ANDERSON: And that's right. And plenty of action day five at the Olympics. Two gold for the host nation finally. A stunning performance in the gymnastics for Japans Kuhei Uchimora. And the fans still lapping up the action in the pool, the aquatic center there behind me. It has, though, been a scandal that has cast a shadow over day five. Some say a scandal that certainly that goes against the spirit of the games. Earlier I spoke to the London organizing chair Seb Coe, about the badminton saga that's seen eight female players thrown out of the Olympics for not trying hard enough to win their matches. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) SEBASTIAN COE, LONDON 2012 ORGANIZING COMMITTEE CHAIR: The Olympic values are friendship, respect, and excellence. And on not one of those counts did what we see in that badminton venue, you know, fit. So the badminton federation were quite right. They made absolutely the right decision to be really tough on them. ANDERSON: The former head of the World Anti-doping Association spoke to me today. Dick Pound said that he believes only 10 percent of cheats are ever caught. COE: I'm not going to trade percentages or numbers. I do think we are in a more grown up environment where we're openly discussing this. You know, my own sport pulled nine competitors out before the championships because, you know, we were able to compare blood samples in what we call the blood passport. We take this very seriously. Sport takes it every seriously. And it comes back to what I said a moment ago about confidence. You know, we have to know when we're watching a sport that what -- you know the fans are watching something that is legitimate and the guy in lane three knows that the guy in lane four is, you know, is running with all the same attributes: good coaching, great national governing bodies, fantastic natural talent and hard work, not because somebody has got a chemist in lane four than they have in lane six. ANDERSON: We are not even halfway through the games as of yet. How are you feeling? COE: Exhilarated, the sport is really of a sensational -- you know, I haven't seen the record count today, but I think we've had about seven world records so far. They've been in a range of distances. And 34 different countries have won medals. So it's in good shape out there. ANDERSON: Relieved to see some golds for Team GB? COE: Yeah, that's nice, that's nice. Winning came become infectious. And that's what you want to sweep through a team. (END VIDEOTAPE) ANDERSON: Seb Coe speaking to me about the badminton, about the doping scandal that's been brewing here over the last four or five days and just how he feels about having organized what is quite the most phenomenal event here in London. Well, still to come on Connect the World, London's transport network also aiming for gold. Five days into the games we'll take a look at how that is holding up. FOSTER: But first, one of the most controversial and celebrated writers of our time, Gore Vidal, dies at the age of 86. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) ANDERSON: A very warm welcome to our viewers across Europe and around the world. I'm Becky Anderson at the Olympic Park. Much more from here later in the show. First, here's Max with the latest world news headlines here on CNN. FOSTER: The UN says Syrian rebels in Aleppo are now armed with tanks and heavy weapons and it's calling on both sides to protect civilian lives. President Bashar al-Assad rallied his troops to fight on today, saying Syria's destiny is at stake. The World Badminton Federation has dismissed appeals from two South Korean women's doubles teams who were disqualified for not trying hard enough to win their matches. Eight female players from China, South Korea, and Indonesia were kicked out of the doubles competition. Crews have restored power in India after the worst blackout in more than a decade ground the country to a halt. Some 600 million people were left without electricity when three major power grids failed on Tuesday. Roads, businesses, and industrial operations were also forced to shut down. Gore Vidal, actor, author, and social commentator has died at the age of 86. Vidal was a prolific writer with over 20 published novels, and he appeared in a number of Hollywood films, as well. He died at home of complications from pneumonia. (SILENCE) FOSTER: Sharp, cutting, and often controversial, Vidal will be remembered as much for his personal wit as for his writing, as Richard Roth reports. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) RICHARD ROTH, CNN CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Gore Vidal died, fittingly, on matinee day in New York. One of his most famous works, "The Best Man," is in a Broadway revival. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: It's a very sad day. Gore was an original. This is his greatest play. ROTH: At the famed Strand book store, Vidal's volumes were on display. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: He wrote bestselling books that were accessible but not simple. ROTH: Eugene Luther Gore Vidal, Jr. was born in 1925 at the US Military Academy in West Point, New York. And this iconoclast certainly marched to a different beat the rest of his life. Author, playwright, actor, political candidate, and all-around provocateur. Modest? Never. GORE VIDAL, AUTHOR: I have a strange sort of aphasia. I have these memory lapses. I -- I can't remember being wrong. And I do remember being right. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Gore Vidal was born at exactly the right time. He was not only the greatest living American man of letters, but he was also perfect for the media and the TV age. ROTH: Vidal did serve in the army, but took no prisoners the whole of his life. He was an acerbic aristocrat who did not suffer fools. Vidal would accept prestigious literary awards later in life, but lamented the state of the writers' profession. VIDAL: Readers are few. All these literary prizes should go to readers. Nobel Prize for the best reader in Milwaukee. ROTH: One of his first books was a 1948 novel about homosexual love, which attracted controversy and notoriety. More controversy almost a half a century later when he sympathized with Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh. VIDAL: He went ahead out of a sense of justice. ROTH: Vidal ran unsuccessfully for political office twice. The star of his "Best Man" political play is a big admirer. JOHN STAMOS, ACTOR: I always knew I loved the guy, but I found this quote. He said, "Never miss the opportunity to have sex or be on television." That's me! ROTH: Vidal sparred in numerous public feuds with fellow writers such as Mailer, Buckley, and Capote. (APPLAUSE) UNIDENTIFIED MALE: Vidal always wanted to have the last word, so I think the most beautiful thing, if you can find a beautiful thing in someone's death, is that I think he outlived all of his rivals. And I think he did achieve his goal: he had the last word. ROTH: Richard Roth, CNN, New York. (END VIDEOTAPE) FOSTER: Well, the tributes really have been coming in thick and fast from his Hollywood admirers. "Star Trek" actor Zachary Quinto said, "Gore Vidal, one of Tennessee's closest and a true revolutionary incendiary insightful -- incisive. Missed by many already." Actress Joan Collins paid tribute, saying "So sad, my friend the brilliant Gore Vidal has died. He was a total and -- well, he was a total original and a genius." And Michael Moore paraphrased one of Vidal's famous quotations tweeting, "Half of the American people have never read a newspaper, half never voted for president. One hopes it is the same half." Now, we're lucky enough to be joined by one of Gore Vidal's good friends, poet and novelist Jay Parini, who's at Middlebury College in Vermont. Thank you so much for joining us. Many people wonder what his motivation was, but what do you think he saw his role as being? JAY PARINI, FRIEND OF GORE VIDAL: I think he saw his role as being a public scold. He looked around and he saw potholes in the road and he saw many of them in a zillion different shapes, and he said, "There is a pothole." He pointed his finger. He was like a hawk, surveying the landscape, finding things that were -- that went against the grain, his own grain. He was essentially an American intellectual with roots in the Enlightenment. He believed in the American Republic and the ideals of the founding fathers, and he was much annoyed by the things that have happened in the last 200 and some years. FOSTER: He said he'd had targets in his lifetime. Were they consistent targets, or did they change over time? PARINI: Well, he -- he attacked politicians from the beginning. He attacked Richard Nixon. He wrote a whole play on Broadway called "An Evening With Richard Nixon," which was scathing. And he was a wonderful mimic. His jowl would shudder when he would play Richard Nixon. He made fun of Ronald Reagan. He called him our "acting president." He did wonderful imitations of Reagan. But he saved his lifetime of scorn, I think, in one fell swoop he attacked George W. Bush, whom he condemned for, he said, "trading American young men for oil in the Middle East, killing people for oil." So, Gore was -- Gore took, as your commentator said earlier, he took no prisoners. He was a ferocious social critic. He was a scold. But he was also a brilliant historian who looked deep and hard at American culture and at world politics, and he saw the discrepancies and the injustices, and he hated injustice wherever he saw it. And he pointed to it. He saw the role of the public intellectual as one of pointing a finger and saying, "Look, that's not right. You can do better than that." And Gore spent a lifetime, decades doing that. FOSTER: He befriended Timothy McVeigh, which was very controversial. What was he doing there? Was that a personal journey, or was this a message to people to sort of buck up in some way? PARINI: Well, he never really supported Timothy McVeigh's politics. He abhorred Timothy McVeigh's politics. But Timothy McVeigh had sent a very kind letter to Gore, and I think this had somehow appealed to Gore. One of the sides of Vidal, he was a personal friend of mine over 30 years, and he was actually a very kind man who responded to all personal inquiries. And he listened carefully and he tried to help people wherever he could, and he just simply on a human level connected to Timothy McVeigh, but it was not really a political thing. FOSTER: OK, Jay Parini, we appreciate your time. Thank you very much, indeed, for joining us. You're watching CONNECT THE WORLD. Still to come, Eastern economies are taking off, but their countries aren't coming along for the ride. We'll take a look at the growing pains being felt in some of the world's emerging markets. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) FOSTER: While many of us in the West are feeling the strains of a gloomy economy, it's a completely different picture in the East. Eastern economies are booming. It's not just India and China. Smaller countries in the region are catching up. Indonesia now has one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, but it's not all good news, as CNN's Sara Sidner has been finding out. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) ADRIAN WONOTO, OWNER, CV JAYA FURNITURE: Depending on the design, you can have some items that can be done in a few hours. Some designs that can be -- that have to be done in three days. SARA SIDNER, CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT (voice-over): Global demand is keeping Adrian Wonoto and his workers busy. Jakarta's infrastructure is keeping him guessing. WONOTO: If we get the production timing right, what about the shipment? SIDNER: It's 5:00 PM, and the third-generation furniture maker is ready to send off two containers filled with handmade rattan chairs and tables. Once at the port, his furniture will be shipped to the United States, Europe, and Latin America. But first, it has to get through this. (HORNS HONKING) SIDNER: Idling engines and honking horns, the sound of progress in Jakarta. Each and every day, 300 new cars hit the already-packed city streets. Officials say bad traffic is a sign of Indonesia's strong growth, but also of an infrastructure struggling to keep up. BAMBANG SUSANTONO, DEPUTY TRANSPORTATION MINISTER: The honest answer for them is that we are late in trying to cope with the demand. SIDNER: Wonoto says slowly his business is learning to adapt. WONOTO: We just assume it's going to be -- there's going to be traffic, it's going to take a certain amount of hours to reach the port. It takes a certain amount of days to arrange. So, we schedule pick them up. SIDNER: Tonight, he expects the shipment to take up to four hours to reach the port, just under 30 kilometers away. WONOTO: If a foreigner is surprised to see all the -- all the economic growth amidst the strife of lack of infrastructure, that surprises me, too. But, well, we work in many ways around it. SIDNER: It's estimated the gridlock costs the city more than $3 billion a year. But it hasn't stopped businesses like Wonoto's from succeeding. One and a half hours later, the container passes the port gates, well ahead of tomorrow's shipment. Sara Sidner, CNN, Jakarta. (END VIDEOTAPE) FOSTER: From the Gateway -- (CROSSTALK) ANDERSON: You're watching CONNECT THE WORLD. Next -- FOSTER: -- we're going to go back to the Olympic Park. And there's Becky. ANDERSON: Yes, you are. This is a special edition of CONNECT THE WORLD from the Olympic Park here. London 2012, the Olympics, of course. When we come back, Bradley Wiggins has now bagged the most British medals of all time. Michael Phelps has the world record, the Olympic record for medals. But who gets the title of the greatest Olympian of our time? That we're going to discuss with our great Olympians here with me in London after this. (COMMERCIAL BREAK) ANDERSON: We're back at Olympic Park here in London. Before the Games, a lot of the attention focuses on whether London's busy transport system would be able to cope. Now, officials warned that up to 3 million extra journeys would take place every day, and that people not going to the Games, well, they should frankly stay away. Well, five days in, we sent Phil Han on a trip from our CNN Bureau in central London to the Olympic Park here to see if things were really that bad. Have a look. (BEGIN VIDEOTAPE) PHIL HAN, CNN DIGITIAL PRODUCER: I'm here at Oxford Circus station, normally one of the busiest Underground stations in central London, but I'm going to test out the Underground system and head over to Olympic Park. I've got my tickets here. And let's see just how good or how bad the transport system is holding up. Let''s head on in. Well, it's been about 12 minutes since we left Oxford Circus, and we're here on the central line at Liverpool Street station. You've been traveling this line for a couple of days, now. How have you found it? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: Yes, I started traveling here on Monday, and it's very, very -- it gives access to the whole entire city. It's so useful. Out of the all the lines, I definitely use this one the most. UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE: This is very manageable. It should be much fuller, though, if you think about how many people are intending to come to London for the Olympics. UNIDENTIFIED MALE: I think it's been quite good. There's not -- there haven't been many delays or any strikes. So, people can get from one place to another quite easily. Yes, I think that it's been quite good so far. HAN: Well, that is the exit point for Stratford station. We're nearly at Olympic Park. We had to walk through a couple of underground tunnels to get to this point. But as you can see behind me, there's a pretty steady stream of people coming through the gates. And now, it's my turn to head down to the diving finals. (END VIDEOTAPE) ANDERSON: We didn't get him a ticket, though, so he's sort of hanging around at the Tube station. Well, no, he's not, he's been up here. How's your journey to the Games been? Is London treating you well? If you're not here and watching from somewhere else, are you enjoying what you're seeing? I want to hear from you. Tweet me @BeckyCNN, hash tag #cnnolympics, if you will. That's @BeckyCNN, hash tag #cnnolympics for all your Twitter users. And for the latest on Olympic action, of course, you can go to cnn.com/olympics. Now, this time last night, we were all celebrating Michael Phelps becoming the most decorated Olympian of our generation, clinching his 19th medal, there were cheers all around. Until this morning, that is, when the London Organizing Committee head, Sebastian Coe, you heard from earlier in this show, said something rather controversial. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) SEBASTIAN COE, CHAIRMAN, LONDON ORGANIZING COMMITTEE: I think you can probably say that clearly by self-evidently in medal tally, he's the most successful. I don't think, my personal view is, I'm not sure he's the greatest. (END VIDEO CLIP) ANDERSON: All right. Well, there you are. I put Seb on the spot and asked him who he thinks, then, is the greatest Olympian of all time. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) COE: If you pinned me on one particular name, because of the enormity of what he did, not just in his sport, but in an extraordinary Games in 1936, I think I'd probably settle for Jesse Owens. (END VIDEO CLIP) ANDERSON: The great diver, Greg Louganis, with me and Linford Christie in the house, as well. We've been having this chat all day between us here at CNN and around the world, it seems to have really inspired a debate. Greg, who is the greatest Olympian of all time? GREG LOUGANIS, US OLYMPIC DIVER: Well, my opinion -- Sergei Bupka. Sergei Bupka. ANDERSON: Sergei Bupka? Why? LOUGANIS: Speed, agility, strength. It was -- and the dominance that he had. ANDERSON: This is, of course, the Ukrainian pole vaulter, six-time world champion, and Olympic gold medalist. Broke the record some 35 times in his career. Still holds the record, in fact, of 6.14 meters. One gold medal, you're calling him the greatest of all time? Give me a break. (LAUGHTER) ANDERSON: What do you think, Linford? LINFORD CHRISTIE, CNN CONTRIBUTOR: Well, I think it's subjective, of course. ANDERSON: Yes. CHRISTIE: And I think this also should be done on how many competitors you've got in a race. There's certain events where not many countries participate. So, I'd have to go for Carl Lewis because he -- long jump, 100, 200, 4 by 1. It's phenomenal in -- to get out there in any sport. ANDERSON: So, you think it's about the events, how many events you're competing in, how many people you're competing against, and how -- what, the longevity of your greatness? Do you think that counts, as well? CHRISTIE: I think longevity, of course, counts. But we're talking about Olympics, so again, in -- track and field, your lifespan is very, very short. Steve Redgrave did five over five Olympics. It's impossible in our sport to do it. You've got to start at 15. ANDERSON: Yes, sure, that was rowing, of course. And he was in a boat with other people. Just bringing up Greg Searle in the back of the British, coxed eight today. He last competed in 1992, I think I'm right in saying. Well, this guy's been around -- he retired for ten years before -- and he got a bronze today and was incredibly disappointed. Let's have a look at the medal board for you guys while we're still at it. China out front. The US second. And things have changed for third place. We've got the South Koreans -- are you surprised by any of this, Greg, as you look at that medal table? LOUGANIS: I'm not. In so many things, it's the world chasing China. ANDERSON: Sure. LOUGANIS: Even in -- (CROSSTALK) ANDERSON: Complete economy. LOUGANIS: In diving, most definitely. ANDERSON: Yes. LOUGANIS: Most definitely. ANDERSON: Linford? CHRISTIE: Well, I think what China did, they started concentrating on events that weren't so out there, and they started capturing a lot of medals. So, again, they got maybe -- is it a sixth or a seventh of the world's population, so you'd expect them to lead the way. ANDERSON: Things will change as we get into track and field, of course, which is your great gig, as we move towards the weekend into next week. What one thing we should be watching out for in that, aside from Usain Bolt? (LAUGHTER) ANDERSON: Go on, tell us. CHRISTIE: Well, I think the men's 400, of course, and the women's 400. ANDERSON: Yes. CHRISTIE: We've got some great athletes there. It's a chance for -- I'm going to be biased -- sprinters to go out there and -- we've got Christine Ohuruogu, who's the defending Olympic champion, and she's getting back to some sort of form. There's going to be a big clash. ANDERSON: What are you watching for the next couple of days? LOUGANIS: In diving, our goal was to get an athlete or a team on the podium, and we've got two. ANDERSON: Yes. LOUGANIS: So, we're ahead of the game. We're doing really well. ANDERSON: Good, all right. Day six, a fierce rivalry will be reignited in the Velodrome, of course, guys, while 71-year-old Hiroshi Koketsu graces the dressage. It's a day for the veterans tomorrow. Watch out for that. We'll be back here. Before we leave you tonight -- thank you, chaps -- your Parting Shots. Team GB rowing champion Heather Stanning -- or should I say Captain Heather Stanning -- was cheered on by her regiment in Afghanistan when she won the first gold medal earlier today for Team GB. London's mayor Boris Johnson got himself into a bit of a situation when he tried to zip-line in one of London's fan zones. Take a look at this. The mayor got stuck 20 meters from the end of the line, then asking amused onlookers if they could hand him a rope and a ladder. Good old Boris. I'm Becky Anderson with Greg and Linford tonight. That was CONNECT THE WORLD. Thank you for watching. Max back with the world news headlines after this short break. (LAUGHTER) ANDERSON: Don't go away. ENDLifestyle
Your Dog, Your Life
The Scoop
Dog News, Politics
BOLz
Bark-Out-Loud Humor
Doggie Style
Gear and Glam
Dog Breeds
Puppies
Foods & Treats
Health & Care
Behavior & Training
Dog Grooming
Dog of the Day
Photo Comments
Sorry I have been gone for a while. Mommy and Daddy finally moved me into my own room. I have so much space now, but for some reason they don't trust me and they put me in my crate at night! My parents are going out of town and will be leaving me with Auntie Shannon. This ought to give me the chance to let my hair down.
Yesterday, I went to PetSmart and got my hair cut for the first time and I HATED it!!! I was so mad at mommy that I couldn't even look at her. HOW DARE SHE LEAVE ME WITH THOSE STRANGE PEOPLE!!! Since then, I have forgiven her. Oh yeah, I really disliked the halloween bows they put in my hair, I got rid of those very quick.
Until next time,
Logan Alexis
Hello again!!! Just wanted to update you on my adventures. I was supposed to have a Puppy Shower this past weekend but something came up and my parents had to reschedule it. Anywho! I had my 1st bath this past weekend. Let me tell ya, I hated it:( I got into the water and started to whine and my Daddy jumped in with me to make me feel better. Okay, so I sat there and took it like a good little girl. But then, Mommy went to the extreme with this thing that makes SOOOOOO much noise to dry me off. I thought I was going to lose some liquids at that point if you know what I mean. I started screaming to the top of my lungs "STOP IT YOU'RE SCARING ME" but it came out more like "ARRRRRRRRRRRRRF". Mommy got the point and dried me off with the big blue towel and cuddled with me until I calmed down. Overall it was a great family gathering. But don't get me wrong, I don't ever want to take a bath again.
Logan Alexis
Well, the weekend is gone and that means my parents have to go back to work. DARN!!! We had so much fun over the weekend. My mommy seems to think that I have a foot fetish but I don't think so. Just because I like to lick feet and sleep with my head in shoes doesn't mean that I have a foot fetish. Right? Anyway, this weekend coming up is my puppyshower. Mommy and Daddy have invited all of their friends and I am even registered at a store for gifts. I am treated with such celebrity status around here. I will write later to let you know of all the cool stuff I got.
Logan Alexis
Visit CatsterSky High Sports Houston
Sky High Sports Houston
Description: Jump sky high on the all trampoline floors and walls at this indoor trampoline park. There is also a foam pit for jumping into. They offer fitness classes, dodgeball, and birthday parties. You can purchase your tickets online. They also offer a special jump time for small kids that are 6-years-old and under once a week. Call for details.
Fitness Classes: Yes
Dodgeball Leagues: Yes
Kids Area:
Birthday Parties: Yes
Address: 10510 Westview Drive, Houston, TX 77043
Map:
Phone Number: (713) 464-5867
Website:
Twitter:
YouTube:
This information was accurate at the time of posting. Please contact the facility directly to get the most up to date information.
Write a Review
Great area for older kids ages from 10-18. Also as an adult you can enjoy the club by jumping around yourself because they allow alot of adults to jump around as well and its great cardio. So you will be having fun while getting in your GYM WORKOUT all at the same time.
NOW THE BAD…Customer service was horrible on the courts. Rude young audlts who i would have to say have to much power where they let it get to their heads. Example. one kid fell down wrong and sprained his ankle and one of the court helpers just yelled at the kid to get up instead of seeing if the kid had a problem. The court helpers would use profanity words when speaking to eachother and even one time toward a child =( sad america we live in today.To get additional details, samples and counts for our USA contact data please email me at this address Angie.Butts%freshnewlists.co.cc@localhost we have lots of different lists in many fields and this week is the time to buy with lowered list prices. to stop this email in future email us at rembox%freshnewlists.co.cc@localhost number displayed, press the SEND key can make call usingEach new generation of communication devices is touted as an advance in human cultural progress, and it's often true. But where there's money to be made selling gadgets, the so-called advantages and attractions may be nothing more than aggressive advertising disguised as hi-tech hype.
I can still recall the CB Radio craze, the early walkie-talkie phone craze, and, of course, the explosion of computer network use (the Internet, or World Wide Web) following the development of the Personal Computer (the cathode ray tube accompanied by a keyboard).
The world will never be the same again, now that we're all hooked up and humming with electronic interactivity.
But what are the long-term effects of all this device communication?
In an earlier post, from 2/1/10, I wrote the following:
"Is the world more complex, now that we have an increasingly sophisticated means of recording and replaying it, of "storing" its essence in larger and larger repositories of data, than it once had been, before written language, before verbatim, before electronic data storage? Are people smarter, or better informed, than they were before this expansion of the electronic universe of gadgets and "interactive" devices? Or are they dumber, more dependent, less creative and responsible for themselves (and their opinions) than they used to be? Are they more passive, less earnest, and somehow disengaged from reality, as the shadow-land of the internet universe comes more and more to occupy their waking consciousness? Are we becoming somehow psychologically "inverted" from reality, as an involution into fantasy, an alternate reality more "entertaining" than simply living?"
--and I speculated about the possible effects of the new generation of inter-active devices. I've been thinking further along these same lines, and have come to some more specific conclusions.
Texting devices, such as the "Blackberry," enable people with interactive hand-helds to send immediate short-text e.mail messages (known as "tweets"--hence "Twitter") to each other. "Facebook," a new web social networking system, allows efficient communication between whole groups of people (a further refinement of the "chat-site" networks). And cell phones now enable people to take pictures and videos which can then be sent to others as e.mails.
These devices are especially popular with teenagers and very young adults, who have bought into the idea that rapid, efficient communication at all times is somehow necessary, and fun.
As a refugee from the older generation, which grew up with land-line telephones and radios and televisions and record-players and tape decks, this new immediacy and urgency seems pretty redundant. I remember my parents rarely used the telephone, except to transact business, though my mother did on occasion conduct "gossip" conversations with other women. Later, as a teenager, I remember having rather longish (30-45 minute) calls with friends, during which we worked out our complicated teenage problems, as surreptitiously as possible, over the family phone.
When the internet came along, I reluctantly began to engage with others on chat-sites, and eventually started my own blog, The Compass Rose. As a professional writer, and one-time academic, writing (blogging) came naturally to me, and, like many other people, I found it an ideal medium in which to exercise my natural tendencies toward expressing opinion and conducting arguments. In addition, e.mail soon became my preferred mode for interpersonal communication, largely supplanting the telephone as a cheap, efficient message relay system. Though I carry a cell-phone, I never receive calls on it, and use it only as a way of touching base with other parties to keep appointments (perhaps 1 call, on average, every other day, or less).
But the new generation of devices has carried the efficiencies of the internet (and e.mail) to new levels. These devices--both cell-phones and the new hand-helds--have become smaller and smaller--in some cases people put ear-plugs in and have a tiny wire speaker to talk into (and can be seen walking down the street speaking oddly as if to themselves--"look, ma, no hands!")--so small, in fact, that the "keyboards" with which they make "text" messages can't be utilized except with the thumbs. These new devices are moving towards a time when people will literally be able to interact, both aurally and visually, without time or space limits, with other people in real-time.
How much of all this interactivity is necessary? Why do people think they need to make contact with each other with the frequency they now do? The phone companies, and the manufacturers of these devices, would surely have us believe that the more calls we make, the more times we hook up and browse the streams of data available, the better. But how much is enough? Will all this flutter and buzz become passe in a couple of years? Are these devices just a passing fad, or will they increasingly take over our lives, becoming the new standard preoccupation of our lives, which computers and the internet appear to have done?
How does the use of these devices effect our minds, our behavior, our verbal skills?
Based on my first-hand (anecdotal) experience, most of what passes for content inside the new wave of device traffic is trivial, unnecessary and largely redundant. The tweet limit per text message is 140 characters maximum, which is about two sentences long. Most cell messages, and even cell conversations, in my experience, are short, owing in part to the sketchy nature of the transmissions, and the frequently awkward (noisy, public, untimely) conditions under which these conversations occur. Before public pay-telephones were obsoleted, they were originally housed in private booths, with doors, allowing the users complete privacy and conditions of quiet which enabled them to listen to the receiver, and to speak without broadcasting their words to anyone within earshot; as time went on, the doors came off, then the "walls" of the booth began to shrink. In their last incarnations, public phones began to look like hiway emergency phone boxes, with no aural containment(s) whatsoever.
Today, there's a new kind of rude public discourtesy abroad: Everyone seems to think nothing of conducting every kind of phone conversation and video exchange in public, in full voice and full view. We see sophisticated couples sit down in fine restaurants where the tab hovers well above $100, each partner engaged simultaneously in a separate cell-phone conversation. You will see children and teenagers in movie houses or restaurants fiddling with their text units, completely unaware of their surroundings or companions. People will go out in public, taking their computers along, in order that they can plug in to the Wi-Fi at a coffee-shop or juice bar--it's almost as if these people are taking their computers along as dates! And in what must be the most insulting and intrusive aspect of the new hand-held technologies, people are surreptitiously (or openly) photographing or video-taping strangers in public, without their permission.
There are at least three negative aspects to all these kinds of behaviors:
1) The imposition of private communication and disturbance. Cell phone conversations in public constitute an inappropriate invasion of public space by users. Not only do I not want to know what strangers are saying in private conversations, I don't even want to be forced to ignore what they're saying. I resent another person thinking that their cell messages, cell conversations, and hand-held exchanges are more important than their obligation to honor the reality of our company. It's a tacit declaration that what we're doing now, here, in the present, is of secondary importance and concern. It's a form of disrespect and selfishness which transcends tolerance, and should never be indulged in.
2) The trivialization of communication through brevity (abbreviation) and ephemerality. What could possibly be important enough to require the interruption of your work, your recreation, or your free time? Fully 98% of everything that is communicated through cell phones, texters and Facebook posts has literally no value, either to the sender or the recipient; it's comprised of pointless reports, remarks, wise-cracks, or simple "Hello's" with no more import than a wave across the street. Why would anyone believe that paying a service provider to engage in this kind of bland, petty, frivolous exchange is a worthwhile investment? If indeed people do this for no other reason than that it's the current fad, then its days may yet be numbered--for which, may we all pray. The formality of the public sphere of behavior and courtesy was intended to make the public life more enjoyable and mannered, but the breakdown of these formalities already has contributed to a general atmosphere of adolescent boorishness. Habituation to the use of highly abbreviated media almost certainly has the effect of lowering the general level of literacy and the ability to express coherent thought; and the habitual resort to the fewest possible "characters"--rather than cultivating concision--certainly discourages clear thought, worked-out and organized conceptual cognition. People who over-use abbreviation, as if it were a kind of preferred speech, will eventually turn into hybrid illiterates, who've lost the ability to talk about anything at length, or in depth. They will likely become so impatient with ordinary speech and reading, that they'll abandon most print matter just out of laziness and boredom.
3) The alienation from the presence of place and time through distraction from proximity. The notion that one must constantly be in touch with someone in another place, anyplace but right here and now, is a recipe for complete disorientation. "What's happening?" But the what's happening is almost never about where one is, what one is doing, who one is with, right now. Socialization achieved chiefly through electronic communication is a kind of bogus, ersatz socialization. One's physical presence, one's body, one's face, the sound of one's voice, the way you walk--these physical queues to one's identity are crucial existential factors in one's being in the world. For teenagers and children, especially, the idea of creating a fictitious identity on the internet, or through Facebook, is a dangerous temptation to certain kinds of schizophrenic alienation. Children are notoriously prone to it. Psychologists tell us that kids who habitually sit for extended periods of time at computers, playing games, twittering and chatting with mostly strangers online, will not only likely become overweight and lethargic and listless physically, but may also become mentally incapacitated in certain ways. Kids, and even adults, who live the balance of their meaningful lives through their electronic gadgetry, are living a shadow existence. They're connected, but they've lost touch with the reality of themselves in the physical world.
As members of the animal kingdom on earth, we're first and foremost physical beings. Our bodies have a physical dimension which precedes our mental space. The advanced human brain was a late development of the genetic descent of apes to humanoids. Physically--neurally, and through our skeletons and musculature--we are designed to move constantly through our environment. Our bodies aren't designed as passive interactive "units" which "participate" in a vast electronic matrix as docile cogs in the machine of energized bits of data. The more of our physical and mental spaces we cede to the fee-for-service webstream, the less we "live" our lives for ourselves.
The identities we acquire and live through within the matrix of data, are just tiny platforms of temporary utility. They give us nothing, and we leave nothing behind. Our blogs, our chat-posts, our mindless cell conversations--they obsolesce and vaporize within days, if not hours. We're living so fast and pointlessly, through the electronic waves, that we've de-valued and de-mystified ourselves as fully integrated, dignified presences.
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- It will be Antti Niemi vs. the Blackhawks Wednesday at HP Pavilion. He got the nod from San Jose Sharks coach Todd McLellan, getting the start over No. 1 Antero Niittymaki.
Things haven't been easy for Niemi in San Jose. He has a 2-4-1 record, a 3.91 goals-against average and a .878 save percentage. Niittymaki is 7-2-3 with a .919 save percentage and a 2.07 goals-against average.
But McLellan said he gave Niittymaki a chance against his former team and the team rallied around him, so he figured to do the same with Niemi.
A $2.75 million arbitration award spelled the end for Niemi in Chicago as the Hawks walked away and signed Marty Turco. Niemi, who backstopped the Hawks to their first Stanley Cup in 49 years, then agreed to a one-year, $2 million deal with Sharks.
"I'm not trying to think about the game too much like it would be too special," Niemi said. "It's just another game and we need to get wins.
"I need to put together some really good games to get some confidence. This is a big chance to do it. At this part of the season ever game is huge."Resources
Browse by:
INVENTOR
PATENT HOLDER
PATENT NUMBER
DATE
Variable output power supply
Image Number 4 for
United States Patent #6788151
.
A variable output power supply for use in a highly efficient linear amplification system includes an envelope detector having at least one input for receiving an input signal to be amplified. The envelope detector generates, as an output, a control signal that is representative of an envelope of the input signal. The variable output power supply further includes a controllable source that is coupled to the envelope detector. The controllable source generates an output voltage and/or current that is responsive to the control signal, such that the output of the variable output power supply dynamically changes as a function of the envelope of the input signal. When employed in a linear amplification system, the variable output power supply provides a supply voltage to a linear amplifier which can be dynamically varied in response to the envelope of the input signal so as to provide a substantially constant voltage supply headroom for the amplifier. In this manner, an efficiency and frequency response of the amplification system is improved, and a reduction in overall power dissipation of the amplification system can be achieved.
Recently Added Patents
Parasitic element compensation circuit and method for compensating for the parasitic element
Method of forming wafer level mold using glass fiber and wafer structure formed by the same
Permitting access of slave device from master device based on process ID's
Information processing apparatus capable of authentication processing with improved user convenience, control program for information processing apparatus, and recording medium having control
System and method for multi-threaded MIMO OFDM channel equalizer
Method of adenoviral vector synthesis
Image processing apparatus, image processing method, and program
Randomly Featured Patents
Method, system, and program for determining a number of device addresses supported by a target device and configuring device addresses used by a source device to communicate with the target de
Stacked-type chip package structure
Faster shift value calculation using modified carry-lookahead adder
Combination pipe and transmission adaptor unit
Device having anti-demolition functions
Method and apparatus for calibrating an image acquisition system
Apparatus and method for hanging tubulars in wells
Fluid valve and actuator for inverted fluid reservoir
Automatic sample changer having planar transport surface
Method of forming amidophosphates in aqueous solutionsOur Follow The Sun series has attracted a lot of attention (and more submissions than we can print, it seems). This was on my desk when I arrived at work Monday. All it said on the attached note was that it features two Jamestown readers in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, on Feb. 23. There was no phone number or any other contact information.
We require identification for the Follow The Sun photos, and since none was provided, this photo isn’t going in the paper. If you recognize the feet and legs in this picture (one is hairy, and one has painted toenails) let us all in on the gag.Name/Title: Hana Yori Dango
Category: JDrama
Added: 2006-07-17 05:46:13
Modified: 2006-07-17 05:46:13
Episodes We Have: 9
Total Episodes: 9
Descriptions:
Tsukushi is a new student at Eitoku Gakuen - an exclusive school attended by rich families' children. Being poor, she is always bullied and sabotaged by her schoolmates. Things become worse when she crosses the path of F4 (a group comprises of the 4 richest guys). And along the way, she makes friend with Rui, a person who has helped her often, and falls in love with him. Shortly after, her head rival, Tsukasa, also reveals that he likes her. This turn-around situation puts Tsukushi in a very difficult position as she doesn't know what to do.
Casts:jou Sakurako
Nishihara Aki as Matsuoka Yu
Tomiura Satoshi as Makino Susumu
Ishino Mako as Makino Chieko
Kaga Mariko as Domyoji Kaede
Matsushima Nanako as Domyoji Tsubaki
Oshinari Shugo as Nakatsuka
Sakai Ayana as Kurimaki Ayano
Rating for this JDrama:
Music: 8
Graphic: 9
Story: 9
Review Average: 9
Download Links:
These Episodes Have English Subtitles.
Hana Yori Dango Episode 1
Size: 699.98 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 2
Size: 698.99 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 3
Size: 699.67 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 4
Size: 698.98 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 5
Size: 700.00 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 6
Size: 700.00 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 7
Size: 700.00 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 8
Size: 699.99 MB
Hana Yori Dango Episode 9
Size: 700.67 MB
Hana Yori Dango OST
Size: 264.36 MB2011 ALA Virtual Town Hall
3:00 pm to 4:30 pm, US/Central.
Questions and comments will be taken in advance via the Connect group at and during the Town Hall by either voice or chat. The i-Linc platform supports participation by voice, but specific system requirements need to be met by participants. Information about system requirements will be provided when registration opens on April 27. Please note that all participants will have access to live chat for the Q&A sessions. I-Linc also supports a polling function that will allow participants to immediately respond to proposals and presentation. The Town Hall will be simultaneously captioned for participants on an open access website. An archive of the event will be available for streaming via the ALA website and Connect group within 2 days after the event.
Download to my calendar
- Log in to post comments
- 4096 views
Library Advocacy and thd 2015 Strategic Plan
I recently perused the new 2015 Strategic Plan. I was delighted to see that advocacy has taken a very prominent position. Many (at least I hope so) will have read my article in the latest issue of American Libraries. It is titled “Library Advocacy: One Message, One Voice.” While it is a story of times past, the lessons Pat Schuman and I learned planning and executing the Rallies are as relevant today as they were 20 years ago.
The fact that advocacy may become an Association-wide priority means to me that future advocacy efforts shouldn’t be limited to presidential initiatives. Roberta has done a remarkable job, but how much more effective could she have been had additional resources been available and members of Council and the Executive Board had been actively involved?
To my mind preservation of our profession must take precedence over almost any other activity. We can make a strong case, but it won’t be easy in today’s political and economic climate. The magnitude of the challenge will require an “alls hands” in which everyone works together.
Assuming that others agree with my sense of urgency, I like to hear what others think and what is being planned. I have already shared some of my ideas with Roberta, Keith, Roberta, and Maureen, but I’m confident as others join into the discussion lots of innovative and creative ideas will emerge.
I’d appreciate an update of what is being planned at this point in time.
Richard (Dick) Dougherty
What a nightmare..
Can't login from my link in Firefox. Instead of running, it's trying to DOWNLOAD something called session.exe ??? what the heck? there should not be any exe file involved in a session like this.
Oh well, hope it was a good meeting,
Michael aka
DrWeb
Michael aka DrWeb | San Diego Public Library / San Diego, CA drweb2@gmail.com
Re: Nightmare..
Finally got in on IE. It's got to be easier to setup a virtual meeting than this.
Why pre-register?
Why have to install new software and add-ins just for this?
And so on...
Use standard technology, standard web conference software, make sure it works with all standard and high-use browsers. What's wrong with this picture? :)
Best,
DrWeb
(grumbling)
Michael aka DrWeb | San Diego Public Library / San Diego, CA drweb2@gmail.com
Can't get into session
I downloaded the plug in earlier today and began trying to enter the ALA Virtual Town Hall 5 minutes before the hour. Each time, after downloading the last item, the connection got hung up and I received the message "Unable to launch the session." I called the iLinc helpdesk and, after a long wait, talked with a very nice technician. We ran through everything, he did some research. My theory that there were over a thousand people on and the system was maxed out was wrong because there were between 400 and 500 attendees. Then he learned that another Mac user was also unable to link in. So we have concluded that there is some problem for Mac users. I tried my best and wish I could have attended!
Pat Wand (disappointed)
Patricia A. Wand
4859 Bayard Blvd., Bethesda, MD 20816
phone 301-229-5609 cell 202-375-8349
patwand@mac.com
ditto nightmare
I tried both firefox and IE and couldn't get in either way. In LLAMA we use GoToWebinar and can host up to 1,000. We have not had a problem like this yet.
RE: [ALA Connect] New comment on 2011 ALA Virtual Town Hall - AL
I had no trouble getting into the VTH meeting via Windows 7 and IE 9.
Same problem, also on a Mac
...and on the Windows side it violates many rules of thumb to allow an unsigned .exe file to run.
[Edited to add:] Kudos to ALA for trying this experiment. I think it went well and would like to see it again. (After addressing these technical problems.)
Re: problems
Thanks for the feedback, everyone. I don't think Mac users should have had problems because they're on Macs, but we'll follow up on that.
The .exe issue is related to the webinar software we use (iLINC), so there isn't much we can do about that. We'll let them know about the concerns, though.
And the number of users shouldn't have been a problem since we weren't near the 1,000 cap. I've heard several reports of folks who couldn't get the software to run, so we'll try to figure out if there's a pattern to a problem we can resolve for next time.
The pre-registration was to make sure the first 1,000 people to sign up could get in. We had a webinar last year where there were more than 1,000 registrants, and it crashed the system, so we were trying to make sure that didn't happen this time.
I hope this helps, but keep the questions and feedback coming.
Thanks,
Jenny
Problems
Yes, we're continuing to look at various web meeting and webinar platforms. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. We'll keep working on improving the current platform and on exploring alternatives. mg
questions after the town hall meeting
Bravo on holding the 1st National ALA web event! There are clever, interesting ways that the scope of future online events can be narrowed to best serve the membership.
There were a couple of things that struck me during the event.
Did I read this correctly? ALA incurred a 13.8% increase in operating expenses this fiscal year according to the BARC report? Wow! Can that be better explained?
And secondly, the most important topic for discussion as voted during the session was emerging and new technologies for libraries. Is it ALA's policy that e-learning will be made available, for a price? It concerns me that we're creating a divide in our community to separate out the "have nots". It concerns me that an ALA conference will begin to look just like an SLA conference where so many activities are available at a cost.
Nancy Faget, Federal Librarian, Careers in Federal Libraries
BARC report
I think you our referring to the slide which compares the upcoming FY12 to the current FY11 budget. To operate the Association, there is projected to be a 6.7% increase in expenses in FY12 vs. FY11--which includes expenses for the payroll & related, outside services, travel & related, meetings & conferences, publication related and operating categories The operating category is increasing by 13.8%. Some of the increase is related to inflation. There is an increase in supplies, postage, telephone, utilities, etc. There is an increase in amoritization and depreciation expense as well, which is making a difference. On the revenue side, there is projected to be a 10.1% increase in revenue in FY 12 v.s FY11 across all the categories except dues, which is expected to decline by 4.6%.
E-learning
Nancy, in the case of fees for e-learning, I think it is likely that ALA will continue generally along its present course: offer a variety of e-learning formats at a range of prices. Some webinars are offered free to participants now. Some webinars and courses are offered for a fee, and those fees will vary based on the extent/length/nature of the course. There are real costs associated with producing courses. At the same time, we recognize the pressures on members. Our strategy then has been to provide a range of choices -- at a range of prices, including zero.
The other point I'd make is that ALA, like other associations (including SLA), provides some services for which it is neither possible nor desirable to charge back the service "cost." So, when someone calls the ALA Office for Intellectual Freedom, for instance, or the ALA Office for Library Advocacy, with a problem, we don't start a meter running. Those are critical services and the cost of supporting such services goes beyond dues.
So, again, we balance. We offer a range of options -- including some e-learning opportunities that are free to members. Let me know if you need more information.
mg
Disappointed - unable to connect
I agree with others who commented that they had problems connecting.
I was disappointed that I was not able to participate due to technical issues. It did not recognize my email address, and I tried both IE and Firefox.
Connecting to the town hall meeting
It took me 40 minutes to join the Meeting. I too use a MAC and even with the assistance of the iLINK support person we couldn't connect. Fortunately I was able to try my wife's PC and eventually I was connected. My guess is that I encountered the same problem that others have cited. This problem should be resolved before the next program.
rmdoughertyWell my Sunday might have just been made folks. Just a little while ago Kid Klimax brought us a freshie EP of 4 tracks for our enjoyment on the later part of this Sunday. Recently a few of us over here have been all about that screwed sexy bass that a few producers have definitely began to hone a sound for. Most recently for Kid Klimax we have seen all sorts of odd tracks trapped out from artists like The Beatles, to Florence & the Machine and System of a Down. Now this EP doesn’t have anything like Chop Suey! remix on it, instead Kid Klimax took a sexier route with this EP and brought us these few sexy bass tracks that are sure to leave the ladies tremblin’.
Kid Klimax on Facebook | Soundcloud
You must log in to post a comment.Send flowers to this funeral
SPRINGFIELD, Va. - Mrs. Rebecca Mitchell entered into rest September 13, 2005 at the residence of her daughter and son-in-law in Springfield. Graveside services will be held on Thursday morning, September 22, 2005 at 11:00 a.m. from the Sunset Memorial Gardens, Graniteville, S.C., with Fr. Charles K. Kawesi, St. Gerard's Catholic Church of Aiken, S.C., officiating. The funeral procession will leave the funeral home at 10:15 a.m. on Thursday, September 22, 2005. Miller's Funeral Home, 136 Kershaw St., SE, Aiken, SC 29801.
The Augusta Chronicle September 22, 2005
The Augusta Chronicle © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | AdvertiseKATRINA MEYER OF Sullivan West safely slides across home plate in the fifth inning of an April game versus John S. Burke Catholic School.
Sullivan West
Fares Well
By Rob Potter
SULLIVAN WEST July 1, 2003:
Overall Record: 8-5
League Record: 6-4 OCIAA Division III
Team Leaders: The Lady Bulldogs top four batters were junior catcher Leslie Bright, senior outfielder Tiffany Hauser, senior shortstop Kim Jay and senior second baseman Katrina Meyer.
Junior Erin Rosenberger was the Lady Bulldogs top pitcher. She posted an 8-5 won-loss record and a 1.9 earned run average. She struck out 94 batters and walked just 13.
Season Highlight: Making sectionals, said co-coach Mike Ellmauer, who guided the team along with co-coach John Meyer.
Another highlight was our win over Goshen before sectionals, added Ellmauer, refering to SWs 18-3 victory in the late-season contest. We played very well in that game. We kind of hit them like a tidal wave and they couldnt recover from it. We did some great things offensively in that game.
Season Lowlight: I dont think we had any really low points, Ellmauer said. Even though it was disappointing to lose to Ellenville in sectionals, we still played pretty well in that game.
Other: The team will lose five seniors to graduation. Those players are Hauser, Jay, Katrina Meyer, Juanita Sikorski and Christina Vidal.
They all made some great contributions for us this season, Ellmauer said. And they all played on the varsity level for three years.
While those seniors will be missed, Ellmauer is optimistic about the 2004 season.
We have a good group of kids coming back, he said. John [Meyer] and I are learning to work together better. And [Coach] Anthony Durkin does a great job with the junior varsity team. Our softball program is in great shape.
Team Awards: Rosenberger was presented with the MVP Award and Bright was presented with the Coaches Choice Award at the recent SW athletic banquet.(1) A landlord shall, upon the execution of a writ of restitution by the sheriff, enter and take possession of any property of the tenant found on the premises. The landlord may store the property in any reasonably secure place, including the premises, and sell or dispose of the property as provided under subsection (3) of this section. The landlord must store the property if the tenant serves a written request to do so on the landlord or the landlord's representative by any of the methods described in RCW 59.18.365 no later than three days after service of the writ. A landlord may elect to store the property without such a request unless the tenant or the tenant's representative objects to the storage of the property. If the tenant or the tenant's representative objects to the storage of the property or the landlord elects not to store the property because the tenant has not served a written request on the landlord to do so, the property shall be deposited upon the nearest public property and may not be stored by the landlord. If the landlord knows that the tenant is a person with a disability as defined in RCW 49.60.040 (as amended by chapter 317, Laws of 2007) and the disability impairs or prevents the tenant or the tenant's representative from making a written request for storage, it must be presumed that the tenant has requested the storage of the property as provided in this section unless the tenant objects in writing. (2) Property of property stored pursuant to this section with a cumulative value of over two hundred fifty dollars, the landlord shall notify the tenant of the pending sale. After thirty days from the date the notice of the sale is mailed or personally delivered to the tenant's last known address, the landlord may sell the property, including personal papers, family pictures, and keepsakes, and dispose of any property not sold. If the property that is being stored has a cumulative value of two hundred fifty dollars or less, then the landlord may sell or dispose of the property in the manner provided in this section, except for personal papers, family pictures, and keepsakes. Prior to the sale or disposal of property stored pursuant to this section with a cumulative value of two hundred fifty dollars or less, the landlord shall notify the tenant of the pending sale or disposal. The notice shall either be mailed to the tenant's last known address the tenant that: (a) Upon execution of the writ, the landlord must store the tenant's property only if the tenant serves a written request on the landlord to do so no later than three days after service of the writ; (b) the notice to the landlord requesting storage may be served by personally delivering or mailing a copy of the request to the landlord at the address identified in, or by facsimile to the facsimile number listed on, the form described under subsection (6) of this section; (c) if the tenant has not made such a written request to the landlord, the landlord may elect to either store the tenant's property or place the tenant's property on the nearest public property unless the tenant objects; (d) if the property is stored, it may not be returned to the tenant unless the tenant pays the actual or reasonable costs of drayage and storage, whichever is less, within thirty days; (e) if the tenant or the tenant's representative objects to storage of the property, it will not be stored but will be placed on the nearest public property; and (f) the landlord may sell or otherwise dispose of the property as provided in subsection (3) of this section if the landlord provides written notice to the tenant first. (6) When serving a tenant with a writ of restitution under subsection (5) of this section, the sheriff shall also serve the tenant with a form provided by the landlord that can be used to request the landlord to store the tenant's property, which must be substantially in the following form:
[2011 c 132 § 17; 2008 c 43 § 1; 1992 c 38 § 8.], nature galaxy s4 cases, natural galaxy s4 cases, wildlife galaxy s4 cases, wild life galaxy s4 cases, highwire galaxy s4 cases, high wire galaxy s4 cases, landscape galaxy s4 cases, desert galaxy s4 cases, desert landscape galaxy s4 cases, rural galaxy s4 cases, rural landscape galaxy s4 cases, nature galaxy cases, natural galaxy cases, wildlife galaxy cases, wild life galaxy cases, highwire galaxy cases, high wire galaxy cases, landscape galaxy cases, desert galaxy cases, desert landscape galaxy cases, rural galaxy cases, rural.RECREATION
Bridge Club of S.I.
Winners of Monday’s games played at the Bridge Club of Staten Island, Castleton Corners, were: North-South, first, Charles La Cerra, Herbert Weinreb; second, Ted Toscher, Barbara Rappaport; third, Marjorie Amoury, Dorothy Savino; fourth, Vincent Ryan, Jack Nikop. East-West, Ann Borowski, Judith Schwartz; second, Rita Curich, Vitus Curich; third, Gerald Pinsler, Fredlyn Edelstein; fourth, Dee Kiefert, Esther Michaels.
Country Club Bridge
Winners of the bridge games played Monday at the Richmond County Country Club, Dongan Hills, were: North-South, first: Maxine Spierer, Anne Pidoriano; second, Joan Bonamo, Sheryll Shaps; third, Elaine Bloomfield, Dennis Bloomfield; fourth, Ronna Lasher, Judith Behrins. East-West, first, Arlene Scollar, Herman Zieger; second, Marie Timpone, Jo LeMole; third, Gloria Palmeri, Ruth Soren; fourth, Rosemary Kaufmann, Carl Tavolacci.
MILITARY
Cpl. Kivlehan Chapter
The Cpl. Allan F. Kivlehan Chapter, Korean War Veterans, met Saturday at the Korean Evangelical Church in Arden Heights. New officers Sal Scarlato, president, and John Ha, second vice commander of the Central Long Island Chapter, were sworn in. Twenty members were to attend a dinner Tuesday in Manhattan, sponsored by the Korean American Friendship Society and commemorating 60 years since the armistice in Korea. The honor guard will present the colors at the Staten Island Health Fair at Midland Beach on Thurs., July 25, and the annual memorial service will be held at noon at the Korean War Veterans monument on Ocean Terrace. A luncheon at the Korean Church on Main Street, Tottenville, will follow. The annual picnic will be held Aug. 31 from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. at Nansen Park, Travis. For more information, call Joseph Bonamo at 718-356-1114. The next meeting will be held Aug. 17 at the headquarters in Arden Heights.Learn how to carve with Mastering Knife Skills by Norman Weinstein, including sample excerpts like Specialty Knives, Cutting Asian Style, and Peeling Onions.
by Norman Weinstein
Click to buy Mastering Knife Skills.
For York-based photographer specializing in food, lifestyle, and travel photography. His work has appeared in the Opera Lover's Cookbook and Endangered Recipes, and he recently completed four books for Williams-Sonoma. Thomas's work also appears regularly in Bon Appetit.
Buy Mastering Knife Skills
All About Knives and CarvingAfter a sunny weekend with record high temperatures, the Birmingham area may end April with showers, according to the National Weather Service.
Tuesday afternoon will be sunny, with a high near 83, but that night there is a 20 percent chance of rain and thunderstorms before 1 a.m.
There is also a 20 percent chance of rain and thunderstorms Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, according to weather service forecasts.
Follow weather developments statewide at al.com/weather.CHICAGO —.”, made it 6-4 when he drove in both runners with a triple to the right-field corner, chasing Wells.
That gave Pierre five RBIs in two games. He also had the tiebreaking two-run single in the 10th inning of the White Sox’s win over Colorado on Thursday and is 10 for 23 over his last five games, raising his average from .248 to .262. Whether that will quiet calls for the White Sox to part ways with Pierre and call up Dayan Viciedo is unclear, but the recent surge has probably strengthene d his manager’s resolve to keep him.
“I wish I had 25 Juan Pierres,” said Ozzie Guillen, who has repeatedly defended Pierre.
Pierre appreciates that, but added, “I hate that he has to answer questions about me.”.
“I’m not going to hang my head too low,” Wells said. “I threw the ball well.”. … Cu b.What jobs dont require a high school diploma?
First off, consider getting your GED. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported that those with a high school diploma earn a minimum of $700 more per month than those without one. That said, jobs you might consider: Hairdresser/cosmetology, bartender, or professional waiter/waitress. Other jobs you might consider are sales, retail, customer service and billing, delivery driving, construction/laboring, some truck driving positions as well as a number of government positions, depending on your state.
Updated on Monday, February 13 2012 at 12:25AM EST
Source: dot.wi.gov/...
Collections: bartender, high school diploma, jobs, army?
Whats the benefits of having a high school diploma?
What is a good online school to obtain a high school diploma?
Does it require high school diploma or ged? ~*..WaLlAcE..*~
How valuable is a high school diploma from Kamehameha Schools?
What's the best and cheapest way to get your high school diploma online?
-Scoop. Colombia’s economy "está en fuego." It’s growing at 6.4 percent compared to the same period last year. Impressive? So much so that it makes it the world’s second fastest growing economy behind China.
Two important pieces of comparative data here: one, the U.S. growth for the same period was a negative 2.9 percent. And two, just a decade ago we knew only two things about Colombia: drug wars and Juan Valdez.
Yes, it’s come a long way baby. And now it’s time for us to do the same. The time has come to recognize Colombia, not paternalistically, but as a real cohort — you know, the way we treat Asian and European trading partners. (Smile).
Can we do that, though? Can we get over perceiving countries south of the border at best as weak, inconsistent and malleable? Or, at worst, as ‘banana republics’?
From the Port of Miami alone, 500,000 tourists now arrive annually to places like Cartagena and Santa Marta. And yes, even Medellin –once known for murder and kidnappings – is now known for education and industry.
- Rick Sanchez
Since leaving CNN, I have dedicated myself to writing here on Fox News Latino, while interviewing and hosting in Spanish and English, both on radio and on television, focusing mainly on Hispanic issues. And I can say that, with the possible exception of immigration reform, there is no subject that collectively bothers Latinos more passionately than the U.S.’s perceived lack of respect for the countries from which they hail.
It is a truly unifying theme. Regardless of origin, time in the U.S., income status, (insert your own demographic profile here), it doesn’t matter. America’s poor perception of Latin America is the ideological place where an undocumented landscaper from Honduras and a rich Ecuadorian investment banker find common ground almost without fail.
That said, let’s talk about Colombia. Recognizing that talk is cheap, let’s do the numbers. Considering that for 20 years, Colombia has been a haven for organized crime and a bust for investors, it’s amazing to see the transformation. Oil, gas and coal exploration are booming, while foreign investment is near 20 billion. Unemployment, meanwhile, is now down to 8 percent from 12 percent in just the past three years.
And while last week I pointed out in this column the economic disadvantages associated with the free trade deals with respect to Latin America’s rural farmers, the U.S./Colombia Free Trade Agreement has benefited Colombia allowing it to import taxpayer subsidized wheat and barley almost exclusively from the U.S.
Colombia also now exports 350 new products from some 2,000 companies that had previously not shipped goods to the U.S.
And with the drug wars all but over, tourism is once again on the rise. From the Port of Miami alone, 500,000 tourists now arrive annually to places like Cartagena and Santa Marta. And yes, even Medellin –once known for murder and kidnappings – is now known for education and industry.
Colombia is a truly remarkable comeback story, one that is not often told, and one that conflicts with our often tired and misguided perception about Latin America.
By the way, economically speaking, Colombia is not alone. In fact, it’s number three. That’s right; Colombia is Latin America’s third largest economy behind Mexico and Brazil —-something for all of us to consider the next time we think about Latin America.
Rick Sanchez is a contributor for Fox News Latino.
Like us on Facebook
You must login to comment.A few weeks ago, at NYU, I was asked to give a short talk in response to a talk by Michael Shellenberger and Ted Nordhaus of the Breakthrough Institute (you may remember that Michael and I had an email debate here on the blog a few weeks ago). You can watch my little talk by clicking below (or.Mets News & Notes
Jenrry Mejia Heading to New York for MRI on Right Elbow
>>IMAGE […] […]
MMO Game Recap: Mets 3, Nationals 1
The […]
Opening Day Game Thread: Mets vs Nationals, 4:05 PM (SNY)
Opening Day 2015 has finally arrived! After an off-season of anticipating the 2015 rotation, wondering what was going to happen with the shortstop, trying to figure out why Fred Wilpon would be named to the head of the MLB Financial Committee, stressing about Wheeler, stressing about the Opening Day starter, stressing about left handed relievers, […] […]
Mets Opening Day Roster and Lineup Challenges
“They told me my services were no longer desired because they wanted to put in a youth program as a way of keeping the club going. I’ll never make the mistake of being seventy again.” ~ Casey Stengel Here is the official Opening Day roster followed by a look at today’s potential lineup. Starting Lineup […]
Sherman: No Love For The Baseball Maverick
Joel Sherman of the New York Post posted a Top 5 list ranking the best managers and baseball executives and I took a look to see what he came up with. Not only did the Baseball Maverick fail to make his top five, but he wasn’t even listed among the five honorable mentions either. I’m […]
Padres Acquire Craig Kimbrel, Melvin Upton Jr. From Braves
The San Diego Padres have acquired closer Craig Kimbrel and outfielder Melvin Upton, Jr. (Formerly B.J. Upton) from the Atlanta Braves in exchange for outfielder’s Cameron Maybin and Carlos Quentin as well as prospects Matt Wisler and Jordan Paroubeck. Kimbrel, 26, leads the majors in saves over the past four seasons with 185. Kimbrel has […]
Lucas Duda and Mets Cease Extension Talks
As expected Lucas Duda and the Mets have agreed to put off talks about a contract extension, according to Adam Rubin of ESPN New York. Both sides had previously agreed on an Opening Day deadline from the onset. “No agreement was reached, so talks have concluded and Lucas will focus on the upcoming season,” agent Dan […]Even with higher feed costs & higher acquisition costs.
CALM is making money. This is a well run company that looks good for the long run.
More opportunity to acquire smaller players at great price as they struggle with feed costs.
Sentiment: Strong Buy
Agree. Most companies faced with higher costs lose money for the quarter.
CALM is a cash cow that pays steady dividends.Welcome to JustAnswer, I'm here to help get your problem resolved. Please feel free to ask follow up questions, it is part of the process.
I'm very sorry you are having so many problems. From your info the rebuild was not done right, besides not plugging things back in, there is no way it could be rebuilt correctly for $1700, that would not cover machine work and parts. So by not doing it right you lost a rod bearing which then caused the rod to fail. That engine is now junk.
I know this is not what you want to hear but you should cut your losses on that trooper. Your only reasonable option if you really want to keep it is to have a good used engine installed.
Let me know what you think and I will answer any more questions if I can.
I knew that would be the answer but wanted it confirmed. What is the best way to get rid of car and get a little something out of it? It was garage kept and except for engine it is in excellent condition both body and interior. Should I list it on craigslist or just call a junk yard to come get it?
Definately do craigs list, you will get more that way. I would start at about $800 and get at least $600. The most likely buyer will be someone who will replace the ngine themselves and therefore make it more economical.
You might consider ebay also if that does'nt work.
The junkyard will only give you about $300, and if it is that nice you can do better.Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM): Closing price $91.11
Exxon is asked by a senior official in Indonesia to replace its country manager, followings delays at one of its major oilfields, a move that worries the firm about government meddling in the sector. Indonesia is driving companies to develop large oil and gas resources more rapidly so as to fuel the wildly expanding domestic demand, but more state interference over natural resources is causing the country to struggle to attract energy investment since becoming a net oil importer in 2004.
Are these stocks a buy or sell? Let us help you decide. Check out our Stock Picker Newsletter now.Please Login or Register an Account
Adjacent Routes<< Twintrin < Meiosis | Fergus Graham's Direct > Topaz >>
Climb the right-hand continuous crack directly, initially up an awkward right-facing corner. The crack is a good intro to the art of hand-jamming being both mild and very protectable.FA. Herbert Hartley 1928
Hmm. I found it neither mild (at the bulge) nor particularly protectable (at the bottom). Harder than Xmas Crack.
Simon Caldwell - 02/Sep/02
Great fun for all.
Keith - 08/Apr/03
harder than xmas crack?!! no way, this is serious walk in the park territory compared with that.
rich - 08/May/03
Great climb, to be honest I thought it very similar in difficulty to xmas crack. I think this route feels like a HS You often see people struggling on the crux overhang, I think this is just too much of an undertaking for a S. Also the start is atleast 4b. So I think all in all HS 4b.
Woker - 02/Jul/04
i think the crux on this one is tough for a s4a. felt hs 4b to me.
leon skeldon - 28/Aug/04
severe 4b covers it, there is 1 hard move off a good ledge with a good runner at your waist, everything else is not too hard, a very good route though
MattG - 08/Sep/04
I also felt that it was harder than Xmas Crack and I did them back to back. Partner (seconding) only managed start with coaching and failed on the bulge which I believe was harder and more like 4b.
tchnorton - 01/Jun/05
Best severe at stanage? Did this for the second time yesterday and thought getting off the ground was the crux, however definately not 4b. Worth three stars.
KeithS - 24/Jul/05
Led this in January, then seconded today. The crux is figuring out how to get over the bulge at half height. If you get it right (like I did today) then it's 4a. It's hard to figure out though and I didn't find it at all obvious first time - making this feel awkward 4b/4c. A must-do-classic all the same.
Mutl3y - 19/Apr/06
This is certainly HS 4b, a good route but the worst on the Trinity wall.
Al Evans - 30/Sep/06
I agree it's harder than Christmas Crack, although I did only second CC, and lead this. Thought this was undergraded! But then I was climbing in the dark with a head torch on and someone else's rack. Still, normally when I've found a route hard and top out, I can look back and go 'ok, it wasn't so bad after all', but this one I reckon it was tough. Harder than 4a anyway.
cider nut - 23/Dec/08
Please Login to your Rockfax account to rate this climb.I'm not much into Valentine's day (Celia and A sum it up pretty well) but this year Amanda made it the bestest with her Valentines swip swap. Girlies from around and about sent homemade cards and little bits and pieces to other girlies and it was lovely. This is the second year Amanda has organised such a thing. I didn't take part last year because I was shy. This year I'm still a little shy but I wasn't missing out again.
My swapee (swaper? swapet? recipient.) was A Girl and this is what I sent her....
a card made from brown recycled kraft card we had left over from the wedding and a piece of lace that has been in my dressing up box since I was very little, an antique hanky whatsit tied up with silk ribbon and a string of hearts cut from a dud photo of some cherry blossoms, a Canadian two dollar note and some Cabbages and Roses striped fabric.
And because it was all getting just a little too sweet....
Coming up: Swaplets, received...
Ok first of all, every part of this is awesome. Second, where on earth did you get a two dollar bill? I haven't seen one of those in years. :)
god everything you touch becomes adorable.
like the midas touch of adorableness but without the whole, you know, bad side effects and moral story about greed.
is it strange that i want to be wrapped in that box of goodies?
@accordiansandlace, Canada! We went on holiday when I was 15, so that would be... 10 years ago
i'm with jamie on this
agreed with jamie. the moral here is huzzah, swaps! - and that you're crafty like ice is cold. lovely things!
i just read marchelle's adorable post about her delight in receiving such treasures.
you totally made her v. day. glad you swappled this year!
that garland of hearts is SO cute! I think I'll make a few.
I really want that antique hanky. It reminds me of the hanky I lost at my wedding. A lady in a cute little gift shop gave it to me when she found out I was getting married and then I lost it. BOO. Funny how I miss a little hanky.
Jesus Mary and Joseph. Cute. Lovely. And a little nasty and irreverent. Perfect.
Yes, it is perfect! And it made me perfectly happy. Thank you so much my dear. I am very lucky to have been your swaplet.
What Jamie said.
xo,
-maria
"dog's bullocks" hahahahhaha. take THAT, hallmark!
Haaaa! Perfect message :)
bollocks and love heart bunting- this makes me deeply happy.
that's it! next year i won't be too shy! lovely beauteous heart-felt things. might make me reconsider vday too?
I can't believe you cut up the $2 bill! Those things are worth more than that now you know... ha, like $3 - $100.
I like our colourful money. I'm about to leave on a trip to New York (Yeah, I stole some of people's suggestions for you) but their money is all the same, and lame.
That is just the most adorable valentine, it looks like a 19th century delicates drawer, but in a good way.
Gorgeous! Love the little bits of lace.The writer of “Zero Dark Thirty” lashed out Sunday at Senate lawmakers, accusing them of a conducting a McCarthy-esque probe of the film that could squelch free speech. The film’s screenwriter and producer, Mark Boal, criticized lawmakers for probing the film about the hunt for . Several lawmakers and terrorism experts say the critically acclaimed [...] Read More »
Jan 27, 2013Understand History, Understand Today.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Hitting upon the Jerrie Sims you are looking for is easy if you turn to PeopleFinders.com. We provide you with a great selection of info for your people search such as age, recent addresses, and phone numbers. For instance, Jerrie Sims was born in [YOB] and is 62 years old. The most recent address for Jerrie Sims is located in Brentwood, TN.
We can refine your search for the exact Jerrie Sims by using any data that we have on hand. Discover the right Jerrie with the help of details such as previous residences and known aliases. View further information on the person such as background checks, criminal profiles, and email addresses on PeopleFinders.com. If this Jerrie is not the individual you are searching for, refer to the list of people with the Sims in Brentwood, TN above. This list could include name, age, location, and relatives.
You can key in extra details into the search fields above to refine the results. A first name, middle name, last name, city, state and/or age can be the missing part that helps you find Jerrie Sims. When you locate the Jerrie Sims you are searching for, you can then discover all the public records data we have on Jerrie Sims using our exclusive and trusted DataTsunami™ logic that makes collecting details about anyone quick and convenient.Allu Arjun
Allu Arjun
Popular Search Terms: allu arjun photos, alluarjun, allu arjun, allu arjun images, allu, allu arjun photo
Please Note: Images may have been watermarked to prevent other sites from hotlinking or scraping.
View: 16466 Comments: 0
Forum Code
HTML Embed Code
Join India Forums for free to comment on this story. Have an account already?
Use Quick Login to comment.JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- A dog found injured with a gunshot wound in Arlington has a new leash on life. A team of vet-techs have fitted him with a wheelchair.
Tammy Scott, one of the vet-techs at the Jacksonville Animal Care Center, was the first to treat the injured dog. She said there was no sign that he'd ever walk again.
She said the gunshot wound caused paralysis in his back legs.
Scott and the other vet-techs said they didn't give up on the dog, which they fittingly named Bullet.
They were able to fit Bullet in a modified wheelchair.
"People look at it and might see it's a lot of costs, but it is so rewarding to see him walk out that door," said Scott.
Scott said there are no suspects in Bullet's shooting.
Bullet is now up for adoption. To apply click here to connect to the Animal Care and Protective Services website.
First Coast NewsOCZ Solid 3 SLD3-25SAT3-480G 480GB Solid State Drive - 2.5 Form Factor, SATA III, Up To 540 MB/s… for $289.99 + free shipping
$329.99 and a rebate of $40 for a final price of $289.99.
There is free shipping if you buy today.
a tier 8 drive, per THG
This specific drive does not appear on Tom's Hardware SSD hierarchy chart. There is a 120GB OCZ Solid drive that is Tier 8, but this drive is much bigger, and would not necessarily be the same level. There are no 480GB drives on the list. This drive is twice the size of any drive on the list.Not sure any comparison is valid.
Look, if you go to Amazon and you find people give it five stars after they RMA' d it because it was DOA, or people are complaining it died after six months, or people say they had to call tech support to get it running, or people say you have to reinstall Windows to upgrade the firmware you have a very easy decision – Don't Buy It!
Compare with SanDisk Extreme 240 GB.
I've read several complaints with OCZ SSD's; however, I've had two and have had zero problems so far. My current is an Agility 3 240gb loaded with Windows 7. I had to take the time to make sure the firmware was upgraded prior to installation, and I took a good bit of time learning how to install a SSD (as far as Windows and BIOS settings). The Agility 3 has been running fine for about six months now with no problems. If a different drive were available at a similar price, I would probably buy the different drive simply because of the amount of negative responses that so many people show towards the OCZ's. Like I said, I've had two so far with no problems and am going to install an Agility 4 on my laptop.
@willyj73: Sample size = 1. Every PC peripheral works on at least one configuration. Basically, a boot drive is a is a special case. You have to move all your settings, all your data, and all your programs are going to be trashed. So you better have the media and the activation codes if they require that. Otherwise you have to download everything. And if you have like Windows 7, you can count on a ton of downloads including service pack one which may or may not go smoothly. My point: a lot of freaking work. (I would never buy a new superfast boot drive and just clone all my old crap onto it.)
Now, if it's DOA, or otherwise doesn't work correctly you have to muck around seeing if there's something in the bios not set right, etc. And then you call up tech support and have to go through a bunch of freaking menus just to sit on hold until some tech comes on to tell you to try new cables, maybe the cables are bad, etc. The number of things that could go wrong are too numerous to list.
Sample size in my case is 3 (still insignificant in the overall scheme of things but 75% of the OCZ SSDs I've purchased) but if I were in the market for an SSD, I'd stay away from OCZ -- any SSD that requires going back for "service" (i.e., you get another, "refurbished" unit), sometimes returned 3 times, well, you get the picture. They're cheap for a reason.
My installs were fresh installs on a new build, so I had to install and activate everything regardless. The laptop is going to take some time. I've installed two OCZ's with zero problems, not one. Working on number three.
7 Comments add a comment
Sort By:$. Prepare to make the Joneses jealous.
Single cup automatic espresso and lungo maker. 19-bar pressure pump. 23.7 oz water tank. Uses NESPRESSO coffee capsules. Auto power-off. Thermoblock heating element. Backlit LED water level detection indicators. Smart alert system indicates when water is low. Steel handle and aluminum side panels. 1-year manufacturer’s warranty. Espresso cup and capsules shown not included.
This product has no reviews yet. Be the first to review this product. Write a reviewQuality homes of distinction.
Nothing has been compromised, from the dramatic architecture to the exquisite detail in the finishing. Every angle shows an imaginative floor plan that represents Hearth Homes’ commitment to excellence.
Specialized in the details.
Vaulted ceilings, high quality floorings, and interesting architectural settings are just a few of the features incorporated in a Hearth built home, providing angles and focal points that change as you explore each level.
Custom home advantages.
Your dream home can be built to your specifications without compromise. Every detail can be your choice, ensuring your personal satisfaction right at move-in-time.ISBN13: 9780313376429
ISBN10: 0313376425 All Product Details
Each chapter is a detailed exploration of the life and legacy of an individual icon. Through these portraits, readers will discover how these icons have shaped, and been shaped by, the dynamism of American culture, as well as the extent to which modern mass media and popular culture have contributed to the rise, and sometimes fall, of these powerful symbols of individual and group excellence.
• Covers athletics, music, dance, politics, business, literature, film, comedy, and the arts
• Examines men and women, institutions, religion, philosophy, and sexuality
• Deploys a variety of disciplinary approaches, including history, sociology, political science, and justice studies
Muhammad Ali, Jay-Z, Toni Morrison, Barack Obama, Rosa Parks, Lena Horne. Each has become an icon recognized as outstanding in his or her chosen field. There are many more like themboth people and institutionsthat have made their mark on American culture. These are their stories.
Biography » General
History and Social Science » African American Studies » General
History and Social Science » Sociology » General
History and Social Science » US History » GeneralGiuk update
Last weekend, I sat down and finally fixed one of Giuk.net‘s glaring problem, the time inconsistencies between blogs. If you’ve been a regular reader on giuk, you would have probably noticed that a lot of the feeds’ timestamp were advanced by a few hours.
And because all of the posts were sorted according to the time that they were published, these feeds with incorrect times were always ahead of the pack for more than half of the day. The culprits were these blogs from blogspot.com (including my joeff.net) – of course the fault does not fall on them – it’s just that the software running behind Giuk didn’t anticipate getting feeds from different timezones, thus no option to alter the time for specific blogs.
Well – how happy are the visitors, for I have fixed them! :D It’s just a matter of adding a few columns to the database and a simple PHP script to alter the individual feeds’ time according to the blogs.
I have implemented the cron job to run the script since Sunday and everything seems to be working pretty well.
Now I need to email all the bloggers about this change (since most of them don’t know mrBadak.com is the place to look for Giuk updates) and ask them to check that the time on their blogs and on Giuk are the same.
I will also be unveiling a new design for the site, to celebrate it’s new PR4 status and one year anniversary. I think I should be working more on that site and monetize the traffic hehehe *devilish grin*. The site also deserves its own blog, at least I don’t have to force users to come here to get any updates.
If you have any ideas/suggestions to improve the site, let me know!
Good to hear that
Great! Been waiting.
ya la..sa pun baru cek PR blog sa..tdak sadar sa sudah PR4 hehe
mrbadak, i dont remember if i’ve suggested this before, but before i forget: put ability for members to manually select & post their entries like petalingstreet.org. That should filter out most of the ppp posts :-)
Wah. This guy is going to be rich la. Must belanja kopi O’
ben – yes you did. i will look into it.
kay – pray 4 it to happen k? i will blanja u kopi plus all the milk.. bukan kopi ‘O’ ja..
bah hire sia jadi part time moderator/care taker and share your loot… hahahhaGlacier Park Weddings
Glacier Park River School
Glacier Park Rafting
Glacier Park Cafe
Twitter
Yelp
Google Map
Trip Advisor
YouTube
1.800.735.7897
Our Cabins
1 Bedroom
2 Bedrooms
3 Bedrooms
Amenities
Rates & Availability
Specials & Packages
Groups
Our Policies
Explore the Area
Glacier National Park
What to do
Where to eat
Staff
Location
Photos & Videos
Testimonials
Job Opportunities
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQS)
How far is your resort from Glacier National Park?
Our resort is located 1 mile from the West Glacier Entrance of Glacier Park.
What is the nearest airport to Glacier National Park?
The nearest airport to GNP is
Glacier Park International Airport
, located in Kalispell.
How long does it take to drive the entire length of the Going-to-the Sun Road?
This depends on how often you stop to visit the points of interests along the way, as well as construction and wildlife delays. Without stopping, the trip usually takes approximately 2 hours.
When will the entire Going-to-the-Sun-Road be open?
Plowing the Going-to-the-Sun Road is a monumental challenge each year. Unpredictable spring snow storms or other weather related events can slow down plowing progress. These unknown factors make predicting the exact opening date of the Going-to-the-Sun Road impossible. The Park's
plowing status page
provides the most up-to-date information on where the plows are working. Some portions of the Going-to-the-Sun Road remain open all year and provide access to many locations and activities. far is it to Logan Pass from Great Northern Resort?
Logan Pass is 32 miles from the west entrance and 18 miles from the east entrance. Great Northern is located 1 mile from the West Entrance.
Are there grocery stores nearby?
Yes. The nearest grocery market is in our town of West Glacier. For a larger selection, there are grocery stores 10 and 15 minutes away that have everything you’ll need.
Do the cabins have dishes and cookware?
Yes. Our cabins come fully stocked with dishes and all the basic cookware you’ll need.
What are the check-in and check-out times for the cabins?
Check-In time is 3:00pm and Check-Out is 11:00am.
Do the cabins have Wi-Fi?
Yes. All the cabins on our resort have free Wi-Fi, as does our Railway Café patio.We need a clean funding bill now. Then we need a debate on the budget unhampered by proxy fights over "Ob.
Congress dodged hard choices with the Budget Control Act of 2011, which led to the slasher of sequestration cuts this year.
The Congressional Budget Office points out the unsustainability of current fiscal policies, but Congress still hasn’t begun serious talks about increasing revenue and achieving long-term reform of entitlements Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid.
Yes, Obamacare is an entitlement. But focusing solely on Obamacare is too narrow and premature. We need a bigger vision and to move forward.
The predicted dire consequences from Obamacare are largely speculative. If the law is the colossal failure the GOP predicts, it can say “I told you so” and pick up the political points for fixing things.
But the consequences of failing to fund the government — and possibly extending the dysfunction to defaulting on America’s debt — are certain, not speculative.
The damage will be real. The economic consulting firm IHS Global Insight puts the cost of the shutdown/slowdown at $12.5 million an hour, according to NBC News.
It is bad for the snail-speed recovery. Business doesn’t like uncertainty, as the opponents of Obamacare like to point out, and it doesn’t get much shakier than full-blown government meltdown.
It weakens Americans’ confidence in their government, fueling apathy and decreasing civic engagement. Thomas Jefferson said democracy needs an “educated and informed electorate,” not self-disenfranchised masses.
It makes the world’s greatest democracy look like a nerd getting hazed by his frat brothers. What kind of country destabilizes its own government?
The right-wing pundits say this is no big deal. They make jokes about the “inconvenient” shutdown of regulatory functions within the Environmental Protection Agency. “Non-essential” aspects of government? A punch line waiting to happen.
Have a big laugh at America’s expense. The rest of the world will.
Or take a hard look. The sore losers who couldn’t derail Obamacare with straightforward moves in Congress, the courts or the ballot box are holding the nation hostage.
It gets worse if the GOP can’t impose some order on the party’s wild bunch.
In a few weeks, Congress needs to raise the debt ceiling. Screw this up in the name of ideological purity and America becomes the deadbeat Dad on the international stage. Kiss the recovery goodbye. Then try to convince the world’s investors to let their money ride on the United States.
Since when has America been a bad bet?
It’s time to put down the tea pot and back away. America deserves better.Let's face it - a blog wouldn't really exist long without it's readers. That's you! I want you all to be part of this love journey with me. I want to hear YOUR thoughts, YOUR opinions, and YOUR stories. I want to know what YOU are all about.
Every month will have a theme. I'll write a post with my opinion and stories on the theme - and then the rest is up to YOU. There will be other posts that I put up throughout the month that has nothing to do with the theme, but at least once a week I would LOVE to have a guest post that corresponds with the theme or topic. Or maybe you want to guest blog about something other than that months topic - that's cool too!
These are what I have so far for 2012. None of these are set in stone and I am open to any suggestions and ideas.
January: Unlikely Inspiration
February: How I See Love
March: Beautiful Friends
April: April Fools
May: The Secret Place
June: Art that Touches My Soul
July: Words to Live By
August: Sharing the Love
September: All God's Creatures
October: Faith to See Beyond What I Can See
November: My Family
December: Light in Darkness
A few things to note if you choose to contribute:
- People of all faiths, beliefs, and backgrounds read this blog- which I love! So thoughts such as: "Oh, I'm not a Christian, or the same denomination as Emily... so I shouldn't post." - NOT TRUE. You all have thoughts, opinions, and stories- and I want to hear them. <3
- Keeping the above in mind - still keep your posts appropriate for ALL audiences, and we all need to respect each other even if we don't agree.
- Length: I do not have a word limit or anything for posts. Just be sure your entry is complete without boring people.
- Style: whatever works for you. Words, pictures, videos, poetry, music, the sky is the limit! Don't feel like you have to stick to a "traditional" blog style.
- I'm not looking for specific things for each topic. Each month I will explain what the topic is - but feel free to interpret it as you choose!
- When writing your post, please include a short bio and links to how we can contact you. (Unless you wish to remain anonymous - that's OK!) Don't have a blog? That's okay! I still want to hear your story.
- Send all posts to my email: lovewokemeupthismorning [at] gmail [dot] com
Share with me your thoughts! They make me smile..
As it stands today, many of the major components in a typical enthusiast class PC have built-in mechanisms for monitoring the health status of the device. Processors and GPUs have internal thermal diodes for monitoring temperatures, and graphics cards and motherboards have sensors for monitoring a myriad of voltages has architected a new open standard the company hopes will be adopted across the industry. ESA, or the Enthusiast System Architecture, as it is known, was designed for real-time monitoring and control of PC power supplies, chassis, and water cooling systems.The ESA standard is built around the USB HID (Human Interface Device) specification and has been submitted to the USB-if HID subcommittee for discussion and approval. ESA is essentially a hardware and software interface that takes data collected by analog sensors and converts it to digital information that can accessed via software. Below are a handful of slides taken from an NVIDIA-produced presentation on ESA.
If you take a look at the slides above, they'll give you an idea as to what NVIDIA is trying to do with ESA. As you'll see, ESA compliant hardware will feature an embedded microcontroller and will connect to a system via a standard USB cable. Currently,.
So, how would ESA compliant hardware affect you? As an example, consider a case. An ESA compliant case could have a number of thermal sensors throughout its interior and their positions throughout the enclosure are.NVIDIA has put together a flash animation that demonstrates the many uses of ESA. Instead of reinventing the wheel and re-explaining everything here, we suggest you take a look at it. We've uploaded it here for your perusal.
The Microcontroller configuration and Software
On the surface, ESA holds a lot of promise. Its implementation, however, is up for some interpretation. NVIDIA has named a number of high-profile partners the company claims are backing the ESA standard, like Asus, Dell, CoolIT, Cooler Master, Gigabyte, MSI, Thermaltake, among others. While these companies may be on-board, how they specifically implement ESA in their products can vary considerably. ESA doesn’t define what aspects of a device need to be monitored or controlled, it defined the interface. So an ESA-compliant power supply from Vendor A may report voltages across all of its rails, core temperature, fan speeds, and ambient temperature, while Vendor B’s may simply report a.
Features
News
Blogs
Images
Mobile Site
Components
Systems
IT/Enterprise
Mobile
Leisure
Videos
About
Advertise
News Tips
Forums
Twitter
Google +
YouTube
Apps
RSS)
Part of the job of cleaning up heavily loaded file systems involves locating and removing files that have not been used recently. You can locate unused files by using the ls or find commands. For more information, see the ls(1) and find(1).
Other ways to conserve disk space include emptying temporary directories such as the directories located in /var/tmp or /var/spool, and deleting core and crash dump files. For more information about crash dump files, refer to Chapter 8, Managing System Crash Information (Tasks), in System Administration Guide: Advanced Administration.
$ ls -t [directory]
Sorts files by latest time stamp first.
Identifies the directory that you want to search.
Example 16-11
For more information, see How to Obtain Administrative Rights in System Administration Guide: 16-12 System Administration Guide: Security Services.
# cd directory
# rm -r *
Example 16-13 Clearing Out Temporary Directories
The following example shows how to clear out the mywork directory, and how to verify that all files and subdirectories were removed.
# cd mywork # ls filea.000 fileb.000 filec.001 # rm -r * # ls #
Roles contain authorizations and privileged commands. For more information about roles, see Initially Configuring RBAC (Task Map) in System Administration Guide: Security Services.
# find . -name core -exec rm {} \;
Example 16-14.
For more information, see How to Obtain Administrative Rights in System Administration Guide: Security Services.
# cd /var/crash/system
where system identifies a system that created the crash dump files.
# rm *
# ls
Example 16-15 Deleting Crash Dump Files
The following example shows how to remove crash dump files from the system venus, and how to verify that the crash dump files were removed.
# cd /var/crash/venus # rm * # lsBy Pratiksha Baxi [Guest Blogger]
[Pratiksha Baxi is no stranger to us, having written her first provocative post recently for us on tabloidization of law. Today, she seeks to initiate another debate on the aberrations of academia in our universities through this guest post.]
The discourse on the right to information has affected university spaces in more than one ways. One of the foremost shifts has been in the realm of everyday discourse within the work space. Minimally, the spectre of a potential RTI application has re-structured the manner in which records are maintained and decisions taken. While the right to information is usually seen as increasing work load, a form of harassment or at best, bad manners, it has not really inaugurated a new culture of accountability. Take the instance of the process of hiring academics in Universities. Despite the growing number of opportunities for University jobs, many talented researchers struggle to make ends meet and fight failing confidence due to repeated injustices. Yet biographies of academic discrimination remain the gist of whispers and gossip. These do not translate into a constructive discussion of how we may make higher education accountable and hospitable.
A lifetime in University spaces in Delhi, across disciplines, amounts to cataloguing histories of humiliations and witnessing angst about the romance with an uncaring academia. Every other department acquires its own history through the years which constitutes its present. The divisions within each department over ideology, standards, schools of thought and personalities leave behind a wake of blameless victims in every other generation of young and then not so young researchers who aspire to teach. Not unlike kinship or caste groups, these departments classify individual academics and future generations of students [who may then aspire to teach] into set lobbies. Norms of sociality observed elsewhere in life are suspended when dealing with these outsiders – such that even everyday courtesies such as a greeting are withdrawn. It is not uncommon for academics to describe how deeply personal such hostilities are. Gossip about the deemed outsider determines the interpretation of merit. We realise again and again that the Curriculum Vitae needs the energy supplement, a real time Facebook.
The recluse or the renegade who resists the system of patronage by enacting a refusal of sycophancy, blind loyalty or obedience is habitually punished. S/he is punished for not belonging to the correct genealogy, for ideological differences, for lack of social capital or even for not being charming enough. Not unlike ragging, the temporal lag wherein inter departmental politics plays out to deny, exclude or humiliate the textual children of hated colleagues is routine in our Universities. Those who speak of principles and academic standards to ask difficult questions often face situations wherein everyday work life is made horrendously difficult.
Why are our professors not disturbed by the wide spread perceptions that they demand a following that must be submissive? Surely this is a poor reputation? Why do we not have a tradition of critique and care that co-exists? Instead, we are culturally disciplined by the values ascribed to the “guru-shishya” parampara, no matter how secular everyone is. This normalising discourse means control over students and aspirants to the profession from using the languages of rights and discrimination as a form of public critique. This disciplinary discourse prevents the spirit behind the people’s movement which wished to create the right to information as a route to accountability from actualisation.
Rather than create a restfully active environment conducive to the life of the mind, we witness severe unhappiness marked by insecurities, envy and politics of the most banal kind in the academia. Surely Universities must be spaces where we learn how to converse – confer – however, very often such spaces, especially staff council or faculty meetings, enact violent or mannerless forms of communication. Why is it that there is no discussion about why does higher education promote the ethic of competition and humiliation rather than care and hospitality?
The problem of sexism in universities is part of a larger culture of valourising patriarchal values of patronage and docility. Feminists cannot succeed in challenging the gross manifestations of gendered discriminations within the academia, unless a foundational cultural challenge is offered to how we wish to be, as academics, at our workplace. Rather than reproduce the canon, we ought to welcome newness, recognise transgression and autonomy as cherished values and promote an ethic of accountability. It is our responsibility to assuage hurt, correct past injustices and find a different voice. For every broken person who is unable write after encountering the inhumanity which abounds in our universities, each one of us is responsible for destruction rather than creation of the life of the mind. Is it not high time we find a different voice?
2 comments:
Thank you, Pratiksha, for this extremely insightful, incisive and, for me, as a victim of all that you talk about, moving post. As someone who began to apply for permanent jobs in 2007 and have been successively humiliated, denied jobs, not even shortlisted or called for interviews for jobs I was/am clearly the most qualified candidate, faced incredible homophobia, kept out by illiterate, prejudiced and corrupt VCs, insecure and ignorant Directors and Heads of Department, offered positions which then never materialised in research centres ( I really could go on), every word of your post was searingly true. Thank you for caring and giving voice to what I have faced and what several less privileged academics than myself must face everyday (on the basis of caste, class, gender, region, sexual orientation) and I hope this opens a public dialogue on the issue.
Ashley Tellis
dear pratiksha-
i *much* like this post for actually opening up questions of social class, intellectual capital, and the social reproduction of entitlement.
[in that context, i must say that one of the more refreshing things about the LASSNET conference in delhi was how little it appeared to reproduce those earlier paradigms of social interaction and engagement]
you seem to attribute/correlate this current crisis of academic culture to passage of the RTI in your post but offer little directly by way of how that is the
case. i am perfectly willing to believe that the RTI--like the newfound visibility of caste atrocity, or any other manner of social violence that becomes materially palpable through various forms of mediation, legal or otherwise--has drawn attention to certain forms of social and intellectual common-sense.
however, the RTI's consequences appear to be more significant for things such as proving a history of, say caste and gender discrimination in hiring, or perhaps evidence of academic bias and/or curtailment of academic freedom. [pace the previous post]
how a set of long-established social practices (in which almost all of us is complicit in some form or another, if for nothing through the entailments of history) is impacted or might be constructively re-aligned via RTI is less clear to me (perhaps because i am less familiar with its uses in everyday contexts of academic sociality)
i think a longer-term sociology of the indian academy and an ethnography of its everyday life (which you very evocatively outline in your post) are
together necessary for linking structural blindness with the intimacy of its experience
thanks for suggesting RTI as a wedge into conversations that might not otherwise be possible.
though i wonder if indeed this is possible, for new forms of visibility also produce accompanying (and perhaps more profound) because unexpected forms of secrecy and lack of accountability.
[i think the 'other baxi' has suggested law as a insurrectionary tool in his more hopeful moments?!]The Coming Spring by Hbruton
A little something inspired by the coming change of seasons. The stag is not any one species but mix of elk, caribou and deer.
15x20 pencil and acrylic on watercolour paper
15x20 pencil and acrylic on watercolour paper
Unless you're in most of the east coast at the moment, then pretty sure that stag is nawing on it. It's interesting to see you give such nuance concepts such as the seasons a personality as such.
Wonderful!
Great! I love the colours, and how you've portrayed the stag's shape mostly through negative shapes and the shape of the patterns.
I am so ready for Spring and warmer weatherAfter).
cast
Bianca Stratford
played by Meaghan Martin
Cameron James
played by Nicholas Braun
Chastity Church
played by Dana Davis
Joey Donner
played by Chris Zylka
Kat Stratford
played by Lindsey Shaw
Patrick Verona
played by Ethan Peck
Walter Stratford
played by Larry MillerWe're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Are you looking to uncover specifics regarding Leonardo Gonzalez in San Marcos, TX? If this is the case, PeopleFinders can help you to access people search details like public records, violations of law records, and marital dissolution records for individuals such as Leonardo Gonzalez. Furthermore, with the vast array of details about individuals who have the last name Gonzalez in San Marcos in our records, you will locate the family member or friend you are seeking easily and quickly.
In trying to simplify the system of following data regarding the Leonardo in TX Leonardo Gonzalez you are hunting for, move over the view details link to the right for further details.
If the search process for Leonardo in San Marcos Leonardo Gonzalez in San Marcos, TX, proceed directly to the details page to discover the huge collection of data we have to offer.For many of you who have been coming around for a while, you may be wondering things like “What happened to all the video game news?” or “Where are my TV episode reviews?” They’ve been absent from the screen of ComicBooked.com for a while – and that’s by intent. We’ve been undergoing a number of changes here at ComicBooked.com and trying out a lot of new things over the last period of time, and now that we are well underway to acting on some of our strategies we wanted to share them with you, our loyal readers.
Firstly, I’ll address the questions I mentioned above, one at a time.
The video games section of ComicBooked.com has now separated! Not because they don’t like us or because we kicked them out because they were taking up valuable space on the couch which would be better suited to stacks of comic books to read… No, we did it because they had a lot of energy and passion for video games and sometimes their content got lost within the confines of a single site. As such, they’ve got their own piece of the web now over at VideoGameRebellion.com! There’s tons of content going up over there including content on the new mobile version of Final Fantasy as well as what’s going on with XBox One. If you want news on video games, check out our sibling site there and let them know what else you’d like to see! You can also reach them on both Facebook and Twitter as well, so please give them a look!
Along with seeing our video game brethren move to their own environment, we’ve also seen the TV and movies section of this site be given the opportunity to provide more of a focus on their content. No more will you find reviews of Game of Thrones, Arrow and The Walking Dead here (although we’re all still fans of those shows) – no, to find that content you’ll need to head over to ScreenRebellion.com! There’s a lot of great stuff on TV and in the theaters these days and, again, we didn’t want all of that news and excitement to get lost in the shuffle. It’s all good and important stuff and so we wanted that information to stand out on its own two feet and to allow you to get that content more easily! They’re also quite active on their own Facebook and Twitter pages, so give them a shout as well and join in on the conversation!
Now, why did we do the separation? As I said, both teams are passionate and have a lot of information to relay, and we would find at times that certain pieces of news or reviews would get lost in the shuffle with all 3 topics mixed into one site. We also all had visions for each of the divisions and those growth points didn’t always flesh out evenly with all of the subjects so, like all siblings, we fought and fought and fought and then we all got too tired to fight anymore and the subject of giving us each our own bucket of Lego to play with and grow how we want to for our respective teams became the best solution out there!
What you may notice, though, is that we’re all still together as a family of sites. ScreenRebellion.com, VideoGameRebellion.com and ComicBooked.com are all part of the same parent organization, Comic Booked LLC. Although the siblings to the site you are on now are still (relatively) new, we’re all equals. And you’ll notice that many of the contributors to one site also contribute to the other sites! We all work together to deliver some amazing content to you all, but this way we can each keep our own Lego to ourselves but share and trade some back and forth when it makes sense!
But wait – we used to have Magic: The Gathering on the site, too! What happened there? Well, many of you know that ComicBooked.com is not only a place for your comic news and reviews, but it’s also a physical location in Virginia Beach! Along with being your typical comic book store, Kaboom is also headquarters for the premiere Magic: The Gathering shop in the area! And although you don’t see the content much on ComicBooked.com anymore, you can actually still see what’s going on in that arena at KaboomMTG.com! They have regular MTG tournaments, a great selection and staff, and will soon have the news as to what’s going on within the MTG realm.
So with all of those changes, what is left here? Well, we’re still your resource on comics. Our writers tell it like it is – be it good or bad. We all hate to write bad reviews, but needs must. We are here to share our thoughts with you, our readers, and that’s what we do. Sometimes we get it right, and other times we get it wrong. But we always share what is on our minds as we read the books. We’ve slowed down a little with the changeover as we still work through a few things, but we’re building up our momentum again. We have lots of ideas we are fleshing out and lots of excitement within our team, and a future note I’ll be posting will share some of those ideas soon! Along with comics, though, we have a number of recent articles on Cosplay including how to get started and build your own costumes. As well, even though it hasn’t gotten its own site, we have our own production studio delivering amazing web series such as the Crimson Blur and a fan-based series that the team there is putting up based on the recently cancelled Young Justice series – you should really check it out!
OK, so that’s what we have been up to over the last few months. We’ve been making the changes silently, but now we’ve got the momentum going and we wanted to shout it from the mountaintops! We have tons of ideas of where we can go with the site(s) next and we’d love to hear your feedback! Let us know your thoughts below, comment on each of our social media pages, and let us know your thoughts on where you’d like to see it go! I know we’ve had a lot of interest from some independent books reach out to us recently and I’m a tad behind on getting back to them… but that’s now moving up on my plate and you can expect to see much more arrive in that arena soon!
We’re all excited here about the changes we’ve done so far, and we’re just as excited over what’s gonna come next! We hope you’ll stick around and see what else we’ll be doing in the months to come!
Awesome!!
Sweet!Reddit alerts us to something called a Frozen Hoagie truck in Boston.
It's great that Boston is using "hoagie" rather than the "sub" or the "grinder" or whatever else. But unless it's on a long roll, preferably seeded, you just can't call it a hoagie. In fact, if you're making ice cream sandwiches, I think you gotta go with "Frozen Bulkie Roll Sandwich." We expect to see a new truck by the end of the week, thanks. Because you know what this is really about? Philly's the only city in the country that actually says "Hoagie" (and pronounces it "Heaugie"). And we'd like to keep it that way.While we were sorting some papers we found $3$ strange sheets which seemed to come from small books. They had once been used for wrapping and one side was very faded. The other side was in a language we did not know, but there were page numbers at the foot of each page.
Did the pages come from the same book, we wondered, and what numbers had been on the other sides of the sheets?
I decided to make a little book to see how the numbers worked. It had $4$ sheets which I folded to make $16$ pages. There was no need to staple it.
Then I made other little books, with both more and fewer pages. I made a table of my results and soon I knew how the numbering worked and could answer my own questions.
What answers do you think I got?
Later we found another sheet. The numbering on this was a bit different. Can you work out why?Jan 15, 2013
10 reasons for caution as Sensex breaches 20k
The Sensex and the Nifty are going to attempt new peaks, but investors can hope for a good ride in the next two months, but not after that #ToWhatEffect #CrystalBall #Market trends #Sensex 20000 #Nifty 6000
May 17, 2012
Will Greece crisis throw global markets into more chaos?
The main cause for investor worry was that Greece would pull out of the group of countries that use the euro, and that that would throw the global markets into chaos. #United States dollar #MarketWatch #Market trend #global markets
Apr 15, 2012
Nifty downtrend to continue
The index is groping for direction and the price action during the week gone by does not negate the bearish view. #Business/Finance #MarketWatch #Market trend
Mar 05, 2012
Market rally volatile but bulls remain undisturbed
The short-term bullish view would not be under threat until the index holds above 5,200. A breach of the major support at 5,000 would cast a shadow in the medium-term bullish view. #nifty #ChartView #Short selling #Market trend
Mar 05, 2012
'Not elections, but oil prices is game changer for markets'
The market direction is not going to be determined by the Budget or the UP elections, say experts. So forget about a pre-budget rally any time soon. #Inflation #ExpertView #Market trend #Ramesh Damani #Rally
Dec 20, 2011Catholic Encyclopedia (1913)/Thomas Wingham
Born in London, 5 January, 1846; died there, 24 March, 1893. He studied music at Wylde's London Academy, and later entered the Royal Academy of Music, where he had for his teacher in theory William Sterndale Bennett, and, in piano playing, Harold Thomas. In 1817 Wingham became himself professor of piano playing in the same institution. At about the same period he obtained the post of choirmaster at the Brompton Oratory. Wingham's sound musicianship and ability were soon proved by the artistic excellence for which the performances at the Oratory became known during his incumbency. He was the artistic pioneer who prepared the way for the musico-liturgical conditions which have since followed. Among his compositions are four symphonies, six overtures, several instrumental works in smaller form, two masses, and a "Te Deum", most of which, though frequently performed during the author's lifetime, have remained in manuscript.
JOSEPH OTTENThe juries are starting to come back with results of the latest NBA trend--coaches also running the personnel side. And the verdicts are not good.
Especially in Philadelphia, where coach/General Manager John Lucas got to keep his job when former Celtics coach Chris Ford wouldn't opt for a short-term deal. Lucas was told earlier in the week by owner Harold Katz he was fired pending Katz finding a cheap replacement.Difference between revisions of "1997-12-19 Ronald Wright w rtd 6 Adrian Dodson, London Arena, Millwall, London, England - WBO"
Latest revision as of 01:31, 11 June 2013
1997-12-19 Ronald Wright w rtd 6 Adrian Dodson, London Arena, Millwall, London, England - WBO. Referee: Lou Moret. Making his third appearance in succession in a British ring, the champion gave yet another superlative display when dismantling a fellow southpaw in Dodson (153) to retain his title. Dodson was seen as a dangerous opponent, but Wright (153¾) handled him with ease while displaying his trademark fast jab and solid left crosses to head and body, backed up by sound defensive work and movement. Cut over the left eye in the fifth, having taken a breather Wright quickly got down to business in the sixth, beginning to work Dodson over, but despite the latter going back to his corner with his left eye closed it still came as a surprise when he quit at the end of the session.HAPPY MARATHON WEEK!!!
The countdown is ON! T-minus 6 days until it’s marathon time!
(p.s. How cute is the “Finish Swine”?! Can’t wait to cross it!)
We’re not leaving for Cincinnati until Friday morning, but the anticipation is already building. Eeekkkk…. so exciting! This is the time where the training is all behind us and we can focus on other details – like what to wear, where to eat, what to see and do, etc. – you know, the fun stuff. 😉
Fun news! I was selected as a member of the Flying Pig Social Media Team (see my blurb on applying for the team here)! This means that I’ll have some fun-behind-the-scenes access during the race – like the possibility of interviewing FPM officials and champions, as well as media credentials for the expo, finish line, etc. – and I’ll be tweeting live through the weekend on all things #FlyingPig, so be sure to follow me at @mealsandmiles for the latest updates. I think this is a really fun program that Flying PIg is putting out there and I can’t wait to be a part of it!
Live tracking is also now available, so if you’re impatient (like I am!) for race results, be sure to sign up here to track me live on race day. (full name: Meghann Anderson) No pressure. Really.
I’m a little behind on the Tone It Up Bikini Series Challenge, which means I somehow managed to put off Thursday’s workout until today. No worries. I set out for the HIIT IT: Size Shrinker workout, thinking I could just do the 90 second intervals around the block with Maddie.
Lesson learned: Maddie and intervals do not mix. She seems to only have one speed and when she’s not running, all she wants to do is sniff out the neighborhood. Instead of walking during the slower intervals, I tried to keep it to an easy jog to prevent Maddie from stopping to “smell the roses” but she didn’t quite understand what a jogging pace is (full speed. all the way). I pretty much gave up on the intervals half way through and just finished the 3 mile run with Maddie at her pace. She’s the boss.
We returned home and Maddie proceeded to destroy one of her toys (RIP Pink Llama), while I did the Self 8 Toning Moves.
Breakfast this morning was a simple bowl of cereal.
In the bowl:
- 1/2 cup Wheat Chex
- 1/2 cup Multi-grain Peanut Butter Cheerios
- Vanilla Chobani
- Strawberries
- Walnuts
The walnut addiction is back in full force. 😉
Have a great Monday everyone!
{ 25 comments… read them below or add one }
Love that finish line! And congrats on being part of the social media team!!
Kristy @ KristyRuns recently posted..Togetherness
LOVE Self’s “8 Easy Toning Moves” workout – I just did it for the first time yesterday and am already addicted!
Cait’s Plate recently posted..HIIT the Gym
eek! I’m getting excited!
Awesome for you for being a part of the social media team!
See you this weekend!
Did you apply to be on it?! You should have!
Noo, I kinda wish I had! Then I realized I didn’t have many FB friends or Twitter followers. You’ll be a perfect representative though, You’re everything and anything social media!
So excited to follow your Flying Pig experience – I’m all signed up to track you and I will be cheering you on from VA
Krissy @ Shiawase Life recently posted..Brews, berries and…baby ponies!
You MUST go to Nada. Amazing, upscale, Mexican food. Or the Moeriein Lagar House. Both are downtown! Also, if you want any of the nitty-gritty details on the course, let me know and I can shoot you an email. I live in Cincy and run parts of the course everyday!
Thanks for the food recs! I would love any tips on the course you may have, I’m a little scurred at the moment of the hills!
I am a Cincy girl too and totally agree with Nada and Moerlein! I would check out OTR too! Try A Tavola for yummy pizza or Senate for crazy hot dogs.
Signed up to track you. Go Meghann Go!
Carolina @ Peas in a Blog recently posted..Great American Pie Festival.
Now that Tina’s Bootcamp is over, I’m going to have to take a look at these workouts!
Katie @ Peace Love & Oats recently posted..CARA Lakefront 10 Miler Recap
Yay yay yay!! So excited for you this weekend! Relax this week and rest up to kill Flying Pig!
Mary @ food and fun on the run recently posted..St. Jude Country Music Marathon Recap
So exciting, enjoy taper week
Lindsay @ Running the Windy City recently posted..Getting My Paper On
Wow the marathon is coming up so quickly – good luck!!!
Carrie recently posted..May Goals
Haha love that finish line! Yay marathon week, you’re going to rock it!
Caitlin @ This Bride’s Joyride recently posted..The 5k letdown
Love the “Finish Swine” idea…very cute!! Good luck on your race and those strawberries and walnuts are making me hungry. I am going to have to try that recipe since it looks so good!!
How exciting! Good luck!! I ran my first marathon this weekend and am so tempted to fun the Pig half-marathon! Running is addictive!
Savannah recently posted..I am a MARATHONER!
Congrats on your first marathon!!! And, YES, running is addictive.
I’m so excited for you! A great old friend of mine is running this weekend, too (he wrote a guest post about it on my running blog), and I can’t wait to hear how everybody does.
Wish I could be out there with you, and go gettem!!
Thanks! I’m going to check his post out!
EEEIIII! Its time! I am SO ready for this marathon.
And hooray for being one of the social media crew! Looking forward to all of the info from your twitter.
Oh – my team and I are meeting downtown for a quick one mile shakeout on Saturday morning and then headed to the expo, if you want a one mile shakeout…
Emily N recently posted..Marathon Training: Week 17 in Review
Would love to, but we’re planning on hitting up the expo on Friday and I’m not sure what our plans are for Saturday quite yet.
gotta love the final count down week… Good luck! Sounds like a fun run.
Part Time House Wife recently posted..Baked Low-Fat Crab Rangoon
Thank you so much for the recipes and good luck on the marathon… I am hoping to beef up my workout routines and try a marathon in the fall.. love all your tips!
I’m doing the Flying Pig Half Marathon a second time around! Good luck on the full, I hear it’s just as amazing as the half![ UPDATE – NFL ‘Real’ Refs Return Tonight For Thursday Night Football [VIDEO] By Gailen Sprague September 27, 2012 The NFL and the referees' union have reached a tentative contract agreement. Read More Category: Events, Fun, Information, Sports Tags: lock out over, NFL, referees Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Who was the last president to serve without any living ex-presidents? Who lived to see the most subsequent presidents? Who saw the most presidents die while in office?
The unveiling of the George W. Bush Presidential Library in Dallas on Thursday gave a rare opportunity for the gathering of all five living U.S. Presidents, along with all five living First Ladies.
In honor of that occasion Smart Politics presents the following presidential trivia...
That's a lot of pensions
The largest number of living U.S. Presidents at any one time has been six - occurring three times in our nation's history:
· 1861-1862: With Martin Van Buren, John Tyler, Millard Fillmore, Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, and Abraham Lincoln. (Van Buren and Tyler both died in 1862).
· 1993-1994: Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton. (Nixon died in 1994).
· 2001-2004: Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush. (Reagan died in 2004 and then Ford in 2006).
Lonely at the top
Richard Nixon was the last president to serve without any other living ex-presidents.
Nixon began his first term in 1969 with three still alive, but Dwight Eisenhower died shortly in his first term (March 28, 1969), Harry Truman died near the end of his first term (December 26, 1972), and Lyndon Johnson died shortly after his second inauguration (January 22, 1973).
Nixon is one of five presidents to serve at least part of their terms without any living presidents.
Other than George Washington, that list includes John Adams (with Washington dying halfway into his term), Teddy Roosevelt (with Grover Cleveland dying at the end of his second term), and Herbert Hoover (with William Taft dying in 1930 and Calvin Coolidge dying in January 1933).
Dying on their watch
Nixon and Ulysses S. Grant are the only two presidents to see three ex-presidents die during their tenure.
During Grant's eight years in office Franklin Pierce (October 8, 1869), Millard Fillmore (March 8, 1874), and Andrew Johnson (July 31, 1875) all passed away.
Another seven presidents were in office while two of their predecessors died: John Quincy Adams (John Adams, Thomas Jefferson), Andrew Jackson (James Madison, James Monroe), James Polk (John Quincy Adams, Andrew Jackson), Abraham Lincoln (Martin Van Buren, John Tyler), Grover Cleveland (Ulysses Grant, Chester Arthur), Herbert Hoover (William Taft, Calvin Coolidge), and George W. Bush (Ronald Reagan, Gerald Ford).
You're no Zachary Taylor...
The ex-president who saw the largest number of presidents sworn into office was Martin Van Buren with eight.
Van Buren lived more than 21 years after his one term in the White House.
During that span William H. Harrison, John Tyler, James Polk, Zachary Taylor, Millard Fillmore, Franklin Pierce, James Buchanan, and Abraham Lincoln all became president.
John Tyler's post-presidency life overlapped with six presidents (Polk, Taylor, Fillmore, Pierce, Buchanan, and Lincoln) before his death on January 18, 1862.
Follow Smart Politics on Twitter.U.S. ambassador: Withdrawing too soon could create pre-9/11 conditions in Afghanistan
posted at 7:53 pm on March 12, 2012 by Allahpundit
The staying there is clearly making things friendlier towards Americans.
MadisonConservative on March 12, 2012 at 7:58 PM
Can we at least steer the SMOD to that part of the world?
Steve Eggleston on March 12, 2012 at 7:58 PM
If AQ regrouped & would become threatening somewhere down the line, we could go in quickly & thump them out of business, just like we did a decade ago.
Our destruction of AQ in Afghanistan was brilliant. Our Afghanistan policy since then has been awful.
itsnotaboutme on March 12, 2012 at 7:59 PM
Even worse than this was Shep’s fawning over Crocker during the 3PM hour. He talked about him as if he was a soldier fighting, saying how we all owe him for his work and sacrifice. I’ve never heard Shep talk like this about anyone in Bush’s admin or any soldier.
Rbastid on March 12, 2012 at 8:00 PM
This is the result when “Victory” is no longer the goal…
Seven Percent Solution on March 12, 2012 at 8:00 PM
not buying it. they show no sign of wanting to advance beyond the 7th century. that place will be the same hellhole after we leave as from when we got there, the biggest difference will only be in this country where we will be BROKE
DBear on March 12, 2012 at 8:00 PM
Obama’s signature on Afghanistan is always doing too little too late. If that’s how we continue, then we might as well just go home.
RBMN on March 12, 2012 at 8:01 PM
Dear Ambassador,
We. Cannot. Occupy. Afghanistan. Forever.
Sincerely,
Every US citizen with more brains than a cucumber.
MelonCollie on March 12, 2012 at 8:02 PM
Let them do it.
and let the UN handle it.
(baaahahahaha)
bridgetown on March 12, 2012 at 8:02 PM
He can join the military and go fight. Time to end this useless Bush war
liberal4life on March 12, 2012 at 8:04 PM
I think you’re right, the goal of building ‘friendship’ through counter-insurgency is a failed strategy and waste of US resources. It’s also time to drop the idea of building a Jeffersonian democracy in such a backward country.
The US should get back into the business of killing the Taliban and terrorists. Nothing more.
bayam on March 12, 2012 at 8:04 PM
What about all the other pre 9/11 countries, Al Qeada is presently operating out of? What makes Afghanistan different from Libya, Yemen, Somalia, Pakistan…etc?
Someone needs to tell Crocker the American people aren’t falling for this load of crock anymore.
Dr Evil on March 12, 2012 at 8:04 PM
And he can have that thredjacking NeoCon spambot Dr.Tesla as his squadmate!
MelonCollie on March 12, 2012 at 8:06 PM
Well, what’s he supposed to say? If you ask government officials about any problem, they’re going to say one of two things:
1. We’ve almost got it solved, we need more time and money
2. We’re no where near to getting it solved, we need more time and money
We can’t really take their word for it.
Enrique on March 12, 2012 at 8:09 PM
He can join the military and go fight. Time to end this useless Bush war
libscum4life on March 12, 2012 at 8:04 PM
Sonosam on March 12, 2012 at 8:09 PM
These people are not even willing to accept the lifestyle of the 19th century let alone the 21st century. The are still stuck in the 10 century. Nothing will change that. Wasting the lives of young Americans is not the right way to go
liberal4life on March 12, 2012 at 8:11 PM
I disagree.
They may want to retain their 7th century sensibilities, but they very much would like to advance into the 21st century as far as weapons go.
Thats the problem.
Mimzey on March 12, 2012 at 8:12 PM
Make him OWN this.
WisCon on March 12, 2012 at 8:12 PM
Funny. How’s your guy Obama’s Afghan surge workin for ya?
Roymunson on March 12, 2012 at 8:13 PM
all that matters to him is keeping the defense contractors who lobby our politicians and practically run our military-industrial complex happy by ordering new ammo and bombs.
as with everything in this country, follow the $$$$$$
DBear on March 12, 2012 at 8:14 PM
Osama is dead. The war is no longer worth fighting
liberal4life on March 12, 2012 at 8:14 PM
What would you have done after 9/11, if not go into Afghanistan? I`m not being a jerk, just curious.
ThePrez on March 12, 2012 at 8:14 PM
The Afghanistyville Horror
“For God’s sake, get out!”
EddieC on March 12, 2012 at 8:16 PM
Afghanistan is Obama’s War.
Obama’s War Frontline PBS
Make sure to watch the video, and find out the origin of poppy cultivation in Afghanistan. Hint: American engineers back in the 1970s decided to build a dam to make farming easier for Afghan farmers. The rest is history.
Dr Evil on March 12, 2012 at 8:16 PM
What does Al Gore selling carbon credits have to do with this? Afghanistan = AGW?
malclave on March 12, 2012 at 8:18 PM
…you didn’t read it did you Dumb Dumb?
It’s not that what AP is writing about is so much ‘over your head’ when you want to comment…it’s just that if it doesn’t fit in a diaper…you can’t understand what’s being said, huh?
KOOLAID2 on March 12, 2012 at 8:18 PM
*facepalm* This, on top of comparing their leaders to the Founding Fathers. Good grief. We really did make a problem for ourselves.
MelonCollie on March 12, 2012 at 8:19 PM
…keep drooling!
KOOLAID2 on March 12, 2012 at 8:20 PM
Apologize?
Mimzey on March 12, 2012 at 8:20 PM
Yes, time to admit that arabs are not ready for democracy. Maybe something in the genes. A benevolent military dictatorship seems to be what they need.
slickwillie2001 on March 12, 2012 at 8:21 PM
If I remember correctly Afghanistan is the real war, and now your side owns it.
DFCtomm on March 12, 2012 at 8:21 PM
….you should teach history!
KOOLAID2 on March 12, 2012 at 8:22 PM
Then get out in 24 hours. Don’t f’in wait.
reddevil on March 12, 2012 at 8:25 PM
This is worth the read.
The Lost History Of Helmand Afghanistan
In 1972 parliament was suspended and a year later the Prime Minister Daoud joined with the army to mount a coup that got rid of the King. It was the beginning of the chaos that would lead the country into anarchy and disaster. And the end of the dreams of the Helmand Valley Project. The Americans began to leave, abandoning a vast infrastructure that started to decay.
But during the Soviet war both sides found a use for the remains of the project. The giant reservoir was used to dump bodies tortured and killed by the Khalq communists. While the Mujahedin used the water chanels for cover when fighting the Russians
And the new soil was very suitable for a new crop – the opium poppy. It grows well in dry climates and in alkaline and saline soils, and poppy-growing increased massively in Helmand in the 1980s. And with it the heroin trade.
Then in 1994 the Taliban movement began in Helmand province as an alliance of Pashtun clans
While in power the Taliban government finished a central part of the Helmand valley project that the Americans had left unfinished in the 1970s. It was a hydroelectric plant that would use Kajaki dam to bring electricity to the city of Kandahar. The Taliban finally finished it in early 2001.
Then later that year American B52s bombed the plant. Here is the BBC news report of the American attack on the dam in November 2001.
Dr Evil on March 12, 2012 at 8:26 PM
on our way out reduce them to the 7th century infrastructure
newrouter on March 12, 2012 at 8:28 PM
They lied. Besides, the liberals’ real war is against their class enemies, namely us.
Steve Eggleston on March 12, 2012 at 8:28 PM
Once again, the response from liberal4life is……. crickets
Bitter Clinger on March 12, 2012 at 8:29 PM
THIS! They wanna act like Stone Age barbarians? By golly they can live like it!
MelonCollie on March 12, 2012 at 8:29 PM
Let bomb from afar from now on.
Drones, cruise missiles, et al.
You can’t “help” those who believe in the Koran.
profitsbeard on March 12, 2012 at 8:32 PM
I never thought I’d get to this point, but I’ve had about enough of Afghanistan. There doesn’t appear to be any realistically achievable goals left, so why are we still spending blood and treasure there? Afghanistan isn’t going to become a stable country, let alone even resembling a democracy. We aren’t going to be able to take out the Taliban given the current ROE. They will bide their time, while trading potshots with us till our pullout in 2014. Well if we can’t do even one of these then why are wait until 2014? Either target the Taliban mercilessly, even if we have to ignore the fradulent Karzai regime, or get the heck out.
JohnAGJ on March 12, 2012 at 8:33 PM
It’s a war that Obama has been running for years. How about Libya? How about Somalia? How about Yemen? Are you even willing to acknowledge that Obama has started more wars than Bush, or any other president?
MadisonConservative on March 12, 2012 at 8:33 PM
I did blog about “the unintended consequences of problem solving” after I watched the PBS Frontline video Obama’s War. Problem solving is an American thing it’s what we do we innovate.
Over and Over Again Nature Points Out The Folly Of Man.
I mentioned in another blog thread a couple of days ago about Mark Steyn stating that when we pull out of Afghanistan, it will be like we were never there. That’s simply isn’t true. We have built a highway system in Afghanistan. The Chinese are using it to export the copper they are excavating. I have no doubt that the poppy cultivators will also use the highway system we created. The purpose was to link the different Afghan provinces together for their national security.
Dr Evil on March 12, 2012 at 8:38 PM
I agreed with and fully supported Bush’s decision to invade Afghanistan after 9/11. I don’t see what else we could have done after being attacked. I’m not sure at what point it should have happened, but when it became clear that we were getting nowhere with the Karzai regime we should have ignored it and Pakistan in order to quash the Taliban and then leave the folks there (or heck, the UN – hahahaha) to clean up. We can’t force people to remake themselves and rebuild their country if they’re unwilling to. If they want to live like savages as long as they don’t attack us anymore than so be it.
JohnAGJ on March 12, 2012 at 8:39 PM
Typical of libsquirrel4life….. throw out the obligatory Bush war reference than never come back and debate it further.
Bitter Clinger on March 12, 2012 at 8:42 PM
Many of us old cold warriors thought going beyond trashing the Taliban and killing Osama was stupid. The AFG has been a mess since Alexander the Great. The difference we will have made is the same as you will see when you pull your arm of a bucket of water.
The problem with the AFG is in Islamabad, and the problem will not be solved until that problem of the PAKs is solved.
With both Iraq and Tashcanistan we should have simply gone in, trashed the place and handed the key to someone else with the warning, “don’t make us come back again.” For those of us that held that from the beginning we got the pathetic little Frummer boy’s puerile attempt to read us out of the party.
I wanted to be wrong, alas, and I have hated being proven right by events.
Quartermaster on March 12, 2012 at 8:46 PM
Even if proper strategies – and the necessary actions taken to ensure their success- were to be put in place now, it’s too late, and time to go. Too much damage for too long. We will have wasted much blood and treasure in vain; wasting more at this point would be pointless.
Leave , but with this warning. Should you again allow your country to be a springboard for our enemies to use to harm us, we will return. But only to deal with and destroy such a threat. No considerations will be given to your ‘sensibilities’, or to your hearts and minds. We will act violently with nothing more than our own national interests considered, and you will truly reap what you sow. And Mr. Karzai, you are on your own. The over/under on how long you have to live has already started.
Unfortunately, when that time comes, I doubt any of the above will even be considered.
mc4ever59 on March 12, 2012 at 8:47 PM
First of all we have an all volunteer Armed Forces, and second of all, most of our military serving there specifically ask to be sent there.
Del Dolemonte on March 12, 2012 at 9:09 PM
karzai was our middleman back when we giving Afghani Mujahadeen Stinger missiles with which to shoot down Soviet helicopters. He became ‘our guy’ to prop up in Afghanistan because he already had the connections and we already had him in our rolodexes. He never was strong enough to be our ‘strong man’. Then Obama got elected and ‘American Strength’ in the eyes of the Afghanis evaoprated. The countdown to pullout started and it’s been a lost cause ever since. Probably always.
We let amateurs and ideological morons within our own Federal bureaucracies squander billions and accomplish nothing with their supine behaviours. All to bring us to such a ridiculously weakened position that a single incident like this can undermine a decade’s work and the price of thousands of American lives. We should be nationally ashamed for our ineptitude. For our lack of oversight and professionalism in the bureaucratic conduct of our ill-shaped foreign policy. Goal-less, self-negating, SELF-BLAMING, while the best of America bleeds and dies for it. AND pays for it.
Our State Dept needs a purge. An outright decimation. The failed situation in Afghanistan is THEIR fault and that of the Obama Administration, for it’s lack of teticular fortitude and unerring support for this nation’s enemies and weak sisters.
rayra on March 12, 2012 at 9:24 PM
if we’re not there kicking taliban a$$es and kicking them hard, we should GTFO already
maineconservative on March 12, 2012 at 9:38 PM
So very, very true.
cynccook on March 12, 2012 at 9:47 PM
The only responsible, non-anti-American thing to do is get out of that crap hole right now. Only those who hate the troops want to stay a minute longer.
VorDaj on March 12, 2012 at 9:54 PM
The so called “counterinsurgency strategy”, aka Operation Enduring Insanity, fell apart quite some time ago and only the brainless and clueless are blind to that fact.
VorDaj on March 12, 2012 at 9:56 PM
Withdrawing NOW could STOP pre-9/11 conditions in Afghanistan.
There, I fixed it for him. This is ridiculous.
If this is “too soon” then this war really will never end.
fatlibertarianinokc on March 12, 2012 at 9:59 PM
Relevant piece by Andrew McCarthy, focusing on Syria, here.
Tzetzes on March 12, 2012 at 10:03 PM
Where the hell did you get that from? Most all the troops there are there because their unit was sent there.
VorDaj on March 12, 2012 at 10:04 PM
karzai seems ready to impose full sharia law on women. If our troops stay and protect him and his government then they are supporting sharia law, which would make them enemies of humanity and criminals in the eyes of God.
VorDaj on March 12, 2012 at 10:07 PM
Bring our boys and (girls) home.
Politricks on March 12, 2012 at 10:10 PM
Neocons are anti-American bastards.
VorDaj on March 12, 2012 at 10:10 PM
VorDaj; although I’m willing to give him the benefit of the doubt, I don’t appreciate what appears to me (as it’s written- I can’t get the quote thing to work) Mr. Kaplan implying that American and allied troops only now have to worry about being murdered by their Afghan “allies” because of what happened yesterday. The murders of U.S. troops are numerous, and have been ongoing for quite some time.
mc4ever59 on March 12, 2012 at 10:18 PM
You mean the war Obama promised to win…..”the good war” that liberals yelled and screamed about was so necessary to win.
Democrats voted overwhelmingly for this war and we would not be there without them.
Obama said he had a “smarter plan”…..was going to “finish the fight” against the Taliban and al-qaeda.
…….kind of exposes your “Bush’s war” idiocy for the infantile drivel that it is.
Obama sent his own Generals in with Obama’s own plan into Afghanistan and has failed miserably.
Obama and the democrats own this surrender and the consequences that will come from it.
Baxter Greene on March 12, 2012 at 10:30 PM
Then why did your hero Obama send more men and women there genius????
You liberals have been celebrating Sgt. Barack and his “smart power” for years now.
liberals now love the fact that the chicken hawk Obama launches wars against oil rich countries that didn’t attack us and posed no imminent threat.
…..you cheer on a President that doesn’t even get Congressional approval before he launches this country into a war in Libya….a war that has resulted in the jihadist gaining control there now.
Al-qaeda is already on record thanking Obama for delivering Libya to them.
Real “smart power” there genius.
Now the Obama that talked real tough about how he was going to win in Afghanistan and take care of the threats in Pakistan has done noting but talk about exit dates and getting out since becoming President.
The same Obama that talked about “defeating the Taliban” now says “they are not our enemy”.
The bottom line is that the enemy has not been defeated in Afghanistan,Pakistan,and the jihadist have gained more power and taken more territory under Obama’s “smart power” than at any time in modern history.
These jihadist want us dead…period.They will not stop until the West either converts to Islam or until we are dead.
Instead of making it clear that this is a fight we have to win….Obama can’t surrender fast enough.
Captain’s Journal sums this situation up perfectly:
On January 23, 2012 at 1:35 am, Herschel Smith said:
….and that is exactly what is going on.
This enemy is not going away…it’s getting stronger…and we will have to confront it without the advantages that we have now.There will be unimaginable bloodshed before this is over with and many will look back and wish we had not been so ready to concede this fight right now.
History will show that Obama retreated when the enemy needed to be confronted.
Baxter Greene on March 12, 2012 at 10:46 PM
Not just “counterinsurgency” that depends on trust and help from the populace.
But this Biden plan of drones and special ops that the White House wants to go with depends on it to.
The intelligence that makes drone strikes and special op missions successful will dry up once we are not the strong force in Afghanistan. We will no more be able to carry out meaningful,successful missions there anymore than we are able to carrying them out in Iran….which has been little to none.
The fact that we have not stopped the training,funding,and support of terrorist in Pakistan shows just how ridiculous it is to think we can defeat the jihadist without a full military commitment and a President who is not afraid to do what it takes to defeat the enemy.
You can bet that running away from this fight is certainly not going to make this jihadist threat go away either.
Great work Sgt. Barack……first you told America that the surge in Iraq would not work…you were seriously wrong….
………….then you told us you could win the war in Afghanistan with your “smart power” policies……and you are seriously wrong again.
Lots of tough talk from Obama:
Obama Interview 2008 “Losing Is Not An Option” In Afghanistan
…and instead we ended up with Sir Robin:
Nothing shouts “smart power” like losing a war that we were told time and again had to be won.
Baxter Greene on March 12, 2012 at 11:05 PM
Nation building time is over. They came from the 6th Century and are deigned to return. Before we leave we need to map then destroy their poppy fields.
I never heard Karzai apologize after his troops killed our soldiers after the Koran burning incident.
FireBlogger on March 12, 2012 at 11:58 PM
When I went through basic training eons ago we were taught “You’re here to be killers! Period! ” Q “What’s the spirit of the bayonet?” collective a “KILL KILL KILL ARRRRRGH!” Seems like some of this has been forgotten as today’s Army (and Marines)more closely resemble the Salvation Army.
It is the height of irony that the crazed Army Sgt. who allegedly killed 16 Afghans probably generated more respect among the locals than all our “do-good” efforts combined.
Whether we are there or not the Afghans (with almost no exceptions) are (and always will be) inbred, fanatic, murderous,drug growing and dealing, back-biting thugs and perverts. This has been historically true for hundreds of years.
The reason the Afghan mission or adventure has been a miserable failure is because our armed forces have become “dissed” by the locals because of their “merciful good intentions”-considered “womanly” and thus “cowardly” by these Muslims.How can they follow and respect somebody they think is a “pussy”?
This isn’t a Haight-Ashbury “Love In”. It is war -which should be (hopefully for the enemy) Hell.
MaiDee on March 13, 2012 at 5:20 AM
They were stone-age barbarians before 9/11, and they’re still stone-age barbarians. Let them live in caves and grow poppies and eat with their hands. They’re obsessed with living just like Mohammed did.
So let ‘em.
Alabama Patriot on March 13, 2012 at 7:26 AM
Frankly, this whole business of putting so much stock into such things as hearts and minds, cultural sensitivities, and bringing ‘democracy’ to the Afghans- or any other people who’s country it is determined we need to invade- is where everything goes off the rails.
You commit troops to combat for this country’s national interests and defense. You employ strategies and tactics that are in line with bringing the results into line with that goal, and you keep faith with the troops you ask to risk life and limb to achieve it.
As far as the locals go, you make it clear that if this ends up being an improvement for them also, we’re all for it. But we really don’t give a damn; we’re here for our country.
The business of hearts and minds, worry over what the UN will say, and so on, has resulted in ten plus years of changes in direction, with each new ‘solution’ having no more chance of success than the last.
Since we have no political/national will to do the right things for the right reasons, and by applying whatever methods needed to bring about their success, we will continue to flail around and fail. Maybe it will take losing a city or two to finally wake up to simple realty.
mc4ever59 on March 13, 2012 at 7:49 AM
Even if Al Qaeda does come to dominate Afghanistan (not a foregone conclusion) should we quickly withdraw, the situation would not at all be the same or even nearly the same as just before 9/11. For one our intelligence services are not nearly as incompetent & clueless as they were before. They won’t be noticing Muslims on student visas take flying lessons and ignoring it like the previous idiots.
Chessplayer on March 13, 2012 at 3:42 PMReigning Horse Of The Year Draws No. 8 Post In $2 Million Breeders’ Cup Mile
Jockey John Velazquez rides Wise Dan to victory in the Breeder’s Cup Mile Grade 1 race at the Santa Anita racetrack in Arcadia, California, on November 3, 2012. (credit: FREDERIC J. BROWN.
Trainer Todd Pletcher won’t have Graydar, who had been pre-entered in both the Classic and the Dirt Mile. The Kelso winner has a quarter crack in his left front hoof.
“We’re disappointed,” Pletcher said. “Graydar had been training extremely well and I thought we got the perfect comeback effort from him in the Kelso.”
The two-day, .
Rosie Napravnik and Chantal Sutherland-Kruse each have one mount on Saturday, and will try to join Julie Krone as the only women to win a Breeders’ Cup race in the event’s history. Napravnik rides 5-1 shot Untapable in the $2 million Juvenile Fillies; Sutherland-Kruse is aboard 20-1 longshot Great Hot in the $1 million Filly & Mare Sprint.
Saturday’s nine races include the $1 million Turf Sprint, with defending champion and 4-1 favorite Mizdirection among the 14-horse field. She’s co-owned by sports talk radio host Jim Rome, and will be ridden by Smith.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.).
We’ve spent a week looking back at the pivotal players and events of AVENGERS: THE CHILDREN’S CRUSADE, but the time for talk has almost come to a close. Tomorrow, issue #7 hits stands and the landscape changes once again.
For a final time prior to the release of this latest chapter, writer Allan Heinberg took the time to enlighten us on his grand plan and what a certain group of mutant heroes who crashed the party at the end of last issue have in store.
Marvel.com: Where do the X-Men stand on the issue of The Scarlet Witch, particularly in contrast to the Avengers? How does their full involvement beginning with issue #7 change the tone of the story?
Allan Heinberg: At this point in the story, the X-Men assembled on the lawn of Avengers Mansion all share Cyclops' point of view: that The Scarlet Witch needs to be held accountable for her actions and brought to justice by the mutant community. But the Avengers have their own ideas about how to deal with Wanda, and those don't necessarily involve just handing her over to the X-Men and walking away. So, the X-Men's involvement obviously complicates an already complicated situation and provokes these heroes to act in ways that aren't necessarily very heroic, all in the name of justice. But is it justice? Or is it revenge?
Marvel.com: What position will the X-Men’s arrival place Magneto in? How tough are things going to get for him?
Allan Heinberg: Magneto is already in an impossible position. He has to choose between his two families: his biological family—Wanda and Pietro—and the X-Men, who've become more of a family than he's ever had. And his position in the Marvel Universe is going to be determined by the choice he makes.
Marvel.com: What is Wanda’s immediate goal?
Allan Heinberg: Wanda's only goal is to restore the mutants whose lives she destroyed at the end of House of M. And she'll do whatever she has to, to make that happen.
Marvel.com: How unified are the Avengers right now?
Allan Heinberg: The Avengers are by no means unified on the subject of Wanda Maximoff. They all want to find her and contain her, but then the question becomes, "What do we do with her once we've found her?" Wolverine and Captain America have already bumped heads on the subject. And I think most of the team is similarly divided. Everyone agrees that The Scarlet Witch is a threat, but how do you go about neutralizing that threat? Everyone wants to hold Wanda accountable for what she's done, but how? What is the punishment for those crimes?
Marvel.com: Will X-Factor prove to be—pardon the pun—a factor or are they observers here?
Allan Heinberg: The members of X-Factor are as divided as the Avengers and X-Men. Madrox has already stated his point of view on the subject: he'd just as soon leave Wanda to her fate, whatever that is. But Wanda has just restored Rictor, so Rictor is going to be invested in helping Wanda do the same for all the other de-powered mutants. Either way, the X-Factor team now finds itself in the middle of a volatile conflict between the X-Men and the Avengers. And this X-Factor team has always been very independent. Madrox and the others are not going to start taking orders from Cyclops.
Marvel.com: How will Doctor Doom find his way back into this story?
Allan Heinberg: Doom's love for Wanda will soon put him at the center of the story, right between the warring Avengers and the X-Men.
Marvel.com: Now that Wiccan has found his mother, what does he want? How about Speed?
Allan Heinberg: Wiccan's goal was not only to find his mother, but to help her reclaim her position as a hero in the Marvel Universe. He still doesn't believe The Scarlet Witch could have been responsible for the events of "Avengers: Disassembled" and House of M and so he's determined to find out what really happened; how someone as good and as compassionate as The Scarlet Witch could suddenly turn on her friends, her family, and her entire species. At this point in the story, though, Wiccan is mostly concerned with helping Wanda stay alive.
As for Speed, he's been very skeptical about the idea of The Scarlet Witch being his mother, but after the events of CRUSADE #6, I think Speed's feelings about Wanda and the lengths he's willing to go to, to protect her are going to surprise his teammates—and himself.
Marvel.com: With all the big action taking place, will we get to see more development as far as the triangle between Stature, Iron Lad and Vision?
Allan Heinberg: Absolutely, the Stature-Vision-Iron Lad triangle explodes in CRUSADE #8 and is finally resolved in #9.
Marvel.com: What will Scott Lang’s role be moving forward?
Allan Heinberg: You'll have to keep reading to find out if Scott Lang actually survives the crusade.
Marvel.com: They’ve been somewhat off to the side for a while now, but do Patriot and Hawkeye still have parts to play in this story?
Allan Heinberg: The tension between Hawkeye and Patriot which began in CRUSADE #2 comes to a head in #7, and the outcome is devastating.
Marvel.com: What else can you tease for the final portion of this series and its fallout?
Allan Heinberg: CRUSADE #7 sparks a war between the Avengers and the X-Men over the fate of The Scarlet Witch. It also reveals the fate of the de-powered mutants, the secret origin of Wanda's latent reality-altering powers, and the hidden truth about her involvement in "Avengers: Disassembled" and House of M. It also features the debut of a powerful new super hero in the Marvel Universe.
Issue #8 tells the story of the final, bloody battle between the Avengers, the X-Men, and X-Factor over the fate of The Scarlet Witch, whose tragic outcome will be the death of an Avenger.
Issue #9 deals with the aftermath of that death and the loss of several other heroes, as well. It sets the stage for the next big Marvel Universe event and spins the Young Avengers off in a brand-new direction.
We thank Allan Heinberg for joining us and encourage you to pick up AVENGERS: THE CHILDREN’S CRUSADE #7!
Also, check out the full run of YOUNG AVENGERS on Marvel Digital Comics Unlimited and The Marvel App!Khagaya Yoga is an effective way to take excellent care of yourself and your body. This unique Yoga method uses various Yoga sequences to strengthen and tone your body, combined with moments of relaxation to balance and centre yourself, making you feel happier, healthier and inspired to Love your Body and Love your Life.
This form of yoga is very self-healing: By moving in such a way that you, as it were,, inspired to Love your Body and Love your Life.
Khagaya Yoga invites you to be fully present inside your body, coming home inside yourself, connecting to all body sensations, sensing the flow of breath throughout your body, expanding and increasing your body awareness, which in itself is key in transformation.
One of the better decisions I made in recent years
As a result of the weekly sessions I feel much better in my body, I have learned to listen to it, and I am much better at relaxing and at detecting problems, especially with my back, before they get serious… I don’t know how she does it, but even with eight or ten people it often feels like a private lesson. Add to this her special way of encouraging people and transmitting her joy and energy. Ulrich
Read more about the benefits of Khagaya YogaLocked and Loaded for Hydrographic Missions
In recent years, the proliferation of unmanned surface vessels deployed for hydrographic missions has mushroomed as the collaborative effects of propulsion, software and sensor technologies has cumulatively made these vessels, large and small, more capable for a multitude of missions. In this edition, and on the heels of the Ocean Business exhibition last month in Southampton, Marine Technology Reporter examines recent developments.
ASV C-Stat Mobile Buoy USV System
The C-Stat from ASV offers a new capability in the dynamic positioning of equipment at sea for extended durations without the need of ships or seabed anchoring. The C-Stat uses a state-of-the-art autonomous controller and station keeping system integrated with the company’s C-Nav DGNSS system and a novel diesel-electric hybrid power system. The hull has been optimized for ocean performance and ease of launch and recovery.
The C-Stat embodies many of the advantages found in advanced unmanned systems, in that they can provide persistent, designed to collect and disseminate data at a fraction of the cost of manned operations. In the case of the C-Stat, it is designed for continuous operations, pending environment and mission, of between four and 30 days.
The mobile buoy type design of the C-Stat is designed to provide excellent stability in heavy seas, with the dual propulsion system for redundancy. Station keeping capability within less than 10m has been demonstrated, as well as deep ocean acoustic data transmission operations. Command and control via the ASView software system allows for both interactive piloting and preprogrammed activity during missions. Depending on configuration, the C-Stat Series of ASVs can maintain steerage at 0.5 to 5 knots.
The robust diesel-electric propulsion system is designed not only for redundancy and cost-efficient operation, but to carry a varied and heavier payload, vastly expanding its scope of operation.
Flexible payload options include echo sounders, acoustic modem/positioning, ADCPs, magnetometers, CDT, weather station, environmental sensors, passive acoustic monitoring and security related sensor systems, including video, camera and infrared systems.
C-Stat Specifications
Hull length 2.5m
Breadth 1.5m
Propulsion Diesel-electric
Duration 4-30 days, continuous
Surface Positioning C-Nav DGNSS
Comms UHF surface comms suitable for up to 7+ miles range
(As published in the May 2013 edition of Marine.> > I? (Why do you write `.*?' ?) Anyway, I think the point is that users can already, today, match in this way using a pattern that includes special chars (wildcards), but that the request was to be able to just type `abc', not some pattern like `*a*b*c'. People who like such ~fuzzy matching don't want to mess with extra chars - the point is to type a few chars quickly and get the effect of typing many.Is it just me or is everybody breaking up? Seriously, the past three months have left most of my friends single and hating it. I’ve got a theory that it’s the time of year. Maybe there’s something about fall that just pushes people apart. I guess I don’t have any crappy statistics to cite, so I really don’t know. One thing’s for sure though: CIA director David Petraeus certainly can’t keep his hands to himself.
It wasn’t two days after the election wrapped up that Petraeus hit a front-page home run with the announcement of his resignation because he was having an affair. At first I thought, what is it about an affair that makes a person need to resign. In most cases, I stand by this sentiment. It’s not a crime to be unhappy and unfaithful, though it’s certainly not good practice.
Then it occurred to me just who this man was — the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. If someone having leverage over this guy isn’t scary, then I don’t know what is. Maybe I just love conspiracy theories, but I’ll bet you all the diamonds in Ann Romney’s jewelry box that the director of the CIA knows some important and valuable things.
Important and valuable things about what? Important and valuable things about everything.
I hate to be controversial, but here’s the kind of compromising info I would want if I happened to be having an affair with the director of the CIA: a complete list of field agents, all over the world with pictures, a photocopy of Barack Obama’s birth certificate to print on Donald Trump’s toilet paper, a list of Donald Trump’s greatest fears, and all my exes’ Facebook passwords, just so I could check up on them every now and then.
I would of course sell the list of field agents to the Russians and use the money I made from it to buy a nice loft in New York, where I could spend the rest of my 20s trying to fit in with trust fund brats. What can I say, you take what you can get. I wish it went more like this than the way it did. Maybe his mistress did blackmail him — like I would have done — but Petraeus was playing big league. This whole thing came to light because his mistress went to the FBI for protection when Petraeus started terrorizing her with threatening emails. Now that he’s been caught, he couldn’t be sorrier for what he did.
What is it about powerful men and thinking they can get away with everything? Clinton thought he could score some afternoon delight in the White House; he sure didn’t get away with it. My personal favorite happened in 2007 when Idaho senator Larry Craig barked up the wrong tree in an airport men’s room. Now the director of the CIA thinks he can get silly on the side. All of these men didn’t think they’d get caught, but when you’re a government official — and kind of a big deal — it’s pretty hard for people not to notice. Seriously Petraeus, if you’re going to be unfaithful to your wife, don’t terrorize some poor woman to get your kicks. You give people like me a fine excuse to make fun of your acronyms like this: Central Intelligence Agency, or Colossal Idiots Anonymous?Software Features • Recovers entire types of lost data: Macintosh recovery software for memory card easily recovers your all lost photos, images, pictures, music files and other valuable data from memory card. • Recovers data from formatted memory card: Mac memory card data recovery program recover entire lost files from formatted or reformatted memory card. • Uses inbuilt disk scanning mechanism: Mac memory card data retrieval software easily searches and restores entire deleted, missing erased or lost data using inbuilt advanced disk scanning mechanism. • Provides preview facility: Mac memory card data rescue software provides preview facility to view lost files before their actual recovery.Join us at the Doe Bay Cafe to hear 2010 Artsmith Literary Award winner and 2009 Artsmith Residency Fellow Marjorie Manwaring read her award-winning (and often hilarious) poetry. Bring your own works to share in the Open Mic. Doe Bay Cafe will have a small bites menu of spectacular culinary creations to accompany the fine and fun literary offerings. Cafe opens at 6, and the reading begins at 7. See you there!Let the Good Times Roll
By David Gill
A positive mood will envelope New York City from Aug. 15-19, with the advent of this month's New York International Gift Fair and Gift & Home Textiles Market.
\The two shows, which run concurrently, are taking place as the product categories they cover--home textiles, gifts, accessories and housewares among them--continue their slow progress on the upward curve. All of these industries were hit hard in 2008 and 2009, and attendance at these shows suffered as a result.
Now the numbers look more promising. "We're closing in on 2,700 companies exhibiting at the Gift Fair, as opposed to 2,400 in the August 2009 show," said Dorothy Belshaw, director of the show and senior vice president of GLM, the show's owner and manager.
Belshaw said that show exhibitor numbers bottomed out in the winter version in 2009--with textiles, accents and tabletop taking the brunt of the falloff. As of late June, Belshaw said, "tabletop is filled out. Accents is also sold out, and textiles is tracking to be filled out shortly. We've seen a tremendous surge in exhibitor numbers in housewares and tabletop in particular."
She said she had begun to notice an uptick in the Gift Fair in August of 2009, after the worst of the economic debacle. "In this year's winter show, there was more buying activity as many retailers who stayed home last year due to the economy began to return," she said.
The fact that the fourth quarter will begin a month and a half after the Gift Fair has provided a spur to the show's activity. "Retailers I speak with say they need inventory for the fourth quarter," Belshaw said. "A lot of these have cut their inventories close to the bone, and now they need to see how many reorders they need."
The climb in exhibitor numbers has enabled GLM to ramp up several new features, originally spelled out in its "Focus Forward NYIGF 2013" strategic plan, a major reorganization of the NYIGF. One is the introduction of the new Baby & Child division, a group of 200 exhibitors of juvenile products. Another is the reintroduction of New York's Newest, a division of 200 other companies that are exhibiting at the Gift Fair for the first time. Still another is the show's return to Pier 92 of the Passenger Ship Terminal, which was once a regular space for exhibitors.
Another is the expansion of the space at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, on the north end. This will add 40,000 square feet of extra exhibit space to the center. "News of the added space at Javits has helped push up participation," Belshaw said.
Moving across town to the Gift & Home Textiles Market, the mood is just about as upbeat. "Optimism within the industry is as high as I have seen in many years," said Chris Collins, vice president and general manager of 7 W New York. "I expect this upcoming New York market to be very strong and a pivotal event in the continued recovery and renewed growth for our industry."
Collins said businesses in the industry picked up a few things about managing their operations during the downturn, which have helped them now that the economy is back on a growth track. "I believe many industry-leading companies have employed new levels of creativity on the business side and product side," he said, "which is something that is tremendous for the business and will fuel future growth for manufacturers and retailers alike."
As with the Gift Fair, 7 W New York is using the market to launch some new features--and one of them as with the Gift Fair, focuses on juvenile products. The market will run in tandem with the NYC Baby & Kids Fair, which presents infants' and children's accessories and furnishings. In the seminar schedule for the week, one of the features is a presentation on pop-up retailing by Christina Norsig, founder and chief executive officer of PopUp- Insider.
The good feelings about the market are being expressed in the form of new and expanded showrooms at 230 Fifth Ave. Six vendors have moved into the building for the market, and five current tenants have expanded their space either in their current location or by moving to new space in the building.
Among the new tenants is Perfect Fit Industries, the basic-bedding manufacturer, which is opening its space in room 1305 in time for the market. Previously, Perfect Fit's showroom was in 261 Fifth Ave.
Lucy Zhune, creative marketing director for 230 Fifth Ave., said the building enjoyed increases in both attendance and order writing both in this year's February market and in last year's August market, compared to previous years, "indicating that business is improving," Zhune said.West Xtra: WPIAL champion Montour continues strong run in state softball playoffsJune 7, 2012 12:24 AM
One of the biggest concerns a coach from a WPIAL championship softball team has to contend with is the first game in the PIAA playoffs.
It was no different for the Montour High Spartans, as they found themselves trailing District 9 champion Punxsutawney by one run just two innings into their first-round PIAA Class AAA game on Monday at North Allegheny High School.
But while the offense took a little longer than Spartans' fans might have liked, it did eventually show up. Montour tied the game with a single run in the fourth, and Allison Hrydail's two-run single highlighted a three-run fifth as the Spartans went on to a 4-1 victory against the Chucks. The Spartans improved to 18-5 on the season.
Montour meets another WPIAL team, Greensburg Salem, at 2 p.m. today at North Allegheny. The Golden Lions, the No. 3 team from the WPIAL, improved to 17-3 after they walloped City League representative Carrick, 16-0, on Monday at McGibbney Field in Brookline.
"We gave [the team] a couple of days off [after the WPIAL championship game]," said Montour coach Bill Wills. "We didn't come out with a lot of fire [on Monday]. I told the girls this is not the way we want to keep going."
A slow start offensively became even more problematic as the Chucks took a 1-0 lead in the top of the second under unusual circumstances.
Johnna Depp lined a single off the glove of Spartans' first baseman Tori Roman for a leadoff single and stole second. One out later, Depp advanced to third when an illegal pitch was called on Spartans' pitcher Kaitlyn Kutchman after she had apparently struck out the Chucks' Sydney Phillips. With the pitch ruled a ball and the count 2-2, Phillips hit a fly ball that brought Depp home.
"The umpires said I was replacing my foot and coming off [the rubber]," Kutchman said. "I've never done that before, but if I did it, I did it. We came back, and we scored. I had to make sure I kept my foot on the [rubber]. After awhile, I got used to it."
Wills confirmed his pitcher's assessment.
"They said she was outside the 18-inch [zone] with her curve ball," Wills said. "In college, you see lines drawn from the pitching rubber to the front of the circle. They don't do that in high school, but they said she was outside the 18-inch circle."
Wills said Kutchman shook off the ruling and continued to attack the Chucks' hitters.
"She had command of the batters," Wills said. "There wasn't anyone on this team who was going to be able to hit her the way she was pitching [Monday]."
With Kutchman taking care of the pitching, Wills hoped the team's offense would catch up. He got his wish in the fourth as the Spartans made use of their team speed to scratch out a run.
Kutchman received a full-count leadoff walk, and Bri Peckich was inserted as a courtesy runner. Peckich then went to third on Hraydil's single to right. With Tori Roman batting, Hryadil broke for second, drawing a throw from Depp, the Chucks' catcher. Peckich then raced home, beat Depp's tag while Hryadil scampered to third.
"We'll work for the first run, no matter what we have to do," Wills said. "We'll take some chances, and that's the style we've been playing. We wanted to get back even, and that's why we did what we did."
Speed had tied the game for the Spartans, and that quality helped them get the lead they'd never surrender in the fifth.
A leadoff walk to Malory Gerst started the inning. With courtesy runner Emily Diecks inserted for catcher Gerst, she advanced to second on Alyssa McMurtrie's perfectly placed bunt single.
Leadoff hitter Stacey Capp hit a roller to Chucks' pitcher Randa Depp, whose throw sailed over third baseman Ivy Phillips' head. That allowed Diecks to score, sent McMurtrie to third and Capps to second.
Two outs later, Hryadil's slicing single down the right field line scored both McMurtrie and Capp, giving Kutchman all the cushion she needed. She surrendered scratch singles in the sixth and seventh, and struck out the final two Chucks' batters to end the game.
Wills said it was no mistake that Hryadil had the clutch hit as she had three of the Spartans' five hits on Monday.
"That's what Al's done all year, and Tori has been great [late in the season]," he said of Roman. "They're our seniors, and we need them to step it up."
The Spartans must display that approach today against a Greensburg Salem team sparked by standout junior pitcher Jayne Oberdorf.
"We faced her two years ago [in the WPIAL tournament, a 2-0 Montour victory], and we know we're going to have our work cut out for us," Wills said.
Oberdorf recorded her 11th shutout of the season against Carrick.
Wills said his hitters will focus on the offense heading into today's game.
"We're just going to keep hitting for the next couple of days," he said. "We know we have a big obstacle, and we want to get where we were in 2010 in the [PIAA] semifinals."hsbaseball
First Published June 7, 2012 12:00 AMHome > About > News > Teens’ Online Safety Improved by Education
Release date
Nov-24-2008
Jacqueline Molik Ghosen
716-645-2833
ghosen@buffalo.edu
BUFFALO, N.Y. -- Think protecting young teenagers on the Internet is important? Then be sure they think it’s important, too, according to a forthcoming article in IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication.
Researchers from the University at Buffalo and University of Maryland surveyed 285 preteens and early teenagers, both male and female, to determine websites.
The researchers cause teens to improve their online safety practices, according to one of the researchers, H. R. Rao, professor of management science and systems in the UB School of Management.
“Students who experience Internet privacy breaches or computer security problems show less protective behavior on the Internet,” says Rao. “This increases the chances that they will be victims again in the future.”
The study also showed that girls tend to practice more protective behavior on the Web than boys. The researchers believe this is because girls consider online privacy more important than boys do.
The study was supported by a National Science Foundation grant. In addition to Rao, it was conducted by Sangmi Chai, doctoral candidate in UB..Police work stress linked to depression
Police funerals, workplace discrimination, lack of cooperation and job dissatisfaction correlate with police officer work stress, U.S. researchers say.
Researchers at Columbia University’s Mailman School of Public Health said occupational stress was significantly associated with adverse outcomes, including depression and intimate partner abuse.
To examine the impact of a wide range of police stressors on potential health outcomes, while controlling for various coping strategies in a large sample of urban police officers, the Mailman School researchers developed a five-page, 132-item survey to address police stressors, perceived work stress, coping strategies and adverse outcomes., the researchers said.
The findings are published in the Journal of Criminal Justice and Behavior.(PRWEB) June 09, 2014
The independent authority on search vendors, topseos.com, has named InternetReputation.com the 3rd best reputation management service for June 2014. InternetReputation.com was selected due to their remarkable performance in the in-depth evaluation process. Thousands of firms are considered while only the 50 best are featured in the rankings.
These agencies are investigated through a meticulous evaluation process to identify which agencies to showcase in the ratings. While there are thousands of reputation management agencies, the ratings are comprised of the absolute best the search engine marketing industry has to offer. The independent research team reviews the competing agencies across five areas of evaluation in order to identify their overall level of competency in areas including needs analysis, reporting, responsiveness, monitoring, and strategy development.
topseos.com is also active within various search marketing events and conferences. The independent research team often performs industry research to discover the latest relevant news and information important to clients and professionals. Often times firms provide topseos.com with an inside look to new developments.
Clients of internet marketing solutions often turn to topseos.com when searching for effective reputation management services. The independent research team has named InternetReputation.com as the 3rd top firm based on the results of the analysis process. topseos.com strongly believes in InternetReputation.com's continued dedication towards excellence. purveyor of online marketing rankings. The central objective of topseos.com is to determine and name those individuals or companies offering top online marketing solutions available. Reputation management companies are put through a rigorous investigation to ensure the recommendations contain the absolute best companies the online marketing industry has to offer.
For additional information about InternetReputation.com visit:
To view the recommendations of the best reputation management services visit:... – Vijay Mallya, Part II 18 Nov
just the week in - Spirits & Wine 1 May 2015
Here's a round-up of this week's highlights in the global spirits & wine categories. We are also running similar round-ups for beer and soft drinks & bottled water.
just a While Ago - On 30 April in... 30 Apr 2015
Here's a look at what was happening on this day in...
just a While Ago - On 28 April in... 28 Apr.
just the Week in - Beer 9 Jan 2015
Here's a round-up of this week's highlights in the global beer category. We are also running similar round-ups for spirits & wine and soft drinks & bottled water.
Latest blogs
Writing (not) on the wall for SABMiller's Australian friends 17 Jul 2013...
Soft Drinks in India
Soft Drinks in India industry profile provides top-line qualitative and quantitative summary information including: market share, market size (value and volume 2009-13, and forecast to 2018). The prof...
Alcoholic Drinks in India
Alcoholic Drinks in India
Alcoholic Drinks in India industry profile provides top-line qualitative and quantitative summary information including: market size (value 2009-13, and forecast to 2018). The profile also containsThis appendix lists Oracle Lite keywords and reserved words.
Keywords are not reserved words, but have special meanings in certain contexts. They can be used to define table and column names.
Oracle Lite keywords are listed in Table A-1:
Reserved words cannot be used as the name of any database object or part. The Oracle Lite reserved words are listed in Table A-2. Some Oracle Lite reserved words are also Oracle reserved words. Any words followed by an asterisk (*) are only Oracle Lite reserved words (not Oracle):Effects of surgically and gastrically implanted radio transmitters on growth and feeding behavior of juvenile chinook salmon
Transactions of the American Fisheries Society
- By:
- N.S. Adams, D.W. Rondorf, S.D. Evans, and J.E. Kelly
Links
AbstractWe.
Additional Publication Details
- Publication type:
- Article
- Publication Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Title:
- Effects of surgically and gastrically implanted radio transmitters on growth and feeding behavior of juvenile chinook salmon
- Series title:
- Transactions of the American Fisheries Society
- Volume
- 127
- Issue:
- 1
- Year Published:
- 1998
- Language:
- Larger Work Type:
- Article
- Larger Work Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Larger Work Title:
- Transactions of the American Fisheries Society
- First page:
- 128
- Last page:
- 136THREE Lancashire players have been called up to the England Physical Disability squad for the forthcoming tour to the United Arab Emirates.
England Physical Disability head coach, Chris Ellison, has named a 15-man squad, which includes uncapped Lancashire bowlers Steve Braithwaite and Jordan Williams, and top-order Lancashire and England batsman Callum Flynn, to play in a six-match ODI and T20 international series against the Pakistan Physical Disability team in the United Arab Emirates next month.
The 14-day tour, which gets underway on March 16, will consist of three 40 15 players will be joined by head coach, Chris Ellison, newly appointed assistant coach, Qasim Ali, team manager Neil Bradshaw, and physio Sian Morgan, to form a 19-strong touring party.
Bobby Denning, acting director for the Lancashire Cricket Board, added: "I'd like to congratulate Callum, Jordan and Steve on their selection in the England Physical Disability, a lead coach at the club's indoor cricket centre, who has been appointed the assistant coach of the squad."Learn about area birds in the winter, landscaping problems this weekend
Not all birds, or people, fly south for the winter. Learning opportunities in the Perrysburg area this weekend focus on the environment and other natural activities.
Discover how to identify which feathered friend is at the feeder Saturday at the Lookout on Nature Area at W.W. Knight Preserve, 29530 White Road, Perrysburg.
A Wood County Park District naturalist will be on hand from 10 to 11:30 a.m. to help participants spot different birds through the LOONA window.
The program is free, though registration is requested by calling the park district at 419-353-1897 or through its Web site at Hot drinks and donuts will be available.
The 577 Foundation is offering a course on solving difficult landscape problems, based on the book Why Grow That When You Can Grow This? by Andrew Keys. The course will be held from 2-4 p.m. Sunday at the foundation, 577 East Front St., Perrysburg.
Participants will learn what to plant when lack of sun, wrong soil, or climate changes present challenges, as well as receive a copy of Keys' book.
Fee for the course, which will be led by Vicki Gallagher, is $15. Register online at or call 419- 874-4174.
For sports fans, Perrysburg High School will host Anthony Wayne for a varsity wrestling match at 6 p.m. Thursday at the school, 13385 Roachton Rd. Call the athletic office at 419-874-3181 for information.Russian Web Journalism Award to be named after Snowden.
Edward R Murrow and Cronkite’s long dead skeletons are currently spinning themselves into a bone-flinging tizzy.4 Ways Mobile Technology Can Improve Care
By Kathleen Roney:
Mobile technology is popular. That in itself is not shocking. The adoption rate of mobile technology has been rapid. You can take one look around and see most people are using smart phones, iPads and tablets. Mobile technology is not new to healthcare either. Although it may not be as prevalent as it is commercially, many physicians and nurses use iPads and smart phones to aid hospital rounds, communicate and guide patients in treatment recommendations.
However, there are heated debates over the safety of mobile health. Data security and HIPAA compliance has yet to be tackled, evident in the onslaught of data breaches, and there are many conflicting reports on the clinical safety of mobile health technology. Some studies report that mobile technologies improve workflow and aid physician productivity, yet other studies report that iPads and smart phones are distracting and dangerous to patients.
While the safety of mobile health is questionable, there is no denying its market — and that of health applications — is huge. In 2011, the mobile health market reached $718 million in the United States alone. Harnessing the prevalence of mobile technology to meet CMS regulations and meaningful use requirements could greatly benefit the healthcare industry while not compromising medical professionals’ productivity or patient privacy.
Here Robert Oscar, registered pharmacist and CEO of RxEOB, a healthcare company that offers web technology, analytics and automated services, discusses four ways the growing mobile health market may benefit patients and providers.
1. Increase medication compliance. Mobile technology can help patients adhere to medication orders. It can tell patients why medical adherence, especially prescription adherence, is important by sending them messages and information. “While no one can guarantee patients will actually read or even absorb the information, allowing them access in an easy, convenient method is a start,” says Mr. Oscar.
Mobile technology can also calculate when a prescription should run out and then send the patient a reminder to get a refill. When the patient refills their medication, mobile technology can send dosage reminders such as “It is 7 a.m. Time to take your blood pressure medication.” Finally, mobile technology can ask the patient if they took their medication or not. “It works as a delayed reminder but it also provides a way to document whether the patient took their medication,” says Mr. Oscar.
These capabilities offer hospitals a method to lower medication noncompliance, one of the biggest factors in high hospital readmissions. A 2009 article published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that 17.6 percent of hospital admissions resulted in readmissions within 30 days of discharge, 11.5 percent within 15 days and 6.2 percent within 7 days. While variation in readmission rates varies by hospitals and geographic regions, reducing hospital readmissions could lower healthcare costs.
Additionally, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, includes a provision that is intended to reduce preventable hospital readmissions by reducing Medicare payments to certain hospitals with relatively high preventable readmission rates. Hospitals could leverage mobile technology to reduce readmissions, meet the new federal expectation, and avoid penalties.
2. Improve post-treatment understanding. Mobile technology gives patients, and hospitals, a convenient medium to monitor hospital discharge instructions and double check prescriptions. Medication accuracy, a huge patient safety issue, could improve as a result.
Patients receive a lot of paperwork and instructions when they are discharged from the hospital. The scenario is not conducive to patients remembering detailed treatment and prescription requirements. Mobile technology might help patients recall the information onslaught they receive at hospital discharge by sending post-treatment instruction reminders.
According to Mr. Oscar, a classic example of a medication mistake starts with a patient who takes generic Valium, diazepam. The patient tells the hospital intake nurse about this medication, and it is recorded. However, the patient is prescribed the brand name Valium while in the hospital. As the patient later leaves the hospital, a physician writes their prescription for Valium but the patient does not know it is the same thing as what they already have at home. “All of a sudden the patient could be taking a double dose of their prescription which could land them back in the hospital very quickly,” says Mr. Oscar.
3. Patient access to health information. Another advantage of mobile health is that apps can provide health information access to patients.
“Mobile technology can take health information where it is stored, and possibly inaccessible, and make it more accessible to patients,” says Mr. Oscar. “In a more transferrable format, health information can improve efficiency of the patient and physician interaction by informing both about past therapies and conditions.”
Thus, mobile technology addresses an element of CMS’ Stage 2 Meaningful Use requirements — providing patients with easier access to their health information. Eligible hospitals and healthcare professionals are encouraged to create patient-specific education resources and give patient’s access as well as enable patients to view online, download, and transmit their health information. Some providers are even required to communicate with patients electronically on relevant health information.
Mobile technologies can help hospitals and healthcare professionals realize these expectations by storing and monitoring a patient’s historical information. “If a physician can get historic information and apply it as a patient is treated, it is the first step in improving evidence-based practice standards,” says Mr. Oscar. “The key is making information that is already accumulated and stored about a patient including treatment and condition histories much more available to prescribing physicians and patients.
4. Aggregate data, improve population healthcare. According to Mr. Oscar, mobile technologies can give providers information on the newest and greatest evidence-based medical practices. Applications can be developed that track health outcomes to see where deviations from expected outcomes occurred and why, so healthcare professionals can work to fix them in the future.
“Medicine being an art as much of a science, there are lots of reasons, why given a patient’s circumstance, there would be a deviation from expected outcomes,” says Mr. Oscar. “Mobile applications help track and match deviations against published and accepted evidence-based medical practice standards. [Researchers and analysts] can then determine if a medical evidence-based practice can be improved.”
The tracking of health outcomes and deviations may improve the healthcare system’s ability to assess population health. Similarly, mobile applications could be used to track health trends as an early indicator of emerging health issues. The Department of Human & Health Services began a mobile app challenge in late March encouraging web developers to create a web-based application that uses Twitter to track health trends in real time. With mobile applications tracking health trends and outcomes, federal agencies and healthcare organizations could cross-reference data to build a baseline of trends and statistics to advise research and improved medical practice.
Mobile technology is a burgeoning area in healthcare. It has many great implications, some of which are just on the brink of being realized. Mobile technology may increase health information access for patients, improve medication compliance and treatment adherence and enhance population health and research capabilities.
Source:National Testing Service NTS is the Commanding body to conduct the admission test NAT (National Aptitude Test) Recruitment test for the Jobs, GAT General and Subject GRE and English A1 for the IELTS Test and now a day’s NTS required for admissions in NTS associated universities/. The students should bring pen and clip board with them, erasing materials are not allowed. Answer sheet contains five circles containing five options of answer for one question, containing alphabets from A to E inside for each question number.
The candidate has to completely fill one circle that he / she think is correct. For example the candidate feels that the correct answer of the given question is A then he / she may shade / fill the circle containing alphabet A with ball.
rezlt kab announced ho ga
Plzzzz result announce kar dain.. We are waiting..
plz announce the result i m wating….////STOCKTON - The Broadway musical “Grease” is Stockton Civic Theatre’s opening show of the 2012-2013 season.
Opening Wednesday, Sept. 5, the production is directed by Joseph Toon. This is Toon’s directorial debut, having accumulated significant experience at SCT, both onstage and backstage.
“This is the original gritty urban Off-Broadway version, not the sanitized movie version,” says Toon. The show tackles such social issues as teenage pregnancy and gang violence; themes include love, friendship, teenage rebellion and sexual explorations during adolescence.
Rydell High’s senior class of 1959 with their duck-tailed, hot-rodding “Burger Palace Boys” and their gum-snapping, hip-shaking “Pink Ladies” in bobby sox and pedal pushers, evokes the look and sound of the 1950’s in this musical. Head “greaser” Danny Zuko, played by Ian Trueb, and new “good” girl Sandy Dumbrowski, played by Jessica Smith,. Other principals include Matt Saculla as Kenickie, second-in command of the T-Birds; Holly Halay as Rizzo, leader of the Pink Ladies; and Lydia Merriam-Pigg as Frenchy, the dreamer who can’t wait to finish high school so she can be a beautician.
Director Toon has appeared on the SCT stage numerous times, including in this last season’s productions of “Forever Plaid” and “Hairspray”. He has also served as assistant director on several shows, leading him to this director’s position for “Grease”. Assisting him will be musical director, Jim Coleman, and choreographer, Terra Fearrand.
Contents of this site are © 2015 Manteca Bulletin - All Rights ReservedRichard Stallman <address@hidden> writes: > Would someone please install this, then ack? Done. > From: Andreas Seltenreich <address@hidden> > Subject: Patch: make navigation work as documented in easy-mmode derived modes > To: address@hidden > > I just noticed that prefix args didn't work when navigating in > diff-mode, contrary to the docstrings of the functions. > > The attached patch fixes it for me.Organizers of a protest slated to take place on Toronto’s Bay Street later this month say they’re following in the footsteps of American activists who have stormed Wall Street in New York and other U.S. cities in a rally against the global financial system.
Hundreds of people are expected to meet in the heart of Toronto’s financial district, at the intersection of Bay and King streets, on Oct. 15 to prepare for a march two days later as the Toronto Stock Exchange opens that Monday.
Occupy Toronto organizers say they anticipate the protests will roll into the week as the Occupy Wall Street rally in New York enters its third week without any hints of slowing down.
In New York during the weekend, more than 700 protesters were arrested on the Brooklyn Bridge as they defied police and stalled traffic.
Occupy Wall Street began with a call to action on the blog of Vancouver-based advocacy magazine, Adbusters, in July. On Sept. 17, protesters began occupying a park near the New York Stock Exchange.
The protesters say they are taking their cue from the pro-democracy movements of the Arab Spring that have sprung up across North African and the Middle East. They are planning to return to Wall Street on Wednesday.
About 3,200 people “liked” the Toronto chapter’s Facebook page Sunday..”
The Occupy Together website notes that other rallies have been planned around the world, from around the United States into Mexico and dozens of European countries.
“We are the majority. We are the 99 per cent. And we will no longer be silent,” Occupy Wall Street said in a statement. “We are using the revolutionary Arab Spring tactic to achieve our ends and encourage the use of nonviolence to maximize the safety of all participants.”
During the weekend, similar protests broke out in several U.S. cities, including Los Angeles, Boston and Albuquerque, New Mexico. In Boston, 24 protesters were arrested. They face trespassing charges after a march on a Bank of America building.
One estimate said the Boston protest attracted 3,000 demonstrators.Khadim Hussain
The Most Dangerous Beast! - Poem by Khadim Hussain
The beast has the fangs of a Werewolf
The claws of a tiger.
It never rests, day or night
Once it scents it prey
There is no escape;
It is impossible to be distracted or deceived.
It has insatiable appetite,
Which cannot be satisfied
With a lunch or dinner.
Always on the hunt,
Prowling like a tiger,
Squeezes like the anaconda,
But thinks like a man.
It can survive in any terrain or climate,
The harsher, the more successful it is.
Its natural habitants are the slums
Of Calcutta, Bombay,
Slums of many third world countries.
Many countries developed nations
Think they have eradicated this beast
But it prowls again
Once condition for its natural habitant
Occurs, even temporarily.
The terrifying beast is
Hunger!
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
KhadSecond of three parts. In Part 1, family members recalled how Orange County high school student Jon Ludlow went from being an athlete to a loner who required psychiatric medication. He lost interest in socializing and spent his time playing online video games.
Treating Jon Ludlow's mental health problems would be an ongoing process of trial and error in the elusive quest for stability.
His mother, Melissa, made appointments with a psychiatrist and continually looked for therapists.
She was willing to do whatever it took to help her son regain balance as he began to face major depression and social anxiety disorder. The child of her close friend had committed suicide, and that story was always in the back of her mind.
Although Dave, the teen's father, had been counting on Melissa to look for a job when they moved to California, Melissa made Jon the focus of her attention.
"It wasn't a sacrifice," she said. "When your children are in need, you're there for them."
As Jon began to try the prescriptions for mental health medications, Melissa also moved back to Utah with him to see if that might help.
To her disappointment, he still felt isolated. One of the antidepressants — Lexapro — had made him gain weight, and he felt that people didn't recognize him.
After less than a year, she and her son returned to Orange County, where Dave had continued working.
*
Back in California, Jon attended online high school, as did several others in his church. With help from the medicine, he seemed fairly happy to his mom, albeit less than social.
He grew close with his older brother, Devin, who had moved home, discussing everything from politics to astronomy. But beyond relationships with his family members, Jon seemed poised to live a solitary life.
And then he fell in love.
A 17-year-old girl named Ivy Ho, photographed in a long-sleeved, pink blouse, caught his attention on an online dating service, Zoosk, so Jon messaged her.
At first, Ivy ignored him. But Jon persisted, paying a fee to message her again. To his parents' astonishment, he and Ivy planned a first date — and it went well.
Jon lacked a driver's license, but Melissa, whose son had hardly left his room in three years, gladly drove him the 40 minutes to pick Ivy up at home. The Ludlows lived in Aliso Viejo at the time.
The patient mother went shopping nearby as her son went on his first date, a movie at The Outlets at Orange.
Ivy had picked a horror film with hopes of holding onto Jon during the scary parts. But the nervous teen spent the whole time seated stoically upright with his hands placed firmly on his knees.
She hadn't realized he was so shy, but she wasn't dissuaded. Skinny, with her dark black hair shaped in a pixie cut, Ivy's bold personality defied her small size.
She persisted in efforts to make the date work with this stranger, listening after the movie ended as Jon began to open up to her in a frozen-yogurt shop.
Jon showed her the webbed space between his second and third fingers. He confided his plans to have surgery to fix it.
Ivy told him that was a silly idea. What made him unique should be embraced.
As they walked back to the car, she laced her fingers between his, a sight his mom glimpsed with joy before they saw her pulling up and let go.
*
To Ivy, who moved to the United States from Vietnam almost three years before, Jon seemed generous and understanding.
Recounting stories of their time as a couple, she smiles and laughs often — still full of love for Jon.
He bought her flowers and gave her chocolates. When they went to the beach, Jon wiped sand off of her feet. If her toes grew cold during a movie, he gave her his shoes.
Melissa and Dave were thrilled by the young love. Jon, whom others had cared for throughout so much of his life, seemed to have found the strength to take care of both himself and someone else.
She was the medicine he needed to feel strong, alive and complete, Jon would later write.
He got his driver's license. He enrolled in Orange Coast College in Costa Mesa. As class approached, he began making plans to move into his own apartment near South Coast Plaza.
In retrospect, the radical turnaround may have built up too many stresses for their son, but Jon's parents at the time saw only an increasingly happy young adult.
*
Melissa checked in on Jon by text nearly every day after he moved from the family's home. He messaged her about the electronic music he was making and told her that it helped him to relax. He reported back on expenditures for daily items like groceries and school supplies.
While Jon continued to have his struggles, the texts reassured her of his enduring resilience. He told his mom about a bad grade, his trouble focusing and a class he had to drop, but he also told her he looked forward to a computer science career, knew he hadn't handled the transition into college perfectly and wanted to figure out how to manage his schedule so he could study more. He even bought his own desk.
"I think or I know next semester will be better as I've learned from my mistakes," he wrote to her in mid-November. "Like keep taking my prozac so I stay stable. When im stable i can just get up and go, force myself to study etc. Can't forget that I spent 4 years a recluse because going outside made me sad about life. So I'm not disappointed but I'm motivated to take more next semester and keep up."
Still, Jon's sense of optimism could be shaky.
He experimented with the balance of his medication. Sometimes he took an extra Adderall, a stimulant commonly used to treat Attention Deficit and Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and it gave him trouble sleeping. He wanted to increase his dosage of Xanax, which is used to treat anxiety and panic disorder, because of the stress from his tests. He tried skipping Prozac, an antidepressant, and fell prey to his emotions: crying without clear cause and considering breaking up with Ivy.
"Every time I reach a distinct low," he wrote on Facebook in October, "I then can realize what I had when I was I was up high. I realize I need to get back to that. It's a journey every time to get out of that pit, to get out of that slump. but you know, maybe that's life and realizing if we don't feel these lows then you might just get numb to flying."
He wrote a few weeks later, "Just want consistency."
*
Every person on medication like Jon's has a story about stopping, explained Tom Loats, the director of behavioral medicine at St. Joseph's Hospital in Orange.
Different drugs cause different side effects. Weight gain. Dry mouth. Fuzzy thinking.
Patients must accept when they have a brain disease and work to control it, he said.
They must conquer whatever they are feeling with an understanding that a disease is causing those feelings — not an easy thing to do.
"It's a trade-off," Loats said. "You've got some pretty severe symptoms that wreak havoc on you and your brain disease, or you can settle for something that is an annoyance but is going to offer you some consistency and some rational thinking, some stable mood."
Even though Jon knew he should take the Prozac consistently, he hated the way it made him feel. The drugs made him disinterested in the world around him and "emotionally a bit numb," he messaged his mom in one instance, or "like a dull horrible veil of boring-ness," he said in another.
If he didn't take it, his mind felt clearer and faster, he said. He also worried that continuing to take it would make him feel suicidal.
In addition to the pills, Jon also had a medical marijuana card to help him handle the insomnia caused by the Adderall. He told Melissa that he tried to be careful with the marijuana strains he chose.
His mom remained the bedrock for him. He wanted to show her the new shampoo he had found. He thanked her for her support.
"Love my mom. Well.. (lol) I don't let her be my friend on fb cause that's awkward," he posted on Facebook, adding an image of a smiley face, "but she is probably the best mom in the world and anyone close to me could agree. Always supporting when I need it the most."
*
In December, Jon decided to take a two-week break from Xanax and Adderall.
Then, on Dec. 12, Melissa received a text that he planned to stop taking Prozac too, but he promised to slowly taper off.
Instead, his parents came to believe, Jon quit taking the medicine cold turkey. His thoughts became increasingly less rational. His speech grew manic.
"Hi I feel so anxious no xanax or adderall and I think Ivy is getting tired of my racing mid so we'd love to come down to relax etc.," he wrote to his mom on Dec. 18. "Kind o feeling some heavy withdrawal from that an dprozac too. Feeling realy paranoid and stuff."
His doctor had left town for vacation. No one was on call, so his mom wasn't able to schedule an appointment for him until January.
Each day brought a new problem to solve. On Jan. 3, Jon, now 19 years old, ran out of gas and sat on the roadside listening to music until his mom called to check on him. He refused to stay at his parent's home that night.
He told them he wanted to sleep at his apartment, but he drove to Las Vegas, later insisting bands wanted to meet with him and had been communicating with him through patterns on his phone. His family scurried to retrieve him and bring him home.
*
The day Jon didn't communicate with her, Melissa arrived at his apartment along with Ivy to find her fears confirmed. The room stood empty.
Still, Jon couldn't have gone far, she thought, thankful that she and her husband had confiscated the keys to their teenager's car after his trip to Las Vegas. He had also lost the bike they had lent him.
She and Ivy patrolled the nearby streets and called the local game stores. No luck. They decided to swing by Jon's apartment in the South Coast Metro area once again.
Pulling toward the building's gate, she overheard a taxi driver talking excitedly with a security guard about a tenant who had jumped from his car without paying the cab fare.
She asked for details.
A white guy wearing jeans ditched a $150 fare, the cab driver said, turning toward Melissa to see a rectangular face of striking resemblance to the suspect's, framed by straight blond hair that reached just below her shoulders.
The conjecture was immediate. That suspect was Jon.
Melissa paid the fare, adding to a $300 charge Jon had made during an impromptu shopping spree at Forever 21 the day before, Jan. 6. The driver canceled the call he'd placed to the police.
Soon joined by her husband and Devin, she and Ivy continued their search. When they returned later, the light in his apartment had been turned on. Melissa parked the car on the street and cut the engine.
Ivy, with whom he had broken up days before, went to try to talk with him.Join Date: May 2005
Location: North Carolina
Posts: 364
Mentioned: 0 Post(s)
Tagged: 0 Thread(s)
Quoted: 0 Post(s)
I have had a vaginal,C/S and then a VBAC birth.
Sharon wife to my hero James and momma to Kaitlyn 17, Tayler 15 and Anna 7.fur momma to Kami pit/boxer mix.>>
3 years ago by Joe Bannan
Sometimes 01:49 → 02:04
3 years ago by Jessica Hale
Sometimes 00:37 → 00:57
4 years ago by Tina Lowenthal
Sometimes 01:52 → 02:02
4 years ago by Brittany B.
Sometimes 00:55 → 01:17
4 years ago by Ashleu Kennedy
Recent app creations...
00:37→00:432 years ago
00:37→01:073 years ago
02:09→02:493 years ago
00:00→00:303 years ago
00:37→01:063 years ago
Lyrics For "Sometimes"
We're sorry, but we don't have lyrics available for this song. Please check back later.Lovely miniature cup and saucer marked Spode bone china,England, fine porcelain, pattern name marked on the bottom Colonel (green), two pieces in very good condition. The saucer measures 2 & 1/2" across and the cup is 1 & 3/4" across and 1" tall. Lovely set from a local estate.
Catholic Medals Statues Religious Art Antiques Jewelry Pastor and Bruna Kajiya - Rise or Fall
A Kitesurfing video by keltron - 2,792 views
airush.com
Get the best of Mpora straight to your inbox
What Do You Think?!
-.
- Intramural Basketball All-Star Games Time: 7:00p - 9:00p Location: Knott Arena Details:
IM Basketball All Star Games - 7pm: Men's NIT All-Star Game followed at 8pm with Men's Championship All-Star GameDividends are always an important aspect to consider when investing. However, it is necessary to make sure that your investment is wisely balancing its free cash flow between dividend payments and capital expenditures. Marathon Oil (NYSE: MRO ) is one energy company that has been keenly aware of focusing on striking the optimal balance. Its yield is a close match for the majority of its competition, and management has been improving the solvency of the company's balance sheet to ensure growth initiatives will have the necessary capital to be explored. Tune in to the video below, where Fool energy analyst, Taylor Muckerman, provides a broader perspective on how Marathon is accomplishing this goal, and what it means for total returns and future prospects for shareholders.
Exelon, with its best-in-class dividend, has been in the news, regarding the sustainability of its distributions to shareholders, after its third-quarter release. Management has been targeting debt reductions and strategically trimming future capital expenditures in order to maintain both its dividend and credit rating..or Join Now!
« back to Woodworking Skill Share forum
Cathy Krumrei
home | projects | blog
364 posts in 3085 days
11-20-2007 06:54 PM
Topic tags/keywords:
lathe
question
4
way
chuck
Well, I WAS going to do a project on my lathe. But for saftey reasons I decided not to continue until I know some answers. I wanted to try the icicles but my 4 way chuck is fighting me all the way! LOL I have the piece on the machine and when I go to put the wood on I can’t seem to get the chucks up against the wood properly. hmmm I had turned them to have the longer part hold the piece and maybe my problem is the pieces isn’t big enough but it is SO close to being there! But saftey first. One of the ? I have is how tight is the nuts on the other side suppose to be..hand or wrench tightened? It would be nice to have a video on the proper way to attach. From A-Z. On the other side of the chucks (maybe wrong wording) there is 3 steps for differant sizes of wood. But man I am leary about that on holding the wood. Maybe I am being to cautious but power tools can hurt! So any information I’ll be watching for and then I can do some fun stuff. I didn’t know where to ask so I just added it here. If there is a folder to ask..let me know and I’ll put things in there which I’m sure will be used alot by me. (yup a real novice here!)Thanks!Krum
oscorner
4564 posts in 3210 days
#1 posted 11-20-2007 07:10 PM
What brand of 4 way chuck do you have? This link might help if you have a Nova chuck: ,. and. I hope this helps. I have a three jaw that uses two handles that I insert and twist to tighten the jaws. The jaws move together whether tightening or loosening.
-- Jesus is Lord!
Dick, & Barb Cain
8693 posts in 3198 days
#2 posted 11-23-2007 07:16 PM
Hi Krum.I was just looking at some videos on glue tube, by Fine woodworking, & I noticed a lot of videos on turning.
Check this out.
-- -** You are never to old to set another goal or to dream a new dream ****************** Dick, & Barb Cain, Hibbing, MN.
#3 posted 11-24-2007 01:23 PM
Thanks for the videos. I decided to take a break and go back later to see what I was doing wrong. I discovered I had put the “pins” in wrong. Sometimes you try TOO hard. So now I got past that part and will enjoy seeing these videos and learn more. Thanks for the information.Video Interview: Richelle Mead
Tue, 06/04/2013 - 2:06pm — admin
At this year's RT Convention, RT's Morgan had the pleasure of sitting down with author Richelle Mead. Known for writing fantastic paranormal romances, Mead is releasing Gameboard of the Gods today. In this interview, the author talks about her new novel — the start of a futuristic series featuring a military heroine who teams up with a government agent who is living in exile. Mead calls the story a slow burning romance, with much more to come. Plus, the author discusses news about the upcoming Vampire Academy movie!
Richelle Mead talks Gameboard of the Gods >>
More From The RT BOOK REVIEWS Video Channel >>
Genre:GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- The world of healthcare is changing on almost every front from new technology to new reform laws.
Those pressing issues and changes the industry are why Nurture by Steelcase is bringing together health leaders, design experts and key industry players to talk about the future of healthcare.
The Steelcase healthcare-focused brand is doing that with a 13-city tour that kicked off in Indianapolis earlier this month, and will finish in Houston in April.
During the stops, the team is meeting with professionals who work in healthcare environments, and those who plan and design them, said Jason Vanderground of Nurture, manager of brand communications for Nurture.
Vanderground describes the sessions as for anyone who is interested in how healthcare environments can be improved.
Each event is being tailored to match the market but overall focus on sharing insights on which healthcare trends to prioritize in the coming year, and sharing the results of recently released State of Clinicians & Nurses Report.
The team has been talking to clinicians about their experiences, and ways to reduce their injuries which was an issue highlighted in a recent study commissioned by Steelcase.
He said what researchers learned from watching nurses perform bed-to-chair transfer led to Empath, Nurture’s award-winning recliner designed to meet the needs of both the caregiver and patient.
“In health care, it is so important to get patients out of bed into chair,” said Vanderground, noting that sometimes during the process, patients can get bruised and nurses can get injured or hurt their back or neck from moving heavier patients.
The Nurture team is letting designers experience those issues first-hand with the use of leg braces and a Third Age Suit, which lets the user feel what it is like to move with age-related issues from mobility to vision limitations.
“We feel that more we can empathize with the patient, we are able to create a better experience,” Vanderground said.
The visits have been well-received, said Vanderground. The Nurture team often goes to conferences from NeoCon to TEDMED to make similar connections, Vanderground likes the idea of meeting with people in their own environments.
“There is something about going to the city and meeting people where they are,” said Vanderground. “We think its important to go and meet on their own turf.”
RELATED:
• How Steelcase's Nurture brand is bringing TEDMED conversation on health care to Grand Rapids
• Video games for research, wearable computers intrigue TEDMED participants
Shandra Martinez covers business for MLive/The Grand Rapids Press. Email her or follow her on Twitter @shandramartinez.For
documentation, click the following links:
Quick Reference
Users' Guide
Troubleshooting Guide
The Company provides as part of its technology platform an electronic mail (e-mail) system for use by
employees and other authorized persons in order to enhance the timeliness, quality, and performance of their
work. As such, the e-mail system should be used in a professional, business appropriate manner for
work related
projects only. For the purposes of this policy, e-mail refers to both electronic and printed versions of an
All computers provided by the Company and the data stored on them are and remain at all times the property of
the Company. For the purposes of this policy, the term computers includes but is not limited to desktop
computers, laptop computers, personal communication devices (PCDs), and mobile phones with messaging
capabilities. As such, all e-mail messages, whether stored, composed, sent, or received on these devices also
remain the property of the Company, regardless of whether the e-mail was sent over a Company internal
network or some other medium such as the internet.
An employee's use of the Company e-mail system constitutes the employee's acknowledgment of the
Company's right to access, and a waiver of the employee's privacy interest, if any, all messages, data, or files
on Company-owned or provided computers and other devices. While the Company does not monitor e-mail
messages as a routine practice, the Company reserves the right to access and disclose the contents of e-mail
for any business purpose. Therefore, e-mail should not be considered private nor should you expect it to be.
Electronic messages should be limited to the conduct of Company business and/or
Company-sponsored activities. E-mail may not be used for any other activities
such as, but not limited to:
Other considerations when using e-mail include but are not limited to:
Employees learning of any misuse of the e-mail system or violations of this Policy shall first notify their
supervisor who will, in turn notify their local Human Resources Manager or their Regional Legal Counsel.
/P>
Company employees who participate in inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of the e-mail system or are
otherwise in violation of this Policy shall be subject to discipline as appropriate under the circumstances up to
and including termination.
The following items pertain to e-mail retention and storage:hand crafted glass art jewelry
Recent Tweets
- Baby Taylor McKnight ........what a beautiful girl!!!
- Jaime wonders if this is a puppy?
- So true!!!!
- Buddy looks so handsome on our Rays couch! He says..... GO RAYS!!!!!!!
- Buddy is ready to play poolside! He says.. Rays Up!!!!!
- My throne awaits! Time to get ready for the Rays game by the pool!!!!
- 1 game out of FIRST PLACE! Rays Up!!!!!
- So true!
- Look how happy Buddy & Bethie are!
- Buddy was very scarred during the lightening! How did he do this so fast?How do you justify preaching anti-protectionism to the world when you’ve just blocked a huge foreign takeover in your own backyard?
- AFP/Getty Images
- James Flaherty at last week’s APEC meeting in Kyoto, Japan. interview
Mr. Flaherty described Canada as a “wide open foreign direct investment opportunity, and said FDI flows into the country, including from China, has been “very substantial” in the past year.
For the latest news and analysis, follow @WSJAsiaWar.".
Advertisement below
U.S. journalist freed in Iran, attorney says
Israel’s Insane War on Iran Must Be Prevented.
Netanyahu Pushes the United States to Make War on Iran: Will Obama Say No?
The Internet Declares War On The Church Of Scientology.
Obama Declares war on Texas: A ‘NO FLY ZONE’ will be put in place.
GOP declares war on the middle class
Gates Warns U.S. Lacks Strategy on Iran Nukes
Obama meets Saudi King Abdullah 'Planning War On Iran 2010 Summer?'
U.S. Threatens "War on Terror" Allies Over CIA Kidnapping and Torture Programs
U.S. sitting in on Iran nuke talks
U.S. intel report on Iran was political: BoltonSan Diego craft brewers featured in new documentary series
Ian Anderson 5 p.m., May 21
In the world of Surfer Blood, major-label maturity seems to mean stripping away the reverb that drenched your first album and, lyrically, graduating from middle school to high school.
Anybody who bought this album on the strength of the lead-off track and first single, "Demon Dance," is sure to be a tad disappointed, as nothing else on the album rocks as hard or proves as catchy. That is not to say the remaining nine tracks are throwaways, it's just that "Demon Dance" is one of the best songs of the year. If you are looking for your ca. 1993 alt-rock summer hummer, you have found it here.
Whereas "Demon Dance" is pure crunchy rock, the remainder of Pythons is pop sprinkled with the occasional edgy embellishment.
Surfer Blood's influences are easy to spot. Take the song "I Was Wrong," for example: the ’50s song template on steroids via Weezer, random yelling via the Pixies, and the crooning ache of Morrissey all in one three-and-a-half-minute package. The craziest homage, though, may be "Say Yes to Me," which sounds so much like the Smoking Popes that royalties (or at least a shout-out) are due.
Surfer Blood ain’t reinventing the wheel on Pythons, they’re just making the type of wheel that Weezer stopped making when they picked up Vanilla Ice’s bass player.
Or login with:
OpenIDOn Sat, 2010-01-23 at 19:38 +0800, Majian? --- Yes we do it's "libGmail". You can get it from google code repo. Also compatable with CentOS 5 > Python. It's a python libary btw. JohnNational accountancy and advisory firm RSM Tenon is set reduce staff numbers by 10% and close offices in a bid to make cost savings of around £14 million annually.
RSM Tenon said the savings programme, which has already begun, was necessary as it had failed to reduce costs in the aftermath of its acquisitions of RSM Bentley Jennison and national IFA Vantis.
It said: ‘We have concluded that the restructuring, cost savings and efficiency measures which followed those acquisitions were not sufficiently comprehensive and did not take full advantage of the potential synergies.’
The restructuring programme was announced after RSM Tenon posted a loss on continuing operations of £70.6 million, after impairment of goodwill of £60.7 million, for the last six months of 2011 compared to a £1.9 million loss in the equivalent period last year.
Tenon’s accounts also revealed that in the last six months of 2011 it spent a further £4.3 million on costs relating to a settlement agreed with the Financial Services Authority (FSA) after an enquiry into its financial advice arm dating back to 2010.
In February 2010 the FSA fined Tenon £700,000 for flaws with its advice on Lehman-backed structured products.
Tenon said: ‘We have recorded as an exceptional item of £4.3 million of costs arising from the settlement agreement reached with the FSA in February 2010 in the financial management service line and £1.5 million of acquisition and operational review costs resulting from ongoing actions taken in relation to acquisitions.’
The restructuring programme will cost the firm £6 million.
RSM Tenon chairman Adrian Martin said the firm had made progress since it hit the headlines it January when its share price fell 28% in a day after it issued a profit warning and the departure of its chief executive.
‘Significant progress has been made since our 23 January 2012 trading update. The financial review has been completed, the prior year accounts restated, funding is in place to October and a new chief executive has been appointed.
‘Our executive team is fully focused on restoring the business to profitability. We are grateful to all of our people for their continuing loyalty and client service.’
Following today's news shares in RSM Tenon dipped by 0.05p, or 0.8% to stand at 6.2p, well below their 12-month high of 46p.The Terry, the group’s leader, still choked up from the win. It’s not a surprise to most viewers that Committed ended up as champions. They’ve been a favorite since the show began a couple of weeks ago.
Second place went to Nashville rockers Street Corner Symphony, who maintained their quality showmanship and authenticity throughout the short season. Even during this final episode, the six singers rendered Coldplay’s “Fix You” into beautiful a cappella harmonies.
Jerry Lawson and the Talk of the Town ended up on the bottom, probably because the 66-year-old singer is aging before our eyes. After filming the first few episodes, he came back for Monday night’s finale with a cane (which the costumers decorated to coordinate with each outfit). Adorable little Kenton Chen also had to go home with his West Coast group, the Backbeats. They certainly belonged in the finale–it’s impressive to see a co-ed group that can hold its own against fuller, deeper, all-male ones. They were the most pop-savvy, but didn’t have the soul and emotion of the others.
Before The Sing-Off announced the big news about who won and who was going home, they spent two hours killing time by having the four finalists sing with the judges and other musical celebrities.
The judges–Shawn Stockton, Ben Folds and Nicole Scherzinger–chimed in on the all-group version of “Put a Little Love in Your Heart.” Boys II Men and Committed really sounded like one group when they shared the stage to sing Boys II Men’s “Motown Philly.” Former UCLA a cappella singer turned star Sara Bareillas joined the Backbeats. Even though Nicole Schlerzinger and Jerry Lawson and the Talk of the Town were my least favorite judges and finalist, they were my favorite celebrity performers with “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough.” Ben Folds and Street Corner Symphony did his hit “Gone,” which I sang along too loudly to gauge how they sounded.
The groups also took the stage with Sheryl Crow and Neil Diamond, who seemed to be there at least in part to promote new albums. Sheryl Crow even played the guitar, even though it wasn’t necessary with 20 a cappella singers crooning behind her.
Because it’s just a few days before Christmas, they also kicked off a feel-good segment with a version of “What Christmas Means to Me”… led by Nick Lachey.
Each of the groups visited a school or community center to sing “songs of hope,” which they also performed before the judges.
For me, it was an adequately sing-y finale and the right group won. To prove it: Here are some of their performances from this season.
What do you think?
You’re right, the right group won. It was theirs to lose.
All the groups were good but from their very first performance, I think everyone just knew they were it.
And the cool thing is, they have a legitimate chance to do well with their record deal. They’re the real deal.
Its show that you can do all things through christ who strengthens us. Faith can carry a true believer of our lord in jesus christ a long way
OMG! This group is awesome. The new generation Boyz to Men, they are the total package. I was in tears the first time they performed… I am ready now to purchase their music
Any idea why Sheryl Crow brought her guitar? It was a brown shoes-tuxedo moment. Someone buy her a clue.
I like the groups in the finale. Although Committed is good, i’ll never buy their cds. I am more likely to buy something from streetcorner symph since they sound like a regular group on the rAdio. Jerry lawson is good but i thought too old- wouldnt my grandma love it? I was always curious what the backbeats (and u of oregon) would do next… They were fun to watch on the show
I felt from the beginning that this group would win, but am a little disappointed, wondering if they lost some of their “committed-ness” by going secular. Gospel music genre has a large arena for a cappella music and it is some of the most beautiful. I hope they return to their roots for their recording!
It’s so sad that someone would diss Jerry Lawson. He can sing better that a lot of artists that are out today even at his age. Doo Wopp and Acapella is the truth, so make sure you do your homeowrk before you diss a living legend. Go and get the persuasions albums listen ab=nd be blown away! I love all real music especially peope who can flat footed sing. Turn off the radio and find your listening ear and you will see that the businesss is about image more than talent.
I preferred the Street Corner Symphony group. I hope they can get some commercial success from their appearance on this show.
In this time of auto-tuned nymphets and pretty boys passing for musicians, all these groups were a breath of fresh air. Congratulations to all!
Committed you are a group of anointed young men. You brought tears to my eyes everytime I heard you sing. You are an inspiration to young black men because you displayed what hard work and dedication can bring. You are the next Take 6 gospel group. God bless each and everyone of you and I look forward to purchasing your music!
Commited would take you to a different level. I was happy to see them pointing to heaven to thank God for winning. They are young and have so much potential. They are really commited in what they are doing.
Yes! I missed the very last 10 minutes of the show (sad right? Like, the biggest moment, and I missed it. Anyone know where I could find the show online?) But, since the beginning, I have been committed to Committed
They were awesome! I didn’t think Jerry Lawson should win, he’s already had his chance at being famous, lived it. He shouldn’t have been able to take that chance away from those who deserve to have it and haven’t gotten it yet. It’s good he lost, to me at least.
I’m happy that they’ve done so well, but it also saddens me to see a group of “christians” “sda’s” going head first into the very thing we are trying to keep our young people out of, the devil’s territory. Secular music is not something we… should be seeking to get into. Y seek fame & fortune when you should be seeking the kingdom of God? All these so called music artists are nothing more than satan’s mouth pieces, looring our youth into worship the anti-christ.
Nota, last season’s winners were also of an SDA church, but they chose to be of the world as well. We gotta pray 4 our youth. Satan is using music to trick our youth into worshiping him, and they dont even know it cuz the youth is so desensitized and clueless to what it all really means.
COMMITTED KNOWS that God was NOT the one that directed them to where they are at this moment, satan is the one that has put them where they are. They know what EGWhite says about worldly music, but they just chose to ignore it and give their eternal life up for fame and a few bucks here on earth temporarily….ssssoooo sad!!!
As friends and classmate of the winners (OAKWOOD UNIVERSITY!!!!!) I’m so proud of each and every one of them. I hope and pray they stay in the Gospel Genre and stay “committed”
This real music talent. I love all of them.
No..No…No……!
I wish these shows would STOP letting the public pick the winner! Only folks who have been on stage… Performed and/or arranged vocal arrangements should pick. Yes, I just got home from playing a ‘Standing Ovation’ jam with some of the best players in the city… Traveled coast to coast in groups performing strong instrumentals and 5 part vocals.
SCS was the weakest. Nothing new and the lead singer missed way too many notes and runs. Nothing new and creative. Mr. Lawson was fun to hear, but I would hear his type all the time when I played the Vegas circuit.
committed was terrific… Yes, another boyz ll men… That’s my point. Heard it before.
that leaves the Backbeats….. WOW! Their incredibly creative and melancholy arrangement of Landslide was musical genius. They were innovative…new… incredibly intricate and emotion provoking.
I would bet that the judges would have picked them… Committed a close second. You can tell from their comments about each group.. They know the real talent!
I am not completely awed with confusion that Committed won… But, SCS and Jerry were just not in their caliber.
So… America… the people who actually purchase Kelly Clarkson CDs… Yikes!.. You Blew it.
TV Producers.. Please, let the panel choose the winner from now on!
I’m going to listen to the Backbeats ‘Landslide’ again… Mesmerizing!
I tried watching this program…twice already…I think it’s a pretty lame show, just like the skating thing…just my opinion…
My opinion: they did NOT spend those two hours “killing time”. It gave us all a chance to listen to some awesome singing, and was (again my opinion) well worth it. And yes, my favorite performance was the one with Nicole and Jerry.
~EdT.
@JstDz said: COMMITTED KNOWS that God was NOT the one that directed them to where they are at this moment, satan is the one that has put them where they are.
And who made you their judge?
Actually, I think the judgmental anonymity through the Internet is Satan’s mouthpiece, JstDz.
I hate reality television competitions, but I watched this season of The Sing Off and loved every minute of it (except for Groove For Thought since that be-bop-scooby-doo-wah isn’t my cup of tea). Honestly, I would have been happy with any of the final four winning, but Committed earned it. Not one bad performance. But my favorite performance of this mini-season was SCS’s cover of Down on the Corner.
We enjoyed this show because we didn’t have to suffer through 10 weeks of worthless filler; no talentless hacks or mentally-troubled wanderers were humiliated; the judges didn’t act like they thought they were the stars of the show; Nick Lachey didn’t goof around to draw undue attention to himself; the caliber of talent was outstanding from the first note sung; there was no malicious “drama” between the contestants, or between the contestants and the judges; and the finalists all deserved to be there.
Unlike a certain other singing show I’m thinking of.
I was totally blown away when I saw Committed performed their first song on the show. They are a very talented and versatile group and I expect to hear more from them in the future. Congrats to Committed!!! In viewing the four finalists’ performances last week, I thought the judges were very fair (unlike judges’ decisions I’ve seem in American Idol and DWTS). I admired their decision in keeping the four groups for the finals, because that was very tough. I can’t wait to see the next season. I really loved and enjoyed watching the talent in this show.
I am absolutely stunned at some of the opinions I’ve seen here. Whoever said this show/music is the devil’s doings is totally out of line. The devil has nothing to do with this. The young men who won will go on and do marvelous things, both gospel and secular, and probably reach people who would never have heard about God otherwise. Some of you religious fanatics need to come down off that high horse, because he’s taking you for a ride down the wrong path.
To whoever said Jerry Lawson is old and already had his chance: Are you KIDDING? Who died and made YOU God? Jerry Lawson is a legend, and that show was lucky to have him, because he drew people who would never have watched that show without him.
To whoever said that SCS was weak and didn’t deserve to be in the finals: Again, are you KIDDING? They were the coolest, most soulful group on that show. They have very bright futures ahead of them. In fact, they were my favorites from the get-go.
Whoever said the Backbeats deserved to win: Well, that’s just your opinion. Admittedly, they were good, and they deserved to be there. But they were no better than some of the other groups. They just had the good fortune of being from the L.A. area, so they had lots of fans in the audience to make the judges think they were the best. They were definitely NOT better than SCS or Committed.
I TOTALLY agree with everything you said about Committed, SCS, and the Backbeats. Well said.
WHAT??????: I totally agree with everything you said about Committed, SCS, and Backbeats. well said.
I am in total agreement as well. My 2 faves were SCS and Committed and I am sure they both will go on to do much more thanks to the exposure from this show.
I’m a former student also from Oakwood University, where Committed is originally from. The media makes statements to bring attention and to sell, sell, sell. Trust me, Committed has not gone secular. Committed was asked to show what they can do as far as variety goes on the program, but I’m sure when the CD comes out, it will be religious.
It is better to be Hot or Cold than to be Luke warm as God will spew you out….Read the bible.
Also it says ” Be not conformed but be ye transformed” You cannot serve 2 Gods. So in saying this, if Committed says that they are committed to God, they need to represent who they serve: The one and only true God. “Be ye holy for I am holy” If God does not get the glory and edification out of what you do, WHY DO IT!”The Joys of Journal Writing
If you’ve followed this blog, you know I am a journal writer. A the end of the past year, I decided to gather my journals from the various shelves, nooks, and crannies where they’re tucked and put them all into a plastic container. I want to store them under my bed, an easy place to get to them and begin taking them out one at a time for re-reading.
Tonight I discovered that I had vastly underestimated the size of container needed. I have approximately thirty-five years of journals, and the container I bought that fits under the bed will only hold ten years worth.
I began journal writing in my early twenties. There were no journal writing teachers or classes or gurus like there are now. Nor, as far as I knew, the term journal writer. I thought more in terms of diary, until I read about the journals kept by one of my favorite authors, Catherine Marshall. Mrs. Marshall used simple spiral bound notebooks, and this simple idea inspired me. I had no idea that my compulsive journal writing was a clue to my being a writer.
Day after day, year after year I have written my heart on lined pages. In the first writing course that I took, mystery writer and teacher Carolyn Hart required the class to keep a journal, and to turn it in. There were moans from the younger students around me, but I smiled, eager to do something that came naturally to me. I wasn’t about to turn in my real journal, of course, so I kept a second, far less intimate one.
Sometime in the late 1980s, A friend gave me The Artist Way, by Julia Cameron. Morning pages is Cameron’s famous tool for connecting to creativity. I wanted to keep a second notebook, or just write on legal tablets what was likely to be an abundance of gibberish flowing out, and best thrown away. Yet mostly I wrote in my journals. I discovered that I had pretty much been letting my thoughts flow for years into my journals– my thoughts, my struggles, frustrations, heartaches, and, more and more, my hopes, dreams, and joys. And I never have thrown them away.
If you are a journal writer, you might find interesting the video below, by Christian Baldwin, author and journal writer. She offers some intriguing suggestions to get you started and deepen your journal writing.
Blessings,
CurtissAnn
Trackbacks & Pingbacks
I LOVE anything written about writing Journals!
We are compulsive ‘scribblers’, we are! I’m grateful to realize I’m reaping benefits from all those years of scribbling in my journals.
Sending hugs, CurtissAnn
Dear, Dear CurtissAnn,
Here you go again, talking to me and telling me what I should be doing, just when I need to hear it. I have always made half hearted attempts at journaling throughout my whole life. After a few days, life (or laziness) would get in the way, and journaling went by the wayside. I have about as many journals as you do, but they each only have a few pages of dialogue. I should have combined them, and saved a lot of paper and money!!! But in the past couple of years I have gotten much better at writing down my thoughts and feelings. As I am going through this Alzheimer’s journey with my Mother, I realize how fragile the memory bank is, and I don’t want to lose a single minute of it. i have journaled more in the past three years than I have in all of the past thirty! It has recently become even clearer how important this journaling can be. I have just found a journal that mom wrote over several years. Stories of her early life that was never shared before. Stories that I wish we could have talked about. Stories that can only come to life in my own imagination. Who knows, maybe someday it could be a “bestseller”. No, it will be like the other books and journals that I have started and never completed. All tucked away in my head. But I do need to work on that journal for my own girls to have one day. Thank you for your inspiration and your nudgings! Hugs!! Carolyn
Carolyn– now listen here :)– don’t let skipping days, weeks, even months or years discourage you about journal writing. Now you’ve seen and felt how wonderful it is, the great benefit it provides. What a gift, the writings from your mother! Any bit you write is a gift from yourself to yourself and your children. When you have a block of time that you don’t write, just start writing again. That’s what I’ve done all these years. I made a promise with myself early on that I would not require I write every day or even every week. If time went by, I’d just pick up again. That freed me from guilt, and so I’ve written. As Jo said, “Journal writing is good for the soul.” It will strengthen you and help you through this difficult time with your mother.
I’m excited to have journal writing buddies!
THANK YOU!!!!! my dear sweet and very wise friend. You put things in perspective, bring tears to my eyes, and lighten the soul all at the same tme.
A blogger = current day pen pal. Love ya girl!
Wonderful post! I’ve been journaling since I was a little girl, back when it was called a diary. Unfortunately, my mother, and years later, an ex-boyfriend didn’t respect my privacy and routinely read my writings without permission. Around 2001 I finally began journaling again. 3 years later during a nasty breakup with a different ex-boyfriend, he threw out all but 3 journals I’d had throughout my lifetime, including the one I wrote in on September 11th (and days after) and my first gardening journal (the only 2 I still mourn not having). I know what’s in those other old, lost journals and honestly, I was going to purge those volumes from my life but it still upsets me even at times now that I wasn’t the one to dispose of them and that someone else did so instead of me, someone who before throwing them away probably violated them as my mother and other ex-boyfriend did. That bothers me deeply. But, not having the pain that was held in many of those volumes in my life any more is also at the same time liberating. I’ve been journaling consistenly now since 2004 and if I don’t jourñal for two or more weeks at a clip, I become very cranky and out of sorts! Journaling is good for the soul!
Oh, Jo, what a writer you are– only a writer keeps scribbling all the time, year after year– and so bold and brave and trusting to keep journaling in the face of the memory of having the journal violated. It’s a pleasant thing to be here and know that you, too, are journalling there. Hugs, CA
Thank you CurtissAnn! Your kindness always warms my heart!
I’ll be watching the video. I’m no writer, but I journal, and then I “scratch”. The “scratch” is the unrelated miscellaneous thoughts that clutter my head. I find if I put them down in writing, it frees up brain space!
You are a writer, Nola. A writer ‘scratches’. The old term was ‘scribbler’. In addition to my daily journals, I keep a notebook handy to write down all manner of thoughts: things to do, quotes, ideas. Sometimes I can only grab a Post-it pad or envelope. And yes, it frees up brain space! :)January 31, 2011
Robert E. Black Receives Prince Mahidol Award
Robert E. Black, MD, MPH, recieved the Prince Mahidol Award in the field of Public Health, which recognizes “outstanding contribution in the field of public health for the sake of the well-being of the peoples.” Black, who is chair and Edgar Berman Professor in International Health at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, was recognized for his outstanding work on zinc supplementation. His studies in Bangladesh, India, Peru and Zanzibar demonstrated that daily zinc supplementation significantly reduced the severity of diarrhea and pneumonia. Throughout his career, Black has focused his research and activities on reducing the unnecessary deaths of children worldwide from infectious diseases and malnutrition. Black shares this year’s award with Ananda S. Prasad of Wayne State University and Kenneth H. Brown of the University of California at Davis. The $50,000 prize was conferred on the recipients by His Majesty the King of Thailand Bhumibol Adulyadej, at a ceremony in Bangkok on January 26, 2011.
The Prince Mahidol Award was established in honor of the late Prince Mahidol of Songka, the Royal Father of His Majesty the King of Thailand. Prince Mahidol modernized medical services and education in Thailand and is known to the country as the “Father of Modern Medicine and Public Health.”
“The Prince Mahidol Award is a tremendous honor and well-deserved recognition of Bob Black's contributions and commitment to improve the lives of children worldwide,” said Michael J. Klag, MD, MPH, dean of the Johns Hopkins currently has active projects in Bangladesh, Ethiopia, India, Peru, Uganda and Zanzibar..
Alfred Sommer, MD, MHS, professor and dean emeritus of the Bloomberg School, received the Prince Mahidol Award in 1997 for his vitamin A discoveries.
Public Affairs media contact: Natalie Wood-Wright at 410-614-6029 or nwoodwri@jhsph.edu.The Gaels Field Hockey Club U19 team, Ranked #7 in the Country, took 1st place at the Region 7 Regional Club Championships in Columbia, Maryland over Easter Weekend by going 4-0 and beating H2O, Howard Stampede, Washington Wolves and Freedom. The Gaels will attend the National Club Championships for 5th straight year in an effort to move up even higher in the club rankings.
Front row: L-R Heather Meeder (Notre Dame Prep), Courtney Johnson (Chesapeake)
Next row: L-R - Jordan Latham (Chesapeake), Caroline Doll (PA), Alyssa O’Tolle (Old Mill), Andi Weinberg (Roland Park), Tatiana Bodnar (Old Mill), Emily Lemanski (Seton Keough), Blaine Donnelly (Spalding), Karly Campbell (Spalding)
Joan Johnson (Coach), McKenna Dunmyer (Chesapeake), Emily Meuss (Brussells, Belgium), Anna Bauer (Chesapeake), Ashleigh Myers (Chesapeake), Katie Audino (Seton Keough) , Ali Gakenheimer (Charlotte, N.C.), Kathleen Meuss (Brussels, Belgium), Erin Shanahan (Spalding), Kelly Shanahan (Coach)
The 2014-15 Gaels Indoor Tryouts wrapped up on Sunday, September 7th. THANK YOU to everyone who came to tryouts, ready to play. We saw lots of energy and love for the game, and while we don't want to wish away the fall season of outdoor FH, we are anxious for indoor to start!!
Teams for 2014-15 will be announced via an email invitation to players earning a roster spot. These emails will be sent during the week of 21-28 September. Please respond promptly upon receipt of the email to ensure your spot. Declined spots will be offered to waitlisted players.
If you missed tryouts and are interested in the Gaels FHC, please contact Joan Johnson (410.905.0596) or Kelly Shanahan (240.461.2982).
GO GAELS!!!
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
REMINDER: The Gaels Field Hockey Club will hold its second tryout for the 2014-15 Indoor Season this SUNDAY! We offer young girls the opportunity to continue their game year-round with a competitive level of tournament play. We seek out the most competitive tournaments in the Maryland/Virginia/Delaware/Pennsylvania areas to bring out the best in team play.
WHEN: Sunday September 7th (If you missed the first session, it's not too late--be there this Sunday! If you attended the first tryout, you should still attend this weekend; please bring your pinnie with you!!))
U10, U12 & U14: 8:00am - 10:00am U16 & U19: 10:00am - 12:00pm
WHERE: Benfield Sportscenter 1031 Benfield Blvd, Millersville, MD 21108
To register, click here
TRYOUT fee is $45 cash or check on day of tryouts, or $50 on line. (Fee covers both tryout dates) Even if you plan to pay at tryouts, please register online and select the "pay at site" option.
Questions? Call Joan Johnson (410.905.0596) or Kelly Shanahan (240.461.2982)
USA Field Hockey recently updated its national rankings of U19 and U16 outdoor club teams and the Gaels have placed in the Top 25 in both age groups! The rankings, dated August 5th, 2014, have the Gaels U16 squad as #14 out of 124 teams in the U.S. and Canada; U16 is also the #1 team in Maryland! Our U19 squad is #21 out of 150 teams in the U.S. and Canada, and #4 in Maryland. Way to go Gaels!
Congratulations again to The Gaels U19 Erin Shanahan for being selected to the 2014 USA Field Hockey Junior National Camp - as one of the top 100 U-21 field hockey athletes in the country. This is the second time Erin has been invited to attend; she previously went in 2013. Erin earned her invitation as a result of her hard work in the USA FH Futures and Futures Elite programs. She was also a 2013 Junior Olympian. Congrats Erin!
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The U19 Gaels took home the Silver Medal in the Simba Division of the 2014 Disney Field Hockey Showcase in Feb 2014.
The team included:(first row) Coach Joan, Kayla B, Sydney B, Kallie B, Logan E, Julie B, Molly F, Alyssa O, Courtney J, Coach Kelly
(Second row): Erin S, Tot B, Emily L, Blaine D, Katie A, Andi W, Ashleigh M. Congratulations!
Congratulations also go out to the U16 Gaels team at Disney, who had an excellent showing, finishing with a 5-1 record but were out of medal contention.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The Gaels U16 team brings home the gold from USA National Field Hockey Festival. The Gaels went 6-0 over Thanksgiving week.
Team members included (first row): Sydney Behling, Molly Fait, Ashleigh Myers, Haley Hartigan, Brittany Logan, Margot Lawn, Katie Audino.
(second row): Coach Kelly Shanahan, Anna Bauer, Sarah Macon, Erin Shanahan, Courtney Johnson, Emily Lemanski, Logan Edmondson, Blaine Donnelly, Tatiana Bodnar, and Coach Joan Johnson.Comcast SportsNet
CSN Houston President To Be In Studio Ready For Your Questions
HOUSTON (CBS Houston) – Frustrated Houstonians unable to watch Rockets, Astros, and Dynamo games will get a chance to have their voices heard. Comcast SportsNet Houston president and general manager Matt Hutchings will join In the […]
Crane Comes Clean About Dierker Decision
HOUSTON (CBS Houston) – Between gearing up for the Astros’ American League debut and trying to finalize a television deal with Comcast SportsNet Houston, Jim Crane has certainly been busy. The media publicity surrounding the […]
Larry Dierker Talks Contract, Crane And Future
HOUSTON (CBS Houston) – Larry Dierker met with Astros owner Jim Crane this week to sit down and discuss the drama that has surrounded the organization and its former pitcher/manager/broadcaster/ambassador. Dierker, who assumed he would […]
Astros’ Asking Price With CSN Not Out Of Line
John Ourand, writer from the Sports Business Journal, joins Brien Straw and Ted Johnson here on SportsRadio 610.As some of you may have noticed (Hi Helen!) I've been posting lots of links this week and haven't mentioned doing any actual writing or rewriting.
That's because I was either too busy or I was too tired (a pitiful excuse if ever I heard one!).
On Monday evening I just didn't feel like writing (after a big rewriting sesh on Sunday).
On Tuesday evening I didn't write because I was busy (this is a reoccurring Tuesday thing)
On Wednesday evening I didn't write because I didn't get home from work until 7.45pm and I was too tired.
And tonight I wasn't going to do anything because I was supposed to go to a friend's for dinner. But, at the last minute, dinner was cancelled so I had no excuse...
I sat down and I wrote a 1,900 word story for this round of Eurofiction (it had to be in at 8pm!). I was so pooped afterwards I was tempted to call it a night, but I couldn't stop thinking about the fact I hadn't done any rewriting since Sunday.
I opened Word and started rewriting. Not loads admittedly but another 1 percent.
This weekend I plan to write another 8% which will take me to 20% done. I'll feel like I'm getting somewhere then.
Helen/everyone - feel free to give me a kick up the arse via the comments when you notice I'm procrastinating. It works!
10,638 / 87,316 rewritten (12.1% of the novel)
9 comments:
Oh no! But...
I am glad it has worked as when I left that comment the other day I went to bed feeling really bad incase you were offended (I'm worrying about everything at the moment *sigh*. Husband is getting mad with me.)You know when you write something down and you don't know if it would be received in the same way you meant it...?
Anyway I'm blethering.
Well done on your progress! Feel free to kick me up the arse too. Just to get your own back.
Oh Helen, you silly! Don't worry I didn't take offence at all. Your comment made me realise what I was doing which was a very good thing! If you hadn't posted it I wouldn't have rewritten anything tonight and I'd have even more to do this weekend!
And yes, I totally know what you mean about writing a comment and not being sure how it'll be received - that's why I go mad with smilies and exclamation marks in my comments on other people's blogs. I'd hate to think I'd ever offended anyone when I was teasing or joking!
But anyway, thank you. Feel free to arse kick again!
Good. I am relieved. Like I said I am worrying about everything at the moment. Funnily enough though not about my writing!
:)
;)
:p
and so on!
Cally, I've tagged you.
JJx
Rats! JJ beat me to it!
very good blog, congratulations
regard from Catalonia Spain
thank you
I just don't know how you do it all - all these short stories submissions (and hits!), I think your work rate is pretty amazing considering you appear to have a) a full time job, b) a social life and c) a boyf! Are you one of these Thatcher-style 3 hours of sleep a night gals?
Don't be too hard on yourself; sometimes things need a bit of time to marinate anyway. I know you'll get on with it when you have to. However, it is good we can kick each other up the bum every now and then!
I enjoy your blog, whatever you write quite frankly...it's always interesting!
I'm the worst for 'not getting on with it' so I'm hardly in a position to criticise :)
As long as you kick me up the ass, I'll return the favour! Keep it up mate xxLubbock Mayor Tom Martin Talks Swimming Pools, City Budget and Occupy Lubbock on Lubbock’s First News [AUDIO]
On Friday’s edition of Lubbock’s First News, Lubbock Mayor Tom Martin joined Chad and Rex in studio to discuss the latest news coming out of the city council.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
At yesterday’s City Council meeting, the discussion about the city budget was halted by a disagreement on taxes. Councilman Victor Hernandez wanted to raise taxes, but Martin disagreed.
“My personal philosophy is you set what the revenue parameters are going to be on the taxes and you develop a budget within those parameters. Otherwise, you end up with a situation like the Federal government.
Also at yesterday’s meeting, the city voted to keep all four Lubbock pools open for the summer and fill them up before the April 1st water restrictions go into effect.
Mayor Martin also took several calls concerning the Occupy Lubbock protest on 19th and University. Martin said that, although he disagrees with the movement, the protesters are expressing their first amendment rights and so far are not causing trouble like the other Occupy movements.Post: Senegals and Cockateils
Posted by Clock on 3/02/05
This may be a stupid question but I know both Cockateils
and Senegals are similar in size. I was just wondering if
Senegals are a good deal smarter. I have had a Cockateil
for about 15 years and he is alot of fun but I am
definitly looking for a bird that I can interact with a
bigger level then I can with him. He has two moods one
were he wants to be pet and the other where he will bite
me if I go anywhere near him almost like he is Skitzo lol.
So I was just wondering if you guys can tell me some of
the differences between these two birds. I appreciate any
input you can give me.
Posts on this thread, including this onePosts on this thread, including this one
Senegals and Cockateils, 3/02/05, by Clock. Re: Senegals and Cockateils, 3/03/05, by Robin P..Links We Love: Why We Still Love Williamsburg, Sofia Coppola, and the Ultimate #TBT Babe
The 'Hood That Keeps On Giving
Against all odds, Brooklyn's Williamsburg still inspires – NYTimes.com
Sofia Coppola: A Love Letter
Why, after all this time, did we not know Lick the Star was inspired by Flowers in the Attic? – SF Girl by Bay
The Ultra-Glam Bathroom
Let's break it down – Damask et Dentelle
Beach House Porn of the Day
A pared-down coastal escape in Argentina – Remodelista
Throwback Thursday, Ultimate Babe Edition
All hail the perfection that is Paulina Porizkova – New York magazine via Instagram
Flower Glamour
Tax evasion trials aside, there's beauty in bloom at Dolce & Gabbana – Tabitha Simmons via Instagram
Related Articles:Women in League Round launched Thu 14 Jun, 2012, 4:00pm NRL.com Tweet Email Print Rugby League has today launched the 2012 Harvey Norman Women in League celebrations at a time when women represent the fastest growing area of involvement in the sport.Figures unveiled at the launch at Sydney’s Rugby League Central show:- A 70% increase in the number of women in Board or executive management positions- A 10% increase in the number of women in other management positions- A 20% rise in female participation from 5,490 in 2011 to 6,559 in 2012- Female club membership increasing by 20,000 in 2011 to 82,250 to account for 41% of all members.- The number of female volunteers across the country now reaches 52,000- ARL Development staff now delivering skills and curriculum-based lessons to almost 750,000 female students across Australia and New Zealand.ARL Commissioner, Mrs Catherine Harris AO PSM, and ARL Commission General Manager of Community, Culture and Diversity, Ms Trish Crews, were joined by Harvey Norman Favourite Son finalists Kurt Gidley and Luke Burt to launch a calendar of events in the lead-up to the 2012 Harvey Norman Women in League Round played from June 22-25 (Round 16).They joined a team of women representing the many important roles women play in Rugby League, including: the first woman to control a Toyota Cup match Kasey Badger; academic advisor on the NRL’s Welfare and Education Committee Professor Catharine Lumby; the game’s first full-time development officer devoted solely to female participation, Sam Scott; and Jillaroo Jess Palmer, a member of the NSW women’s team to play Queensland in the Interstate Challenge at Penrith during the Harvey Norman Women in League Round.In launching the sixth annual Harvey Norman Women in League Round, Mrs Harris said it was vital that the game continued to recognise and reach out to women.“There are four key areas we need to look at: the role of women playing Rugby League; the role of women who support the sport as volunteers, partners, referees and coaches; the women who work in the game; and the mothers who make the decisions to allow their sons and daughters to play or to go to matches,” she said.“Women make up half the population and they are mothers to the other half! Sport is an area that has traditionally not been good at recognising women and that is why the Harvey Norman Women in League round is important.“Rugby League is a fabulous sport with great ball skills, incredible athletes and teamwork and it is as entertaining to women as it is to men.” Ms Crews today encouraged all fans to get behind the many events that will lead up to the Harvey Norman Women in League round.“There will be plenty of opportunities to get involved and show your support for the women in our game as well as the chance to raise money for the Harvey Norman Women in League charity partner, the McGrath Foundation,” she said.“One sign of the game-wide support for this round is that already 8,000 pairs of pink socks have been sold which will raise money for the McGrath Foundation.“Women are represented across every level of the game from board rooms to football departments, executive administrations, the grass roots and in the grandstands - that is why the Harvey Norman Women in League Round is embraced by so many fans.”Over the next few weeks more than 1,000 women will attend dinners and lunches hosted by the ARL Commission in Sydney NSW (June 19), Ipswich QLD (June 21), Bathurst NSW (June 26) and Bundaberg QLD (June 28). Prior to the regional events, workshops will be held in each area to encourage more women to assume leadership roles in the game.Thousands more women are also expected to attend club functions and activities including the Panthers’ Women in League Lunch (June 18), the Knights’ “Ladies Knight at the Movies” (June 21) and the Cowboys’ Women in League Cocktail Function at Dairy Farmers Stadium (June 19).The Sydney Harvey Norman Women in League lunch on June 19 will reveal the Harvey Norman Favourite Son Award winner, chosen on-line by women in the game, with nominees including Braith Anasta (Roosters), Luke Burt (Eels), Kurt Gidley (Knights), Luke Lewis (Panthers), Terry Campese (Raiders), Ben Creagh (Dragons), Matt Bowen (Cowboys), Joe Galuvao (Sea Eagles), Manu Vatuvei (Warriors) and Luke Bailey (Titans).On-line voting for the Favourite Son Award, presented to a player who acts as a role model to younger players and whose off-field characteristics embody the values of the Rugby League community, closes tomorrow by clicking here.For the third year, Harvey Norman Women in League’s charity partner is the McGrath Foundation, with WIL Round activities such as the sale of pink socks, mugs and other merchandise, and the auction of pink Blades boots and signed footballs, all helping to raise funds to provide breast care nurses. Other charities will also benefit from club activities). Tweet Email Print Send to a friend: Your Name: Your Email: Friend's Name: Friend's Email: Close Submit loading image needs to go hereFind a lower price and we will match and beat it by 5%
We are an authorized retailer of all the dresses we sell. We only sell 100% authentic dresses.
Please refer to our return policy.
Free ground shipping on orders over $50.
Feast your eyes on pure, unadulterated glamour with this stunning little Sherri Hill 2947 mini! Twinkling accents are stitched to form ornate patterns along its top, which features a sheer outer layer, a scooped neckline and demure cap sleeves. The short skirt is awash in flowing, feathery accents, so be prepared for plenty of attention!
Well, I am on Google+, have been there a while. Definitely still on Facebook, where truthfully most of my online "activity" occurs. My problem with social media vs. old-fashioned blogging (funny that something becomes really old-fashioned in about 7 years) is one I have not heard expressed a lot. I really took to blogging, because it's sort of like being a self-published author and sort of like being an amateur journalist and sort of like keeping a diary. Social media, even if you post frequently and participate enthusiastically, is nothing like that.
Posted by
Debra Keefer Ramage
at
13:21
Kitchen (food and food politics) Blog
Always a New Leaf - Books and Libraries Blog
Links to News, etc.
Kitchen Gardening
Soft Landing Animal Aid Association
Mesothelioma Treatment
Leicester Animal Aid - dog & cat rescue
The Hunger Site
The Literacy Site 1950 State of the Union January 04, 1950 Source: National Archives President Harry Truman delivered the State of the Union Address to a joint session of Congress on January 4, 1950. He opened the speech by stating, “I am happy to be able to report to you today that the state of the Union continues to be good,” and the rest of the speech remained optimistic about America’s position at home and internationally. ← Return to Harry S. Truman GallerySudershan, it is good to hear from
It is good to hear from someone like you who can be inspired from what I have written. I think, in the end, one leader alone cannot change the country, and someone like you or others who can believe in the vision of the leader and take actions are needed.An audacious attempt to ship a large volume of marijuana, hashish and hash oil to the East Coast through a UPS center in Santa Rosa led to two raids this week in Humboldt County that yielded nearly 800 pot plants, guns and $40,000 in cash.
The size of the pot farms in the Garberville area of southern Humboldt County were not exceptional but for their link to the bold effort to transport a large quantity of drugs through a commercial shipping company, Humboldt County Drug Task Force Commander Wayne Hanson said.
The package that aroused suspicion at the Frances Street freight shipping plant south of Coddingtown Mall contained approximately 150 pounds of marijuana in 113 individual, sealed packages; hashish bricks totaling about four pounds; and a mason jar containing about 80 grams of hash oil, Santa Rosa police said.
Humboldt County Marijuana Raids
Even smaller amounts of pot would likely produce enough odor to attract attention, Hanson said. More commonly, large quantities are transported out-of-state by vehicle, often rented trucks, Hanson said.
"It's pretty brazen to use UPS to ship that much dope," he said.
But authorities said UPS, FedEx, even the U.S. Postal Service often participate unwittingly in the global drug trade, moving smaller quantities of illegal substances to their destinations.
Usually, it's only a few pounds, Hanson said. Sometimes, cash comes through, as well.
"UPS and FedEx both give us calls periodically when they get a package that they think is suspicious. Sometimes the guys shipping them don't seal them very well and they can smell an odor coming from the package," said Santa Rosa Police Sgt. Chad Heiser, who oversees narcotics investigations for the city. "Or sometimes a package comes open. And they always call us."
But it was unusual when a Florida-bound package first inspected by UPS personnel turned out to contain hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of illegal drugs, Heiser said.
He estimated the local value of the drugs at $250,000 but said they would be worth twice as much on the East Coast.
bell county sheriffs [ Fort Hood Soldier Accidentally Kills Fellow Soldier By Danny Merrell September 25, 2012 What was supposed to be a joke has turned out to be a horrific tragedy that has cost a Fort Hood soldier his life. Read More Category: Law enforcement Tags: accidental shooting, fort hood, hiccup cure Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Headed for Trouble
US$ 7.99
(If any tax is payable it will be calculated and shown at checkout.)
Preview (read now) Add to my own site Give this ebook to a friend Add to my wishlist Author's page Publisher's page
more less
Random House Publishing Group; April 2013
400 pages; ISBN 9780345521262
Download in secure EPUB
Title: Headed for Trouble
Author: Suzanne Brockmann
400 pages; ISBN 9780345521262
Download in secure EPUB
Title: Headed for Trouble
Author: Suzanne Brockmann
Buy, download and read Headed for Trouble (eBook) by Suzanne Brockmann today!
More Fiction
- Memory Man 2015 US$ 13.49
- The Girl on the Train 2015 US$ 12.99 336 pages
- All the Light We Cannot See 2014 US$ 13.99 448 pages
Subject categories
ISBNs
0345521269
9780345521255
9780345521262« Ind. Courts - More on: Loretta Rush sworn in today as Chief Justice of Indiana [Updated] | Main | Ind. Decisions - 7th Circuit decided two Indiana cases yesterday, re sentencing »
Monday, August 18, 2014
Ind. Courts - "Loretta Rush becomes chief justice"
Tim Evans reports for the Indianapolis Star:
Gov. Mike Pence administered the oath of office to Rush, a former Tippecanoe County judge, during the brief public ceremony at 1 p.m. in the historic Supreme Court Law Library. But prior to that ceremony, she was formally — and officially — sworn in by Dickson.
The short public ceremony was attended by the other four Supreme Court justices, as well as former justices Randall Shepard, Theodore Boehm, Frank Sullivan and Myra Selby, who was the first female and African American to sit on the state's highest court. Rush is only the second female justice. * * *."
Posted by Marcia Oddi on August 18, 2014 04:10 PM
Posted to Indiana Courtsming fu wrote: > Hi, > > With splnet() became a no-op in sys/systm.h > > static __inline intrmask_t splnet(void) { return 0; } > > What should I use to replace the splnet? > > I have a module receiving input from both ip_input() and a device that > userland can write to. I guess I was cover from the ip_input() as it > should have the proper lock. However, I am on my own to figure out what > to replace the splnet() when receive from the device from the userland. > It uses splnet() in FreeBSD 4.x. spl's lock execution threads. 5.x and later systems mostly lock data structures using mtx's (there are a very few exceptions). Thus there isn't necessarily a direct replacement, you usually need to rethink your locking/synchronization strategy. SamCreative Services
Resources
7 Unexpected Ingredients You Might Be Eating For Lunch Today
Twelve Interesting Christmas Food Traditions From Around the World
Cities with the Cheapest/Most Expensive Beer in the World
Most romantic meal choices for Valentine's Day
Nut Hall of Fame
945
11
2
Most Expensive Christmas Dinner (Core ingredients)
Meat Recipes Revamped - Right Cuts for the Perfect Roast.What differentiates the MHSA/MCA system from other pageant systems?Young women vying for the title of Miss High School America or Miss Collegiate America are scored on their Evening Gown Presentation, Personal Interview, and Fashion Runway Presentation. Contestants do not participate in swimsuit or talent competitions and only finalists are asked to answer an on stage question.
What are the benefits of entering MHSA or MCA?
In addition to providing contestants with the chance to win a $10,000 college scholarship, a fabulous wardrobe from Sherri Hill, and various other fantastic prizes, taking part in our pageants provides girls with valuable interview skills, public speaking skills, modeling skills, new friendships and the chance to form memories that will last a lifetime.
What are the phases of competition and how much is each phase worth?
The MHSA and MCA pageants consist of an Evening Gown Presentation (40%), Personal Interview (40%), and a Fashion Runway Presentation (20%). During the Evening Gown Presentation, contestants are scored on their poise, grace and overall appearance. During the Personal Interviews, contestants will be scored on their maturity, intellect, poise, scholastic ambition, and overall appearance. During the Fashion Runway Presentation, contestants will be scored on their confidence, appearance and personality.
What is "Fashion Runway"?
The Fashion Runway Presentation is an opportunity for contestants to show the judges their unique personalities while modeling an outfit of their own choosing. Though many contestants choose to wear dresses, Fashion Runway outfits may consist of skirts, cute tops, jackets, etc. Be creative!
Will I be judged on my platform or community service activities?
Contestants are not required to have a platform, though titleholders are encouraged to become involved within their communities as volunteers and spokespeople.
What are the eligibility requirements?
In order to compete in the Miss Collegiate America Pageant, contestants must either reside in or attend college/graduate school in the state which they intend to represent at the national Miss Collegiate America Pageant. Young women who are interested in competing in the national Miss High School America Pageant must be high school students (9th-12th grade) at the time of the national pageant. Miss Jr High School America contestants must be in Jr High School (6th-8th grade) at the time of the national pageant.
Can contestants be married?
No. Contestants must be unmarried, and may not have been married in the past.
When/Where is the national pageant?
The national competition is held in beautiful Orlando, FL. This year’s pageant will take place at the Swan and Dolphin Resort July 10-14, 2013.
Do I need to compete in a local in order to represent my state?
No. Though some states are in the process of integrating local pageants, all state pageants currently accept at-large contestants. To contact your state’s director, please visit and enter your contact information.
If I am crowned Miss Collegiate America, will I need to take time off from school?
No. You will not be forced to take time off from school in order to fulfill your duties as Miss Collegiate America. Shannon Folsom, Miss Collegiate America 2011, will remain enrolled as a full-time student throughout her rein.
What do the girls do during pageant week?
Pageant week is meant to be a fun experience for both contestants and their families. In addition to rehearsing for the final competition, the girls will tour Disney World, attend the Miss High School America and Miss Collegiate America Banquet, attend the Welcome Beach Party, autograph signing and MUCH MORE!
I have not been competing in pageants since I was a child, do I still have a chance of becoming Miss Collegiate America or Miss High School America?
Of course! Anyone is capable of doing well in our system, regardless of prior experience. Confidence, personality, and the ability to be a proud representative of your state and country are the keys to success.
Am I required to sell ads for the national program book?
Yes. Contestants are required to purchase at least one full-page ad for the national program book. This page may include business advertisements and/or sponsored Good Luck messages from family and friends.
Am I required to have a sponsor?
No. Contestants are not required to have a sponsor, though they are asked to bring an auction item to be auctioned off during the MHSA and MCA Banquet. These auction items are often donated by businesses from a contestant’s home state.HAMPTON — Talented young musicians from across the region and the country arrived at The American Theatre eager to learn the nuts and bolts of playing the blues.
For some, though, mastering a sizzling solo or a nasty groove was secondary. First, they needed to conquer their fear.
"I need to work on my stage fright," Elton Morgan, a 16-year-old saxophone player from Hampton told his instructor, renowned Chicago teacher and bluesman Fernando Jones. "When I get on stage, I freeze up. I need to work on that."The torture that authorities say South Side police commander Jon Burge inflicted on more than 200 criminals suspects ended in 1991.
The financial torture on the taxpayers continues to this day as legal cases continue to germinate and seven or eight figure settlements are the norm.
It was five years ago this week that federal agents arrested the infamous Chicago police commander Jon Burge on obstruction of justice and perjury charges. The Chicago Police pensioneer was taken away by the FBI from his waterway home in Apollo Beach, Florida.
Burge was tried in Chicago and convicted. He was sentenced to prison in 2011 and Thursday night remains here at the federal correctional institution in Butner, North Carolina. This is a facility near Raleigh-Durham that houses low-security inmates.
But even as the 65-year old ex-Chicago cop is away and more than 30 years after some of the torture he inflicted, the wake he left behind continues to grow.
Last month, the Chicago City Council okayed the latest payout to settle a pair of Burge forced confession cases.
Ronald Kitchen and Marvin Reeves, both convicted, both served time, both saw their cases tossed because the confessions were found to be the result of police torture.
Chicago taxpayers forking over $12 million to Kitchen and Reeves.
As of Thursday night, city of chicago taxpayers have been on the hook for $83 million in settlements to once-accused murderers who were manhandled by Burge.
And the court action isn't complete.
There are other cases in the system and the likelihood is the Burge lawsuit payouts will top $100 million before the torture era is truly over and out.
One major Burge torture case filed this year could see a sizable settlement and the Cook County State's Attorney has just re-opened another death penalty case linked to Burge.
The gruff ex-cop himself is counting the days to his release from prison, less than a year and a half on Valentine's Day, 2015 and through it all, he is paid a city pension.Cuvier's beaked whale has been proclaimed the world’s breath holding and deep diving champion based on research conducted by Gregory Schorr from Cascadia Research Collective and colleagues that was reported in the March 26, 2014, issue of the journal Public Library of Science.
The deepest known dive was two miles deep and lasted for 137 minutes. This dive bested the current record of 1.5 miles deep and 120 minutes held by the southern elephant seal.
The researchers recorded 3,700 hours of diving data, including depth and time of each dive, from tags tracked by satellite that recorded the diving behavior and locations of eight Cuvier's beaked whales off the Southern California coast.
Cuvier's beaked whales do not require an extended recovery period to replenish the oxygen storage in their muscle tissue like other deep diving species like the sperm whale but can average less than two minutes at the surface between dives. This behavior indicates a physiological difference between Cuvier's beaked whale and other whale species.
The majority of the whale’s dives occurred in and around a Navy sonar training range off the west coast of California. Sonar has been implicated in 60 percent of the whale stranding of Cuvier's beaked whales and other whale species in the past. None of the eight whales tracked for nine years during the study were stranded. The researchers conclude that Cuvier's beaked whales have developed an unknown means of coping with the effects of sonar.MEXICO CITY (AP) – U.S. National Hurricane Center said rapid weakening is expected over the next two days.
The hurricane was centered about 680 miles south of the southern tip of Mexico's Baja California peninsula and.
Like us at facebook.com/foxnewslatino
You must login to comment.Guest
Showing 1 to 2 of 2
whiteyoshi
1. Posted: Wed 20th Feb 2013 00:27 GMT
I hope this game is gonna be cool but the names of the games r tuning out. Why not make a remake of blue and red. I still can't wait for this game
Hey everyone my fc is 2664-2647-6884. Add me please!
My online games are Mariokart7, Mario Tenis Open, Kid Icarus: Uprising, Animal Crossing: New Leaf.
theblackdragon
2. Posted: Wed 20th Feb 2013 00:36 GMT
We've got a thread going for X&Y here if you'd like to join everyone else in the ongoing discussion, whiteyoshi. We're excited for it as: Pokemon X and Y
Showing 1 to 2 of 2
Sorry, this topic has been locked.MARS in Capricorn is in his exaltation. his {348} quality expressed in the world of action is Theodore Roosevelt. One has only to contemplate his method to understand the full effect of Mars in Capricorn.
In the world of science, we have two men of incomparable vigor and persistence, Pasteur and Edison; while, to return once again to political life, we find Edward VII with this position of Mars. This is a very astonishing case; there is little of high ability to be found in this monarch, but Mars, rising in this sign, gave him the executive force to carry through the Triple Entente, one of the greatest diplomatic achievements in the world's history.
Goethe also has this position; in this connection we notice the brusquerie of much of his verse, its leaping, forceful, direct quality. That any man could win such signal triumph is amazing; the art of poetry seems to demand smoothness rather than this abrupt sledge-hammer method. Rossetti, for example, with the same position, scores only partial success. The rough scansion of much of his verse must be called a flaw, whereas with Goethe it was a virtue. But Rossetti's Mars is in conjunction with Neptune and in opposition to Saturn, with no buttress to such aspects but a distant trine of the Sun, while Goethe's Mars is trine to Mercury and the Sun.
Ruskin and Tolstoi have also this position, but Ruskin's Mars is the storm-centre of a great complex, which considerably modifies the effect, while Tolstoi's is in conjunction with Neptune, increasing its eccentricity and violence by harnessing materialism with mysticism. A better illustration of the effect of this position is Savonarola. Here we see clearly the sudden fierce resolution and the tenacity of purpose. Afflictions by Saturn and the Moon tended to increase the asperity of the method, and doubtless they contributed to its failure; but the method is indicated clearly enough by the position.
Among women we have Cleo de Merode with the Moon trine and the Sun and Venus in square to Mars. From this comes her incomparable power to have her own way in everything. Incidentally, the planet is on the cusp of her eleventh house, and its main effect is therefore to enable her to influence friends. The trine of the Moon includes the public among such friends, and modifies the fierceness of her method by masking it with a show of yielding grace. In reality, she was just as full of will and determination as Cromwell.
For the benefit of those who are not in possession of Raphael's {349} Ephemeris, or who are not able to interpret the symbols contained therein, the years when Mars is in the sign Capricorn are as follows:
From October 20th through November 28th 1841
September 17th " November 1st 1843
March 9th " April 27th 1845
February 11th " March 24th 1847
January 19th " February 27th 1849
December 31st 1850 " February 7th 1851
December 10th 1852 " January 17th 1853
November 20th " December 28th 1854
October 29th " December 6th 1856
October 2nd " November 12th 1858
March 23rd " June 9th 1860
June 23rd " September 29th 1860
February 20th " April 3rd 1862
January 28th " March 8th 1864
January 7th " February 15th 1866
December 19th 1867 " January 26th 1868
November 28th 1869 " January 5th 1870
November 7th " December 15th 1871
October 14th " November 22nd 1873
April 20th " June 15th 1875
September 1st " October 23rd 1875
March 2nd " April 16th 1877
February 5th " March 18th 1879
January 14th " February 22nd 1881
December 26th 1882 " February 2nd 1883
December 6th 1884 " January 12th 1885
November 15th " December 23rd 1886
October 23rd " December 1st 1888
September 24th " November 5th 1890
March 14th " May 6th 1882
February 14th " March 27th 1894
January 23rd " March 2nd 1896
January 2nd " February 10th 1898
December 14th 1899 " January 21st 1900 {350}
From November 24th 1901 through January 1st 1902
November 3rd " December 11th 1903
October 8th " November 17th 1905
April 2nd " October 13th 1907
February 24th " April 9th 1909
February 1st " March 13th 1911
January 11th " February 18th 1913
December 22nd 1914 " January 29th 1915
December 2nd 1916 " January 9th 1917
November 11th " December 19th 1918
October 19th " November 27th 1920
September 14th " October 30th 1922
March 7th " April 24th 1924
February 9th " March 22nd 1926
January 19th " February 27th 1928
December 29th " December 31st 1929Pat Healy on The Innkeepers, Paycheck Roles, Auteur Heroes, and the Indie DIY Film Community
Every performer must pay their dues, but with this week’s old school-flavored ghost pic The Innkeepers character actor Pat Healy cashes in over a decade of memorable supporting turns and guest spots for the spotlight at an auspicious moment in his career. Having popped up in a number of great films over the years (Magnolia! Ghost World! Rescue Dawn!) Healy stars with Sara Paxton in the Ti West film as a sardonic desk clerk at the Yankee Pedlar Inn, where spooky happenings are afoot; meanwhile, Healy also earned writing credits on the award-winning In Treatment and recently took Sundance by storm with Craig Zobel’s controversial Compliance. And to think: It all began with the one-two punch of My Best Friend’s Wedding and Home Alone 3…
more »I love making chicken broth in the slow cooker (see my easy slow cooker chicken broth recipe here), and after having some amazing Thai Chicken and Rice with Chicken Soup in Portland, I had to go make a Paleo version to enjoy at home! It’s a simple process – place everything into the slow cooker and leave overnight.
Do you want me to email this recipe to you?
If so, just Click Here.
If so, just Click Here.
Homemade Thai Chicken Broth
Prep time
Total time
Serves: 10+ servings
Ingredients
- 1 whole chicken
- 1 stalk of lemongrass, cut into large chunks
- 20 fresh basil leaves (10 for the slow cooker, and 10 for garnish)
- 5 thick slices of fresh ginger
- 1 lime
- 1 Tablespoon salt
- Additional salt to taste
Instructions
- Place the chicken, lemongrass, 10 basil leaves, ginger, and salt into the slow cooker.
- Fill up the slow cooker with water.
- Cook on low for 8-10 hours.
- Ladle the broth into a bowl, add in salt to taste, squeeze in fresh lime juice to taste, and garnish with chopped basil leaves.
Nutrition Information
Serving size: 1 cup
3.3.3070
Sounds like a wonderful broth. What do you do with the rest of the chicken? Any recommendations?
Yep – here’s one way:LEOPARDS will look to reach the National Trophy semi-final for the fourth time in five years when they host Derby Trailblazers at the Brentwood Centre on Sunday afternoon (4pm).
The Trophy, which is the league cup for Division One sides, was the one competition that the Big Cats failed to win last season, going out in the semi-final at Bristol Academy Flyers.
The game is a repeat of last season’s play-off final, which Leopards won 95-82 to complete the treble, but Derby have shown few signs of the form which saw them finish third last season and win the title in 2010.
Jamie Maudsley’s side are currently 12th in the table with three wins from 11 games. However,. A trip to Bradford Dragons or Hemel Storm awaits the winner of the tie.
Player-coach Robert Youngblood is excited about Sunday’s game. He said: “The Trophy is a chance for us to win some silverware, so it’s an important game for us. We know the danger that Trailblazers pose – we didn’t go into the game up there with the right attitude and cost us. We won’t make the saw mistake again.”
The Big Cats go into the weekend on the back of a weekend that saw them split their two leagues.
They gained revenge for their opening day loss at Tees Valley Mohawks with a hard-fought 96-88 victory at Basildon Sporting Village on Saturday evening.
Greg Hernandez led the way with a 26 point, 13 rebound double-double for Robert Youngblood’s side, while Taner Adu finished with 22 points and five boards. Dan Dunscombe had arguably his best game in a Leopards vest, hitting eight of his nine shots on the way to 18 points in 21 minutes, while Carl Josey added 12 points, nine rebounds and five assists.
Simon Cummings missed out on a triple-double by a single point as a late three-point attempt rimmed out, adding 11 rebound and as many assists. Leopards led for 34 of the 40 minutes but never managed to pull away from a Mohawks team who went into the game sitting second in the Division One table.
The game was tied with 2:34 on the clock before Josey gave Leopards a lead they would never lose off a Hernandez assist.
The visitors were limited to just two points in the final 150 seconds as Youngblood’s defence proved crucial and Cummings hit three of four at the foul line to wrap up the win.
However, the following day at Medway Park Crusaders saw the Big Cats produce a disappointing performance to go down 92-78.
Leopards controlled the first period 23-17, but were outscored 50-37 across the middle two quarters and then allowed the hosts to go on a 12-2 run at the start of the final period to effectively wrap the game up.
Josey and Hernandez finished with 20 points apiece, while Adu added 14 for the Big Cats.Highway isn’t merely concerned with cataloguing the virginal, versatile landscapes of Northern India. Often it’s the only ray of cheer to offset the grimness concealed within two wounded souls, feels Sukanya Verma.
It’s a bird. It’s a plane. It’s Imtiaz Ali.
Ever so astir, Ali’s storytelling wears wings as do his creations known to take off impulsively or wander about to unforeseen destinations in a bid to discover, seek, escape or just because.
In journey lie stories, a search for sights and self.
Be it Socha Na Tha, Jab We Met, Love Aaj Kal or Rockstar, the filmmaker has explored this attribute regularly (and refreshingly) in all his movies.
But in his latest venture, Highway, he uses travel like artistry, a narrative form to unfold the adventures of its two leading protagonists learning (and unlearning) a few precious lessons about the capricious course life follows when tackled head-on.
Though he doesn’t dwell upon the scenery enough to extract an allegory, there’s both warm familiarity and exotic wonderment to the visual delights he paints before us through Anil Mehta’s majestic cinematography. One seldom acknowledges, forget applaud, the merits of recce after watching a film.
Courtesy Ali and Mehta, Highway is a worthy exception.
As pleasant it sounds, Highway isn’t merely concerned with cataloguing the virginal, versatile landscapes of Northern India. Often it’s the only ray of cheer to offset the grimness concealed within two wounded souls.
They meet under frightening circumstances.
Exhausted by the Big Fat Indian Wedding scenario at home Veera (Alia Bhatt), an influential tycoon’s daughter -- few days shy of tying the knot to another dour-faced industrialist type -- sneaks out of her South Delhi kothi for a breather only to land herself in a nightmarish situation..
Ali then moves on to the trickiest part of this travel tale -- the shake hand.
Even though it’s accompanied by her own sense of disbelief, Veera (too) easily warms up to her situation and instinctively insists there be camaraderie between her and Mahabir/Co. She, like every Imtiaz Ali heroine -- they’re all different versions of the same woman -- is a blend of whim, naivety and verbosity.
While the foul-tempered Mahabir is unrelenting and threatens to sell her off in flesh trade, Goru (Durgesh Kumar plays the creepy devil to perfection) is sly and slimy; Tonk (Pradeep Nagar doesn’t get much scope) is indifferent whereas Aadoo (a flawless Saharsh Kumar Shukla) is confused between awe and sympathy.
Disregarding class barriers to construct implausible romances is not a novel concept. Highway is a lot bolder in this aspect even if never entirely successful in its realisation.
Inner demons are the real obstacles in their path. Fascinating but not enough to overlook the mistiming of Veera’s dark disclosures to Mahabir. The desperation underlining her unusual candour or misplaced humour would seem sadder if there was more evidence to explain her trust in hostile strangers/kidnappers/criminals.
Rather Ali, echoing Veera’s sentiments, decides he doesn’t wish to return to reality and moves further towards a dreamier destination.
There’s a surreal strength in travel; absolute disconnect from routine makes way for carefree spontaneity. Highway doesn’t elude itself from its virtues and deliberately refrains from depicting the presumed chaos in Veera’s household. The only disadvantage is, in its absence, Ali relies too much on the interaction between Veera and Mahabir, which is uncharacteristically smooth sailing and unconvincingly personal.
Delhi, Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh or Kashmir, the locations are never spelled out in its 133 minutes running time only implied through culture, climate and clothing. Every state radiates its own charm but Highway hits a pure and meditative mode on arriving in Kashmir’s ethereal Aru Valley.
Ali unearths so much soul in these serene settings; he sparsely uses A R Rahman’s rousing soundtrack to dramatize its presence. Except when he does, the upshot is unfailingly effective.
As is Alia Bhatt. If Student of the Year launched her as star, Highway brings forth her pluck as an actress. She’s extraordinary here. Given the extent of uncertainty her Veera experiences, she gamely fulfills every challenge, rising above the matter with a sparkling belief in her convictions. There’s a steady resilience about her, which contradicts her dainty daisy demeanour and makes a powerful case of her disturbing admissions. Especially when pointing out the sickening hypocrisy of the so-called elite society..
Yes, they could be heroes. But just for one day.
Rediff Rating:
this
Comment
articlePlay-Group Therapy
- Ashlea Smith
- … show all 1 hide
Synonyms
Adlerian play therapy; Adolescent and child behavior therapy; Age-related play therapy; Art therapy; Child-centered therapy; Child psychotherapy; Child therapy; Cognitive-behavioral play therapy (CBPT); Counseling; Directive play therapy; Expressive group therapy; Gestalt play therapy; Group activity therapy; Group play therapy; Group psychotherapy; Music therapy; Nondirective play therapy; Play therapy; Play therapy group; Sand tray therapy
Definition
A relationship built between peer groups of children or adolescents with a therapist specializing in play therapy, using group therapy techniques in a playroom setting as a means for youth to explore themselves and others (e.g., how one acts, thinks, and feels) through play.
Description
Play is the universal language used by children to communicate their understanding of the world around them where the toys depict the words of the child. Play therapy is to children as talk therapy also known as narrative ...
- Berg, R, Landreth, G, Fall, K (1998) Group counseling: Concepts and procedures. Brunner/Routledge, Philadelphia, PA
- Landreth, GL (2002) Play therapy: The art of the relationship. Brunner-Routledge, New York, NY
- Schaefer, CE (2003) Foundations of play therapy. Wiley, Hoboken, NJ
- Title
- Play-Group Therapy
- Reference Work Title
- Encyclopedia of Child Behavior and Development
- Pages
- pp 1118-1119
- 2011
- DOI
- 10.1007/978-0-387-79061-9_2182
-
- Ashlea Smith
(1)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Department of Psychology, Phoenix College, 1701 E. Colter. St. Unit 471, Phoenix, AZ, 85016, USA
Continue reading...
To view the rest of this content please follow the download PDF link above.I love my large oval one for small jobs and big ones.
I love my large oval one for small jobs and big ones.
[QUOTE=KWM;973313]Go BIG -- my large crock is oval-shaped and will also handle tough cuts of meat, like shoulder roasts. Keep an eye out for large pots that are sold with a small pot "bonus." [/QUOTE]
That is what I had, DH dropped the liner first time out of the gate... ugghh. So he felt bad and got me another one. A few months later, I messed that one up. So now I am using my smaller one. I keep forgetting to order new liners.
I made some yogurt in the smaller one the other day, and it was way too hot on warm. Killed my little guys. So I tried again, this time I put the crock liner on the warmer in the middle of my stove. Worked perfect :)
[QUOTE=Lynna;973335]I had a six quart that wasn't quite big enough for making stock so I bought a 7 qt one. The new one is great for stocks and some stews so I kept the smaller one for when I didn't need so much room.[/QUOTE]
This. I got a 7 qt oval one when I broke my 6 qt oval. I cook for a farmer husband, 2 teenagers, an 8 y/o and myself. If I want ANY leftovers, I fill it. My next kitchen gadget is gonna be a 8.5 qt electric pressure cooker (I can't wait!).
Excellent! Thanks everyone for sharing! I did not get a chance to read the replies before I went out and bought one - I went with a 7 quart oval crock, so I am delighted to hear it was a good decision :) Again, thank you so much!
Just wanted to tell y'all that slick deals is showing that Sears has an instore sale going on for a Hamilton Beach 4 quart slow cooker for $10.00. So, if you live near a Sears...
Link: [url=]Hamilton Beach 4-Quart Oval Slow Cooker $10 + Free Store Pickup - Sears.com Deals, Coupons and Promos[/url]Quality & Originality
Nuremberg's Old Town offers many unique traditional businesses, but the Jury only awards the distinction of “Master Trader” to those whose quality and originality are convincing. More information here!
Nuremberg's Old Town offers many unique traditional businesses, but the Jury only awards the distinction of “Master Trader” to those whose quality and originality are convincing. More information here!
The gold and silversmith Barbara Weinberger has worked in her shop/workshop in the heart of Nuremberg's Old Town since 1996. More information here!
Nuremberg is famous worldwide for its traditional artisan crafts. One of Germany’s few remaining original master cutlers still sharpens knives at the Chesi knife sharpeners in the centre of the Old Town. More information here!
delikatEssen is a deli shop with a choice selection of products for discerning customers, and is regarded as a stylish meeting point for enthusiastic cooks and connoisseurs as well as for professional cooks. More information here!
The first mustard shop of this kind in Southern Germany is one of Nuremberg’s attractions. The products you can find here make gourmet hearts beat faster, because more than 30 kinds of mustard are produced here according to their own recipes. More information here!
evers floral design creates seasonal arrangements of flowers and plants, and here even small items like a floral present are very impressive. More information here!
Of course the Nuremberg Master Traders also cannot do without a specialist shop for high-quality glass items such as bowls, lamps, pictures, jewellery and architectural glazing. More information here!
You will find well-known national and international artists on two floors in the Fluegel-Roncak Gallery in the centre of Nuremberg. More information here!
For more than 100 years the traditional third generation business “Gebr. Fraunholz Elisenlebküchnerei” in Nuremberg has produced original Elisenlebkuchen gingerbread that is simply irresistible. More information here!
The Graf Jurowski specialist shop in Nuremberg offers a comprehensive range of high-quality ladies’ and gentlemen’s lingerie, underwear and swimwear More information here!
Harald Lehmeier has run his menswear business for more than 35 years with passion, understanding and a flair for fine fabrics. An exclusive range with many fairly priced top Italian labels awaits you. More information here!
With its Nuremberg speciality beers, Aldstadthof Microbrewery is one of the most popular producers in the region. More information here!
Fedoras, Panama hats, cloth hats, caps, fur caps and much more: for over 135 years customers visiting Brömme Hats at the Laufer Schlagturm have found everything on the subject of headwear from their own manufacture. More information here!
Anyone who makes their way to „KRISTIN LOEB MODE“ will be looking for fashion that can‘t be bought off the peg — something very special. More information here!
The confiserie neef café in Nuremberg has tempted its customers for more than 40 years with the most delicious pastry and confectionery art – hand-made from fresh products. More information here!
As soon as you step into the “Perlenmarkt” you will be fascinated by the unbelievably large selection of pearls, precious stones and buttons. Customers can assemble and manufacture all the jewellery components themselves. More information here!
This owner-operated family business has always been rooted in the old Nuremberg craftsmanship tradition. High-quality raw coffees are specially prepared using a cast-iron drum roaster. More information here!
Half a century of experience in buying and selling garden supplies is the best recommendation to pay a visit to Nuremberg’s last seed-merchant and gardening business. More information here!
For more than 21 years the goldsmith Robert Lucha has given his customers good advice, gladly and above all with heart and mind. He is well known for high quality designer items produced exclusively by him. More information here!
The success story of “Schönheiten” began around 10 years ago in a workshop shop. Today everything that makes dreams come true can be found at “Schönheiten” in the Weinmarkt. More information here!
If you want a „really good yarn“, pop into the most colourful and beautiful specialist shop in Nuremberg. More information here!
Nuremberg is famous worldwide for its traditional artisan crafts. One of Germany’s few remaining original master cutlers still sharpens knives at the Chesi knife sharpeners in the centre of the Old Town.
After passing his master craftsman's examination, the current proprietor, Paolo Chesi, took over the family business from his father, and in the following years together with his wife Antonella he expanded it into a modern specialist cutlery business.
In the Chesi Knife Sharpeners you will find a wide range of cutlery, knives and scissors for leisure and professional use – and this has been the case for 110 years! Look in and be personally advised by the experienced bladesmith.
descriptiontext
Bindergasse 14
90403 Nürnberg
Mon - Fri 9 am - 1 pm,
2.30 pm - 6 pm
Sat 9 am - 3 pm
Telefon
+ 49 (0) 911 - 22 10 06Prince Harry shuts down secret Facebook page. (eonline.com)
'Jack Ryan' film due for release Christmas 2013. (deadine.com)
Remaining 'Star Wars' prequels to get 3-D treatment. (ew.com)
Casting continues on 'The Office' spin-off. (aintitcool.com)
Cobie Smulders joins cast of Vince Vaughn comedy 'Starbuck.' (hollywoodreporter.com)
NOTE: Users of modern browsers can open each link in a new tab by holding 'control' ('command' on a Mac) and clicking each link..
Tuesday, July 27, 2010
SYTYCD tour returning to Charlotte
The “So You Think You Can Dance Tour” will return to Time Warner Cable Arena on Saturday, Oct. 2, with a showcase of performances by current finalists Adechiké, Ashley, Billy, Jose, Kent, Lauren and Robert, as well as all-stars Ade, Allison, Courtney, Dominic, Kathryn and Russell.
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday through timewarnercablearena.com, ticketmaster.com, the Time Warner Cable Arena box office, all Ticketmaster outlets, or charge by phone (800-745-3000).
Monday, July 19, 2010
Cheap tix for select Live Nation concerts
From 12:01 a.m. Tuesday until 11:59 Tuesday night, $10 tickets will be available through LiveNation.com and charge by phone (800-745-3000) for the following upcoming shows:
American Idol Live! Tour on July 25 at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre; Barenaked Ladies on July 30 at Road Runner Mobile Amphitheatre; Goo Goo Dolls at RR Mobile on Aug. 10; Heart on Aug. 15 at RR Mobile; Dukes of September at RR Mobile on Aug. 25; Kottonmouth Kings on Sept. 10 at the Fillmore Charlotte; and Get The Led Out at the Fillmore on Nov. 12. (Parking, shipping, service fees and other costs may apply.)
$10 tickets will also be available at the venue box offices during regular business hours on Tuesday.
'Biggest Loser' stars to visit Charlotte
Phil and Amy Parham of "The Biggest Loser" fame will be at the SouthPark Barnes & Noble (4020 Sharon Road) from 2-4 p.m. Saturday to sign copies of their new book, "The 90 Day Fitness Challenge."
The Parhams were contestants on Season Six of NBC's reality competition, from May to December 2008. Over the seven-month period, they lost more than 256 pounds together, bringing Phil down to 180 and Amy to 124. To date, they have recorded the highest percentage weight loss of any "Biggest Loser" couple ever.
Their new book, from Harvest House Publishers, addresses "their journey to healthy weight loss and inspires readers on how to achieve similar goals. This faith-based, informative and motivational book will encourage those fighting the 'battle of the bulge' to transform their lives and fulfill their dreams of being healthier and happier."
Phil and Amy Parham live in South Carolina with their three sons.
Thursday, July 15, 2010
Mooresville woman hits 'Runway'
Let the sewing, stitching and snickering begin.
The Emmy-Award nominated Lifetime Television series "Project Runway" kicks off its eighth season on July 29 with 17 talented designers -- including one from Mooresville.
April Johnston, 21, attended Lake Norman High School, recently graduated from college, and now resides in Savannah, Ga. On Lifetime's website, she lists her favorite designers as Alexander McQueen and John Galliano, and says she realized she had designer potential "in high school, when I made my prom dress and artistically painted and decorated my room."
In "Project Runway's" expanded 90-minute format, the new crop of designers will encounter host Heidi Klum, mentor Tim Gunn, judges Michael Kors and Nina Garcia, and guest designer and celebrity judges (including actress Selma Blair in the season premiere) as they face challenges, eliminations and other surprises.
This season's winner.
In addition to Johnston, the Season Eight designers are:
A.J. Thouvenot; Andy South; Casanova; Christopher Collins; Gretchen Jones; Ivy Higa; Jason Troisi; Kristin Haskins-Simms; McKell Maddox; Michael Costello; Michael Drummond; Mondo Guerra; Nicolas D'Aurizio; Peach Carr; Sarah Trost; and Valerie Mayen.
Tuesday, July 13, 2010
Donate a toy, see ice show for free
"Disney On Ice presents Disney•Pixar’s Toy Story 3" will play several shows at Time Warner Cable Arena Oct. 6-10.
Tickets go on sale July 23, but show organizers will offer a free voucher (good for one ticket to the Oct. 6 performance) to the first 200 people who donate a new toy during the Salvation Army’s holiday toy drive, which will be held from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. that Friday at the arena. Limit one per family. (Everyone else who makes a donation during the July 23 promotion will get 50 percent off tickets to that performance.)
For more about Disney On Ice, go to.
Monday, July 12, 2010
Concert news: Soul shows on the horizon
Budweiser, Live Nation and Haymon Events announced today the revival of Budweiser Superfest, a soul and R&B concert series that will visit 18 cities this summer -- including Charlotte on Sept. 2.
The 2010 tour will feature Anthony Hamilton, Kem, Jaheim, Raheem DeVaughn, Abraham McDonald and Hal Linton, with more to be announced.
During its two-decade run -- 1979 through 1999 -- the Budweiser Superfest featured headliners such as Michael Jackson, Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, TLC, Parliament and Luther Vandross.
The Charlotte concert will be at Road Runner Mobile Amphitheatre at the N.C. Music Factory and will go on sale Saturday. Details:.
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday and are available at LiveNation.com, the Fillmore Charlotte box office, Ticketmaster or by calling 1-800-745-3000.
Friday, July 9, 2010
Ticket prices add up to fewer shows
I wrote an article for the front page of Thursday’s Observer about the summer concert season and the key factors that have caused a handful of big shows to be canceled here.
Here’s some more information on that topic that I think you’ll agree tells a big part of the story:
Average price of a ticket to see one of the top 100 tours in 1996, according to Pollstar data: $25.81.
Average price of a ticket to see one of the top 100 tours in 2009, according to Pollstar: $62.57.
That’s nearly a 150 percent increase. You can chalk it up to inflation; but not all of it. I mean, I bought my first new car in 1996 for $16,000, and my third new car in 2009 for $28,000. (My current car is nicer than that first one.)
The more telling piece of this story, though, is how – duh – there’s a direct correlation between demand and price:
Price for a cheap seat to see red-hot Justin Bieber on Aug. 8 at Time Warner Cable Arena: $31.50. Ticket sales have been extremely strong.
Price for tickets to see uber-popular Adam Lambert perform last week at the Fillmore Charlotte: about $40. His concert sold out almost immediately after tickets went on sale in May.
Price for good seats to see Santana – which hasn’t had new material in five years – at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre: $81.50. The show was canceled.
Price for a premium seat/VIP package to see Lilith Fair at Verizon: $756. The show was canceled.
The lesson couldn’t be more obvious, but I’ll let Neighborhood Theatre owner Zach McNabb put it in a nutshell: “It’s a simple formula that’s gotten lost amongst the larger bands and promoters: Cheap tickets plus desired artists equals higher attendance, and higher profits.”
What else is there to say?
Wednesday, July 7, 2010
Top collegians to play at Knights Stadium
The 2010 USA Baseball Collegiate National Team will take on the Korean Collegiate National Team at Knights Stadium in Fort Mill, S.C., at 7:15 p.m. on Friday, July 16, as part of its summer exhibition schedule.
The Collegiate National Team -- which last visited Fort Mill in 2007 -- is made up of the country's top non-draft-eligible collegiate players. In the past, the team has featured several players who eventually had success in the majors, including Nomar Garciaparra, Ryan Howard, Dustin Pedroia, David Price, Huston Street, Mark Teixeira and Jason Varitek.
Tickets are on sale through the Knights' ticket office (704-357-8071) or at.
Friday, July 2, 2010
Jonas Brothers cancel Charlotte show
July 2 press release:
JONAS BROTHERS ANNOUNCE UPDATED TOUR SCHEDULE shows in Raleigh at Time Warner Cable Music Pavilion (Oct. 16) and Charlotte at Verizon Wireless Amphitheatre (Oct. 17) have been removed from the current routing.
However the Jonas Brothers remain committed to their fans and will look to return to Raleigh and Charlotte as soon as possible.
Tickets for this show will be refunded at point of purchase. Tickets purchased online or via phones will be automatically refunded.
Check and for further information.
Lilith Tour cancels Charlotte show
July 1, 2010 (New York, NY) –The 2010 Lilith Tour is announcing the cancellation of 10 upcoming purchase.
.”
In light of these cancellations, some artists who were set to appear later in the tour may be performing in other cities.
Please check LilithFair.com for the most up to date information for each city.
Health Officials' Inquiry Finds No Evidence of Mad Cow Disease at New Jersey Track
By DONALD G. McNEIL Jr.; Janon Fisher contributed reporting from Trenton for this article.
Published: May 8, 2004
Rejecting the contentions of a dogged amateur researcher, health officials from New Jersey and the federal government said yesterday that there was no evidence that mad cow disease had killed 17 patrons and employees of a South Jersey racetrack in the late 1980's and early 90's.
Dr. Clifton R. Lacy, the state health commissioner, said an investigation into the deaths had found no cases of the human form of mad cow, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.
While at least some of the 17 died from another form of the disease not associated with eating infected beef, the death rate was normal for the age group involved and the state's population of 8 million people, he said.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, which cooperated with the state investigation, issued a statement yesterday agreeing that ''no evidence supports the conclusion that the racetrack-associated deaths were causally linked'' with contaminated meat.
Janet Skarbek, the accountant from Cinnaminson, N.J., whose research led to the investigation into the deaths of patrons and workers from the now defunct Garden State Racetrack in Cherry Hill, dismissed yesterday's report. ''There is no way this cluster of deaths is normal,'' she said.
She compared the state's reaction to that of Britain in the 1980's, when the government repeatedly denied that humans could get a fatal brain disease from mad cows. About 150 Europeans have since died of it, almost all of them under age 40. There has been only one case in the United States, in a Florida resident who grew up in England.
After long incubation periods, both forms of the disease coagulate the brain into a spongy mess as victims rapidly succumb to dementia. Both forms are caused by prions, brain proteins that fold abnormally and clump together. But they can be distinguished under a microscope and through gene analysis.
The non-mad-cow form, sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob, usually strikes people over 60; a few cases rise in families that have a genetic defect. They occur all over the world, at a rate of about one case per million people per year. Among people over age 55, the rate averages about four per million per year.
Ms. Skarbek began clipping newspaper obituaries, culling death records and calling families after the death of a family friend who had worked at the track. Exactly what killed her friend, 29-year-old Carrie Mahan, the only person under 50 in the investigated group, is in dispute.
Dr. Pierluigi Gambetti, director of the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center, said yesterday that all the tests that could be performed at his Case Western Reserve University laboratory ''came out negative for prion disease.'' He and other experts have discussed the case at length and are still not sure what killed her, he said.
Ms. Skarbek has found 16 people who worked at the track or attended frequently between 1988 and 1992 and had Creutzfeldt-Jakob on their death certificates, she said. She is investigating a dozen more.
Dr. Lacy said that only 11 of the 17 deaths the state looked into, including Ms. Skarbek's 16, were from sporadic Creutzfeldt-Jakob. The mean age of the group was 67.
Making diagnoses meant making assumptions. Brain tissue had been kept in only eight of the cases, and only five of those were found to have prion diseases. The presumption that the other six died of them was based on records of their clinical symptoms. In three cases there were other diagnoses and three others were still undetermined.
But even 17 deaths, Dr. Lacy said, would still have been in the normal range.
Dr. Eddy A. Bresnitz, the state epidemiologist, explained that from the records of the track, which closed in 2001, he had calculated that 250,000 to 500,000 people over the age of 55 visited between 1988 and 1992, the years Ms. Skarbek focused on because of the long incubation period. In that population, between 1993 and the present, he said, 12 to 24 cases of sporadic disease would normally be expected to turn up.
Saying that even a rare illness like Creutzfeldt-Jakob was to be expected in racetrack retirees, Dr. Lacy noted that epidemiologists who studied kindergartens would rarely find heart attacks and those who studied casinos would find few cases of croup.
Yesterday, at a press conference outside the headquarters of the state health department, Ms. Skarbek renewed her attack and called for more investigation, saying for the first time that she blamed a particular track restaurant, the Phoenix, because half the people she had tracked had eaten there repeatedly.
But she could not explain why; she has never suggested that horsemeat or any unusual meat was served. The Phoenix served prime beef, which normally comes from young steers at little risk for mad cow. It did not serve brain or other risky cuts, she said.
State officials said that all the track restaurants bought their meat from wholesalers that supplied many other restaurants, and that there had been no outbreak of prion disease anywhere else.
Sheryl Eckstut, whose mother was one of the victims and who joined Ms. Skarbek's news conference, said she was not convinced by the state report. ''I think that they are trying to pooh-pooh it so they don't have a scare,'' she said.
Photo: Janet Skarbek's research into the deaths of patrons and workers at the Garden State Racetrack in Cherry Hill prompted an investigation. (Photo by Dith Pran/The New York Time)Whats closest to PS sized down 2? Tapered tts or like sized down 1?
Not the best pic, but I'll have my SLR back by tomorrow at the latest.
gtfo
you don't know me. i'm trying to contribute to a thread w/o pics, but only get negative things said.
i've have the slim straight fit and their like the ns sized down 2
go try them on at the store they don't stretch too.The Catholic News Service is reporting that the Vatican is trying to recruit Tim Tebow, Jeremy Lin and other prominent Christian athletes to take part in a conference on ethics and sports. Because if the Catholic Church knows about anything, it’s ethics.…
The council will also have Catholic and other Christian athletes in attendance, to give witness to how the worlds of faith and sports can easily come together.
He said the council hoped its participant line-up would include two high-profile Christian U.S. sports stars: NFL quarterback Tim Tebow of the New York Jets, and NBA basketball player Jeremy Lin of the Houston Rockets.
Jerry Sandusky cannot attend because, unlike far too many Catholic priests and bishops, he’s in prison.
Tim Tebow who spent the season gathering splinters.
I really want to see him play a full season with a team that has a mediocre defense. Mostly because I’m sick of hearing that a quarterback who can’t throw a pass “Just wins.”
I think Tebow is a Baptist. I have met other Southern Baptists who do not consider Catholics to be Christian.
Tebow does have a history of mutilating the genitals of children, so that may increase his appeal to the Vatican.
That is funny.
Tebow comes from a branch of xianity that is very anti-Catholic.
A lot was made of his missionary upbringing in the Philipines. Few pointed out that the Philipines has been xian for centuries, is hard core Catholic, and has the social problems to prove it.
Tebow and his family were converting Catholics to The One True Xian Cult, which is. of course, their cult.
Because, of course, it makes sense to listen to people with degrees in philosophical history and Latin about sports ethics. In any case, everyone already knows what the ‘solution’ will be among these self-anointed professionals.
The Vatican forgot to invite that other paragon of ethics and virtuous conduct, Lance Armstrong.
The Catholic church must be getting desperate if they’re seeking alliances with denominations that aren’t just Protestant but flamingly anti-Papist. They’ve already sought common cause with Judiasm. When they start cozying up to Muslims, we’ll know that atheism is really gaining ground.
@ Raven #4
I had forgotten about that. Huh, that’s funny. I hope he goes now.
Re Reginald Selkirk @ #3
I don’t recall the Raping Children Church being a promulgator of circumcision. Most Catholics outside the United States are not cut.
I’ve always wondered how it is ethical to request an outside agent interfere to interfere in a game to give your side an advantage.
So true. Sooo true. But not in the way they mean it.
If you put Tebow anti Catholic bigot in Google, a whole lot of hits come up. All similar to this one.
The Philippines is 81% Catholic, and 85% xian, higher than in the USA which runs around 75% xian.
I’d be willing to bet that the real purpose of this little meeting is more about using their celebrity status to evangelize than about ethics.
If they got room on that panel for a former Cath-O-Lick, I’m game, s’long as they order out from some nice Eyetalian restaurants.
I’m just wondering, just asking questions, here; Tebow asked JESUS to help him win. Belichek got fined, like, a half milling buckarooz for filming a practice (well, maybe a FEW of them). I mean they fucking nearly crucified him. Same-o, same-o for Sean Payton. Timbow could get like, injury reports, depth charts, playbooks and best of all, realtime intel from the mind of the opposing team’s coach to GOD to Timeh’s ear. Hanging is too good for him, I say!!
This conference’s first agenda item had better be rape-culture among school athletes (just one example of many here, if they want it to be taken seriously.
I have met other Southern Baptists who do not consider Catholics to be Christian.
A minor difference, when religious authoritarians are trying to unite against their most dangerous common enemies — atheists, liberals, uppity women, LGBTs, etc. I’m sure there’s both Catholics and Baptists who would gladly unite with the Taliban just to keep anyone from questioning their delusions and con-games.
Tebow does have a history of mutilating the genitals of children, so that may increase his appeal to the Vatican.
(Un)Holy fucking shit, I was ready to write the guy off as merely silly. This is disgusting.
From the article cited:.
So he starts by haranguing a captive audience who are there because they’re suffering from medical maladies (“your wait time is now less than two hours…back to all the Bible verses that validate my home-schooled simplemindedness…”); then EAGERLY moves on to direct assistance in acts of mutilation. What a stinking turd of a jock. And this is Pope Palpadict’s idea of a shining example of Christian values? Yet another tone-deaf and morally retarded call by one of the least “spiritual” popes in history.
Is there not one better athlete this pope could have picked? Not one, in such a huge Christian nation with so many college and pro football teams?
Tebow has a degree in “Family, Youth and Community Sciences.” I guess that makes him a scientist.
Maybe because Mr. ‘I’d give my left nut to win the Tour de France’ is known as an atheist. Thus proving that giving up God does not automatically make you moral.
…to give witness to how the worlds of faith and sports can easily come together.
Shameless tribalism, contrived differences that later fuel drunken brawls, power and group identity elevated over individual conscience and intellect, winning-is-everything mentality, contempt for the “weak,” and unearned entitlement from adoring fans — yeah, I, for one, have seen plenty of “witness” to that already. We don’t need a bigoted lying Pope reinforcing any of that with his phony authority.
Well that’s interesting. Are they going to hector Tebow and Lin about their contracts?
Why the fuck were the kids being circumcised in the first place? It isn’t a requirement of any branch of Christianity I’ve heard of, in fact Paul warned against circumcising non-Jewish converts, so what was the motivation?
Enough with the irrelevant stuff … what are they willing to give the Jets for him? A Notre Dame linebacker? … Um, maybe not … the Jets already have too many circus clowns. I know, how about a few prime bits of New York City real estate so that the jets can go out and hire a real quarterback?
I have an inside line on the conference agenda.
Day 1: lowering the age of participation: how low is ethically too low?
Day 2: maintaining amateur status: why they shouldn’t get paid for participating
Day 3: exploring new avenues of recruitment
Re matty1 @ #20
Why the fuck were the kids being circumcised in the first place?
This is a hangover from the time when the Philippines was an American colony.
At that time, the circumcision rate in the US was on the order of 90%. It has nothing to do with religion.
Tim Tebow who spent the season gathering splinters.
I first saw him on TV in his college football days, crying on a teammate’s shoulder ’cause they’d lost a game. He’s not a poor sport, he was just disappointed because God didn’t hear his prayers for victory that day, right? From that ridiculous start, “gathering splinters” is an improvement. (And will those splinters be sold as holy relics now? I can see the bin in the Catholic store: “Splinters from the True Athletic Ass.”)
Ah, yes I’ve run into this confusion before. Americans seem to circumcise* a lot more than British where the practice is only really followed by Jews and Muslims for religious reasons. Certainly the idea of circumcision being a routine procedure included with a medical check up is hard to get my head around.
*This may refer to past rather than present practice I’m not sure.
… *blink*
… wow. The Catholic church printed this? That takes balls, man. Serious balls.
Wow, I ran through a whole range of emotions reading this, started out with some anger on the arrogance of the Vatican to claim any sort of authority on ethics but then devolved into laughter. Let’s all focus on sports scandals, Mr. Pope. Why would you ever want to seriously deal with the scandals surrounding the Catholic church when you can go on ignoring them and pretend to be concerned about other people who happen to have a bunch of money? I’m sure you are just concerned for their fragile little immortal souls and the collection plate will not make an appearance at all.
As others have pointed out, Teboat would seem to be the wrong flavor of xianity for a gathering of Catholics. As well, I’d think he’d be a little old for Catholic clergy’s taste.
@ Draken # 11, I see what you did there.
Re matty1 @ #25
The rate is now around 50% in the US, down from 90% fifty years ago. I haven’t investigated the situation but there are probably scholarly papers around that discuss the reasons why the US is unique among Christian nations in this regard (although I am informed that the practice is rather widespread in Australia for some reason).
That’s ridiculous. Everybody knows the Lord only cares about European football.
slc1 “…(although I am informed that the practice is rather widespread in Australia for some reason).”
It keeps the dingos out of it. “Hurts more than a dingo in the foreskin” is a saying for a reason, you know.
Thank you I didn’t even know it was possible to wince and laugh out loud at the same time.
fifthdentist:
I think the Vatican heard that he made a Hail Mary pass, and misunderstood.
Has Tebow been signed up by the Vatican Vultures as their new qb?
SLC – saves from eating the whole baby….
:) Dingo
———-
I’d suggest questioning your ‘sources’
Circumcision is reputed to enhance resistance to some sexually transmitted diseases. Koalas are noted for suffering an outbreak of chlamydia. Just saying.
I thought their team would be called the Vatican Violators. Or maybe Vivisectors?
Re dingojack @ #34
I believe it was a commenter on a Freethoughtblogs blog.
Circumcision is reputed to enhance resistance to some sexually transmitted diseases.
So are condoms — but the Church can’t talk about that! Better to mutilate children than to change their doctrine…
[Tebow] was wearing gloves and a mask, wielding surgical scissors, and helping the doctors in the circumcision of boys, finishing off stitches with a snip.
If stitches are involved during a circumcision something went terribly wrong.
I guess we need to start a Kondoms for Koalas Krusade.
Isn’t Christian athletics all about who God wants to win, rather than who trains and plays best?
“:Day 1: lowering the age of participation: how low is ethically too low?
Day 2: maintaining amateur status: why they shouldn’t get paid for participating
Day 3: exploring new avenues of recruitment”
I don’t think that the conference has anything to do with altar boys.
“… wow. The Catholic church printed this? That takes balls, man. Serious balls.”
Never attribute to macho bravado that which can be explained by institutional tone deafness.
“If stitches are involved during a circumcision something went terribly wrong.”
Maybe they weren’t all boys?
Circumcision is still quite common in Canada. In 1970 the rate was reportedly close to 50 percent. By 2006-2007 one survey indicated it had declined to 31.9 pecent.
Re dingojack @ #34
According to Wikipedia, the ratio of circumcised men in Australia was about 58% in 2003. However, the ration of circumcised newborns in Australia is now down to 13%.
There FIFY.
The Vatican can have him.
@ema 39
Stitches aren’t at all unusual on circumcisions done after infancy. It’s a somewhat different procedure then.MCDONOUGH — Henry County Police say charges are pending against a driver in a crash that killed two people.
Sgt. Joey Smith told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution ( ) a Jeep Cherokee was stopped while cars turned left into a store's parking lot when it was rear ended by a Chevrolet Cavalier.
Smith says the impact sent the Jeep across the center line of the highway, where it was hit by a Chrysler Town and Country.
Smith says 20-year-old Michael Jacob Smith of Locust Grove was driving the Jeep and was pronounced dead on the scene. Smith says his 21-year-old passenger, Chandler Nicole Ellenburg of McDonough, was also killed.
Police are expecting to charge the driver of the Chevrolet with following to close and vehicular homicide.
The driver of the Chrysler suffered minor injuries.NYC Venture Fellows is a world-class, year-long fellowship program designed to help high-potential entrepreneurs scale their ventures in New York City. Established by the New York City Economic Development Corporation and in partnership with 92nd Street Y, this one-of-a-kind program provides:
2014 NYC Venture Fellows share their thoughts on the program:
The 2015 class of NYC Venture Fellows includes 33 leaders of fast-growing ventures from NYC and around the world, including international digital media and education pioneers, enterprise technology innovators, and social entrepreneurs. Each Fellow will be paired with an executive-level mentor and team of advisors, and will participate in networking sessions, 92Y events, and training on relevant issues in the entrepreneurial world.
View biographies for the 2015 Fellows and visit Digital.NYC to see their company profiles!
1905, 2015
Heather Jakub
In the News: 5/11-18
1105, 2015
Heather Jakub
This Week in the News: 5/5-5/11
1105, 2015
Heather Jakub
This Week in the News: 4/28-5/4
Contact NowSt George captain and five eighth, Trent Barrett has been found not guilty by the NRL judiciary on a grade two contrary conduct head-slamming charge.
Barrett was placed on report by referee Matt Cecchin for a head-slam on winger John Olzard in the 46th minute in Saints' 58-16 win over South Sydney last weekend.
The verdict means that Barrett will be available for rounds 25 and 26 of the NRL premiership, Saints having a bye in round 24.Weindruch and Walford summarize their findings in this important area by listing the characteristics, which they feel their experience allows them to predict, in relation to 'thrifty' and place, 'burner' mice (they see no reason why these same findings should not apply to humans). They predict that the thriftiest 20 per cent of a group of 100 mice (or people) to whom dietary restriction is applied will be those with the highest body weights while on the dietary restriction programme.
The 'thrifty' mice (people) will have:
The most likely 'burner' mice (people) would be the 20 per cent of this group with the lowest body weights during dietary restriction, and they would have all these characteristics in reverse.
It is clear that an 'efficient' (thrifty) organism will make the most of the limited food it receives on a restriction programme, and will demonstrate this by maintaining body weight throughout the regime, whereas an 'inefficient' (burner) organism would lose weight and become relatively slim when restricted.
Weindruch and Walford point out that animals become 'thriftier' in their use of energy when on dietary restriction, and that they continue to be thrifty afterwards. One of the major findings in life extension research has been the revelation that core body temperature drops with dietary restriction. The warmer the environmental temperature the less energy the organism (fruit fly, mouse or human) has to generate and expend in order to produce adequate body temperature. Just what effect the external environmental temperature has on the benefits or otherwise of dietary restriction and life extension I cover in Chapter 9.
Making protein
The manufacture of new protein by cells is seen to decline steadily with advancing age, but whether this is because of relative changes in the efficiency of DNA/RNA activity is not certain. One of the features seen during dietary restriction is that of a more efficient synthesis by cells of protein. There is disagreement between experts on whether this improved synthesis of protein is simply a sign of increased youthfulness following (or accompanying) dietary restriction, or whether it is actually a part of the process which produces life extension. One argument which supports the idea that this might be an actual cause of the life extension phenomenon is that it is now known that the changes in protein synthesis (when dietary restriction is applied) are not uniform, they are selective. That is to say some proteins are produced very much more efficiently and abundantly, while at the same time all other proteins are synthesized at only a moderately increased rate, during dietary restriction.
For example, a particular protein called EF-1 ('elongation factor') is seen to be increased dramatically with dietary modification, and this particular protein is known to decline in efficient production before general signs of ageing occur (such as an overall drop in protein synthesis) in a variety of species. Some of these protein synthesis changes might be the result of more RNA being produced (the template sent from the DNA blueprint in the cell nucleus to show the cell what protein to make), or might it simply be the case that the messenger RNAs start binding more efficiently with ribosomes to form new proteins?Occupy Wall Street Poster
I once was a revolutionary. I knew my Marx, Marcuse, Gramsci, Barthes, and Trotsky. I demonstrated for divestiture of Northwestern University assets from apartheid South Africa. I rallied against nukes (at the University of Chicago site where Enrico Fermi, et. al. achieved the first self-sustained nuclear reaction). I danced to the Gang of Four and Mekons back in ‘79. I helped elect Harold Washington the first black Mayor of racially divided Chicago.
To expunge the guilt of my white, upper middle class adult child of Catholic Republican upbringing, I took working class jobs as a baker, carpet cutter, busboy, dishwasher, waiter, tofu factory laborer, organic gardener, apple picker, bulk bin clerk, mover. Down and Out in Paris, London, Falmer, New York, SF? Been there, done that.
I survived off scrounged food from festivals at Chicago’s Grant Park, while squatting in nearby Printer’s Row. I sat the last 78 days of a 90-day silent Zen retreat (living on five hours sleep a night, with no reading, writing, talking, or looking in the eyes allowed). I didn’t procreate because I felt the planet was overpopulated. I ate organic, raw, vegan, macrobiotic, and local before there was a movement called Slow Food or a Whole Foods. I dove into alternate orientations, habitats, lifestyles. I hitchhiked around the USA, visiting communities of Trappists, Benedictines, Findhorn disciples, rebirthers, Native Americans, Quakers, Tibetan Buddhists, and Hindus. Even a few Rainbow Gatherings.
I lived on the road for twelve years in the wildly painted Monkmobile (with an “I Brake for Dykes” bumper sticker on the back bumper, solar panels on the roof, and the first Macintosh computer on the dashboard), often off the grid, often with only brown rice and soybeans in the cupboard. I invented the mobile office and the personal zine. I created a cult fan base by letting the public into the personal guts of my dashboard publishing operation long before this was the mantra of social media firms. I first interviewed post-porn-modernist Annie Sprinkle in ’89, Nirvana’s Kurt Cobain in ’92, Burning Man’s Larry Harvey in ’93. I felt Earth First! had sold out.
I don’t say this to grandstand or to sing my own praises. I say this only to affirm that, by all rights, I have my #Occupy Wall Street countercultural anti-corporate bona fides.
But this will get me nowhere with your average #OWS protester. This is because of the growing dearth of history knowledge among young people, even knowledge of recent leftist/alternative history. This is also because there is invariably a pissing contest among the radical set (of whatever bent) for who is the most pure, most doctrinaire, most rabid, and most recent. This litmus test of fealty is tiresome. The most strident and fixated blowhards in this era get talk shows (Limbaugh, Maddow, Hannity, Schultz, and Beck). Those who want to learn from all sides get education blogs. I am of the latter.
We few, we independent, we band of nuanced brothers get “shot by both sides” (to quote Magazine’s Howard Devoto). We have no natural cohort.
Nevertheless, even though I’ve tired of the anti-establishment rhetoric of yesteryear continually repurposed for today’s issues du jour, even though I know that most protests are a lot of sound and fury signifying nothing (since policy sausage is made invariably by compromisers, not ideologues), I too at times yearn for some tabula rasa that would sweep away the fevered complexity of advanced capitalism, with its credit default swaps, options trading, currency speculation, intricate tax accounting, and infinite babble about the three pillars of the new tech tsunami (social, mobile, and the cloud). I wish at times that I never knew about quarterly earnings reports, bond yields, return on investment, let alone earnings per share. I wish capitalism, business, life was simpler. More bucolic. Less about numbers, more about dancing. Less about angling for advantage and more about angling for fish, love, and community.
In my heart of hearts, I wish for these things. I too want a fresh start. And, though this sentiment is alive in me, I’ve grown older and hopefully wiser. And, at 52, I’m no longer ready to burn down master’s house in order to savor the intoxicating beauty of emptiness. As much as I savor minimalism in my architecture, my surroundings, my very mien, I know that people, institutions, and feelings are fuzzy, and not always amenable to reductivist purity, let alone large-scale large-scale government intervention to achieve that idealistic purity.
And, as imperfect as the status quo is, I know how much sacrifice it took to get to this place of American exceptionalism. And that storming the Bastille is just as likely bring on a reign of unhelpful destruction as it is to engender remedies to 9.1% unemployment, costly health care, interminable wars, environmental desecration, and the corrupting influence of campaign contributions on public policy.
So, when I read about my “brothers and sisters” (to use Cornell West’s signature phraseology) “occupying” Wall Street and dozens of other streets and parks across the fruited plain, I am not excited. As I’ve aged, I’ve grown suspicious of mobs, hordes, and populism in general, whether from the right or the left. And I am equally suspicious of all these radical chic media whores, from Russell Simmons (net worth: $325 million), to Deep Pockets Chopra (net worth: $80 million), to Susan Sarandon (net worth: $50 million), to Michael Moore (net worth: $50 million), who ride he coattails of these mass movements.November has been a month of hexies and Stained QAL blocks...
I've now got four hexies left to piece (and another four that are pieced but haven't been shared) and then I'll have 195 hexies, seventeen of which are 'whole' (i.e. unpieced) and the remaining 178 are pieced.
All my Stained QAL blocks are now in rows and all the vertical joins on the back have been stitched down and Nicky has promised that if I ever plan to use Klona on something that's going to need hand stitching then she's going to shoot me! Stitching a folded Klona edge to a quilted Klona piece is not something I intend to ever do again once this quilt is finished - it took probably three times as long as it would have done with other quilting cotton and I needed a thimble at all times as I couldn't push the needle through with my finger - it went through my finger rather than through the fabric! Having said that, the rows look really good (no photo as it's dark out...maybe next time!) and I'm really pleased with how it's looking. (My sanity has been saved by the occasional block where I was stitching Klona to one of the prints - they went twice as fast as the others but I still needed a thimble!)
I've also (finally) kept my promise and have sorted out a tutorial for the Suffolk puff Christmas trees I made last year. My friend very kindly gave me permission to use her templates and instructions to make a
Archie is much perkier than he was last week and is thoroughly enjoying his walks! He's down to one Tramadol a day (in the morning) and is being allowed off the lead for a little bit further every day, much to his delight! To celebrate feeling brighter he was allowed a chewstick.
I hope that next time I post it'll either be about the final hexies or a grand reveal of the Stained quilt but don't hold me to that!
I've linked up to Lynne@Lily's Quilts for Fresh Sewing Day, why not pop over and see what everyone else has been up to?
so when you do your quilt as you go you hand stitch your sashing pieces down by hand on the back? it looks lovely and I love your fussy cut hexies
I love your hexies, they are so pretty and as for your stained quilt I absolutely love it!! If you want to send it to me that would be lovely and if not send Archie instead... :-) Big Hugs xxx
I really like your hexie blocks and the stained glass quilt.
Oh wow, you have done so much work on your hexies, you have a lot of patience. Can't wait to see the final reveal
I really love the texture of the quilting on your stained quilt!
My finger feels for you. I have been doing so much hand stitching this week my finger is pierced too. It hurts! But your projects are looking fantastic if that is any consolation.
wow that's a lot of hexies ... like a little army ready to fight off the cold!
Oh no! Hand sewing klona is painful, I tried hand quilting it once... It is brilliant for machine sewing tho. Stained is looking wonderful, but the hexies are just freakin awesome!!
Your hexies look like snow flakes! Love them.
A very good looking month.
Good to know about the klona. I got some moda bella solids this week and they look like being perfect for hand sewing.
I'm so loving your pieced hexies...the feature one in your collage I think is my absolute fav so far...but they are all gorgeous...
OMG do you have to hand sew the bits together with the QAYG thingy. I just don't think I could do this. Fab makes though - love seeing the latest hexies.
blimey, that's a LOT of hexies! They are amazing!
The hexies are a work of art. Di x
Go you -if you have the hexies and Stained done by the end of the year it will be brilliant!
Klona trials - you must persevere!
Those stained blocks are looking amazing! As are the hexies! We stopped buying Poppy those horrid chew sticks when we kept discovering them buried in the garden or down the sides of her chair, unchewed!! Fussy dog! Jxo
You have been a very very good girl! Santa is watching! :)
Both these projects are so lovely, you will have finishes soon. Archie is looking so cute these days.
Yeah keep going - you are doing so fabulously well! The results will be awesome!
I know I promised but I couldn't really! So stay away from the Klona!
I love your hexies. The way you got the stripes to work out is so impressive!
Crikey, you've been busy, well done!
Fiona
Great work! Love both the hexagons and stained glass. Looking forward to seeing your finished hexagon project . Also love your little trees :-). Bunnyhugs to Archie x
Awesome... How did you piece together the bottom right Hexie?
Had a look at some of your previous posts, and love your pics of Archie!
Those hexes are stunning!
I can't wait to see the Stained quilt, it is looking wonderful! But ouch to the hand sewing!!
Taken note of Kona and handstitching! Hexagons are fabulous,bit like sugared almonds.Hurry up and show us the whole thing...Please!. Delighted to read Archie is on the mend,long may it continue. He has had a rough year.x
Wow you've made lots of progress on those stained blocks, looking good.
I love seeing your hexies...they are so beautiful and seeing your progress on your stained glass. And very pleased to see and hear that Archie is feeling better.
Love those hexies and your stained quilt is looking fab, I love the quilting. Archie is, as always, looking gorgeous!
What a lovely smorgasbord of photos! And the Stained Glass is looking so smart. Lots of hard work there. I am not enjoying "needle turning" Kona...I guess I will swear *&#!#* even more when I go to quilt it. Thanks for the thumbs up.
Is Archie allowed to eat in bed?
I adore your hexies!! Glad Archie is doing well and hope you are too :)
Your hexies are looking lovely and I've just visited your tree tute - I love it. I'd never have guessed they'd be so simple. Definitely on my to do list now :)
I like those trees Helen.....are you ready for the big day?
Thank you very much for the last FMQ sample.I still have hopes of getting a paper out to a journal by the end of the semester. Stuff submitted just before the break always seems to take longer to get a referee report back on, but if I wait until we get back for the spring semester it'll be even longer. So I might as well punch it out and get it situated on some editor's desk (so he can get it on a reviewer's desk).
While I'm finishing up the edits, here are some links to keep y'all busy:
The Wall Street Journal has a piece titled "The November Effect"that says that the stock prices of big winners (and losers) reverse course in November. I'm not aware of any academic research that shows this, but I'm more of a corporate guy. Still, it's interesting.Enough bloggery - back to work.
Matthew Goldstein of Thestreet.com is reporting on leveraged private-equity backed IPOs (or LIPOs, as they're commonly known). PE-backed IPOs accounted for 42% of all offereings this year, so they've become a significant part of the IPO market.
This week's Carnival of the Capitalists is up at Blueprint For Financial Prosperity. My pick of the week is the post by gongol.com that claims that responding to penny-stock internet spam may be unwittingly funding terrorism.
The Wall Street Journal online has a piece on Information networks.
It seems that there are now companies that pay industry "consultants" to gain superior information about the firms (or industries). Larry Ribstein says it's the inevitable consequence of Reg FD.
Eszter Hargittai gives a primer on how to send emails to academics correctly. If you're a reporter or someone trying to get help from one of my tribe read it - it's got some very good info.
Marketwatch.com reports on "Fundamental etf's" - ETFs that base portfolio wieghts not on market cap, but on factors like sales, market-book, market share, and so on.
1 comment:
There may be a daily amount payable to remove any insurance paphos car Hire service that has everything you need. Giftivo Giftivo is a gift recommendation website that works by importing your friends' Facebook profile data to provide customized gift ideas. Giftivo can also recommend gifts for friends with limited... Recordlective Recordlective combines various sources to provide music fans the ability to stream music albums from start to finish. Muskie's Favourite Quotation Mashup A mashup displaying my collected favourite quotations and sourcing data from various APIs. Add Mashup Related Articles /View all Chakram Offers Scalable REST API Testing Framework Chakram Offers Scalable REST API Testing Framework Chakram is a new REST API testing framework. The framework uses the behavior-driven development style and exploits JavaScript promises. News Eric Carter Testing, API Design, Developers 04-21-2015 Chakram Offers Scalable REST API Testing FrameworkAUGUSTA, Ga. - Mr. Bernard E. "Snake" Meadows was preceded in death by his parents, Bernard Earl Meadows and Sallie Mae Cain; a sister, Jackie Phillips; and a son, Ricky Dean Meadows.
He is survived by his wife of 28 years, Bea Meadows. He was a loving father of four sons and three daughters: David Horne, Jr., Gerald Horne, Van Meadows, Bernard Meadows, Jr., Stephanie Meadows, Dawn Meadows, Heaven Meadows. He also has nine grandchildren: Paige Horne, Cloi Meadows, Skylar, Chanceller, Christian, Lacey, TJ and two more. He was also survived by four sisters and one brother: Audrey Padgett (George), Ruth Welch (David), Pat Hadden (Donald), Billie Tudor (Lindy), Sam Meadows (Sandra); and several nieces and nephews of Thomson.
There will be a Memorial Service at Bethel Baptist Church in Thomson, Ga., on Saturday, May 2, 2009 at 1 p.m., with the Rev. Tim Ferrel officiating.Got the ambigous auto-completion helpfullness and --this=thing (should even to --this=thing=that if you're using a hash.) No love for your ~'s. That's the shell's fault. Release is maybe a week or two out still (mostly for needing to check out Pod::Readme.) Feel free to play. Send comments, tests, etc. Any thoughts on the name? Thanks, Eric -- Peer's Law: The solution to the problem changes the problem. --------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------doctape API
.
Specs
Yes
developer@doctape.com
OAuth 2.0
Related Articles
API Spotlight: Geopulse Context, Talkray, and Ephesoft APIs
API Spotlight: Geopulse Context, Talkray, and Ephesoft APIs
The Doctape API: Not Just Another Cloud Storage Bin--It's Neat!
The Doctape API: Not Just Another Cloud Storage Bin--It's Neat!
Source Code
Sorry, no source code for this API.
Sorry, no resources found for this API.
Developers (0)
Followers (3)
Sorry, no mashups for this API.Conference Fees
Credit Union Attendees
$995 for each credit union attendee
$495 each attendee from credit unions under $35 million in assets
(to receive discount, enter promotional code GACSMALL on the "complete checkout" page. Select "apply promo" and your discount will be automatically calculated.)
Exhibitors should go to b2cu.cuna.org to register.
Register online with ACH debit payment, VISA, or MasterCard. Be sure to have your account numbers available when you register. To pay by check, download the PDF registration form and mail it with your payment. Affiliation with CUNA/League is required for attendance, but limited exceptions may apply.
Please contact CUNA prior to making travel arrangements to confirm eligibility.
Onsite registration will be available for affiliated credit unions only. Non-exhibitors or representatives of non-exhibiting companies may not register as participants and may not canvass, solicit business or distribute literature in another company's exhibit booth, any part of the exhibit hall, conference hotels or conference meeting areas without written permission from CUNA.
Conference fee includes
- Admission to the exhibit hall on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday
- Sunday evening reception and CUNA Councils opening concert
- Continental breakfast and lunch in the exhibit hall on Monday and Tuesday
- Admission to the conference general sessions, breakout sessions, CUNA annual general meeting, legislative and political update, and NCUA reception
- Late Night at the GAC social event on Tuesday night at The Renaissance
- Closing Gala on Wednesday night at The Renaissance
* The Small Credit Union Roundtable is complimentary. This offering will provide small credit unions an opportunity to learn about resources, share ideas, and collaborate on a wide variety of issues from compliance to succession planning.
** National CU Foundation Dinner Presenting the Herb Wegner Awards is a separate ticketed event and is not included in the registration fee.
Renders – Witcher 3 Wild Hunt … Finally! May 17, 2015 by Gorgo 2 And so the wait is over , Wild Hunt will be released next Tuesday , we will finally continue to live the adventures of our Geralt . I would say to celebrate the return of our friend with white hair with these beautiful works of art. Enjoy. Bye!B’More Fit: Jennifer Hudson Joins Mayor In Fight Against Obesity
CBS Baltimore (con't)
Affordable Care Act Updates:
CBSBaltimore.com/ACA
Health News & Information:
CBSBaltimore.com/Health
BALTIMORE (WJZ)—City leaders and a celebrity join together to fight obesity in Baltimore. Jennifer Hudson was in Charm City to get the word out about B’More Fit!
Monique Griego has more.
“American Idol” alum and now Hollywood star Jennifer Hudson fought and won a battle with her weight.
Now as an ambassador for Weight Watchers, she’s trying to encourage others to get healthy.
“You can do it. I myself thought Weight Watchers was crazy when they came to me. I’m like ‘I can’t lose no weight eating no popcorn,’” Hudson said.
Hudson joined the mayor, city health leaders and Weight Watchers representatives to announce an expansion of B’More Fit for Healthy Babies program thanks to a new grant.
“To serve more women in the Patterson Park and Druid Hill neighborhoods as well as men, women and seniors in the Park Heights community,” said Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.
The program aims to curb obesity rates and foster healthy lifestyles in low-income communities.
Graphic statistics show 36 percent of people in Baltimore City are obese. That’s higher than the national average of 35.7 percent and Maryland’s average of 28.3 percent.
A major part of the program focuses on stopping childhood obesity.
“Children deserve a healthy start in life, and our families and communities need to take action,” Rawlings-Blake said.
Obese children are at a greater risk for developing diabetes, high blood pressure and heart disease.
But with the help of Weight Watchers, the city hopes to not only help them, but their parents who are struggling to start a healthy lifestyle.
“It works if you work it, so you have to work it and you have to make it work for you,” Hudson said.
Anyone with a body mass index of 25 or higher is considered overweight, 30 or higher is considered obese.
Other Local News:MY PERSONAL EXPERIENCE WITH GOD
Only when we have individually seen, touched, heard, tasted, experienced these
things can we speak of them knowingly. And yet, is a challenge to find words to
describe what we have experienced because it is SO individual. It is deep and occurs
on many levels. It's nearly impossible to fully and justly describe these events in
words. The heart feels. As always, each person must discover their own truths.
One event in my life stands out as a good example of what I have experienced
in terms of how I actually saw and felt God, the Source, and realized I am a co-creator
with God. It was so awesome. I wish to share it with you and do my best to
escribe it. But please know the full impact of what I went through cannot
be felt by anyone else - it was my own experience. I don't ask you to believe
it, either.
Over five years ago I was at a point in my life where I wasn't quite sure
what my next step would be. A part of me felt I had done what I came here
to do and I was ready to leave. Another part wondered if there would be
more for me to do if I stayed. I asked over and over to see the Source for
myself, see if I could go towards it, and watch what happens.
Several nights later my desire came true. I went into a very deep meditation,
lying down this time, and asked for the Source. It was pitch black. Little by
little, swirling colors appeared and a glorious, intensely bright dot of light
began expanding in the center of my view. I watched the light grow larger
and brighter, radiating energy outwards in all directions, and I began moving
towards it. I felt the pull away from my body as I went further and further.
I knew beyond any doubt that had I continued moving into the
light I would have left my life on Earth. But that light felt so good! I just
wanted to be with it.
This light wasn't a male or female; it was energy, light, vibration. It was
everything. I got closer, closer, closer and suddenly a voice came out from the light.
The light had a voice. It was both audible and telepathic. And what it said surprised
the heck out of me!
The voice told me that in two weeks, and named the date, was the original
date for my life contract to be up. In other words, that's when I had planned
to physically die in this lifetime. Of course, I was stunned. Then the voice
asked me, "Do you want to go on that day, or stay? The choice is yours."
This was serious stuff. I was put on the line. (Now I know that I had put myself
on the line. By asking for the experience, I received it.) What did I really want to do?
Rapidly, visions and emotions came to me - what was it I really wanted to do in my life
and haven't yet done? Did I want to stay for my children? This wasn't the first time
I had encountered this question...except the other times it was me wanting to
depart and being told it was not yet my time to leave.
This was very different, though. This was the big cheese,
the head honcho - the main Light, God itself. I could not fool this thing.
I had to be as true to myself, and It, as I could be. Although I wasn't quite
clear on everything I would be doing if I stayed, what came out of my mouth
surprised even me! I knew I had more to accomplish. I answered the light Source,
still slightly hesitantly, "I want to stay." The Source immediately commanded,
"So it is - It is granted."
FLASH! I was back in my conscious body in total amazement of what
had just happened. Was it for real? Could it be trusted? Yes - something
told me this was not a joke. But, what if I really was going to die in two weeks?
How would I die? Could I pick out my own way to go? What would I do?
What I did was live my life feeling it may be the end of it here, and yet planning
for the future in case I stayed. Not a comfortable feeling at all. Those two weeks
were nerve wracking. Pins and needles time. At that time I told no one else about it.
The two weeks quickly arrived and the date I was to transition was upon me.
Minute by minute, hour by hour, I watched the clock. I was still alive, still here.
Even after midnight, I was not completely convinced that I was staying. But,
the next day there was no doubt in my mind that I had truly transformed my
life. I had changed my original departure plan.
Have you ever thought what that would mean to you: to be given the choice
to leave or stay? To be so allowed and loved to that extent that whatever you
decide to do is granted?! For years my guides told me that we are all co-creators
and in charge of our lives. But until this experience, I didn't really appreciate what that
meant. What a revelation this was for me. Our lives ARE completely in our own
hands and we are unconditionally supported in our choices.
Not just our time of dying to the next life, either. Everything we do is our choice
through desire. Even when we assume we aren't doing anything. Even when we
are determined NOT to make a decision, we HAVE made a choice. The big question
out of all of this is - CAN WE ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR OURSELVES AND OUR
CHOICES? Can we be more conscious of how, when and why we make decisions?
Look back at your own lives. Get out of feeling like a victim or martyr for this
moment. Who do you feel made decisions for you? When did you feel you were
completely in charge of your life, doing it your way? In retrospect, do you
feel that it was really out of your hands at eny time? If you just accept this
idea of having made each decision for yourselves right now, can you
see the beauty and creative license and ability within yourselves? Can you see how
each choice brought a new part of yourself to yourself, to others, of and to
the universe? We don't need to blame anyone any more. We don't need
to wait for anyone else's permission to do what we know is right for
ourselves. We do have free will. How can we ignore the God that we are?
Wow! Isn't it perfect?
One of my lovely spirit mentors, Dr. Peebles, says, "You are the paintbrush.
Life is the canvas. Learn this, and you will never feel the victim again." When
we realize the remarkable power that we have as creators and co-creators
with the Source, WE CAN make all of our dreams come true. We can create
our lives as a beautiful work of art of our own choosing. You don't have to
take my word for it. Find out on your own. Ask the God within you.
BACK TO LUMINARIESCrossword Puzzle Number 465 (Large Grid)
1. A watery solution of sugars, salts, and minerals that circulates through the vascular system of a plant.
4. African tree with edible yellow fruit resembling mangos.
8. A Chadic language spoken south of Lake Chad.
12. An aggressive remark directed at a person like a missile and intended to have a telling effect.
16. An accountant certified by the state.
17. South American armadillo with three bands of bony plates.
18. A theocratic republic in the Middle East in western Asia.
19. Someone who copies the words or behavior of another.
20. Relating to or characteristic of or occurring in the air.
21. (Greek mythology) The goddess of youth and spring.
22. Small short-eared burrowing mammal of rocky uplands of Asia and western North America.
23. Remove with or as if with a ladle.
24. (Irish) Mother of the Tuatha De Danann.
26. Of or relating to a coast.
29. A very poisonous metallic element that has three allotropic forms.
30. The blood group whose red cells carry both the A and B antigens.
31. A very light colorless element that is one of the six inert gasses.
32. Lower in esteem.
34. Type genus of the Apidae.
40. Cubes of meat marinated and cooked on a skewer usually with vegetables.
44. Meat from a calf.
46. Cause annoyance in.
47. A colorless and odorless inert gas.
48. Relating to or containing the azo radical.
52. Place or situation affording some advantage (especially a comprehensive view or commanding perspective).
57. Fill to satisfaction.
58. One of the most common of the five major classes of immunoglobulins.
59. A compartment in front of a motor vehicle where driver sits.
60. Declare invalid.
61. The act of moving along swiftly (as before a gale).
62. The fourth month of the civil year.
64. (Norse mythology) Ruler of the Aesir.
65. (British) Your grandmother.
67. The compass point midway between east and southeast.
68. A workplace for the conduct of scientific research.
70. Striped hyena of southeast Africa that feeds chiefly on insects.
73. A bag filled with sand.
77. A trivalent metallic element of the rare earth group.
78. A state in the eastern United States.
81. A projecting bay window corbeled or cantilevered out from a wall.
82. Extremely exciting as if by alcohol or a narcotic.
87. Grow together (of plants and organs).
89. Any warm-blooded vertebrate having the skin more or less covered with hair.
91. A unit of pressure.
92. Meat from a calf.
93. A former copper coin of Pakistan.
95. A British peer ranking below a Marquess and above a Viscount.
96. Thigh of a hog (usually smoked).
97. Founder of Christian Science in 1866 (1821-1910).
98. A contagious skin infection caused by the itch mite.
99. Amino acid that is formed in the liver and converted into dopamine in the brain.
100. A flat wing-shaped process or winglike part of an organism.
1. Any of a number of fishes of the family Carangidae.
2. The capital of Western Samoa.
3. A river in northeastern Brazil that flows generally northward to the Atlantic Ocean.
4. The longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
5. A medicinal drug used to evoke vomiting (especially in cases of drug overdose or poisoning).
6. Cubes of meat marinated and cooked on a skewer usually with vegetables.
7. A particular geographical region of indefinite boundary (usually serving some special purpose or distinguished by its people or culture or geography).
8. A large order of insects having a single pair of wings and sucking or piercing mouths.
9. An elaborate song for solo voice.
10. Rich Middle Eastern cake made of thin layers of flaky pastry filled with nuts and honey.
11. (Irish) Mother of the ancient Irish gods.
12. A pale rose-colored variety of the ruby spinel.
13. With rapid movements.
14. Make anew.
15. A submachine gun operated by gas pressure.
25. Used in an attack.
27. A support that consists of a horizontal surface for holding objects.
28. A decree that prohibits something.
33. Having undesirable or negative qualities.
35. The peers of a kingdom considered as a group.
36. A port in western Israel on the Mediterranean.
37. 30 to 300 gigahertz.
38. Exhaled breath.
39. Be earlier in time.
41. A small roofed building affording shade and rest.
42. Extending or lying across.
43. A cephalosporin that can be given parenterally (trade name Zinacef) or orally by tablets (trade name Ceftin).
45. Mentally or physically infirm with age.
49. Hardened sugary exudation of various trees.
50. Any of several coarse tall perennial grasses of most warm areas.
51. Rice cooked in well-seasoned broth with onions or celery and usually poultry or game or shellfish and sometimes tomatoes.
53. Tag the base runner to get him out.
54. Capable of being acted.
55. (Greek mythology) Goddess of the earth and mother of Cronus and the Titans in ancient mythology.
56. An organization of independent states to promote international peace and security.
63. Advanced in years.
64. The longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code.
66. A short novel.
67. A pale rose-colored variety of the ruby spinel.
69. A soft silvery metallic element of the alkali earth group.
71. Having corresponding sounds especially terminal sounds.
72. The act of slowing down or falling behind.
74. (architecture) Forming or resembling an arch.
75. A rechargeable battery with a nickel cathode and a cadmium anode.
76. Port city in northwestern Belgium and industrial center.
77. (Akkadian) God of wisdom.
79. Of or in or relating to the nose.
80. (Jungian psychology) The inner self (not the external persona) that is in touch with the unconscious.
83. A woman hired to suckle a child of someone else.
84. An official prosecutor for a judicial district.
85. An association of people to promote the welfare of senior citizens.
86. An ancient Hebrew unit of dry measure equal to about a bushel.
88. Of or relating to or characteristic of Thailand of its people.
90. An enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of many body compounds (e.g., epinephrine and norepinephrine and serotonin).
94. A state in southeastern United States.
Feel free to print out this crossword puzzle for your personal use. You may also link to it. However, this web page and puzzle are copyrighted and may not be distributed without prior written consent.New Sharks boss: Jake White
The Sharks have confirmed the appointment of former Brumbies coach, Jake White, as their new director of rugby.
White's tenure will be effective from the end of October 2013.
The Sharks CEO John Smit expressed his delight at the imminent arrival of the Springboks' 2007 World Cup winning coach at the Durban-based franchise.
"We are immensely happy to confirm the appointment of Jake White as our new Director of Rugby," he told The Sharks' official website.
"We formed a formidable relationship during my playing career and I am delighted to re-establish that partnership, which is in line with our vision to take The Sharks to the next level.
"Jake is an experienced coach whose track record speaks volumes about his ability to rally his team and get the best out of them. We are pleased that he has decided to join The Sharks."
Smit also shed light on the role of the Sharks' current director of rugby, Brendan Venter.
"Brendan Venter's commitment to me was to drastically change our players' environment which we think he has done with extreme success," he said.
"Brendan has no written contract with The Sharks which is a testament to his character and his positive motives in coaching us and we will do whatever we can to keep him involved with us for as long as possible, in any capacity."
Further information pertaining to the appointment will be released later on Monday.Vintage Vitsoe
Images
—01-03. Catalog designed by Neville Brody.
Words
Vitsoe recently launched a Tumblr website that's been showcasing a variety of vintage collateral and design pieces the brand has produced over the years. The work is nicely shot and provides insight into some of the past projects and archives that we might not otherwise get to see.
Reader CommentsLinuxQuestions.org
(
/questions/
)
-
Linux - Distributions
(
)
- -
RedHat 7.3 post install configuration LOCKS UP
(
)
sput
07-16-2002 04:01 AM
RedHat 7.3 post install configuration LOCKS UP
Please help!
I am attempting to install redhat 7.3 on my toshiba tecra 8100 laptop. The installer goes all the way till the end and about 2/3rd's of the way through 'performing post install configuration' and it locks up on me! Any ideas? Has anyone had this problem before?
I have installed mandrake 8.2 on the same laptop and have had no problems at all.
I have also installed redhat 7.3 from the same (downloaded) cd's on my desktop pc without problems.
pkinney@pwk.ath.cx
Mara
07-16-2002 10:40 AM
Before it hangs, use ctrl+alt+F3 (I'm not sure if it's F3, it may be F2) to see installation log. Look where it stops.
sput
07-16-2002 08:18 PM
That didnt work, and it locked up again in the same spot.. I've tried this going on 10 tries now.. anyone else have any ideas or know of any compatability issues with redhat and toshiba laptops?
I could just put mandrake back on there, but... you know, it's mandrake... I actually am going to give LFS a shot but would like to have redhat working first.. please if anyone can help I would appreciate it.
Mara
07-17-2002 07:35 AM
The method I gave won't make it pass this point. It'll only tell you WHERE it stops. "Post install configuration" is quite a compilcated task.
bussell
07-18-2002 04:44 PM
Same post installation lock up problem here.:confused:
RH 7.3 stalls 2/3 through post installation configuration.
My platform is different though (might provide some clues to those more astute than myself).
Dell, Pentium III 800MHz, 80GB Western Digital HD on hdc controller, Windows Me installed on hda (10GB), 256MB RAM.
I'll work on getting an installation log and then repost.
Thanks all,
Me.
sput
07-19-2002 06:00 AM
Ok, I actually got it working now..
what I did was NOT let redhat set my partitions for me.. I set those up manually using fdisk that comes with the cd.. that worked great. So you might want to try that Bussell.. thanks Mara for trying help, I appreciate it.
-Sput
bussell
07-19-2002 08:34 AM
Good to see the resolution to this problem for your Toshiba.
I went the same route as you did (sort of). I partitioned manually with cfdisk.
I shied away from auto-partitioning because hda is filled with stuff I don't want to erase.
Is there an option for selecting hdc over hda w/ auto-partitioning?
Apologies in advance for a question that may be answered empirically.
However, a little theory is nice when the possibility of erasing 10GB worth of data arises.
Aside from that, any ideas on why this arose from a manual partitioning?
btw, I was able to start up linux and configure XFree86 without having to finish the post-installation configuration.
Just had some problems with new user creation. Out of curiosity, anybody have an explanation for that?
Thanks,
Me.:D
Mara
07-19-2002 12:10 PM
To bussel: post install configuration is just a configuration process. Installation is done before. When it hangs with most of the work done, only some programs will be unconfigured :)
All times are GMT -5. The time now is
05:32 AM
.Safe and Dangerous Places in Orlando
TEXT SIZE:AAA
Alamy
Safest areas
No. 1 should be no surprise. Walt Disney World is the safest place to be in the Orlando area. Crime is committed here but it's rare. From the moment you pass the large Mickey gates, you are on camera. Look carefully at those ornate lampposts, the parking posts and the entrance and exit signs; chances are that you are staring at a security camera. Disney World has its own police force with more advanced technology and systems than a lot of police departments.
Universal Studios and Islands of Adventure are also safe. Like Disney, there are cameras and security officers everywhere. There are the undercover officers, the electric carts that zip through the parking lot. They come in at No. 2 because, unlike Disney, there are a few blind spots in Universal's security -- not enough to make the area in any way dangerous but enough to knock it into second. One blind spot is in the parking garages. Where Disney will have clearly visible guards driving by on a regular basis, Universal has fewer guards looking after a smaller area than their competition. There are emergency phones located within the garage on every other post in case a security guard is not within shouting distance. Another blind spot is in portions of the CityWalk area. While cameras are prevalent, the CityWalk area does not require a ticket purchase and there are a few areas between buildings where foot traffic, and eyewitnesses, are scarce.
The third-safest is the Mall at Millenia area off Conroy Road. The mall is beautiful and full of shops for the whole family. The security here is tight, because of the high-end merchandise. The valet parking will deter anyone from shopping in your car, and the regular patrols of the police vehicles (Krispy Kreme is across the street from the mall) will discourage any open attacks here. A note of caution: During a busy Christmas season, it was reported that some shoppers from the mall were followed home if they were seen carrying valuable merchandise. No attacks took place on the property.
Areas to avoid
What about the most dangerous places, those with high crime rates? Here are some areas you might want to avoid in Orlando. No. 1 is the west side of Interstate 4 in downtown Orlando. This crime-ridden section is located in a diamond-shaped area between I-4 and 408. While there are a few residents in this area who are there because they moved in before the neighborhood became what it is today, it is common for muggings, robberies, drug deals and more to occur here. It is an area populated with prostitutes, drug addicts and gang members. This area reaches into the sections called Carver Shores and Pine Hills, known to locals as "Crime Hills". A wrong turn around Universal Studios just three miles down Kirkman Road can put you directly into the middle of Pine Hills. Another wrong turn off Kirkman near Universal in the other direction can put you into the second most dangerous area:
Tangelo Park, just off of Sand Lake Road behind International Drive and Kirkman Road. This neighborhood once served as a navy base in Orlando; but now, drug dealers stand on the corners, literally with an open raincoat showing off their products. There is one way in and one way out of this neighborhood. Turning down one of the many side streets leads only to dead ends and possible ambushes. Cab drivers and pizza delivery places will not service this area at night. Some have even been robbed in broad daylight because it became too common for residents to set up an ambush down one of the side streets to relieve the drivers of their money. The small gas station on the corner has been shut down, sold and purchased by new owners a number of times because it has been robbed repeatedly.
The third area to avoid is the road known in Orlando as OBT, or Orange Blossom Trail. The section of the road from north of Rosemont to the Turnpike South is one of the most crime-ridden areas of Orlando. Locals are familiar with the area because of the plentiful supply of prostitutes and adult-oriented entertainment centers. It is a local joke for a woman to say that she works on OBT, even if she works a legitimate job with a location that just so happens to be on that street.
-
- Favorite US and UK Fairs [Lonely Planet]
- Free Things to Do in Orlando [National Geographic]
Add a Comment
There are*March 07 2015 at 2:12 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
There is 2 ways in and out of Tangelo Park. I used to play basketball at the YMCA when I was a kid.March 07 2015 at 2:11 PM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
You forgot Pine Hills, South Semoran are between Colonial Drive and Pershing Avenue; the Parramore district Oakridge, Americana Boulevard area, and certain areas of Kissimmee (a suburb of Orlando) such as neighborhoods west of the train tracks off highway 192 (many seedy motels and prostitution there)...
Orlando is full of crime. In fact, it is a well known fact to the locals, that many of the crimes are not shown on TV because of Disney.
We have lots of bad areas in O-town --why list just those? I've been here since 1967 so I know exactly what I'm talking about.June 30 2014 at 3:21 AM Report abuse Permalink rate up rate down Reply
I agree with you Poly... i have been here for decades, and have seen the change first hand as well.November 03 2014 at 9DPWH finishes P7.74-B infra projects in Northeastern, Southern Mindanao regions
February 14, 2010 11:52 am
BUTUAN CITY, Feb. 14 – The Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) has completed on time P7.74 billion big infrastructure projects in Northeastern and Southern Mindanao regions.
In her Mindanao agriculture tour, President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo will inspect these big completed infrastructure projects on Tuesday.
DPWH XIII regional director Dr. Evelyn T. Barroso reported that P4.74 billion worth of various public works projects located at various areas in the region and some of the commitments of President Arroyo in her State-of-the-Nation Address (SONA) were already completed under 2009 budget.
Barroso said the DPWH Caraga has also completed ahead of schedule late last year and some of these early part of this month on 216 road projects and seven bridges totaling 63.519 lineal kilometers.
“The ground works of the Lingig-Boston Section is also on going without let up,” she said.
She added: “Once all these projects are completed, it is expected to promote the development of agriculture and tourism in these area".
Meanwhile, the DPWH) XI has also completed on time P3.02 billion worth of big-ticket infrastructure projects promised by President Arroyo in her SONA in 2007, DPWH officials also reported on Sunday.
The regional office of DPWH XI has completed the P1.14 billion worth Manay section of Surigao Sur-Davao Oriental Coastal Road which, DPWH said, serves as the "main trunkline" of coastal municipalities of Davao Oriental in Southern Mindanao and Surigao del Sur and Surigao del Norte in Caraga region, leading to the main Pan Philippine Highway.
The Davao Oriental section of the Surigao-Davao Orieantal Coastal Road starts at the municipality of Manay, traversing the towns of Caraga, Baganga, Cateel and ends in Boston, spanning a total length of 132 kilometers.
DPWH XI said the road project forms part of the country's arterial road network, "and is classified as one of the roads of strategic importance."
DPWH Xl regional director Osop L. Ali said the project is intended to strengthen the socio-economic linkage among and between provinces and municipalities where it is passing through.
DPWH Undersecretary Romeo S. Momo said the completion of these big infra projects in Northeastern and Southern Mindanao region will vastly improve accessibility and transportation services as well as expedite the delivery of goods, social services and enhance mobility.
“Income of the residents in these areas and revenues of the local government units will surely rise,” he added.
Meanwhile, DPWH XI also has hit completion schedule of the more than P2 billion worth Kapalong-Talaingod-Bukidnon Road which spans a total length of 57.79 kilometers. The project also covers construction of six bridges.
Its road section works from Kapalong to Talaingod in Davao del Norte covers road improvement and concreting.
Stretching from Talaingod to Kalagangan in San Fernando, Bukidnon, the road project links Southern and Northern Mindanao regions, serving as an inter-regional link that connects the Pan Philippine Highway in Davao del Norte and the SAYRE Highway in Bukidnon.
DPWH said the Talaingod (Davao del Norte)-Bukidnon Road is intended to become an alternate of the Davao-Calinan-Bukidnon and the Agusan-Davao Road thus diverting traffic from these routes should they be closed in case of landslides and major road repairs.
It will also open great opportunities for farming communities because it will traverse vast agricultural lands, the DPWH added. (PNA)
LDV/MUC/jsdAnyone up for a trip to Innerleithen or Glentress this Wednesday ?
6:30/7pm start.
Hell yeah TBC. I'm a cowboy, on a carbon fibre horse I ride...
In theory I ought to be able to do 1 other person, from the west side of Edinburgh... In practice that person will need to be fairly accepting of worrying mechanical noises and an increased probability of a wheel falling off
Any preference of where? Always think GT makes a better night ride but I'm up for either.
Forecast is suggesting it will clear up tomorrow afternoon/night. Let's go for a 7pm start at Glentress leaving from the lower (lower) car park. I will be leaving around 6pm from Gilmore Place and have room for 1/2 people/bikes.
See you tomorrow.
Will we need lights ?
7pm at Glentress sounds grand to me. Anyone wanting a lift from the Currie end of town can give me a ring on 07796 896173, though, if the weather's looking evil I reserve the right to bail
As for lights- don't think we should need them but I'm bringing mine, group rides are a bit more vulnerable to delay.
Right, to try and lift the Tuesday blues (which have run over from yesterday) I'll commit to this (DISCLAIMER - this is based on the forecast of it clearing up!).
Will be leaving from Gorgie, probably around 6. Presuming the lower (lower) carpark is the first one you come to? I'll be driving a blue Mondeo ST.
Give me a shout (either on this thread or email) if anyone wants a lift. Not a problem for me to swing by the Gyle if it's out of your way Northwind.
Ah ok - think I know where you are. If it's where I'm now thinking it is then I nearly had an over-the-bars incident plowing into what I thought was a shallow muddy bit (but wasn't!) during the winter.
Previously I was thinking it was the bit that floods that's in the first dip that you get to when heading from Bavelaw Castle into Green Cleugh.
Advertisement
This topic has been closed to new replies.
Not got an account?Atlassian raises $150M on $3.3B valuation to buy back employee shares
Atlassian is an interesting company, unusual in many ways. The software development-oriented work management company employs not a single full-time salesperson, although the company has over 35,000 client companies and 800 employees.
It has been profitable for years, but it is raising a round, as reported by the WSJ and Venturebeat, to get some cash to employees and early investors rather than racing to a near-term IPO. So it’s bringing in $150 million on a $3.3 billion valuation based on a $200 million run rate.
Competing with Github on the developer support side, and Yammer, Jive, and other conversational work media companies for other functions. Atlassian uses the camel’s nose approach: first it is brought into the company by developers, who use the company’s Jira and other developer and support-specific tools. Then, the developers start to engage with other functions — product management product marketing, customer support — with the company’s Confluence tool. Often that tool spreads across the company, and it starts with a dedicated community of developers infecting the entire company.
And the company is also wise to the way the world is headed, and acquired Hipchat in 2012, to increase its messaging offerings.Stage Team HTC – Columbia - 0:03:20
9 Daniel Martin Garmin – Transitions - 0:03:31
10 John Gadret AG2R La Mondiale - 0:03:46
General Classification After Stage 15
1 David Arroyo Duran Caisse d’Epargne - 67:48:42
2 Richie Porte Team Saxo Bank - 0:02:35
3 Ivan Basso Liquigas-Doimo - 0:03:33
4 Carlos Sastre Candil Cervelo Test Team - 0:04:21
5 Cadel Evans BMC Racing Team - 0:04:43
6 Alexandre Vinokourov Astana - 0:05:51
7 Vincenzo Nibali Liquigas-Doimo - 0:06:08
8 Michele Scarponi Androni Giocattoli - 0:06:34
9 Linus Gerdemann Team Milram - 0:07:12
10 Robert Kiserlovski Liquigas-Doimo - 0:08:13
Links to news sites…
“Gutsy Basso wins on Zoncolan
By Mike Hytner / Eurosport
Ivan Basso of Liquigas took victory on Stage 15 of the Giro d’Italia after a gruelling mountain climb in northern Italy to move to within touching distance of the pink jersey.
The Italian rider showed immense grit on a tortuous climb up the infamous Monte Zoncolan to pull away from Cadel Evans (BMC Racing Team) at the end of the 218 kilometre stage.
Michele Scarponi (Diquigiovanni-Androni) closed the gap on Evans in the closing stages but had to settle for third while Damiano Cunego (Lampre) came in fourth, 1min 58secs behind Basso.
Alexandre Vinokourov (Astana) finished fifth, while Carlos Sastre (Cervelo TestTeam) completed an amazing recovery to come from dead last to finish in sixth.
Stage 14 winner Vincenzo Nibali (Liquigas) and Marco Pinotti (HTC-Colombia) completed the top eight.” Read more from EuroSport…
“Basso conquers punishing Stage 15 climb
By Universal Sports
MONTE ZONCOLAN, Italy (Reuters) — Italy’s Ivan Basso strained every last sinew to win the 15th stage of the Giro d’Italia on Sunday after an epic late battle with world champion Cadel Evans on one of the steepest climbs imaginable.
Spain’s David Arroyo retained the race lead ahead of Richie Porte but Basso has shot up to third in the overall standings, just three minutes 33 seconds behind the pink jersey wearer, and now looks like a favorite heading into the final week.
Liquigas rider Basso, the 2006 Giro winner, pulled away with gritted teeth from exhausted Australian Evans with four kilometres to go on the punishing climb up the Monte Zoncolan peak in north eastern Italy.
Hundreds of thousands of fans lined the tight lane up the famous mountain with one spectator unveiling a banner reading “Welcome to the Gates of Hell” as temperatures also soared.
Basso, banned for two years for attempted doping in 2007, was put in a good position by strong work from his Liquigas team as other riders struggled to even turn the pedals given the gradient.
Manuel Belletti, who won the 13th stage, pulled out of the race alongside a number of sprinters with three tough climbs as well as the Zoncolan just proving too much on the 222 km route from near Venice.”Read more from Universal Sports…
“Basso prevails on the Zoncolan
By Susan Westemeyer
Arroyo defends pink jersey
The real favourites for overall success at the Giro d’Italia declared their intentions and showed their real form, as the weeklong fight for the pink jersey, that will last all of the final week, began in earnest at the summit of Monte Zoncolan.
The first round went to Ivan Basso of Liquigas-Doimo, who dropped all his rivals on the steep and painful slopes of the Zoncolan. World champion Cadel Evans (BMC) was the last to crack and they finished one-two on the stage after distancing all the other contenders.
Thanks to his huge effort, Basso gained time on everyone and skyrocketed up to third overall. David Arroyo of Caisse d’Epargne fought to hang onto the maglia rosa but Basso now has him in his sights. Arroyo was on his own for much of the final climb, but hung on come in 11th, at 3:50. He kept the pink jersey, even extending his lead over Richie Porte (Saxo Bank) but Basso is now only 3:33 behind the Spaniard.”Read more from Cyclingnews.com…
Photo credit – CorVosOn Thu, May 19, 2011 at 2:35 PM, Barry Song <21cnbao@gmail.com> wrote:> 2011/5/19 Linus Walleij <linus.walleij@linaro.org>:>> On Thu, May 19, 2011 at 1:38 PM, Barry Song <21cnbao@gmail.com> wrote:>>>>>>> really useless codes. but people have done that before, then we have> no way except following.> u300_gpio_exit never gets chance to run and when we disassemble> vmlinux, u300_gpio_exit() function should be not in the final binary> at all, just a symbol name is left.I know. I can make the Kconfig options tristate if it makes you feelbetter...Linus Walleij--To unsubscribe from this list: send the line "unsubscribe linux-kernel" inthe body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.orgMore majordomo info at read the FAQ atWith temperatures rising above 90 degrees on Friday, two disabled adults had to be treated at a hospital after being left in a van for nearly three hours outside of an education and therapy center in Plymouth, an official at the company that runs the facility confirmed.
Michael Eddy, director of transportation for Habitation Associates Corp. , said the incident happened when a company driver transported the two individuals to its Plymouth day center, but did not take them out of the van and bring them into the building.
“It’s one of those things that I don’t really know how it happened,” Eddy said. “We’re trying to get to the bottom of what happened.”
Eddy said the individuals were left in the van around 10 a.m. and discovered around 1 p.m. According to William Babcock, a spokesman for the National Weather Service in Taunton, temperatures in Plymouth reached 90 degrees at noon.
The two individuals have since been released from Jordan Hospital in Plymouth and, according to Eddy, “seem to be doing well.” Officials would not release any other details on the individuals or their injuries.
Eddy said the driver has been suspended pending an internal investigation.
“He was certainly very distraught,” Eddy said.
Officials at the facility realized the individuals had been left in the van when one worker asked about their whereabouts, he said.
“There are certainly protocols and policies that are supposed to prevent things like this,” Eddy said. He said when drivers exit the van they are supposed to turn on a sign on the back of the vehicle that says “vehicle empty,” forcing the driver to walk around behind the van. It was not clear whether the driver did this.
Given the two individuals were the only ones being driven to the center at the time, Eddy referred to the situation as “odd.”
“It shouldn’t have happened, that’s for sure,” he said.
An official at the Kingston Police Department, which responded to the scene, declined to comment, citing “an ongoing investigation.We give this domain a SEO score of 40/100. Last update: Saturday 31st of May 2014
Alexa Traffic Analysis
PARKSON.COM.MY is ranked #185 598 on the internet. This rank shows site's popularity. Lower rank means more visitors that site gets. Most of users come to this website from Malaysia. This website is ranked #0 in Malaysia. It has 126.*Diabetes Support Group Monday, October 9, at 7 p.m.
The Diabetes Support Group will meet on Monday, Oct. 9, at 7 pm in the Plaza Conference Room of the Memorial Medical Plaza. The speaker for the evening will be Dr. Andrew Stypko, new physician for the Wound Care at Memorial Center, along with Sharon Alexander, Clinical Coordinator for the center. Topics will include: diabetic foot ulcers, hyperbaric treatment, a tour of the Wound Care Center, delayed wound healing and the importance of glucose control in healing.
*Open House and Silent Auction raises $1,657 for Hospice Patients
At noon on Sep. 6, Hopkins County Hospice celebrated the move to a new location at 1228 Church St. in a ribbon cutting ceremony by the Hopkins County Chamber of Commerce. The ceremony was followed with an open house that lasted until 6 p.m. More than 400 people came through the facility.
During the event, a silent auction took place. Retailers from all over Sulphur Springs donated items that included a guitar, a Baldwin Organ, and cosmetics. Area restaurants also donated gift certificates as door prizes and auction items.
We are very grateful to these fine contributors: McKay Music, Flowerland Florists, Brookshire Supermarket, The Floor Cleanic, Korth Naturals, Lee’s Hallmark, Lou Nell’s, Merle Norman, Timeless Jewelry, Good News Christian Bookstore, Just Say “I Do”, Martin’s Optical, Bon Worth, Circle E, M&F Western Products, Wal-Mart, Danna’s Home Decor, The Shipping Zone, Tractor Supply, Health Unlimited, AABCO Medical Supply, Beall’s, Blades, Everything Unique, Smellalicious Candles, LoveMugs, Winkfein Crafts, Cruz Medina, K-Bob’s, Shirley Kight, Don Young, Furr’s, Chili’s, Chicken Express, Los Mochi’s, Brumley’s Uniforms, and TaMolly’s, just to name a few.
The silent auction fundraiser netted $1,657 which goes to Hospice patient care. We want to be sure to patronize these fine folks and while you’re in there, tell them thanks for helping. Special thanks to Shirley Kight who not only helped during the open house, but also donated a beautiful painting she created. Thanks also to Thomas Kight, Johnny and Betty Stewart, Donna Webb and the many others who contributed their time and energies to making the open house and silent auction such a wonderful success.
*Memorial Hospital EMS/Marketing and Pilot Club Sponsor Safety Assemblies in October
Halloween Safety Assemblies will be held at area schools during the month of October. The Pilot Club will bring their puppet theater and do a 15 minute safety skit, and then Andy the Ambulance will take the stage to make sure kids remember how they can stay safe as they trick or treat this year. The dates for the assemblies are listed below:
- Oct 6 at Saltillo – 10 a.m.
- Oct.6 at Lamar – 1 p.m.
- Oct. 12 at Bowie – 9:30 a.m.
- Oct. 17 at ECLC – 9 & 9:45 a.m.
- Oct. 24 at Austin – 9 a.m.
- Oct. 27 at Travis – 9 a.m.
*Johnnie Masters Gift Shop
Come and shop at the “Best Kept Secret” in Hopkins County. The Johnnie Masters Gift Shop is now carrying lots of new items that include: coasters, special recognition plates, grand-o-grams, baby handprint and footprint kits, baby signature frames and lots more. If you need a unique gift why not support the Volunteer Auxiliary.
The Johnnie Masters Gift Shop volunteer staff invites you to visit the gift shop. All proceeds from the gift shop are used to purchase needed items for the hospital and to fund scholarships for hospital employees. The gift shop is located in the front lobby of the hospital.
*Mark Your Calendars
Health Fair for Community, Senior Citizens Center, Tuesday, Nov. 14, from 9 a.m. to 12 noon. More info to follow.
Older Archives
Looking for News-Telegram Sports and News Archives for January 2004 - November 2008Gekkazan @ GPO - Melbourne/
I have been to this restaurant numerous times, thought it's worth while to blog about. This restaurant is very centrally located, in the beautiful GPO precinct right in the heart of Melbourne CBD.
Why not begin with some green tea? If one cup is not enough then top yourself up with as many cups as you want.
There was not much space to sit down, a few outdoor tables right at the front and also on the side of the restaurant. There were many people who just came for take away. Many restaurants or sushi train places pre wrap the handrolls in seaweed for you. By the time you bite into the seaweed, they can be chewy or soggy. If you dine in at Gekkazan, you will not have this problem, the seaweed is wrapped in plastic. It is not until you are ready to eat, that you roll your own handroll. There are instructions on the packet, and trust me it is very easy to do. This method should be brought across to Adelaide, then all the sushi we have would be nice and fresh, doesn't matter if you dine in or take away.
Self rolled sushi to keep seaweed nice and crispy
We tried the basic salmon and avocado handroll, and the salmon was very fresh and rice was great, rice vinegar was just the right amount so you cannot taste the sourless in it.
Vegetable udon was very tasty, miso soup wasn't salty. Chiasu ramen actually had decent pieces of pork in it. Sukiyaki beef don was also worth mentioning. It was on the pricier side, but I thought it was worth it.
Servings were very generous, easily filling our tummies, I do recommend this place for dine in or if you want to grab a few sushi rolls to take away and have later.
Visit Gekkazan @ GPO - Shop 28g Postal Lane 350 Bourke Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, (03) 96637767DORA, Alabama - A man died in a three-vehicle wreck Saturday afternoon on Highway 78 in Dora, according to several reports.
The man, who was traveling westbound, lost control of his vehicle near Sharon Boulevard and crossed the median. He hit a guardrail and bounced into oncoming traffic. His car was hit by a semi-truck and then by a second vehicle.
Dora police responded to the crash around 3:40 p.m. No other injuries were reported.
The victim's name has not been released, and the wreck remains under investigation.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
If you need to contact Gene Zambotti, just glance at the list of 2 individuals named Gene Zambotti in our records. You will notice that the average age of these people is 47. In addition, we have located Gene Zambotti in PA, CA, and MD. With our extensive records, your prospects of finding the person you seek are excellent.
To further help you narrow your search for Gene Zambotti, we have compiled for you a list of Gene's corresponding to Zambotti. Gene Zambotti. If we have middle names or initials, we supply those as well. Notice the entries for the individuals' age, known location, and possible relatives. All you have to do now is identify the correct, or likeliest name, click View Details, and voila, your quest is over.Now I know a lot of people are going to say, but they are criminals because their mother was arrested in her car shortly after with a known gang member and bullet holes in her car. She was a caseworker with Children and Family Services. This has nothing to do with the young El men who were stopped. Even if they are known criminals, this does not give the police the right to beat or tase a suspect unless they are resisting arrest. If they have drugs, take the drugs and take them to jail. Then let the court system handle the rest.
The other story spotlighting another huge wrong was the mother having to offer a $5,000 reward for the capture of the murderer of her son, who was shot in broad daylight in front of witnesses in the park, yet no one has been arrested for this murder which happened in July of 2012, because no one has stepped forward with information.
Tonya Moone’s son was killed because the robbers thought he had an expensive cell phone. Now just how expensive can a cell phone be in comparison to taking a life of a young man who had just started his adult life. It’s somewhat scary that we have animals out there who put no value on a human life. I’m sorry, I insulted the animals, but these people are lower than animals. It’s also a reflection on the community that no one has stepped forward to bring this murderer and his associates to justice for the murder of Michael Rashad Moone Parrotte who was just 17.
Maybe I’m naïve, but I don’t see how these youngsters can live with themselves, knowing what they did, or someone they were with, who may have surprised them by pulling a weapon. Whatever happened, you fellows need to step up.
I feel for the police officers who have to deal with these heartless people everyday, but that’s no reason to lower themselves down to their level. Every young Black male is not a heartless criminal. Rashad wasn’t, yet he’s dead
It’s a shame that there isn’t as much outrage for Rashad as it has been for Trayvon Martin.
Hopefully Brandi Fisher, Tim Stevens and others will put enough pressure on the new mayor that heads will roll in the police department, and whoever the new Chief is, it will be made absolutely clear that beating and abusing suspects, even if they are guilty, will not be tolerated; and if you do it, it will cost you your job. There’s no place on the Pittsburgh Police force for this kind of behavior.
This would also improve community police relations and maybe more people would step forward to be witnesses or identify criminals, especially murderers.
Two wrongs don’t make a right. Just because there’s some bad police officers is no reason for us to overlook murders in our communities, especially considering the people they are murdering are other young Black people. And if we don’t start stepping up, and speaking up, it may be one of our sons, daughters or relatives next.
(Ulish Carter is the managing editor of the New Pittsburgh Courier.)1976: David Ziegele served in Togo in Tchitchirra, Aneho beginning in 1976
Returned Peace Corps Volunteer David Ziegele can be contacted at dziegeleaaoldcom
Country of Service: Togo
Training Group: Rural Development 1976
Cities you served in: Tchitchirra, Aneho
Arrival Year: 1976
Departure Year: 1978
Work Description:
School construction information regarding my grandmothers late son David Nielsen who died of colon cancer. looking for info on David Nielsen School in glee togo (pardon spelling) aparently it was named for him if u have info on it please let me know.Happy Birthday, Fosh!
With the new year, comes new birthday parties. The first in line is our Meme-Master, Fosh!
Happy Birthday, Fosh!
Time for January’s barrage of birthdays and like always, the first in line is our Mecha Master, Fosh!
Happy Birthday, Fosh!
Happy Birthday to our Fun Captions Master, the one and only: Foshizzel~
Fosh and Jrow’s Answers to Aniblogger Interrogation Tagging
Got some questions? We got the answers.
50 things you didn’t know about me
Are you prepared for 50 awesome things?!
Happy Birthday, Fosh!
Time for some partying to begin because this is the first January birthday and there will be MOAR. Oh yeah!
Weekend Party for the second Trio of Senpais
Another first-year graduation is in order! This time to celebrate and give some love to the second trio of senpais~
Watching Anime w/ Fosh on the 2-D Teleidoscope Podcast
2-D Teleidoscope is joined by Foshizzel and others to talk about watching anime with other people and pesky spoilers.)
Happy Birthday, FOSH!
And another Birthday Party at Metanorn! Yep, FOSHIZZEL’s turning older~Many food trucks crank out consistently great meals, but lack the seating and atmosphere of a restaurant. BellaTrino seeks to offer both. This stylish, oversized truck features a display kitchen with walls of glass panels, and at the center, a wood-fired oven that heats to 1,000 degrees and can crank out a neapolitan-style pie in just over a minute. As if the tasty pizzas weren't enough, this truck has another surprise in store — a small bar on one end of the truck, giving you a place to sit down that rivals any casual sidewalk cafe.
It might sound like an odd combination, but one meal at the Korean BBQ Taco Box will have you thinking differently. This bright yellow Central Florida food truck serves up a host of meat options like Bulgogi beef, spicy pork, and marinated chicken, any of which you can get on its own with rice, on a sub sandwich, or in a taco. Better yet, make your order a box, and enjoy some extra treats like spicy chicken wings and fried cheese rolls. And don't fret if you're not in the area — they just launched a second truck to serve Washington, DC..
Like it water brethren that announces its arrival with a telltale fin, the Food Shark typically isn't that hard to find. Part of that's due to its usual spot — under the pavilion between the railroad tracks and Marfa Book Co. — part of it's the silver hammered aluminum exterior of its 1974 Ford Brothers bread delivery truck, and part of that's due to the lines that inevitably form wherever it opens up shop. Serving up a constantly changing menu of Med-Tex (that's Mediterranean-Texan, a term we totally just made up) cuisine — be sure to try the Marfalafels — with flair, it's as much of a must-see as nearby El Cosmico.
If you're jonesing for a sweet breakfast and happen to see a red trailer set up, your morning is about to improve. That's because Carpe Donut is likely there, serving up what you crave. This charming food truck serves up delicious donuts made from organic flour, organic eggs, organic sugar, organic apple cider, organic spices, and non-aluminated baking powder, then fries them up in 100% pure soybean oil. If that weren't enough, they also offer organic coffee, Italian-style hot chocolate, fresh mulled hot cider, and heaping helpings of happiness. Oh, and NYC residents are in luck — they have a truck there, too.
When it comes to food, the word "melt" usually means good things — as long as we're not talking about ice cream. Luckily, GourMelt doesn't serve ice cream. Instead, it cooks up the tastiest grilled cheese sandwiches in town, going beyond the traditional recipe to add toppings like fried eggs, apples, honey, peppers, onions, mushrooms, cream cheese, jalapeños, and, of course bacon — thankfully not all at the same time (unless you request it). They also serve up house-made tomato soup, parmesan garlic fries (with basil aioli), pasta salad, and sweet melts like the insane Simply Sinful, which boasts nutella, peanut butter, marshmallow fluff, and banana..
Who said all food trucks have to be based out of actual trucks? Bernie's Burger Bus expands the possibilities of the concept by serving up delicious burgers from the side of a converted school bus. The menu is filled with sandwiches sporting school-inspired names, like The Principal — a classic American burger — The Cheerleader — topped with pepper jack, crispy jalapeños, roasted tomatoes, and jalapeño ranch — and Recess — a TX cheddar grilled cheese on sourdough bread. In addition, the fries are hand-cut, and every burger is made with a custom Black Angus blend and topped with homemade condiments and fresh, locally-baked buns — making you feel a little better when you chow down on the calorie-rich, double-decker "Bully".
Unlike most of the food trucks we cover, which aim to stay in business as long as possible, the FS Taste Truck is intentionally cutting its tour short. And what does the "FS" stand for you, might ask? The Four Seasons — this renowned chain of high-end hotels and resorts is sending the truck out and about this fall in West Coast neighborhoods where it has hotels, starting this week in Palo Alto, CA and ending in Santa Fe, NM on November 10, with stops planned for San Francisco, Santa Barbara, Beverly Hills, Los Angeles, Westlake Village, and Scottsdale in the weeks in between. At each stop, the menu will change to reflect signature dishes from that area's Four Seasons outpost, meaning that for a week at a time, where ever it may be, it will likely be the best food truck in town.
Unlike the countless taco, burger, and grilled cheese trucks, Guerrilla Street Food is serving up something unexpected: Filipino cuisine from a black truck based in the Gateway to the West. While the menu regularly changes with specials rotating in and out, you can nearly always count on the signature Flying Pig — slow-roasted pork asado, chilis, calamansi, and sriracha, served over rice and topped with a sous vide egg. Wash it down with a Pineapple soda, Hibiscus iced tea, or make a run to the local import shop for an ice cold San Miguel. The choice is yours.
Unfortunately, there isn't an actual rickshaw involved in the operation of the Rickshaw Stop. But that's about the only disappointment you'll find in this Alamotown food truck. Family owned and operated, this shiny silver vehicle serves up 100% Halal, traditional Pakistani street food. Both the beef and chicken used in their kebabs is marinated for at least 48 hours, and are joined on the menu by beef, chicken, and veggie samosas, as well as baklava and kheer. Just be sure to show up early — the lines for this delicious street cuisine grow long, quickly.STI gensan
Welcome to the STI gensan's google satellite map! STI gensan lives in General Santos area in South Cotabato, Region 11, Philippines. Original name (with diacritics) of the place is General Santos. See General Santos photos and images from satellite below, explore the aerial photographs of General Santos, explore the place where STI gensan lives!
You can also dive right into STI g General Santos or add new placemark for General Santos.
Get your personal map homepage and much more for free.
Want to know more about where does STI gensan live? Dive right in — Google Earth combines detailed satellite imagery, maps and the power of Google Search to put the world's geographic information at your fingertips. Google Earth enables to tilt and rotate the view to see STI gensan's location3D terrain and buildings and much more (flying inclusive). Get Google Earth (free version) now and install it. When completed, simply click the link below. Explore the STI gensFor more information about the Rating System we operate see the Rating System FAQ [1], which uses the European Go Federation (EGF) rating system.
Many British tournaments are run on the McMahon system, which tries to pair players of equal strength. This relies on players entering the tournament at a realistic grade so that fair games between players can be achieved. Many European tournaments are also run on the McMahon system, so again we would like to ensure that our players perform satisfactorily in European events. Consequently the aim of our ratings policy is:
It is recognised that not all players are able to play in every tournament and some players' published ratings may lag excessively behind their actual playing strength. To address this issue, our policy regarding which games count towards rating points is as follows:
The policy is:
We encourage on-line players to enter over-the-board tournaments. In order to establish a relation between on-line server grades and our strengths we will be setting up a system to collect information from players who play in tournaments as well as on-line. Until a meaningful correlation between server and our grades is established, the following guide will apply for an on-line player entering one of our tournaments for the very first time or after a long absence:
We monitor the progress of our members' ratings [3] and awards official dan certificates when specified targets have been reached. Official dan certificates are never revoked, even if a player's rating subsequently falls.
British Go Association dan certificates since November 2003 have been awarded based on our ratings [3], which are in turn based on the European ratings [5]. You will be awarded an X dan certificate when:
In addition:
Players with official dan certificates are entitled to enter tournaments at that grade, but are encouraged to enter them at a grade equal to the strength listed on the current version of our ratings page [3], rounded to the nearest whole number. Anyone wanting to enter tournaments outside the range from their official certificate grade to their rounded strength should seek approval from Council before doing so.
We respect grades assigned by foreign Go organisations to those resident abroad.
In the first instance tournament directors are encouraged to be proactive in ensuring that their players are entering at realistic grades. The results of all our tournament are scrutinised and submitted to the EGF by our ratings official. If anomalous entry grades are present in the results, submission of games to the EGF rating system may be delayed and the following procedure adopted:
It is very much hoped that players' entry grades are essentially self managed, and much information is provided to help players determine their entry grades. However, if any player wishes to complain about the published rating of either themselves or another player on our rating list then the following procedure must be adopted:
In order to accommodate the varied ratings strategies in Europe, we calibrate our strengths against the whole of the European database of players. This is achieved by means of a least squares fit (linear regression) of player's ratings versus grade. As at April 2010 this leads to the formula
strength=(rating−2038)/95.1
This means that a nominal shodan (rating 2100) has a strength of 1.7d rather than 1.0d. It is for this reason that rating resets in the dan grades have to be very carefully controlled. We continue to monitor the rating/grades relationship to identify any action on our calibration procedure that may be required in the future.
Links:
[1]
[2]
[3]
[4] mailto:ratings@britgo.org
[5]
[6]Natures Prime Organic Foods - Nature's Prime Organic Food - SCAM!
Issue not resolved
- Feb 04, 2012
- 126 views
- 6 Comments
- frustratedmom
- 4/5 REVIEW RATING
- San Antonio, Texas
- Food
- Organic Foods
-
-
I echo all the other complaints.6 months - no delivery, no communication, no refund.
I am SHOCKED they are still in business. I placed the order over the phone and spent $75 more than my groupon. I followed up 12 weeks later with a call. I actually reached someone who stated that my order was partially filled.
They said they would send it. After the, I left multiple voicemails, and sent multiple emails. It has been 6 months (or so) since I placed my order.
I have requested cancellation of my order but nothing.Groupon, on the other hand didn't even ask what happened, they simply refunded the groupon price.review #294436
Had the same issue0 Comments6Report
Had an experience with Natures Prime Organic Foods? Submit review about this company ›
Great comment! Would you like to convert it into review?
You will be able to edit the text before publishing.
You may also like
"It's frustrating to be purchasing items that won't count on the loyalty card due to inability to register on the website....After several attempts since no one would answer the phone..."
"I buy pretzels from here all of the time. This is what my sister always wants for Christmas. We pretty much love them. I just bought a basket..."
"As race fans attend these events, they have the illusion that all the race teams are in Good Standing within the business community and/or general public, when they are not...."
"I placed an order with OFFICEDESIGNS.COM (OFFICE DESIGNS) on Saturday May 4th, 2013 for two Humanscale desks after following a link to their website for low prices on the product...."
"Broke water main with delivery truck. They did not show up for court. They owe me $2,000 for damages and have refused to acknowledge or make effort to..."
"Horrible horrible horrible flowers. Waste of money ordered 2 for mothers day and received ***. Look at photos one is what was ordered and the other side is what was..."
"STAY AWAY. If you do care about your car, please spend the extra $200 and take it to a reliable bodyshop. These are just crooks... They don't care about customers...."
"The chicken keeps disappearing in my half salad. We used to get one chicken cutlet sliced. Now we get about 8 - 10 little cubes of chicken. SKIMPING ON..."
"Ordered the tea rose set plus extra dessert dishes. One cup and the large serving dish arrived broken, due to poor packaging. The dessert bowls didnt even have the same color! Sent an..."
Frustratedmom Nov 10, 2012 #567197
I'm sorry, Bobby. Did you just say it's my fault for expecting a company that I bought a product from to deliver the product? It's irrelevant if the product is better, worse or comparable to the meats in a supermarket. There is nothing about an expectation to receive what we paid for that is the fault of any of these customers.0 0 Reply
Bobby Nov 10, 2012 #567192
It is primary your fault as a consumer to do business with these companies such as0 0 Reply
Organically Nature's Prime or American Frozen Foods or Miranda's Country Fresh Foods. The fault is your are getting top quality food and ALL NATURAL or ORGANIC when in reality it is the same meats and foods you get in a supermarket. How do I know...I worked for these companies. Buy your meats and foods in a supearmarket. You will Save money and avoid many headaches.
CB Oct 01, 2012 #549493
How on earth did you guys actually get someone on the phone!0 0 Reply
I placed my order in Feb. finally called living social and got a credit, but still had a $33 balance I had put on my cc. FINALLY got a person on the phone, who said it would show up this billing cycle, you guessed it .... nadda. Just tried to call. "No no one will be checking this VM, send an email"
OPN Jul 26, 2012 #519514
Basically same issue here: ordered Jan 4, 2012. Waited about 4 months for response from them (phone/email)... finally told me order would ship in "next 2 weeks". Still nothing... refund requested from LivingSocial and Nature's Prime. Has anyone reported to BBB?0 0 Reply
RC May 29, 2012 #487657
I placed an order Feb 24, 2012 and have been told 8 times via email that my order was shipping. It is now May 29 and no order - although they say it's shipping out on June 4. I have asked for a refund and can't believe they are still in business and that Groupon continues to do business with them. I have to believe this is actually illegal. They willingly take money without ever having any intention of fulfilling the order - it's fraud and a scam.0 0 Reply
E.S. Mar 29, 2012 #457550
I am currently going through the same situation!0 0 Reply
I sent numerous emails with no response and finally was able to speak to a representative, who then assured me that my order was being shipped THAT day! I've been waiting for over two months now and am absolutely pissed. Never EVER do business with NPO...it is unclear whether NPD practitioners as a group (not just researchers) are knowledgeable about what represents a NPD best practice. The importance of this is that it offers insight into how NPD practitioners are translating potential NPD knowledge into actual NPD practice. In other words, are practitioners aware of and able to implement NPD best practices designated by noteworthy studies? The answer to this question ascertains a current state of the field toward understanding NPD best practice and the maturity level of various practices. Answering this question further contributes to our understanding of the diffusion of NPD best practices knowledge by NPD professionals, possibly identifying gaps between prescribed and actual practice.The article divides R&D into seven dimensions and looks into best practices for each. Let us dig in:
1. Strategy: Strategic alignment for R&D was considered the most important dimension of the seven considered. The article defines strategy as everything from vision definition to prioritization of projects for resource allocation.
strategy involves the defining and planning of a vision and focus for research and development (R&D), technology management, and product development efforts at the SBU, division, product line, and/or individual project levels, including the identification, prioritization, selection, and resource support of preferred projects.Within Strategy, most organizations aligned R&D to long-term company strategy and project goals seemed to be aligned well with the organization / mission. Also, organizations were able to redirect projects as markets changed. Here is the list of implemented best practices (again NPD=R&D):.
- Clearly defined and organizationally visible NPD goals
- The organization views NPD as a long-term strategy
- NPD goals are clearly aligned with organization mission and strategic plan
- NPD projects and programs are reviewed on a regular basis
- Opportunity identification is ongoing and can redirect the strategic plan real time to respond to market forces and new technologies R&D
2. Market Research: Understanding of customer/market needs and having them drive the R&D process was the second most dimension of R&D management.
describes the application of methodologies and techniques to sense, learn about, and understand customers, competitors, and macro-environmental forces in the marketplace (e.g., focus groups, mail surveys, electronic surveys, and ethnographic study).Within market research, the best practices were pretty straight forward: Use customer research to drive product development. Also involve customer in testing the products at multiple stages of product development..
- Ongoing market research is used to anticipate/identify future customer needs and problems
- Concept, product, and market testing is consistently undertaken and expected with all NPD projects
- Customer/user is an integral part of the NPD process Results of testing (concept, product, and market) are formally evaluated
3. Product Launch: Processes associated with product commercialization / launch were rated the third most important area for best practices.
Commercialization describes activities related to the marketing, launch, and postlaunch management of new products that stimulate customer adoption and market diffusion.Bar was not very high relative to launch related processes. Most involved having a process, following it and tracking / learning from results.
- A launch process exists
- The launch team is cross-functional in nature
- A project postmortem meeting is held after the new product is launched
- Logistics and marketing work closely together on new product launch
- Customer service and support are part of the launch team
Product launch processes are quite important and we have discussed the impact of corporate cultures on new product launches. The key poor practice identified was keeping product launches secret to prevent unauthorized public announcement. Not sure if that can be helped.
Within this framework, NPD process is defined as the implementation of product development stages and gates for moving products from concept to launch, coupled with those activities and systems that facilitate knowledge management for product development projects and the product development process.It appears that most organizations recognized the need to have common processes for R&D: Stage gates, clear go/no-go criteria and well documented processes existed.
The key poor practices seem to be about inadequate IT tool support, uneven access to R&D knowledge and poor implementation of project management practices. May we suggest InspiRD?The key poor practices seem to be about inadequate IT tool support, uneven access to R&D knowledge and poor implementation of project management practices. May we suggest InspiRD?
- A common NPD process cuts across organizational groups
- Go/no-go criteria are clear and predefined for each review gate
- The NPD process is flexible and adaptable to meet the needs, size, and risk of individual projects
- The NPD process is visible and well documented The NPD process can be circumvented without management approval
5. Company Culture: The next highly rated dimension of R&D management was company culture, its acceptance of R&D management as an important constituent and ability for R&D teams to collaborate across disciplines and organizations/suppliers:
company culture is defined as the company management value system driving those means and ways that underlie and establish product development thinking and product development collaboration with external partners, including customers and suppliers. Characteristics of company culture include the level of managerial support for NPD, sources used for NPD ideas, and if creativity is rewarded and encouraged.The key complaint about company culture was a rejection of external or disruptive ideas. We have discussed this extensively.
6. R&D Climate: This dimension relates to R&D project organization (such as cross functional teams) including leadership and HR support.
Within this framework, project climate is defined as the means and ways that underlie and establish product development intra-company integration at the individual and team levels, including the leading, motivating, managing, and structuring of individual and team human resources.The best practices are straight forward - cross functional teams and multiple means of inter/intra team communications.
We have discussed project networks as a way to supplement cross-functional teams. A key challenge seems to be the inability to gain support for ideas that cross functions. Also, knowledge transfer across disciplines is also a major challenge.We have discussed project networks as a way to supplement cross-functional teams. A key challenge seems to be the inability to gain support for ideas that cross functions. Also, knowledge transfer across disciplines is also a major challenge.
- Cross-functional teams underlie the NPD process
- NPD activities between functional areas are coordinated through formal and informal communication
7. R&D Metrics: Although metrics was rated the least important area for R&D management, the authors rightly point out that it is because very few meaningful R&D-related metrics exist.
The metrics and performance measurement dimension of the framework includes the measurement, tracking, and reporting of product development project and product development program performance.In fact, participants could not point out a single best practice for R&D metrics! We have discussed plenty of interesting metrics.
Very interesting post. I think it all starts wiith Company values and objectives. If they are clear, everything could work for them. If they are changed on a daily basis, no one could make it work!!
Practices is really important in business and also a participation to put it on top. Thanks for posting this awesome idea!
Best Practices Process Improvement.Welcome to the former official website of the Maui Gardens Association of Apartment Owners. This website is no longer actively maintained and does not have current information. This information resource is intended for owners and residents of Maui Gardens in Kihei on Maui, Hawaii. The association does not have any information regarding unit rentals, all units are independently owned and short-term rentals are prohibited.The image above shows a dividing cell from an African globe lily (Andrew S. Bajer, University of Oregon, Eugene. Image from NIGMS image gallery).
Dr. Folkert van Werven
Dr. Alexi Goranov
7.342
Fall 2012
Undergraduate
Cells, regardless of whether they are in an organ in the human body or a component of a bacterial colony, can sense the chemical composition of the environment, the presence of neighboring cells, and even the types of their neighboring cells. Depending on the identity of a cell and the information it receives from its environment, it can grow (increase in size), proliferate (make more cells), become quiescent (stop growing and dividing), differentiate (make different types of cells), or die. How cells achieve the astonishing feat of appropriately sensing and responding to their environment has been a major question in biology. In this course we will read and critically discuss the primary scientific literature with the goal of highlighting the basic principles of cell growth, adaptation, and differentiation..
Folkert van Werven, and Alexi Goranov. 7.342 To Divide or Not To Divide: Control of Cell Cycle and Growth by Extracellular Cues, Fall 2012. (Massachusetts Institute of Technology: MIT OpenCourseWare), (Accessed). License: Creative Commons BY-NC-SA
For more information about using these materials and the Creative Commons license, see our Terms of Use.I like it: celebritygoogly.com. Above, Wil Wheaton. Say the editors of this fine site, "To submit a picture, just post it on your tumblr and tag it 'celebritygoogly'." (via badastronomer)
animated gif, Entertainment, Funny, meme, tumblogs of greatness, tumblr
If it’s immature to be amused by this than I am obviously reverting to childhood.
This is way more amusing than it should be.
I have nightmarish flashbacks to IT, and Star Trek!
Lol, the real sweater is bad enough.
Got a laugh from a 4 y.o. and a 42 y.o. in my house.
Have you no sense of dignity, sir? At long last, have you left no sense of dignity?
My day started off pretty crappy… Now it is awesome. Thank you.
I estimate about 40% of the backside of the human brain is devoted to making things like this seem disproportionately funny. :)
This would be funny if I didn’t hate Wesley Crusher so much…
Hi Wil. How are things?Cut whitefish into serving pieces.
Sift flour, baking powder, salt and sugar into bowl; add egg yolk.
Add butter and water to make medium batter; mix well.
Beat egg white until stiff peaks form; fold egg white into batter.
Dip whitefish into batter.
Fry in deep fat at 350 degrees for 6 minutes or until golden brown; drain on absorbent paper.Video Gallery
If you are planning to create a website for presenting your media content, Flash video galleries from Moto is a great choice. The Flash video gallery module integrated into each of these Moto CMS templates is an innovative solution for any video project. The module allows to create as many galleries withing your Moto CMS website as you wish. Moreover, it is posible to make small previews for each video. The richest media gallery is able to contain an unlimited number of video clips. In addition to the video gallery module, the templates are equipped with other modules: Media Player, Music Player, Form widget, etc.
Thanks to the advanced almost intuitive interface of the control panel, the opportunities of the Moto full-featured video galleries are endless. Just take a look inside of the templates by viewing the DEMO and see the advantages with your own eyes!
Grab Your Special Video Gallery Flash Template HereOn New Year’s Eve (or Hogmanay I suppose I should say, now that I am living in Scotland), we had family staying at our flat. With my messy cooking style, making dinner for just the two of us can be a challenge in our smallish kitchen, so we needed to find an easy way to cook something tasty for lots of people. That’s where the Teppanyaki Grill came in. It is essentially an indoor BBQ – a temperature controlled hot plate which lets you grill your food safely indoors in a more exciting way than using the grill in the oven! It was much more sociable than being tucked away in the kitchen but, be warned, it gives off enough smoke to set the fire alarm going! We decided to go for some simple marinated chicken as this was our first attempt at using the grill. We used some of the Tabasco table sauces as marinades which worked fabulously and the flavour really came through (on another note, the Chipotle and Bourbon Tabasco sauce makes a really tasty and easy flavouring for pulled pork…).
The Teppanyaki grill was great fun to use and I bet we will be using lots more of it, especially during the summer as we have no garden to BBQ properly in! It is also super easy to clean up once you’ve finished coooking. We got our grill from Domu and at the moment it is on sale for an amazing £16.99! Definitely worth it!Suffolk County SPCA Holding Reptile Amnesty Day
Alligator found in Southampton (credit: Suffolk SPCA)
SELDEN, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — An amnesty day is being held this weekend in Suffolk County for residents who want to surrender their illegal reptiles or amphibians.
The Suffolk County SPCA says owners of illegal pets, such as venomous snakes, constrictors, alligators or other dangerous reptiles, will be able to surrender their animals without a penalty.
SPCA Chief Roy Gross says animals like alligators can be very dangerous.
“There is a reason why they’re illegal. They’re dangerous, they’re unpredictable,” Gross said. “An alligator could be up to five feet long. They are capable of killing someone.”
The event is being held Saturday from 12 p.m. to 4 p.m. at the Petco on Middle Country Road in Selden.
For more information, visit suffolkspca.org.It is a distinct honor and privilege to serve as Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the New York College of Podiatric Medicine.
NYCPM is the first and largest college of podiatric medicine, with a rich tradition of providing the most challenging academic curriculum and training programs for its students. Dedicated students who apply themselves will achieve tremendous benefits from this four-year program, which prepares them to enter residency podiatric medical training well-equipped to succeed in the discipline of podiatric medicine.
In the treatment rooms of NYCPM's clinical teaching affiliate, Foot Center of New York, senior student trainees observe care in the course of nearly 40,000 patient visits a year. This large clinic patient visit load is comparable to the patient loads of many urban area hospitals in large cities.
The College is also affiliated with Columbia University College of Physicians & Surgeons, Metropolitan Hospital Center and the New York-Presbyterian Healthcare System, among others. These affiliations provide greater educational and learning opportunities for seniors through clerkship programs at affiliated hospitals. In addition, graduate medical education programs are being expanded to include general medical and health care services and the opportunity for clinical staff to participate in research programs.
Five podiatrists serve as trustees on the College's Board. This representation ensures sensitivity to the needs of the podiatric medical student and a progressive curriculum, reflective of evolving trends within the profession.
The responsibility of the Board and the College does not end with Commencement. Rather, the Board maintains an active interest in the careers of alumni, encouraging and supporting them along their career paths. It is the Board's aim to nurture and instill in every student the ability to become a successful, productive Doctor of Podiatric Medicine. By doing so, the Board fulfills its responsibility to the student body, the community it serves and the profession of podiatric medicine.
Stanley S. Mandel,
Chairman, Board of Trustees6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
Most of the fees that a credit card company charges can be avoided. Here is a list of few.
1. Annual fees
There are many cards in the market, which come without any annual fees. Opt for them.
The ones with annual fees may tempt you with better offers or more loyalty points for every rupee spent, but when you actually sit and account for the money you spend on getting your paid card and freebies you get on the card, it evens out or the returns may be lesser.
So it does not make any sense to opt for a paid card, when there are so many free cards available.
6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
2. Late payment fees
It is always advisable to pay your entire amount due before the due date. Otherwise it will attract late payment fees, interest on the billed amount and proportionate service tax.
This part of the credit card fees is absolute waste of money, and easily avoidable.
Looking at the larger picture, if you delay your payments it will show as overdue in your credit score which is something the lenders hate to see in a credit score.
Photographs: Rediff Archives
6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
3. Cash advance fees
This is not a fee in traditional terms. It could either be an interest charge on a short term loan taken by you on your credit card or a processing fee.
It ranges between 3 to 5 per cent.
Make sure you use this only case of emergency and as a last option. The processing fees on cash advance fees are higher if you withdraw the amount abroad. Call your bank before you travel abroad to know how much it is.
Photographs: Rediff Archives
6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
4. Balance transfer fees
This is trap people often get into. Take Jagmohan Reddy, a Bangalore-based engineer's case.
"These balance transfer come at an interest rate or a processing fee of 3-5 per cent. It's very attractive as my life is very disorganised financially. I had four cards, so kept doing balance transfer. My bill swelled to four times the money I had actually used up. That is when I took stock of the situation and paid up the entire amount," said Reddy, after which he cancelled three cards and kept only one.
Photographs: Rediff Archives
6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
5. Foreign currency conversion fees
Every credit card network service provider charges a foreign currency conversion if you swipe your card abroad. It could range between 1-4 per cent of the transaction charges.
Call your bank before you leave the country so that you know how much you are being charged.
Photographs: Rediff Archives
6 CREDIT CARD charges you can avoid
6. Foreign transaction charges
Every bank also charges its customers different amount on every transaction made abroad. It is always advisable to call your bank and check how much those charges are.
To avoid these charges, it is advisable to carry cash.
Photographs: Reuters
this
Comment
articleToer d00dz have a gift culture which elsewhere in [HH]; the ways in which it shaped present behavior are not mysterious. Hackers have defined their culture by set of choices about the form which their competition will take. It is that form which we will examine in the remainder of this paper.Wrinkles in my scalp---Buzz cut looks WEIRD
8 Comments
Get the facts about this disease that affects more than 240,000 men each year.
A community for people with Men's Health-related concerns. Ask a question, join a conversation, share experiences: medical conditions, general health, and management.In all my years of living in Washington D.C. I have never seen such a mean spirited campaign against a president such as the the Republican Party sponsored Tea Party Protest at the U.S. Capitol on 9/12/09. There was a sea of people each one carrying a sign trashing the president calling him everything from a communist, a dirty diaper, and a terrorist. These people represent the 49% vote of the last election and promise to vote him out in 2012. Hindsight is 20/20 but no one is sure if the president is doing the right thing by supporting a controversial health care bill as well as a 13 trillion dollar government spending program.
The question what you do if president of the United States? How could these complex problems best be solved? Would you spend money to get the economy going or just let banks, auto companies and other businesses fail? Would it be best to let people suffer without adequate health care even though government healthcare may mean rationing? All of these government programs cost money-13 trillion dollars. The problem is that this 13 trillion dollar deficit does have to be paid off otherwise the United States will face the same problem that many auto owners face with the repo tow truck coming to take their car away. In this case the entire United States would be repossessed or towed to the creditor's holding lot. Perhaps some of you have seen the TV show called Operation Repo which follows a group of auto repossession people as they take people's cars away in the California area. Often times fights break out between auto owners and this team.
Feel free to comment on this article even if you are from abroad. Does socialized health care work in your country or is it a bad idea? Is the European socialized system a good idea? Let us hope the president can solve these problems. The Republican party's trashing of Barack Obama may be a result of racism. This is after all the United State's first black president. Wish him good luck-he is going to need it!
I took many of these photos with a compact camera not only focusing on the crowd but individual people as well. Sometimes if lighting was dim I used the flash and put on forced fire..On Tue, Jun 10, 2008 at 12:08 PM, Josh Berkus <josh(at)agliodbs(dot)com> wrote: > Josh, Well, I wrote some of what you quoted, but ok ;) > Ok, so consensus on 2-year terms as proposed? I'm good with it. good! >> Cool! So, the current proposal is that we have elections in the fall, >> and people are 'seated' in March. I like this rhythm, and it gives >> plenty of time for transition. > > Hmmm ... 5 months between election and seating seems rather long to me. > That's longer than the US President! In those 5 months, some of the newly > elected board members could drop out. Well, a possible timeline is: * Candidates are announced early/mid-October * Elections begin shortly after and run for a few weeks until early-November * Announce the new board mid-November -- Then we have that December-Early January period where everyone is super busy, taking lots of time off, also tends to be a busy Pg development period... Hand-offs in leadership will be much easier and faster if they're done in-person - and I prefer to link this with a conference, rather than scheduling another expensive meeting outside that. -selena -- Selena Deckelmann United States PostgreSQL Association - PDXPUG - Me -Submitted by: Rik Davie, Added to website on: November 19, 2006
Submitted by: Rik Davie, Added to website on: November 19, 2006
Barcelona. It's been suggested that this shirt is a fake, no manufacturers logo. However, it has also suggested that it was a genuine retro replica produced to celebrate Engerlands greatest ever Potato Chip Promoter!:
» «Should the Byrds change their lyrics?
I wonder if Pete Townsend ever contemplated changing the lyrics to “My Generation” to “Hope I die before the fat lady sings?”
In an age when musical offerings are as diverse as ever and niche music is gaining sales success through efficient digital deliver systems, it’s almost anachronistic to consider the foray of rock stars into opera.
Yet if you hang out in rock circles online or in your life you may not even be aware of the proliferation of Opera composers with familiar names. I know I wasn’t, until I read an article by Washington Post reporter Anne Midgette. As a trained critic Midgette brought perspective and analysis to this movement, which you may be surprised, contains some true luminaries including Sir Paul McCartney and the John Paul Jones.
Now the thought of Led Zeppelin’s bass player composing an opera is pretty far fetched, yet Jones has squelched all chances of a Zep reunion as a result of his involvement with one of the oldest forms of music communication on the planet. Though his proposed opera is a work in progress, many musicians, whose busts are on display in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, have finished products attracting the attention of the libretto loving sect. For these artists, opera is opening up new challenges without boundaries.
One of the leading practitioners is The Police’s Stewart Copeland. His revolutionary precision statements during the eighties are a key reason Sting sits in the Hall, but now his interests lies in the art form whose star composers died hundreds of years ago. Copeland’s fourth Opera “The Tell Tale Heart” has won over hardened Opera purists. Los Angeles Times critic, Mark Swed was quoted in Midgette’s article as saying “I am… happy to report that an old rocker can learn new tricks.”
To some this comes as blasphemy, on both sides of the fence mind you, but with Midgette’s prominence as a classical critic and her recent recognition of the importance of this movement a whole new light will be shed on this phenomenon. As Midgette boldly states to the ears of those who prefer to hold spectacles in their hands as a opposed to a cold beer, “”It’s gratifying to watch high-profile artists take serious artistic risks and even gradually, get better at them.” And yet she still manages to bash The Who’s “Tommy” as unacceptable in the field.
Is it important to recognize rock musicians as opera composers? Does it matter? As the followers of classic rock artist should we at least sample this work to see if it may open our minds to new horizons? Did you pay attention when Luciano Pavarotti appeared on Saturday Night Live with Vanessa L. Williams?
Most genres of music are protected by vanguards whom feel they are filters of right and wrong. These self declared tastemakers decide whether something fits into their definition of the category. However, the digital revolution has lessen the impact of such gatekeepers and allows artists real freedom to express themselves. I don’t think Pink Floyd’s Roger Waters scored and wrote an opera (“Ca Ira”) for acceptance into their coveted world. I believe he wanted to make an artistic expression and not be limited to the three-minute attention span of a pop crowd.
So rock fans I’m not saying you have to like this trend or even go out and buy this music, just people don’t put them d-d-down, just because they g-g-get around the opera house.This is in response to Mayor Craig Johnson of Elk Grove Village. The mayor states that the reason for the red-light cameras is not revenue related but safety related. That is a fallacy. If it were for safety, then why are not bicyclists that blow stop signs and red-lights ticketed? That is a safety issue, also.
When is the last time that a delivery truck has been stopped and ticketed for speeding? That is a safety issue. I have seen village automobiles fail to come to a complete stop at red-light camera intersections. Are they caught by the cameras and, if so, is payment waived?
Contact information ( * required )
This concern for safety vs. revenue is not merely aimed at the mayor of Elk Grove Village. It is aimed at every village mayor. Villages cannot be selective in the ticketing of violators. Safety is important to every citizen. Enforcement of safety must be consistent. It cannot be a pick-and-choose exercise.
Gordon Speake
PalatineQPR suspend manager Magilton, who came on as a late substitute, left the dressing room in the wake of the confrontation.
The former Ipswich boss, who only took charge of the Loftus Road outfit in the summer, has now been told to stay away from the club while an investigation is carried out.
A statement on the club’s official website read: “The club can confirm that manager Jim Magilton has been suspended with immediate effect, pending an internal investigation.
“The suspension relates to an incident which occurred at Monday’s Championship fixture against Watford at Vicarage Road.”
Monday’s reverse at the hands of Watford came hot on the heels of Saturday’s humiliating 5-1 home hammering at the hands of Middlesbrough.
The Rs have claimed just one point from their last four Championship matches and have slipped to 12th in the table as a result, three points outside the play-off picture.
Related PostsCPR Begins with Our Youth
The American Heart Association is advocating to create future generations of lifesavers by teaching evidence-based, hands-on CPR to students before they graduate by adding these types of trainings to classes that are already required for graduation. Ninety percent of people who suffer out-of-hospital cardiac arrests die. Schools prepare students with essential life skills. By adding CPR training in an effort to make the lifesaving skill a normative behavior in response to cardiac events, schools play a critical role in the chain of survival.
Twenty one states in the nation have passed this bill, including all states in the American Heart Association’s Greater Southeast Affiliate (Alabama, Georgia, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee), with the exception of Florida. There are no certification requirements for this training; in just one hour of students’ four year high school career, we can give them the skills they need to help save lives – the lives of families, neighbors and friends. The bill language also allows the schools to be flexible to determine which part of its curriculum the training best fits: health, biology, life skills, PE etc. Students can learn these life-saving skills in the time it takes to watch one TV show.
The Facts:
-Ninety percent of people who suffer out-of-hospital cardiac arrests die. CPR, especially if performed immediately, can double or triple a cardiac arrest victim’s chance of survival.
-Nearly 424,000 out-of-hospital cardiac arrests occur annually in the United States.
-Most Americans (70 percent) feel helpless to act during a cardiac emergency because they don’t know how to administer CPR or they’re afraid of hurting the victim.
-80 percent of out-of-hospital cardiac arrests happen in private or residential settings. Statistically speaking, if you are called on to give CPR in an emergency, you will most likely be trying to save the life of someone you love: a child, a spouse, a parent or a friend.
-Several studies have shown that trainees, including school children, can achieve acceptable levels of proficiency in hands-on CPR in 30 minutes or less.
-When a teen or adult has a cardiac arrest, survival depends on immediately getting CPR from someone nearby. Survival rates drop as much as 10 percent for every minute that goes by without intervention.
-Hands-on CPR has been shown to be as effective as conventional CPR for cardiac arrest at home, at work or in public.
-Unfortunately, only 41 percent of people who experience a cardiac arrest at home, work or in public get the immediate help that they need before emergency help arrives.Teddy Girl Style for Fall’s night out!
It’s always difficult to choose the right dress code for a night out, when the temperatures swing greatly between the afternoon and the evening and you don't want to wear something too warm or too light! The secret is to adopt the so called ‘multilayer look’: consider it when you start your seasonal wardrobe changes, and you need to pass quickly from a light outfit to a moderately warm one.
Today we would like to suggest to you a must of the M Missoni Fall Collection 2013: a little black dress with an elegant embellishment, specially designed for fall nights out that will simplify your dress code choices during that time when the city's colors start to change and a feeling of renovation permeates everyone and everything!
Seize this opportunity to wear a floral jacquard dress with this season’s degradè colors and a Teddy Girl style: the M Missoni Fall 2013 Jacquard Dress has a jacquard design on the front reminiscent of fall's green, yellow and red leaves trimmed on a black base. The shapes evoke the 60's: snug elbow-length sleeves, marked waistline and crew neck and a short a-line skirt with two small side flounces.
The M Missoni Jacquard Dress is a totally fresh take on the classic little black dress. What makes it magic is the exquisite green/yellow/red floral jacquard fabric. Play it safe: wear pure simplicity and an amazing style. Match your jacquard dress with the M Missoni Accessories and get ready for the sparkling atmosphere of fall evenings!Yavatmal Collector Office recruitment 2013 for latest government jobs 2013. The total thirty number of positions are available for the talathi jobs 2013. Educational background required for the yavatmal recruitment 2013 talathi jobs in India is any graduation. Job location for this recruitment are talathi jobs in Maharashtra 2013 and across the India for govt jobs 2013. In Yavatmal Collector Office recruitment age group is between 18 to 30 for talathi jobs 2013. Experience required for talathi recruitment 2013 are 1 to 5 years of experience in relevant service field for talathi jobs in India latest government jobs 2013. Talathi jobs 2013 in Yavatmal Collector Office Pay scale per month for talathi position salary may get between Rs. 5220 to Rs. 20200 for Yavatmal Collector Office recruitment 2013 govt jobs 2013. Who are applicable for talathi recruitment 2013 engrossed and desirable applicants can apply online by using the web address or click the bellow link to apply for talathi jobs 2013 latest government jobs 2013 in yavatmal collector office all over the India. Last date for apply online in the yavatmal collector office recruitment 2013 is 14-08-2013. More information about talathi recruitment 2013 latest govt jobs 2013 all over the India is given bellow.
Yavatmal Collector Office Recruitment 2013 Talathi govt jobs in Maharastra Details:
Company Name: Yavatmal Collector Office
Web site:
Job Category: Govt.
Job Role: Talathi
No. of Posts: 30
Qualification: Any Graduation
Work Location: Yavatmal, Maharshtra, Across India
Age: 18 to 30
Experience: 1 to 5 years in relevant service field
How to Apply:
Engrossed and desirable Applicants can apply online by using the web address OR click the bellow link to apply. Last date for apply is 14-08-2013. For more information click the bellow link.
By
Anne Thompson
|
Thompson on Hollywood
October 7, 2010 at 1:20AM
Todd McCarthy is going to Janice Min's new iteration of The Hollywood Reporter as their new lead film reviewer. I am happy for him. He's a great critic, but making the adjustment from 30 years of working with a Variety support system to the independence of a blog was tough for him. I look forward to reading 'filmmakers,."Earth Week is off to a good start after two major rulings in two days mean we may start seeing less of this.
We’re only two and issuing permits under the Clean Water Act.
Yesterday, the 6th U.S. Court of Appeals revoked the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers use of Nationwide Permit 21 (NWP 21), a streamlined and inadequate process that has contributed to the expansion of mountaintop removal in Appalachia since 1992. Kentucky and West Virginia residents, with the support of groups including Kentuckians for the Commonwealth, Kentucky Waterways Alliance and the Kentucky Riverkeeper, have challenged the legality of NWP 21 in state and federal court for a decade.
In its ruling, the three-judge panel called the Corps’ actions “arbitrary and capricious” and found that the agency did not follow the applicable Clean Water Act (CWA) and National Environmental Policy Act .
This morning, as word of yesterday’s win for the mountains continued to spread, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia reversed a ruling that overturned the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s EPA from protecting communities from the harm caused by mountaintop removal mining in Appalachia.
While an earlier ruling called, the Sierra Club, Coal River Mountain Watch, the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition, Kentuckians for the Commonwealth, and Natural Resources Defense Council — for their dedication and hard work through years of litigation. Our Earth Week, and the weeks ahead, are brighter for it.
TAGS: appalachia, Clean Water Act, Coal, EPA, Mountaintop RemovalANNANDALE, Va- Goodwill, a place you go to donate or buy used items . But one anonymous Virginia donor takes there generosity to another level.
A Northern Virginia Goodwill got a donation of jewelry dropped off in a plastic bag, jewelry is a common donation… but in that bag there was a diamond among the rough.
The 3-carat diamond ring with a 14k gold band was in the bag of jewelry. Workers said the size of the ring made it stand out. Once Goodwill had the ring appraised they began an auction on their website, and the bids came rolling in. Yesterday the ring was sold for 11,601 dollars.
Goodwill, gracious of the anonymous donation, tells CBS that the money collected for the ring will be used for job training programs.
By: Charyssa ParentPackage: t-prot (3.3-1)
Links for t-prot
Debian Resources:
Download Source Package t-prot:
Maintainers:
External Resources:
Similar packages:
display filter for Internet messages
This program provides "TOFU-Protection" to improve the readability of email and newsposts. TOFU is a German acronym for "Text oben, Fullquote unten", meaning the regrettably widespread reply style that leaves all the quotes untrimmed and just adds some text at the top. This script filters annoying mailing list footers, long signatures, and TOFU, as well as squeezing sequences of blank lines, exclamation marks, etc.
It currently offers example configurations for applying t-prot within heirloom-mailx, INN 2, mailcap, Mutt, or slrn. It should be possible to do likewise with other programs that allow a message to be passed through a filter before being displayed. If you use such a program we'd be interested if you could send in your setup.
Other Packages Related to t-prot
- dep: debconf (>= 0.5)
- Debian configuration management system
- or debconf-2.0
- virtual package provided by cdebconf, cdebconf-udeb, debconf
- dep: liblocale-gettext-perl
- module using libc functions for internationalization in Perl
-
-
- enh: heirloom-mailx
- feature-rich BSD mail(1)
-
- enh: mailcap
- Package not available
-
-In what is sure to be a blockbuster edition of 60 Minutes Sunday night, Conan O’Brien opens up about Jay Leno, TV’s late night wars, and the “toxic” atmosphere at NBC.
Speaking to 60 Minutes correspondent Steve Kroft, a bearded Conan said if he had “surrendered” the Tonight Show to someone else, as Jay Leno did, he would not have returned six months later and reclaimed it. “But that’s just me,” he said.
PHOTOS: Conan Kisses A Dolphin
O’Brien also spoke with emotion about what he called the “toxic” environment at the peacock network.
Jay Leno: Jimmy Kimmel Sucker Punched Me
VIDEO: Jimmy Kimmel’s LOL Impression Of Jay Leno
“I put everything in to what I do,” O’Brien said somberly. “And when it started to get toxic and I started to feel….I don’t even know if these people even want me here…I can’t do it.”
<embed src=’’ FlashVars=’linkUrl=’ allowFullScreen=’true’ width=’425′ height=’324′ type=’application/x-shockwave-flash’ pluginspage=’’></embed><br/><a href=’’>Watch CBS News Videos Online</a>
Conan has a new talk show on cable’s TBS debuting in November.A primary objective in Brendan Rodgers' recent 3-5-2 system for Liverpool is to isolate forward duo Daniel Sturridge and Luis Suarez in two against two situations at the expense of the opposition.
The boss has altered his formation in recent weeks to accommodate both the Englishman and the Uruguayan at the front of his team, while also retaining defensive solidity at the other end of the pitch.
That set-up worked spectacularly at Sunderland last weekend, when the attacking pair wreaked havoc in scoring all three goals between them to down the Black Cats 3-1 at the Stadium of Light.
"It's about exploiting the strengths of our players and I think this does it well for us," Rodgers told the Liverpool Echo.
 in their half of the pitch because of our strikers' pace and power. That's what happened for our second goal at Sunderland.
"When Stevie won it in the middle he made the pass out to Sturridge, who spun out. He was one-on-one, he went past the defender with his pace and crossed for Suarez, who had bust a gut to get there, to score."
At his pre-Crystal Palace press conference on Thursday, the Northern Irishman refused to be drawn on journalists' questions whether 3-5-2 is now his preferred formation for the Reds.
Instead, Rodgers is keen to highlight the potential of having an alternative system to switch to, stressing the potential numerical advantage the option provides for his players.
He continued: "If you think back to last season, it's not just something we have thrown on.
 11:37MANSON, Wash. - A Chelan County fire chief says a couple was.
Link to the story.
It's not often you get to read a story that is as equally sad and hysterical as this one. My heart breaks at the thought of the lonely misguided cow stumbling off a 200-foot cliff, but how can you possibly visualize this situation and not laugh out loud? I know I for one get startled when I'm driving and a rock bounces up and hits the car. Imagine a 600 pound cow? Falling out of the sky? I'm willing to bet the couple decides to stay home for their anniversary next year.
Oh, and yes, this is just another reason why I love living in the northwest. Stuff like this just doesn't happen in New Jersey.
1 comment:
Somehow I can't help but see the scene as a Far Side panel... I wish I could read the caption.
"Chuck, I told you, don't have a cow!"Artful expression, from the heart
Disabled artists come together for Walters exhibit
Artists ply their trades for a number of reasons, whether it's painting as a way to make money or sculpting as a means of expressing deep and complex thoughts.
At Portland-based art school Art from the Heart, the process of creating art has become a way for developmentally disabled adults to build social skills while simultaneously learning ways to express themselves through a number of media.
Established in 1990, Art from the Heart offers classes in a wide array of media - from painting and drawing to encaustics, ceramics, bookmaking, music, theater and beyond.
The overarching goal of the organization is to provide developmentally disabled adults with a way to connect with one another as a community while also exploring their own creative spirits.
The results, says program director Emily Conradson, are often a delightful surprise.
'I really am surprised with the quality, especially when they try new media,' says Conradson. 'It's so interesting and versatile. I'm surprised when people want to focus on drawing and painting, and then you give them a new media to work with and they love it.'
Throughout September, two dozen pieces of artwork from Art from the Heart are on display at Hillsboro's Walters Cultural Arts Center. The exhibit marks the group's first show in the city.
Through the program, students of Art from the Heart are exposed to multiple media and offered the chance to try their hands at many different styles.
Unlike many art classes, however, Art from the Heart's focus on working together as a community helps its participants branch out into many different levels of expression, creating an environment where art becomes less a solitary endeavor and more a social event.
'A lot of artists do work in isolation, including me. But this is really a way to connect with other people and find the common point where they can work together,' Conradson said.
'The artists are creating in a social environment. People are proud of their artwork, and they want to share their work with other people. People definitely influence each other in terms of subject matter, and in trying things.'
Conradson says the program also offers a unique challenge for the staff, which is tasked with fostering the sense of community while also urging its attendees to express complex ideas and emotions through art.
With so many different personality types and levels of disability, she says it can sometimes be difficult to maintain focus. But once that focus is honed, she says, beautiful things result.
'We deal more with socialization, the day-to-day building of social skills,' says Conradson. 'We have 29-31 artists scheduled to attend every day, so that's a lot of personalities. Hopefully on top of (socializing) we can actually get together well enough where we can make some artwork.
'If we're going to be creating work in the same environment, then everybody needs to be OK with everybody before you can focus on what you're doing. The classes and the structure help with that goal.'
At the end of the day, Conradson and her team are almost always able to help the students of the organization find themselves as artists. The proof of the program's success is literally on the walls of the school's in-house gallery, and in the halls of the Walters Center.
'It's all over the place,' says Conradson. 'Not everyone has the same interests and abilities. We try to keep it very broad so that people can try new things, and to keep it interesting for the staff so we get to play too and continue to help people grow as individual artists. Their work is just amazing.'
- The Art from the Heart exhibit is on display through Sept. 28 at the Walters Cultural Arts Center, located at 527 E Main St. in Hillsboro. To learn more, call 615-3494, or visit ci.hillsboro.or.us/wcac or artfromtheheartpdx.com.The number of cyclists on Melbourne's roads has soared by up to 50 per cent during peak hour in the past year, according to new figures.
Initial figures revealed increases of between 12 and 50 per cent on routes across the city, Bicycle Victoria spokesman Garry Brennan said.
However."
Eh? Not many, surely.
But he said it was natural that the number cycling injuries would rise in line with a jump in the number of people taking up cycling.
Crikey, hasn’t he heard there’s safety in numbers?
But wait! Here’s an expert:.
This is the sort of guff the CTC peddles. But it’s not about numbers or visibility. It’s about safe infrastructure.
However, this bit’s true:.’’
And then more tosh:
Ms Johnson said many European countries were also well equipped with cycle paths and other cycling facilities, resulting in fewer injuries.
Many? I can only think of two, the Netherlands and Denmark. But even these countries have radical variations in cycling modal share, entirely related to infrastructure.
Or perhaps Ms Johnson is thinking of the legendary Shangri-la that is the London Borough of Waltham Forest, with its forty miles of cycle lanes and ‘quiet routes’. Casualty figures for cyclists are quite low. But then again that’s because hardly anybody cycles.Pikeville Office
Phone: 606-433-7661Fax: 606-433-7798
In 1996, the legislature created the Workers' Compensation Specialist program to further assist the public as a low-cost means to resolve disputes as to entitlement to benefits and expedite delivery of service to injured workers. Specialists perform many of the same duties as the previous ombudsmen.
All specialists are knowledgeable about Kentucky Workers' Compensation and applicable procedures. Specialists are located in two sites in Kentucky.
Phone: 606-433-7661Fax: 606-433-7798Hours: 8 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
Specialist: Paula Hampton
If you have questions, send an e-mail to: kywcombuds@ky.govCoursework candidature changes
All Requests for candidature variation need to be submitted through your Sydney Student Portal
Below is a list of all possible candidature changes:
- Requesting credit
- Transferring your candidature to another degree
- Suspending your candidature
- Withdrawing from your course
- Adding or withdrawing from a unit of study
Requesting credit
Credit for coursework should be requested through your Sydney Student Portal. Such requests must be supported by documentary evidence of having enrolled and satisfactorily completed the relevant subject, such as certified transcripts, and course outlines to show the relevance of the subject.
The granting of credit is limited and for further details please refer to your Course Coordinator and to the Academic Board Advanced Standing, Credit and Exemption Policy (PDF).
Transferring your candidature to another degree
In some cases it is possible to transfer from one degree to another and obtain credit for work already completed. Sydney Medical School offer several articulated coursework courses which enable students to upgrade to a higher level course with credit for the units of study already completed, subject to satisfactory progress and approval. For example, a student may, on completion of the Graduate Certificate in Pain Management, upgrade to the Graduate Diploma of Science in Medicine (Pain Management) and then subsequently upgrade to the Master of Science in Medicine (Pain Management).
Please note that it is also possible to transfer to a lower level course if you are no longer able to continue with your studies. All students wishing to transfer to another degree within Sydney Medical School should use your Sydney Student Portal
Suspending your candidature
If you have to interrupt your candidature at any time after you have enrolled and commenced you must apply to suspend your candidature. Suspension of candidature is permitted for one semester or, in exceptional circumstances, for two semesters. You are not permitted to apply for a suspension once you have reached the latest date for completion of your degree. Requests for suspension must be made in advance and not retrospectively and reasons for the suspension must be given.
All students wishing to suspend their candidature can do so through the Sydney Student Portal.
Withdrawing from your course
If your circumstances are such that you are unable to continue with your studies can do so through the Sydney Student Portal.
Adding or withdrawing from a unit of study
You can add a unit of study or withdraw from one via your Sydney Student Portal any time up to the census date of the relevant semester (usually 31 March for semester 1 and 31 August for semester 2). Please check the academic dates for the official dates. If you have difficulties changing your units via your Sydney Student Portal and it is not beyond the relevant census dates then you will need to contact the Postgraduate Student Administration Unit.Fitz and the Tantrums: With their second album, More Than Just a Dream, dropping earlier this month before they appeared at KROQ’s Weenie Roast (above), it was only a matter of time before these L.A. rock ’n’ soul favorites added a proper hometown show: July 27 at the Wiltern, with the Colourist opening. Tickets, $25-$27.50, go on sale Friday, May 31, at 10 a.m.
Also at that venue and also on sale at that time: Animal Collective, Baltimore’s acclaimed experimental outfit, still touring behind last year’s Centipede Hz, returns Oct. 21, with Dan Deacon opening, $25.
Plus, New Zealand ensemble the Naked and Famous, who are wrapping work in L.A. on their second effort, arrive at the art deco theater on Sept. 27, $30, after launching a 19-date North American run at House of Blues San Diego on Sept. 25, $25. (They come back Oct. 26 to play the Fox Theater in Pomona, $25-$35.)
Brian Wilson with Al Jardine and David Marks: Well, they can’t very well call themselves the Beach Boys, can they? Not while Mike Love’s got legal control of the name, anyway. So, as previously reported, the parts of the legendary California group who aren’t named Love or Bruce Johnston are touring on their own, with a Greek Theatre show slated for Oct. 20, $35-$75, on sale Saturday at 10 a.m.
Two Door Cinema Club: The Northern Irish act, increasingly popular stateside (they drew pretty huge at both Coachellas last month), return for a spotlight at the Greek on Nov. 2, with opening sets from Capital Cities and St. Lucia, $35-$45, on sale Saturday at 10 a.m. Those in South O.C. might want to catch nearly the same lineup, with Peace substituting for Capital Cities, when it plays Halloween night at Humphrey’s Concerts by the Bay in San Diego, $33, on sale Friday at 10 a.m.
Also at the Greek: The Regeneration Tour 2013 will bring together Erasure’s Andy Bell, Howard Jones, Information Society and Men Without Hats on Aug. 30, $34.75-$69.75, on sale Saturday at 10 a.m.
HIM & Volbeat: With so many heavier rock bands taking part in Sacramento’s Aftershock Festival in mid-September, it’s only logical several of them will add dates closer to us. Here’s the first: the Finnish goth-metal favorite and their Scandinavian neighbors from Denmark will headline the Hollywood Palladium the day after that weekend event ends, Sept. 16. All That Remains and Airbourne open. Tickets, $42.50, are on sale Friday at 10 a.m.
First City Festival: Speaking of NorCal events that might be worth a cheap flight or daylong drive, Monterey will host its first Coachella-esque gathering Aug. 24-25 at the city’s County Fair and Event Center, with Modest Mouse, Passion Pit, MGMT, Neko Case and Beach House topping the bill.
Much of the rest of the lineup is a who’s who of indie stars, many of whom are appearing at L.A.’s FYF Fest that same weekend: Toro y Moi, Devendra Banhart, Washed Out, Okkervil River, Deerhunter, Purity Ring, Dr. Dog, the Hold Steady, Delta Spirit, Father John Misty, plus more than a dozen more. Tickets, $149.50 for two-day passes, are on sale Friday at 10 a.m.
The Black Angels: Before they too head to the First City Festival, these Austin psych-rockers, touring behind new album Indigo Meadow, will warm-up at the Observatory in Santa Ana, $20. Lucero does the same thing on Aug. 24, $18. Both gigs go on sale Friday at 10 a.m.
And in the venue’s smaller Constellation Room: Tallhart with From Indian Lakes, Aug. 1, $10; Owen with Laura Stevenson, Aug. 2, $13; and Lightning Dust, Aug. 7, 10.
Blink-182: Think we might see an O.C. or L.A. gig from the punk-pop trio in late summer or early fall? Sure makes sense now that they’ve been announced as headliner of KJEE’s Summer Round Up at Santa Barbara Bowl on Sept. 18. (They're also booked, along with Thirty Seconds to Mars and 11 more bands, for 91X's X-Fest at Sleep Train Amphitheatre in Chula Vista on Sept. 20, $19.50-$49.50.) Atlas Genius and New Politics open at the Bowl, $35-$55, on sale Friday at 4 p.m.
DJ Quik & Suga Free: Another night from the rappers, this time at the Fox Theater in Pomona on July 20, $35-$45, on sale Friday at 10 a.m.
Pepe Aguilar: The Texan ranchera star has yet another performance at the doomed Gibson Amphitheatre before it closes, Sept. 5, $54.75-$194.75, on sale Friday at 1.The reigning NFL champions have commenced the process of identifying the best 53 players to attempt to defend the crown.
The team officially announced on Monday a variety of roster moves, headlined by the release of veteran tackle Wade Smith and veteran cornerback Terrell Thomas.
Smith, a 12-year veteran, started every game in Houston from 2010 through 2013. He signed with the Seahawks on August 4.
Also gone are tackle Cory Brandon, running back Demitrius Bronson, safety Mike Dobson, defensive end Jackson Jeffcoat, receiver Kevin Smith, and cornerback Thomas Wolfe.
Jeffcoat, the 2013 Big 12 defensive player of the year and winner of the Ted Hendricks Award, arrived as an undrafted free agent with a “boulder” on his shoulder. That still wasn’t enough to get Jeffcoat to the final 75.
Jeffcoat just isn’t that good.
Did that pesky PED get cut from their roster? Losing a lot of talent with that cut…
The rest of the league can eat up the scraps from our table and it would be a feast for some teams.
Some of our throwaways could start on some teams.
Cuts to 75:
OT Wade Smith
CB Terrell Thomas
OT Cory Brandon
RB Demitrius Bronson
S Mike Dobson
DE Jackson Jeffcoat
WR Kevin Smith
CB Thomas Wolfe
That’s 8. Let’s see how quickly they get snapped up. Most teams are probably waiting for the 2nd round of cuts to get the choicest cast-aways.
Seadderall Cheathawks .. that is all #Nobodyhasitbetter
Jeffcoat and Bronson are good, just too much depth on roster at those spots, if they don’t get plucked by the 9ers, good practice squad insurance.
Santa Clara is slobbering all over itself to get its hands on our leftovers.
Seasterisk cheathawks*
Dear NFL, you may now commence begging for the crumbs from our table.
Re-Pete
3-Pete
Thought Bronson may had kept around for another week.
Terrell Thomas…welcome to the Lions
Their roster is just so deep. There are going to be some very good players let go. Hopefully they catch on with another team.
Just for the record, some of the throwaways from every team could start for some teams. The reality is, sometimes a player simply doesn’t work out in one place but fits a scheme somewhere else.
I know the Seattle fan base is new to football but this happens “the Cuts” to every team…. not a big deal…
Wow! Wade Smith got cut…. I think he made the Pro Bowl 2 years ago. So much for leaving for greener pastures….
The Hawks are a tough try out for either a young player attempting to make his first squad, or a borderline vet attempting to remain in the league…they’re DEEP.
Better true up that D-line, hate to see another back-breaking 75yd run up the middle, a la Willie Parker. Right aceking?
Kind of like making a username called “Chuck Norris”? Trying to compensate for something, pal?
#YOUMADYOUDONTHAVEADYNASTY
#REPETE
#ABOVEREPROACH
I have a question. If you’re not even a 1st cut winner are you even a NFL player. It seems that after the first cut you’ll never be back.
Dropping that swing pass in Denver good riddance Bronson.
^^ The Hawks don’t have a dynasty either. One superbowl does not equal a dynasty. That statement is why everyone thinks Seahawk fans are annoying.
I thought Bronson did well… But that’s behind the big three… Lynch, Turbin and Michael. Bummer
Jeffcoat is too light to hold up against the run as a DE and too inexperienced to win a job at OLB. The Hawks are deep at both spots. Put him on a PS for a year and let him bulk up. Then we will see what he can be.
I have been a Seahawks fan since the days of Jim Zorn and Steve Largent and I can honestly say that all of the these Troll’ing Seahawks comments from these so called Seahawks fans talking trash makes me sick. I remember my favorite team when they tried and failed with Rick Mirer, Dan McGwire, Kelly Stouffer, Brock Huard, among others and where were these trolls then… Oh wait I know… cheering for the Cowboys, Patriots, 49ers, and Bronco’s championship teams.
Please people don’t make legitimate Seahawks fans look like fools with your attempts to anger other readers… leave that to the Vikings trolls!
Some of the throwaways could start on most teams? Negative, btw of your eleven offensive starters, only one would be welcome on the best offense in the NFL. The rest wouldn’t even make the roster.
Crownofthehelmet,
My thoughts exactly, but I calm my self in thinking that has more to do with our starting middle linebacker-Bobby Wagner not playing until the opening game of the regular season and Kam Chancellor not being at his top condtioning performance yet; this being his first gameday experience if the year. I’m deffinitely liking what I’m seeing and in llooking at the game a third time, Baldwin is absolutely at top and perfect performance. Hoowever, TE Wilson concerns me with those droppedballs that absolutely should not have been dropped. Lynch shows why, with this three-headed running beast, why his career will be extended and he WILL GET AN OFFSEASON EXTENSION….He will retire a Hawk and be set for the HOF
Fun fact for those that don’t know: Jackson Jeffcoat was Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year, and went undrafted. So, if Michael Sam doesn’t crack the 53 man as reigning SEC Co-Defensive Player of the Year and a 7th round pick, know that others have gotten cut with just as much college accolades as Michael Sam.
@Chuck Norris
This website is rife with the fans and trolls you’re talking about. It’s everyone, not just Seattle fans.
The Legion of Performance Enhancing Drugs.
Chuck Norris,
That username says more about your pyche than a fan being a fan ever will, because a fan is a group identity for a common object of their adornment; it’s called loyalty, “Lone wolf McCoy”.
And every one of them leaves with “mysterious” track marks on their arms. Weird.
As a Hawks fan, some of these “fan” comments make me ill. Get a grip. They win ONE Superbowl and all the sudden they’re a dynasty. Get a clue
They are clearing space and waiting for the Vikings to cut more players and snag them up.
peytons5head says:
Aug 25, 2014 2:19 PM
The Legion of Performance Enhancing Drugs.
It’s not our kicker who garnered a four game suspension. Just because we absolutely killed you last year, your childlike comment is ridiculous!
Go Hawks!
That’s too bad to hear about Jeffcoat. He was a beast at UT.
Oh well, life goes on.
L.O.P.E.D
L.O.43-8 haha beat it you troll!!!
the Seahawks are no dynasty they have a chance to win a few more but no way are they a dynasty right noe.
Chuck Norris says:
Aug 25, 2014 1:51 PM
44 11
Report comment
——————————-
…. Says the guy who’s username is Chuck Norris.
Every fan base is exactly the same mix of trolls and worthwhile contributors. If you think yours don’t stink, it’s only because you’ve gotten used to the smell.
That said, there are fewer efforts more futile than admonishing the anonymous social media horde. Just pitch in something meaningful when you can, and ignore everything else.
You get those kind if comments from Seahawk fans mainly as response to the continueing troll comments of PEDhawks, cheathawks, Pete the cheat, Seachickens, bandwagon fans, etc, etc, etc. People that are looking for a response (that’s what trolling means) will get it. Seahawks fans are watching their team play and practice and getting more and more confident by the day. Of course they are going to boast a little. They are Superbowl champions after all. Talk of a dynasty is just that, talk. All teams do it. Why do you let Seahawk fans bother you so? We like our team. We have a lot of confidence in our team. Are you jealous or what?
Lol, I love you hawks fans replys. Btw I’m a 49ers fan, I hate Peyton manning
News Flash:
Fans of every team are the exact same, some good, some crap.
PED “jokes” aren’t funny, or accurate.
Pete Carroll didn’t “Cheat” he has done nothing different than 99% of coaches out there.
The Seahawks are REALLY good and REALLY young.
@beastmode5150
Not all fans act like that. Cause some have been there, gotten burned and then been there again. Seahawks fans have two years of experience with winning. Eventually you guys will know what it’s like. Because it won’t last forever. Thats a promise.
A few more unfunny things: fourty- whiners, krapernick,
Crabtree mediocre jokes and using santa clara like its an insult.
You do all those things. I’ve seen you.
Dynasty’a start somewhere…the Seahawks have gotten better (faster)) on defense and have upgraded significantly on offense ( my projection: offense top 5,) defense #1.
When you’re coming off a Super Bowl win and you’re actually getting better, early tallk of a dynasty is more than warranted…I remeber the days of Terry Bradshaw, Jack Lambert, Jack Ham, L.C. Greenwood, Mean. Joe Greene, Rocky Blier, Lynn Swann, Jon Stallworth, Franco Harris…they were young and would be together a while, just like these Seahawks…Remember, they were close in 2012, which is when the team started to gel…Dynasty talk? Yeah, more than warranted as a legitimate conversation. Don’t hate
Great defenses create dynasties…bet on blue;-)
blah blah i don’t know what’s going on but i really want to belong and this 12 on my shirt sure is pretty blah blah i hear this football thing is catching on since we have nothing else to brag about but rain and overpriced coffee blah blah legion of boom sounds pretty badass if you’re into comic books blah blah let’s go troll some 49er threads because i want to belong really bad blah blah blah i bet i can be a bigger doushe than you, book it blah blah blah
See how easy that was? I’m a real Seahawks fan now!
This is a story about the Seahawks so who is trolling misterautomatic?
Please don’t move to Seattle. It rains here ALL the time. He, he.
Seahawks fans have two years of experience with winning.
And 49ers have three.
Oh wait.
They haven’t won, have they?
higheriqthanyou says:
Aug 25, 2014 7:03 PM
Seahawks fans have two years of experience with winning.
And 49ers have three.
Oh wait.
They haven’t won, have they?
———————–
Sorry dude…the NFL existed before 2011. Im old enough and lucky enough to have experienced all FIVE super bowl victories. And yes…I am fully aware they were 20+ yrs ago. But they’re still special to me. Just like 2013 will always be special to you. No amount of Seahawk or 49ers fan taunting (respectively) can take that away.
My point is, we were dominant for quite awhile…then we weren’t…and we’ve been pretty dominant again the last few years. Our success has gone in waves. Long, spread out waves albeit. You 12s are riding your first wave. Enjoy it cause it’ll break eventually. The salary cap has insured that.
And to answer your question…you’re damn right we’ve won. Five times. My team is the 49ers. Not kaepernick, crabtree, bowman, etc. It’s all about the team. Maybe those guys don’t have a ring but the 49ers have FIVE. Im sure you’ll understand that kind of loyalty one day.
@higheriqthanyou
All that being said, I respect the Seahawks as a team. I don’t love the antics (as Im sure you don’t loves ours) but you have a great team. Which is what makes this such a great rivalry. Our 5 super bowls were spread out over 14 yrs. Im sure we’ll see more Seahawks victories in years to come. Im pretty sure the next few championships will go through the NFC West. Here’s to great competition. We’re all 0-0 today.The Simplest Way to Generate Killer iPhone Game or App Ideas
Before you can develop an iPhone app, you’ve got to have something to create. The conceptual phase of application development can be split into two parts: idea collection and idea generation.
In the previous article we covered ways of capturing you’re app and game ideas. Today we’ll explore the sexiest part of game development: idea generation.
What We’ll Explore
In this and the next post I’m going to lead you through I developed the concept for my first game – LOB. All of the resources discussed here are freely available to you. You just have to take the time to conduct a little market research.
The methods I present here can be used to create your own app and game ideas or you can use them to validate an idea you already have.
Designing the Next ‘Smash Hit’
To have a successful mobile game, your game doesn’t have to be totally unique. Most of the ‘smash hit’ games are in fact variations on some other game theme.
Originality doesn’t guarantee success. And it can actually prove to be a hindrance. The top ranking games are successful for a reason – they take what people like and they either expand on the concept or they improve it.
With that said, lets look at some of the ways you can gain inspiration for you first iPhone game. Then we’ll have a quick look how you can improve the user’s mobile gaming experience.
Idea Generation
As I said before, to have a successful game in the App Store you don’t need to come up with a totally unique game. The simplest and easiest way to create a concept for a new game is to take an old game and improve it.
Two of the fastest ways to undertake your market research is to use:
Online Game Sites
Online game sites can be a great source of inspiration. These sites have a great mix of old and new games. Many of the popular mobile games are either old video games converted to a mobile game or old video games ‘rebirthed’ with a few new tweaks to modernise the user’s experience.
Taking the time to browse through a few game sites can produce a heap of wonderful ideas just be careful not to spend a lot of time playing the games – remember the point of the exercise is to conduct research!
App Store
The App Store is a perfect place to conduct your research. You can search through the top free, top paid and top grossing lists for ideas. Another way you can use the App Store is to research your idea by analysing similar games, paying particular attention to Customer Reviews.
When I designed LOB I researched similarly themed games for ideas on how I could improve on these previously successful games. Then I incorporated these ideas into LOB.
What sort of things should you be considering when you undertake your research?
What to Analyse
1) What’s Hot
The first thing to consider is what is hot. Take a look through the top free, paid and grossing lists paying particular attention to the types of game themes that make up the top app lists.
2) What’s Working
Next, again using the top free, paid and grossing lists you’ll want to make a note of the most popular gameplay types.
Looking at what’s hot and what’s working will give you a feel for what people are playing presently.
3) Game Feedback
The last thing you’ll want to do is to research the ‘big hits in the same game genre as your game to identify ways you could improve the user’s gaming experience.
To do this I use the Customer Ratings and Customer Reviews for a game or app. What I want to know is:
- What do they like and dislike about a game?
- What are some of the suggested improvements users have left in the comments section?
The absolutely fantastic thing about the App Store is that this information is readily available and free! How good is that? Targeted market research can’t get any better than that!
When I researched LOB, I literally trolled through hundreds of Customer Reviews carefully recording the pro’s and con’s of the games types I was considering.
Yes this may seem tedious, but the information you’ll glean from the user comments is invaluable. Think about it, you are actually using this feedback to design a game that users are telling you they want!
At the end of this exercise you should have an idea of the most popular game themes and gameplay types currently in the App Store. You should have also collected some priceless information on what users like and don’t like about particular games.
Armed with this information you can now design your game with the aim of improving the user’s gaming experience.
How Can You Improve on the User’s Experience?
There are a number of ways that you can improve the user’s game experience. Some are a little more costly than others, but you don’t have to make massive changes to a popular game genre to have a hit.
For example, you can make any of the following improvements to a pre-existing gameplay type or theme:
- enhanced graphics
- build a 3D engine
- add Powerups, Utilities and Upgrades into the game play or
- use social integration (turn based, multi-player functionality.)
Each of these options can be used to build upon an existing gameplay type or theme – each one has the ability to improve your chances of creating a game that goes viral.
Summary
So let’s quickly recap the two step process I used to create the concept for LOB.
I researched online game sites and the App Store looking at what’s hot and what’s working. Then I used feedback left by users to identify ways I could enhance the user’s experience.
Key Points:
- Your game doesn’t have to be original to be a smash hit.
- Use freely available online sources (App Store, online game sites) to conduct your research.
- Look at what’s hot and what’s working.
- Customer Ratings and Customer Reviews are free, targeted market research – so use ‘em!
- Take an existing game theme and improve the user’s experience
In the next post we’ll look at: game themes and gameplay types.
If you’re interested in following the development of my first game LOB or you’d like to be notified of the latest post, you can sign up to receive the ‘itcanappen’ newsletter.
As a bonus for signing up, you’ll not only be notified of the latest development in LOB, you’ll also gain access to a variety of checklists (as I release them) to help you develop your very own game.
Game On…….
F8KYU6BH8AYY
Category : Blog &developing iPhone apps
Iphone App Design: How to Capture Your iPhone App and Game Ideas
2 years ago
[...] In the next post we’ll get our creative juices flowing when we explore the sexy side of mobile game design – idea generation. [...]
How To Develop an iPhone Game with a Killer Theme and Gameplay
2 years ago
[...] the previous post we looked at ways you can nurture those killer iPhone game ideas. Now it’s time to expand your game ideas. I’ve found the best way to approach this task [...]Madison River Fishing
Guide Service Fishing Rates
Spend a day on the Madison River with Riverborn Outfitters! Guiding the Madison since 1994, Mike Treloar and his team of hard working fishing guides know every spot
on the Madison River where hungry fish hide. Meet your guide in the morning at the Fly Shop at the Rainbow Valley Lodge. Then off to the river! Fish in comfort from a drift boat as your guide gently rows and positions you for casting to some of Montana’s hard fighting trout.
Looking to fish more than one river on your Montana fishing vacation? Riverborn Outfitters also offers guided fishing trips on the famous Missouri River, the Yellowstone River, the Jefferson River as well as the Upper and Lower Madison River.
Guide Service Daily Rates
Daily Fishing Rates
$495 – Full Day
$365 – Half Day
Montana Outfitter License #6810Aviagen Group
Cummings Research Park
920 Explorer Boulevard NW
Huntsville, AL 35806
USA
T: +1 256 890 3800
F: +1 256 890 3919
E: info@aviagen.com
If you would like to receive additional information on any of our brands, please use our Sign Up form.
Aviagen Offices
Mouse over for contact information.On Monday, investors on Wall Street sent stocks soaring on the airy hope that the president and Congress will come up with a deal to avoid the "fiscal, it might be useful to recall how we got wedged into this precarious corner. that grew out of the near-disastrous debt ceiling showdown between President Obama and House Republicans.
PHOTOS: Top of the Ticket cartoons
The idea was that Republicans and Democrats would finally put differences aside and reach a budget compromise because both sides would be motivated by dread of automatic across-the-board cuts and tax hikes that would almost certainly hit the U.S. economy like a wrecking ball..
Many folks who claim to be political experts say this is mere posturing and that both sides will give up something to get a deal done -- with Republicans giving up more because the president is in a commanding negotiating position having just won reelection. Perhaps they are right, but the kind of hardheaded political calculation that used to get deals done in the days of Lyndon Johnson or Tip O’Neill has given way to ideological purity.
Congress is now filled with people like tea party cheerleader Michele Bachmann who has said that maybe it would not be such a bad idea to let the country go over the fiscal cliff. Boehner will have a tough enough time cajoling Ryan into any kind of compromise; he is unlikely to ever get crusaders like Bachmann and her hyper-conservative compatriots to give him an inch or a vote.
Hard-line liberals will also be difficult to move, especially if a proposed deal threatens the status quo in Social Security or Medicare. What is needed in the House and Senate is a bipartisan effort of folks in the center. That's where all the work used to get done in the old days, but it has been a long time since anyone has pulled together a coalition of rational compromisers..Copyright © 2015, Los Angeles TimesMolly Smith and the Tigers did twice in four hours what nobody else has done in the past 13 months:
Defeat the Banks softball team.
Smith, Yamhill-Carlton's senior right-hander, struck out 13 in a nine-inning complete game as the Tigers earned a 3-2 victory in the opener of Friday's doubleheader. Junior Elayna Apuya raced home with the winning run on a wild pitch with two outs and two strikes in the bottom of the ninth.
The Memphis-bound ace came back to pitch five innings of relief in the second game, striking out six as Yamhill-Carlton earned a sweep with a 7-5 win.
With the victories, the Tigers (14-1, 8-1 Cowapa League) leapfrogged Banks (14-2, 7-2) in both the Cowapa League standings and the OSAA's Class 4A power rankings. Yamhill-Carlton's only loss came at Banks on April 15.
Of the 399 high school baseball and softball teams in Oregon, Banks was the last to suffer a loss this season. Banks, the two-time defending state champion, hadn't lost since falling 4-2 to Class 6A Aloha on March 26, 2013.
"Absolutely tremendous," Smith said. "This was our team goal since my freshman year ... to take them down.
"It's the best feeling in the world."This board has as much life in it as the fragrance division of IFF. The changes prove the axiom that you can fool all of the people (on the board) all of the time. Is the CEO blind? When did the French get the knowhow to brainwash so many people? We suspect most non-French are Stepford Wives. Those left with a brain speak in codes. This is the reverse of the Arab spring. The French junta has killed free speech and everything else. We wait, quietly for the inevitable coup. The silent majority.
Problem is that when you take a fine fragrance guy and put him in charge of increasing the prices of fragrance ingredients, if he doesn't listen to people telling him the difference between specialities and off-patent commodities, you end up with the massive volume drops that they have experienced.
Since Q3 2011 the Fragrance Ingredients business has tanked, why because they got too greedy on prices and forgot that the "added convenience" or "safety" or "ease of doing business" with an American or European company over an Indian or Chinese company had its price - push the gap too hard and the commodities will start coming in by the FCL and your volumes evaporate.
Shame that IFF did not have smart fragrance at-the-sharp-end strategic experts that they listened to.
Better an Australian who knows what he is talking about than a Frenchman who believes his own BS.
It becomes said when you use the word commodity and fragrance in the same sentence... but true: To be fair it is not only them. The Fragrance business has done it to them. The point of difference between the majors and the minors is not significant any longer. There was a time when you had the big three and everyone else picked up the scraps they did not want. Now, the mom & pop operations are being invited for either price, ease of doing business or 'added value'. I would have thought that these mom & pop's would have been taken over or pushed out. Not the case. The small players are 'winning' and growing.
They raised their prices. CEO is open to take over.
u got it, shareholders rule! who would buy iff, firmenich???
Great company; good earnings coming up; possible takeover. What's not to like?
They just raised their prices and the Ceo is shopping the company for a take over. You do not know much.
Fragrance leadership style is narcissistic, pretentious, slippery, promotes group think, hates criticism, courts flattery.
No longer a leader - now a follower:
Example - technologies, ingredients, consumer insights. What was once their breakthrough is now a cut and paste or something somebody upstairs read about and 'now we must do it better' - it has gotten old.
I will say they still have a very motivational leader on the fragrance side - whether you like it or not, he is one of the best, if not the best: what has happen I do not know - too far away from it now.
As for being sold - wake up - this has been going on for 20 years - they will be sold, somebody else will be sold - get real - nobody in the industry will take that leap - no body. Outside, well maybe - but how do you take a creative business and turn it into a commodity business (I know, I know, that’s what it has become… no it hasn’t!!!)?, because that is what will happen if a chemical company or manufacturer gets involved in the F&F industry - there is a reason there are very, very few public F&F companies - this is not consumer goods, or telecom - way more complex, and way more 'hidden costs'.
Back to the business today - I just hope that those that have been 'thru it' have landed and are doing well. What's left is what they have always wanted - and we all know how that saying goes...
A new fragrance leader is sorely needed.
Drove past the Union Beach/Hazlet complex yesterday and noticed both flags at half-staff. Anyone know what that was about?Student Affairs Division
.-1200
Additional contact information »
Looking for up-to-date renovation info?–
The fundraising event for President Barack Obama’s campaign was held at the home of Will Smith and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith, where the main attendee was the First Lady, Michelle Obama..
She also emphasized that her position as First Lady has allowed her to see how arduous and significant the role of a president is and how important those values they treasured are for the well-being of all Americans.
Upon completion of his speech the crowd rose to applaud and began to leave. Members of the pool were the first ones to leave the place.
—–1625 Ridenour Boulevard Northeast Suite 301
Kennesaw, Georgia 30152
4401 Shallowford Road Northeast Suite 136
Roswell, Georgia 30075
4687 South Atlanta Road Suite 224
Smyrna, Georgia 30080
Do something unique for your party or event.
Support your favorite local Irish pub with
Keegan’s merchandise.
See openings for all of our
Atlanta area locations.Let a Frown Be Your Umbrella (album)
27,767pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Let.
Track listing
Side One
- Let a Frown Be Your Umbrella - Oscar the Grouch and Farley
(Fain-Kahal-Wheeler)
- The Grouch Song - Oscar the Grouch and Mr. Hooper
Music and Lyrics by Jeff Moss
from The Official Sesame Street 2 Book-and-Record Album
- The Garden - Oscar the Grouch and Susan
Music and Lyrics by Joe Raposo
from The Official Sesame Street 2 Book-and-Record Album
- Simple Song - Oscar the Grouch with Big Bird, Grover, Ernie, Sherlock Hemlock and Herbert Birdsfoot
Music and Lyrics by Joe Raposo
from Havin' Fun with Ernie & Bert
- Rain Falls - Oscar the Grouch
(Moss-Raposo)
- The Word Family Song - Oscar the Grouch with Gordon, Susan and Mr. Hooper
(Raposo-Moss)
from The Official Sesame Street 2 Book-and-Record Album
Side Two
- I Love Trash - Oscar the Grouch
Music and Lyrics by Jeff Moss
from The Sesame Street Book & Record
- Oscar's B Sandwich - Oscar the Grouch
(Raposo-Juhl)
from The Muppet Alphabet Album
- The Noodle Song - Oscar the Grouch and Big Bird
(Juhl-Raposo)
from The Muppet Alphabet Album
- The Monster's Three Wishes - Oscar the Grouch, Herbert Birdsfoot and Cookie Monster
Written by Jeff Moss
- I Don't Wanna - Oscar the Grouch
(Raposo-Moss)
- Tu Me Gustas - Oscar the Grouch and Grover
(Raposo-Moss)
Note
Although the front cover lists a track called "A Rotten Poem", no such track appears on the album.
Other releases
International releases
LPAustralia
Axis Records
AXIS 6287
Axis Records
AXIS 6287
LPAustralia
Summit Records
8013
Summit Records
8013
Cast
- Will Lee as Mr. Hooper
- Loretta Long as Susan
- Sonia Manzano as Maria
- Bob McGrath as Bob
- Matt Robinson as Gordon
- Caroll Spinney as Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch
- Frank Oz as Cookie Monster and Grover
- Jerry Nelson as Herbert Birdsfoot, Sherlock Hemlock, and FarleyUsername
IEEE membership options for an individual and IEEE Xplore subscriptions for an organization offer the most affordable access to essential journal articles, conference papers, standards,
eBooks, and eLearning courses.
Learn more about:
IEEE membership
IEEE Xplore subscriptions
We incorporated InGaAs quantum wells within the collector of InP-based heterojunction bipolar transistors to form novel light-modulating devices. We studied the properties of these devices as light modulators by direct current injection. The devices were characterized using differential photocurrent and transmission spectroscopies. Our results demonstrate the feasibility of light modulation based on current rather than electric field modulation. Maximum modulation is achieved when the accumulated carriers quench the excitonic absorption resonance.
A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest professional association for the advancement of technology.© Copyright 2015 IEEE - All rights reserved. Use of this web site signifies your agreement to the terms and conditions.Another thing I included in my team's goodie bags were those cute pocket cards, made with the Little Pouch die and the Big Shot and featuring the 2011-2013 In Colors. They were quick to put together, but I think they turned out so cute! I used the Designer paper from the paper stack and added matching polka dot brads on the flap. I tied baker's twine and inserted a piece of cardstock with the corners rounded up.
Easy-peasy!
Stampin' Up! Supplies
Cardstock: Coral Calypso, Wisteria Wonder
Designer paper: 2011-2013 In Color Designer paper stack
Accessories: In Color polka dot brads, In Color baker's twine,
Little Pouch die, Corner Rounder punchOutlook: Employment in the Manufacturing Sector
Though much of the manufacturing sector is shedding employees, several key production industries are doing just the oppositeBy IBISWorld Analyst Lauren Setar
The story is familiar: Overall employment suffered during the recession, adding to the already accelerating trend of outsourcing manufacturing jobs or replacing them with machinery. Nevertheless, there are a handful of manufacturing industries that IBISWorld projects will bolster their workforces during the next five years. Ranging from millwork to prefabricated home manufacturing, IBISWorld has compiled five manufacturingWow... that was very unproductive, wasn't it?
Author's Response: Thank you for reviewing! Yes, the Marauders are a bit slow at getting things done, but as the urgency to find a solution picks up, they will work harder to save Sirius from complete humiliation.
This chapter was short but funny. I LOVE your characterization of James and Sirius. I probably said that, already, didn't I?
well, it's TRUE!
Usually, i'd copy and paste all my favorite parts, but I'm exhausted. (i.e. Lazy.)
I had no clue this had been updated, so I'm off to add this to my favorites!
Ciao!
H_T
Author's Response: Ah, that's okay about the copy and paste. At least I know you liked the chapter. I'm especially honored that you think it's worthy enough to keep reading! Thank you so much.
Hmm... not quite as good as ones past (though still excellent!) I did like Sirius trying to explain untrue blackmail. It made no sense.
Author's Response: :) In my opinion, Sirius was crazy before he ever went to Azkaban. (But that's just me.) Thank you for reviewing!
"You're right. We need a plan," said James, stroking his chin evilly.
lol.
“Beverly?” James asked. “The girl who carries around that stuffed squirrel?”
“She couldn’t understand why I hated Larry,” Sirius muttered.
“Bev named the squirrel Larry? I knew a Larry once,” Peter said with disgust. “No wonder it was a bad date.”
This story is SO Awesome. Have you written any other fics? :-)
Dear Lily,
Your eyes make my heartbeat flutter.
Your gaze turns my legs to butter.
I wish you were mine.
Do you want to dine?
If yes, meet me at midnight by the greenhouse.
I hope to see you soon, my dear little mouse.
Love,
Your Secret Admirer
Wooooow. That's not good.
“Hates me? You told me that she was going to fall for me any day now!”
Sirius stopped laughing. “Oh, yeah.” He paused to think. “Yeah, I was lying then.”
“Great friend, you are, Padfoot,” James growled through gritted teeth.
Oblivious, Sirius continued, “Yeah, I think I do a pretty good job.”
You do a great job with this dialogue.
Aaaaaaaaawwwwwww I'm all caught up!
Awesome chapter. Please update soon. :-)
H_T
Author's Response: Now you know why Snape became a Potions Master and not a world-renowned poet. Thank you for the review!
“PUDDING!" James and Sirius yelled. The two quickly threw Snape aside and dived on poor Fert and his batch of pudding. Seizing the bowl, they dug into it with their fingers, too ravenous from their trip to bother asking for spoons.
Haha. I love that paragraph, because I am extremely fond of pudding.
"The prisoner doesn’t get any food," James said through a mouthful of thick chocolate.
Sirius nodded in agreement. "I second that motion."
"Well, I third it," James added unnecessarily.
I love this story's OOCness. (But not the bad kind. the good kind. :-) )
James exploded and it vaguely reminded Sirius of an experiment he once performed with a toaster and a few blueberry pop tarts. The results were flaming pop tarts of doom.
HAHAHA! DARK LORD'S BLOG REFERENCE!!!!! NICE!!!!!!!!!!! !!!! !!!! !
"Snape? Escaped from what?" Sirius looked completely lost. "I have no idea what you're talking about. Anyways, I can’t take you seriously when there’s pudding on your face."
My best friend is the same way. She cannot STAND it when people get food on theiir faces.
"Oh, no! Oh, no! Very bad! This is VERY bad, James! We have to get him!" With that said, he immediately ran out of the kitchens, frantically waving his arms above his head as if it would actually help. Sirius slipped to the verge of breaking out in tears.
You know, I'm gonna end up pasting this whole story in this little box. That's how good this story is. :-)
"James!" Sirius' voice cracked. "Snape and with the ropes and squirrel! Pudding, James, PUDDING! The squirrel is gonna tell everyone!"
Yeah, Sirius! Jimmy is totally gonna tell everyone! If only he could TALK...
Dude! This chapter was awesome! But what happened to Jimmy?
H_T
Author's Response: Yes! Another good chapter then. Thanks for the review. And you've read The Dark Lord's blog, too?! It's AMAZING, isn't it? *plug* If you are reading this response and love humor stories, read The Dark Lord's Blog by Schmerg_the_Impaler.
Hey! me again!
"Where’d you get the rope?” James asked in amazement.
“I have my devices,” said Sirius murderously.
"I have my devices." okay, I"m TOTALLY gonna start saying that.
The predator hungrily eyed his prey. "We kill him."
"Why are you so hooked on killing things?"
"It’s the only way, James!" Sirius shouted, turning on him.
“Or you could just let me go,” Snape suggested from the ground, giving up on wrestling his way out of the tight rope. Both marauders ignored him.
Hilarious. I'm thinking Sirius needs some therapy.
I'm curious. How exactly do you get a scar playing tic tac toe?
So, Sirius had gotten quite… irate… since I still had not sworn defeat and acknowledged his almighty Tic-Tac-Toe greatness. Finally, he raised his quill high into the air and, screaming, 'I WON!’ brought the quill down in a magnificent arc right onto my arm."
Oh. That's how.
Awesome chapter.
ANYwho, What happened to the squirrel? He's still there, isn't he? I shall call him Jimmy. Unless you've already named your fictional squirrel. Which i kinda doubt.
Wooooooow. that was random. ;-)
H_T
Author's Response: With Sirius' bad childhood, he probably would have benefited from therapy at least after he escaped Azkaban if not at the time of this story. The squirrel, on the other hand, didn't like all Sirius' shouting and so snuck off through an open window to go back to his family living in the Whomping Willow. Since squirrels speak mainly in squeaks and chattering, he has no name we Muggles can pronounce. But you can call him Jimmy instead.
First of all: This is an awesome idea. Even the idea of Sirius being afraid of squirrels is funny. I just love squirrels, don't you? They're so cute and fluffy!
ANYwho,
"JAMES, KILL IT!"
I looooove that line so much. It's hilarious!
"Innocent! HA! Just look at the thing! Don't you see that evil glint in his eye?" Sirius pointed a shaking finger at the furry little creature, a maniacal glint in his own eye. The animal, however, was angelic in the pale moonlight. Its fur glowed silver, and its tiny black eyes glistened, completely devoid of an evil spark. It was adorable enough to make even McGonagall swoon.
That's right, Sirius! It's the cute fluffy squirrel of DEATH! Lol.
A wizard without a nose could frighten an entire country from even mentioning his name.
HAHA! THAT LINE IS GENIUS! Props to you!
Dude! This story is really cool so far! :-)
H_T
P.S. Just out of curiosity, how many chapters are you gonna make this?
Author's Response: You have no idea how good it is to hear when someone enjoyed this story! Thank you for reviewing. It's also good to hear from another squirrel fanatic. I knew I wasn't the only crazy one out there... As to length, the plan currently calls for thirteen chapters, but plans have the habit of changing while you're writing.
he he, that was v. funny! bravo
please update soon
:)
Author's Response: Thanks for reviewing! An update is coming!
Snape certainly has a shining future as a poet!
Did he really think that calling Lilly a "little mouse" would win her over?
Author's Response: Yes, well, now you know why he went with being a potions master instead. :) Thank you for the review!!
Ah, the drama! Now we can watch James wooing Lily and blackmailing Snape. You've done a good job of setting this up to be entertaining.
Author's Response: Thanks! I try my best.
very very good! hmmmm.... i think that they will figure out how to use a video recorder (that could be funny watching the marauders figure out muggle equipment) and they could pay some girl (or promise a date with james!) to pretend she likes snape then they can watch snape being dumped and threaten to show the WHOLE school that tape... thatd be mean but its what the marauders do! good luck with all ur ideas!
Author's Response: Thank you for the suggestion! Poor Snape wouldn't stand a chance..!
Haha, I definitely enjoyed your story. Your brand of random, yet relevant funniness is amazing. Amazing! Spectacular! Five stars! Two thumbs up! Extraord-- I'll stop now. >.>
Anywho, like I said, I really enjoyed your fic. I was snorting at Sirius at the end of the first chapter, his exaggerated reactions to the smallest of the squirrel's actions... It was hilarious, I really enjoyed it.
While your story was near-spotless in terms of grammar, spelling and punctuation (thumbs up on that), your characters seemed a little OOC (Out-Of-Character) in places, in my opinion. I didn't feel that Sirius being afraid of squirrels was very OOC, but parts of what he said or did did seem somewhat OOC, as was the case with James. For example, while I can believe Sirius being afraid of squirrels, like I said above, I can't believe Sirius being so afraid that he'd shriek like a girl and ask James to kill it and stuff... The whole Hay is for horses, Sirius. seemed in character to me, and that was an amazing line.
A wizard without a nose could frighten an entire country from even mentioning his name. HAHAHAHAHA! I didn't see this the first time I read it, but looking at it again, I cracked up. Amazing.
Moving on to the second chapter, I feel that if you're having an omniscient POV, and are mentioning Sirius and James by their first names, it's only proper to do so for Snape as well. Don't get me wrong, I by no means like the git, but I feel that it seems more proper to call him by his first name as well, especially in a fic (I don't give a spork as to what anyone calls him outside of a story).
However, talking about OOC'ness again, I personally feel that Snape wouldn't have been so anxious for James to finish his story. Of course, one could always argue that Snape wanted James to finish off the story so that he would untie or do something to Snape sooner, but that's just my point of view. I wonder if Snape would have such dirty teeth, though. Just because his hair is greasy, that does not necessitate the fact Other than that, I found Snape's characterisation vastly good.
The humour in the second chapter was really good as well. I loved Snape correcting James' grammar, and the story and everything. Wonderful. You have a flair for endings-- you leave us waiting to find out what exactly is going to happen. Good work.
On the whole, I think you've got a lovely, hilarious fic on your hands, you just have to watch out for a few tiny snags in characterisation. :D
Author's Response: WOW! A nice long review like yours comes along only once in a veerrryy long time. Thank you so much for taking the time to let me know your comments and suggestions. I'm so glad you enjoyed the story and that it made you laugh. You point out a very true fact: the characters are OOC. Sadly, I fail horribly at making someone else's (namely Jo's) characters humorous while in their own original skin. Thus, I added a warning to the summary so people can remember not to take my OOC characters too seriously. Snape was the biggest worry for me regarding characterization, so I was relieved when you said his characterization went well most of the time. But for Sirius, yes, he really just goes manic in this fic. Much more so than likely for his character. Ah, the joys of imagination.... As to the POV, I didn't even consider how that would affect Snape's name. Thank you for mentioning that. I think I used his last name because the story, while in third person, follows James and Sirius (who call him "Snape" when not "Snivellus"). Also, it felt awkward to write him as "Severus" when he is called simply "Snape" throughout the HP series. I'll discuss this one with my beta. Again, thank you many times over for the detailed review. The story really owes much of its beginning humor to the friend who started this with me. With her creativity and my writing experience and the patient help of my betas, you have this "lovely, hilarious fic" before you.
this was really funny! great job!
Author's Response: Why thank you!
dun dun dun dun! i love the cliffhanger!
Author's Response: Mwahaha! That way you are forced to read on to the next chapter. Cliffhangers make a story that much more exciting.
This is really great. :) Sirius.. afraid of a squirrel.
I was laughing throughout the whole thing. Keep writing, because you're good at it.
Author's Response: Thank you for the compliments! I plan on writing for a long while. :D
Hmm... I agree with Snape about the grammatical errors, but wouldn't it be easier for him to use this knowledge for black-mail purposes? (No pun intended.)
Author's Response: Snape gets his fair share of blackmail opportunity later on. Thanks for your suggestion!.Date: 10/18/2000 at 17:34:17
From: Steve Kapa
Subject: Can Coefficient of Friction be > 1
My college physics professor stated that the coefficient of friction
can be greater than one. I asked him how that could be. He *assigned*
the coefficient of friction (mu) a value of 5 and plugged it into the
formula f = mu * N.
I told him he couldn't just assign a value to mu, and asked him how he
got that. After further discussion he got frustrated, closed (I should
say slammed) his book, and then dismissed class. My question is, can
you *prove* that the coefficient of friction (a ratio, from my
understanding) can't be greater than 1?
Thank you.
Date: 10/23/2000 at 16:39:56
From: Doctor Wolfson
Subject: Re: Can Coefficient of Friction be > 1
Hi Steve,
Interesting question. Let's look at an example to see how "very
sticky" surfaces behave:
Let's say, for convenience, that we're on a planet where g = 1 m/s^2,
and we have a high-friction inclined slope of 60 degrees, with a
high-friction mass of m = 1 kg that we are pulling downward (assisting
gravity) with just the right force to compensate for friction and
cause it not to accelerate at all. And let's say that the force we
have to apply is
(5 - sqrt(3))/2 N ~= 1.64 Newtons.
Does this seem plausible so far? We're just picking the numbers to use
as parameters.
The force due to gravity is mg sin(theta), or 1*1*sqrt(3)/2. So this
force, combined with the one we are providing, yields a total downward
force of 5/2.
Since the object doesn't accelerate, friction must be equal and
opposite to the downward force:
(mu)*m*g*cos(theta) = 5/2
(mu)*1*1*1/2 = 5/2
mu = 5
As it turns out, even though most materials have values of mu
considerably less than 1, this actually isn't a requirement, and mu
isn't limited to the [0, 1) range. Physics doesn't "malfunction," nor
does friction start speeding the object up backwards, just because mu
is greater than 1. Incidentally, the example I gave can be thought of
as a rough definition of mu_(kinetic) - it is the value that makes the
friction equation balance with the amount of force required to prevent
frictional deceleration.
I hope this helps. Feel free to write back if you'd like further
clarification.
- Doctor Wolfson, The Math Forum
Date: 10/23/2000 at 16:50:02
From: Doctor Ian
Subject: Re: Can Coefficient of Friction be > 1
Hi Steve,
The thing is, it's easy to think of examples where the "coefficient of
friction" would be greater than 1 - a bulldozer on dirt, for example,
or Scotch tape on glass, or velcro - but in most of these cases,
there is some question whether it's proper to describe what's going
on as "friction," rather than something like "adhesion."
If I pound a piton into a mountain, it won't slide, but is it really
friction that prevents it from sliding? Friction is sort of a catch-
all category - if we can't explain a resistive force in any other
way, then we call it friction.
However, in looking around the Web, I came across the following URL:
The Coefficient of Friction, Coulomb (Static) and Dynamic (Kinetic)
Friction (MathEngine Fast Dynamics Toolkit)
which contains the following coefficients:
Aluminum on Aluminum 1.3
Copper on Copper 1.3
Iron on Iron 1.0
Rubber on Steel 1.6
The first three can perhaps be explained in terms of something other
than "friction" (e.g., "galling," which is the phenomenon that
requires the frame and slide of a pistol to be made from different
materials), but that's not the case for the fourth.
I guess you could call this an "existence proof" - we know that the
coefficient can be greater than one, because there exists a pair of
materials for which that is the case.
I hope this helps. I know that Dr. Wolfson provided a different proof.
Write back if you're not happy with either of our answers. And thank
you for a very interesting question. We've all had a lot of fun
thinking about it.
- Doctor Ian, The Math Forum
Search the Dr. Math Library:
[ Choose "whole words" when searching for a word
like age.]
Ask Dr. MathTM
© 1994-2015 The Math ForumAUG church cemetery. The remains will lie in state in the church from 1p.m. until the hour of service. Family and friends will assemble at the residence, 1046 Caddenwood Drive at 1p.m. G.L. Brightharp & Sons Mortuary, 614 West Avenue, North Augusta, S.C.
The Augusta Chronicle May 7, 2002
The Augusta Chronicle © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | AdvertiseMemorial Day Parade in Chelsea, Michigan
a meaningful way to honor those who have made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom.
On behalf of chelseamich.com, a heartfelt thank you to all the men and women who are currently serving and who have served in the United States military.
Chelsea’s Memorial Day Parade & Ceremony
Chelsea’s Annual Memorial Day parade takes place on Memorial Day, beginning at 10am. Parade participants will gather no later than 9:45am in parking lot #5 (behind the Purple Rose Theatre and Cleary’s Pub). Parade attendees line the streets all along the parade route, and then follow the parade to the cemetery.
The parade route heads south on Main St., east on Park St., north on East St. and east on Middle St., ending at Oak Grove Cemetery for a traditional ceremony honoring our veterans. The Memorial Day parade is hosted by the Herbert J. McKune American Legion Post 31.
View Chelsea’s Memorial Day Parade in a larger map
Photo: Chelsea’s Memorial Day Parade, led by local veterans, heads toward Oak Grove Cemetery. Photo by Leslie Surel.This is a weird one. Many 3DS "games" on the showroom floor show gameplay, but are just tech demos. This one shows nothing but cinematics, but is actually a proper game.
Yes, Resident Evil: Revelations is a full game currently in development at Capcom, and...that's all we know! Deduce what you want from the screenshots in the gallery to your left, all I know is, I'm glad there's now a Nintendo handheld can now take pre-rendered cutscenes in its stride.
Popular on Food52
Homemade Green Goddess Dressing
DIY Mason Jar Herb Garden Kit
Simple Vegan Pesto
3-Tier Ceramic Hanging Planter
From Our Friends
Forgive me if I'm rude, but are you a marketing bot from Whole Foods? You don't have a Food52 profile and your name links directly to the Whole Foods website.
hardlikearmour is a trusted home cook.
There are kiosks at some Whole Foods that allow customers to ask questions. Sometimes the questions are obviously by some shoppers kid, but most of them seem genuine.
Ah, mystery solved. Thank you.
Also if you go to the Whole Foods Marketing websites and either ask or answer a question from that site you appear as a Whole Foods Market Customer.
arrrrgh. i don't like this. there, i've said it. seems like kids' questions to me. and none of them ever respond after.It's mine and the SO's seventh anniversary so we are going out for some hifalutin eating to celebrate. This years choice is 25 Lusk down in SOMA, bonus points for it being only a couple blocks from where we live. The space is huge and has a big bar area downstairs.
With cool space age looking fireplaces and big cushy couches I liked the area down at the bar, it pretty much outshines the upstairs dining room. Another one of those places with the industrial wood, metal and brick look. But tonight was about the food and company so we tucked into the menu.
I wanted to try something different so I started with the grilled octopus sausage. Well, it definitely looked like a sausage, didn't exactly taste like one though. There was a little bit of the fennel flavor you find and serving it with sweet beer onions and coarse ground mustard gives it that vibe also but something with was just a little off. The octopus wasn't rubbery and was tender to eat but I just couldn't get into it. Plus I was confused why it was served with little pineapple squares topped with mint leaves and a deep fried plantain chip. An interesting idea that didn't come together for me.
That did not stop me from wanting to continue with branching out so I picked the rack of wild boar for my second dish. It came with grains of paradise, bone marrow, sunchoke and pickled strawberries. Now when I ordered this dish the server said that it could have a gamey taste and I told her that was fine as I have had boar before. It's a pretty plate, but what you can't really see here is that the boar is served with a nice sear outside but extremely rare on the inside, I'm going to go so far as to say the sear was the only cooking done on them and it made hard to cut and to chew. I was fine with the flavor, as I had a small bite from the outside edge that was done more, but the rest I just couldn't eat. I tried to explain this to the server that it wasn't the taste but the doneness and she said this is how it's cooked and after a brief chat I decided not to ask for it to be cooked more but to just get something else. (Side note: the pickled strawberries were the only other thing I tasted on this dish and can't say it was my favorite thing.)
I told the server I had been thinking of the pork belly as my other choice and she said it's really good and they could just do an entree portion size of the appetizer. I said no, I want the pork belly that is the entree. She said okay and went to place the order. Now on the menu they have an app and an entree that is pork belly. But, of course, since things had been going this way when she brought my plate she'd asked the kitchen for an entree size portion of the appetizer instead the actual main dish featured on the menu. Ugh....at this point I was hungry and told the SO I wasn't sending something else back so I went with it. This was a pork belly confit with smoked tomato coulis, green garlic and an aged balsamic drizzle. (The entree had pea shoots, cipollinis and a bacon citrus vinaigrette which sounded tasty.) I've quite a number of pork bellies in town and this was good, not the best, but still decent. It actually had more actual meat on it, as opposed to just fat, that some bellies have. There was a good crisp on the skin and the meat was tender and juicy. The coulis, garlic and balsamic didn't really add much to the dish, it was like a pizza sauce, I was fine with just the pork belly. I guess there's always dessert.
I did like the choices they had on the menu and went with the strawberry ice cream sandwich (which seems to be the hot new dessert item). It was a blondie cookie (without nuts--that's a plus) filled with a strawberry basil ice cream on a bed of powdered vanilla, sliced strawberries and a smear of chocolate sauce. Well right off after one bite I loved this dessert. The cookie chewy goodness and the ice cream with thick very strawberry with just the hint of basil that it blended well and didn't overpower. I like the powdered vanilla, it was very molecular gastronomy, the powdered added a great layer of flavor and texture without being too sweet. Mixed with the sliced berries and chocolate it was like it's own version of a deconstructed ice cream. Playful and tasty it was a great end to an uneven meal.
Overall, I wasn't overwhelmed like this is the best meal ever here. Between the swings in flavor and service it was truly a real hit or miss kind of thing. You have think when you are paying this kind of money everything should be great or pretty close to it but sadly, not all things were. The bar area was great, but you can't eat that, though you can eat the desserts, so drinks and that would be fun here. They did have something called sturgeon schnitzel which the SO had and really liked, thus that might be worth a try too. Would I go back? Hmmm...yeah sure, if someone else was paying.
]
2010
Ballotpedia collects information on campaign donors for each year in which a candidate or incumbent is running for election. The following table offers a breakdown of Curtis's donors each year.[6].
"Secretary+of+State"&um=1&ie=UTF-8&output=rss David Scott Curtis News Feed
See also
- California Secretary of State
- California secretary of state election, 2014
- Governor of Nevada
- Nevada gubernatorial election, 2010
External links
- SilverState2010, "U.S Senate/Statewide Candidates", accessed November 12, 2010
- ↑ Follow the Money, "Career fundraising for David Scott Curtis," accessed August 15, 2013
- ↑ Follow the Money.org, "Home," accessed February 17, 2015The Bay City Fire Department is reminding residents to call 911 if they smell gas after a Tuesday incident that could have ended in disaster, said Chief Gregory Michalek.
About 11 a.m. Tuesday, a Consumers Energy employee was doing routine checks on State Street in Bay City. While his gas reader didn't pick up anything unusual, the employee smelled gas in the 500 block of State Street, Michalek said.
The employee got out of his vehicle and using other equipment was able to pinpoint a gas leak to a home at 516 State St.
"It was in explosive range," Michalek said. "All it needed was a spark and the house would have blown up."
Michalek said even the simple act of turning on a light switch could have caused the two-unit home to explode.
Consumers turned off the gas to the home, residents in the area were evacuated and the windows in the home were opened to let the gas evaporate.
Michalek said neighbors told firefighters that they'd smelled gas for a couple weeks in the area.
He said if the home had exploded, it most likely would have also blown up the homes on either side.
"Kudos goes to the Consumers guy," he said. "He averted a disaster on the scene from happening."
The homeowner must now have the gas leak fixed before gas will be turned back on at the residence. Michalek was not sure if that had yet happened.Best wishes to all my readers. A more successful gingerbread house than last time.
… we cheated by buying a flat pack gingerbread house from Ikea.
Best wishes to all my readers. A more successful gingerbread house than last time.
… we cheated by buying a flat pack gingerbread house from Ikea.
I’m with Lee on this one. Although the improvement since last year is quite remarkable!
Best wishes for Xmas and the New Year. Thanks for all the effort that you put into Deltoid, it is greatly appreciated.
On an unrelated point, I’m off to the South Pole tomorrow. See you when I get back.
Pell is a twit, on many fronts. Thankfully though, a lot of people realise this and don’t listen to him on any topic anyway.
I’m not one for religion, but there’s no escaping it’s Christmas time in the western world and a great opportunity to unwind with family and friends. So Merry Christmas anyway!
Merry Xmas Tim, and thank you for your good work as scourge of idiots over another year.
A Happy Yuletide/Saturnalia/insert-relevant-festival-here to all those who work so hard whacking the denialist moles of all stripes.
On the matter of Pell, all I can say is that I hope he persists with his nonsense. I’m sure that someone’s cataloging his idiocy, a la Deltoid’s “The Australian’s War on Science” series, and one day it will all come to bite him on his fat eclesiastical arse.
Chocolate and the recording of part 2 of Going Postal beckon…
Jrkrideau.
It’s a bit like our venomous plants and animals compared to other countries’ bities and stingies… For a lot of us golf-ball sized hail stones aren’t really anything to bother with.
Back in ’99 I was driving across Taylor Square in Sydney when Pell’s heavens opened and within the space of about 5 seconds I went from not having my wipers on, to having dozens of cricket ball sized hail stones denting every panel of my vehicle (except the tail-gate, which was the only rusted part… would have loved the insurance to repair that!).
By the time I slid sideways off the road about 30 seconds later, in a blanket of ice ball-bearings about 25 cm deep, I’d had one stone leave it’s impression in my badly crazed and buckled – but not shattered – windscreen to prove to my friends that it was the size of a rock melon when it rolled out. After the storm passed one guy across the road from me removed a hail stone from behind his back seat that was about the size of a football.
For about 5 minutes I thought that I was going to be pulped by a lump of ice coming through the sun-roof. Fortunately those things are manufactured with toughed glass. In hindsight covering my head with my squash bag probably wasn’t going to help much had the glass failed!
The amazing thing is that no-one was killed in that storm. [It cut a huge swathe through the windows, roofs and street lights of inner Sydney]() though – glaziers and roofers made a killing in the months following…
The ghosts of phantom lawsuits past — have they decided to visit Roger Tattersall?
A happy new year to all!
— frank
@ 16 Bernard J
You Aussies are so hasty.
I was in the Great Canadian Ice Storm of 1998 [Great Canadian Ice Storm]() It took us weeks to do so much damage.
In fact for the first 2-three days I didn’t actually realise we had a crisis.
I was in a small section of Hull QC where we lost power for a good hour. My friends across the river had to evacuate for 1-2 weeks depending on where they were.
A good portion of Ontario, much of Quebec and IIRC, most of New Brunswick lost electricity, often for 2 to 3 weeks.
Losing electrical power (hydro in Canadian terms) in a Canadian winter is damn dangerous, in fact, life-threatening in many cases. Often it’s no hydro, no heat and at -6 or -10 C this can be deadly.
I still remember the picture of the two railway locomotives driven down a street so that they could help supply power to a local hospital in Quebec. I think they were in the ‘Black Triangle where it took something like three weeks to restore power.
FWIW, Tallbloke posted this item on his website just before Xmas..
Looking past the fact that that last sentence is ungrammatical, at least Tallbloke has the decency to put the word climategate in quote marks. Maybe he’s coming around to our side in realizing it’s not the scandal the denialists think it is after all.
And why is it is that, whenever the denialists mention “climategate,” they neglect to mention the nine enquiries that have exonerated the scientists at UEA?
Jrkrideau.
Even though the ’99 storm was estimated at half a million tons of hail stones, I yield to your greater weight of ice!
In a capitulating riposte though I would note that frozen water in any form, and resulting from whatever meteorological phenomenon, is a scarce beast indeed in the greater Sydney area.
I shall hasten more slowly next time. But I still contend that golf ball sized hail stones are but mere mistings of icing sugar…
😉
@ 21
“In a capitulating riposte though I would note that frozen water in any form, and resulting from whatever meteorological phenomenon, is a scarce beast indeed in the greater Sydney area.”
What do cocktail drinkers do? Oh, I misread that.
“half a million tons of hail stones” .
Gods! The mind boggles. It sounds like a WWI bombardment! Our weather can be a bit nasty but it is “normally” a lot slower.
We seldom get hail like you do–I think Manitoba and Saskatewan do but not us in Eastern Ontario or the rest of Eastern Canada — so the idea of getting hit with such a sudden and devestating storm is very impressive (err, read scary?).
It’s a little like hurricanes. We don’t get them so we’re very impressed with footage from the Carribean or southern USA. Or come to think of it, of a cyclone hitting Japan or the Gold Coast.
It was just that,from that Channel 7 news clip, it seemed like Cardinal Pell’s reported praise of Australia’s climate was a bit poorly timed. A little like God said, “Cheeky b**, I’ll show him”.
No ice, no snow, oh bliss!
As I type I can hear the neighbour shoveling the snow in his driveway. Why he’s bothering I don’t know as there’s less than a centimetre but some people are anal.
We’ve had the open-air Market Square skating rink [1, 2] open for about 3 weeks though occasionally under water as AGW does affect us. In one episode, we went from +9C (flooded pond) to ~ -5C (fantastic ice surface) in about 12 hours. Kudos to the ciy maintanence staff!
Happy new year to you and all Deltoiders.
1. Artificial cooling (In Canadian terms, ‘artificial ice’)
2. Best out of a poor set of photos of the rink that I could find: If you flick through some of the other photos, (direction ‘older’), you see a bit of us in winter, but at our best!
>It was just that,from that Channel 7 news clip, it seemed like Cardinal Pell’s reported praise of Australia’s climate was a bit poorly timed. A little like God said, “Cheeky b**, I’ll show him”.
If Pell had any meterological smarts he would have realised that it’s best just to keep one’s mouth shut when proselitising about a “good” Australian climate.
I’d say that God was probably thinking something more than “Cheeky b**”…
“The ghosts of phantom lawsuits past — have they decided to visit Roger Tattersall?”
Wait until Cucinelli gets done with Mickey Mann. Tearing a couple of new backsides comes to mind. And no, the court’s rejection hasn’t ended the AG’s case against fraud. There are more ways to skin a cockroach.
Wise words from Ugo Bardi (one of my favourite scientists):.
The invisible toothpaste: overselling science
Hmm, I hope the old expression “Starve the bardies!” isn’t a reference to Ugo Bardy
BTW, in our favourite Australian newsrag there is a book review of Ian Plimer’s latest burnt offerings: the review is by a fellow geologist, namely one Professor Mike Sandiford (University of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia). Quoting from page 14 of the Inquirer section of The Australian (Dec 31, 2011), we have in Mike’s words:.”
In other words, Plimer acknowledges the importance and actual existence of an enhanced greenhouse effect in an earlier book. The evidence has only firmed since his previous book, and yet in his current book How To Get Expelled from School, Plimer blithely dismisses the greenhouse effect as inconsequential.
Even better though, is the fact that sloppy erudition of facts is apparent even in his earlier work of 2001, to which I quote again from Mike Sandiford’s review:.”
As Mike Sandiford points out, the actual CO2 level was around 0.12 per cent! Not 6 per cent! Plimer got the amount spectacularly wrong. To quote Mike Sandiford:
The problem is, although his temperature estimate is about right, his CO2 estimate is about 50 times too high. CO2 levels were more like 0.12 per cent. At just three times present levels, this is a target we are on track to reach early next century.
In his book review, Professor Mike Sandiford demonstrates at least three serious failings in Plimer’s body of work, with regards to the subject matter of climate science, to wit:
1) Plimer switches to a diametrically opposed position on the matter of whether there even exists a greenhouse effect;
2) Plimer does not accurately or reliably report on the amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere at several crucial periods, particularly for 100 million years ago, and more importantly for the current debate, on CO2 levels in 1900 and 1960;
3) Plimer mis-states the atmospheric contribution of volcanic CO2 emissions by roughly 100 to one.
And yet there are people whol still believe that if they weigh what Plimer claims, against that of the extensive body of evidence comprising climate science, somehow Plimer is more credible? Sheesh, I have a bridge for sale on e-Bay…
[Donald Oats]().
If more professional geologists and their organisations were to actually stand up for the integrity of their discipline and call Plimer on his travesties of scientific pronouncement, their overall credibility (and the quality of public geophysicsal discourse) would improve greatly.
As it stands, geology has the dubious distinction of being the scientific discipline apparently being hell-bent on leading the lay population several hundred years backward in terms of human understanding. Kudos and kudos again to Mike Sandiford for doing his part to recify this trend.
█████████████████████████████████████████
“Remind me when we get back to the bus about Rush and global warming.”
█████████████████████████████████████████Forthcoming: Wax Witches
News posted Monday, January 14 2013 at 09:00 AM.
Related: Wax Witches.
What: Celebrity Beatings by Wax Witches.
When: February 8 through Jerko/MGM.
Key notes: Debut album from Wax Witches, solo project of Bleeding Knees Club frontman Alex Wall. Coming out on CD and digital via new Sydney label Jerko (Step-Panther), with cassette coming from LA label Burger Records (Thee Oh Sees, King Tuff, OFF!). Recording during downtime from BKC over the past year, “as a way to keep boredom at bay and record off-the-cuff at home.” Wall played nearly every instrument and recorded and mixed all 16 songs at his Gold Coast home before being mastered by Straight Arrows’ Owen Penglis. Follows recent singles ‘Help Me Out’ and ‘Santa Forgot Me’. Includes the “a faithfully pissed-off” Black Flag cover ‘Nervous Breakdown’ and the single ‘Alone’ (stream below). Supporting Thee Oh Sees at the Great Northern in Byron Bay on February 13, with launches in Melbourne and Sydney planned for mid-March.
From the presser: “Fans of Bleeding Knees Club will find much to love here – if possible, Wax Witches is even more snotty, frantic, dumb, lo-fi and badass than the songs on Nothing To Do. Its brat-blast noise-pop and gonzo garage-rock channels Wall’s professed love of California punk and psych culture, from The Descendents through to Ty Segall.”
Tracklisting:
Spit On Me
Alone
I Hate Your Guts
Liquid Handcuffs
Friendzone
Nervous Breakdown
LZD
Teenager Hopeless
Everytime I Try
I Hate Matilda
Panic 666
Punk Is For Gays
Nightmares
Fuck The Drive Thru
Ballad Of A Lozer
Shit Day
Wax Witches - "Alone" by Jerko ۵
+
Is that cover art by Raymond Pettibon?
I'm guessing it's an imitation, but I could be wrong.
I'm willing to bet 50 bux that it's an Andy Lang drawing.
i think this young flog has done it himself, the quality is far poorer than either artist
I highly doubt it's a Pettibon, imitation fo' sureWell this interesting. Alicia Keys, Pharrell Williams, and Kendrick Lamar were all in Los Angeles recently to film the video for their upcoming collab “It’s On Again”.
Alicia Keys Talks About Working With Pharrell & Kendrick Lamar On Upcoming Spider-Man Soundtrack Mar 14, 2014 at 03:30pm
It's no small undertaking when Alicia Keys, Pharrell Williams, Kendrick Lamar, and th legendary film composer, Hans Zimmer, get together for a project.
-Wow – here is a smokin’ hot deal for you today!!
ING Direct (a free online bank), is offering a $125 bonus when you open an Electric Orange Checking Account! This is the best offer I have seen (usually it’s just a $50 bonus).
- Go to ING and open an Electric Orange Checking account between 11/23-11/25 .
- Make a total of 10 purchases (either signature or PIN-based) using your Electric Orange Card or 10 CheckMate deposits (or any combination of the two) within 45 days.
- Your $125 bonus will be automatically deposited into your account on day 50!
Please note Electronic Orange accounts cannot be used for business, power of attorney, beneficiary or individual retirement accounts. This offer is available to new Electronic Orange accounts only. The $125 may be reported to the IRS and state agencies (so basically it’s viewed as income and you’ll be taxed on it).
Kids Savings Account
You could also sing up for an ING Direct Kids Savings Account and get a $10 BONUS!
- Find the link by looking for the Back To School Link, click on it.
- Click the Kids’ Savings Account graphic and register for your free. No minimum deposit required!
- You can open an account for multiple children.
- The $10 is available for withdrawal after 30 days
You only have through November 25th at 11:59 pm EST to open your account(s) & have them qualify for this bonus. Head over to ING Direct to get started now.Leave a Comment
Speak Your MindJoin FREE | Login
& Deals
& Celebrations
Eats
Bake up a batch of holiday classics with an easy recipe that starts with Pillsbury® refrigerated sugar cookies.
Saved
Print
©2014.
Carrot Cupcakes with Coconut Pecan Frosting
Calico Kitty Cookies
Chocolate-Caramel Crumb Cupcakes
Banana Crunch Cake
“O My Ganache” Cherry Macaroon Torte
Snappy Turtle CookiesPuffle Party (Gotta Have a Wingman)
this wiki
Puffle Party (Gotta Have a Wingman), or just Puffle Party is a Club Penguin Animated Shorts episode. It is the tenth episode of the first season, and the tenth episode overall. It was released in the album, Club Penguin: The Party Starts Now! along with five other songs. It was released for the Puffle Party 2013.
Episode Description
Cadence and Stompin' Bob begin to sing a new song in The Plaza, and many penguins join them, as they head into the Puffle Hotel and up to the Rooftop Pool to finish the song. As everyone dances and parties, the Rainbow Puffle looks down on it from a cloud, and then winks to the camera, breaking the fourth wall.
Trivia
- The beginning of the video seems to be a parody of the music video for LMFAO's "Sexy And I Know It".
- The male voice is Stompin' Bob. But in Spike Hike's tweet, he says that it is Franky.
- He later said he had made a mistake.
- The same background dancer penguins from The Party Starts Now are seen with Cadence and Stompin' Bob.
- This is one of the only times a Penguin Band member appears alone.
- Cadence appears in a slightly different outfit than what she usually wears, with a grey and purple T-shirt in addition to her usual items. Club Penguin said that this will be her new look. It was for the Teen Beach Movie Summer Jam.
- In the video, the order of the buildings seems to have changed in The Plaza. The order is: The Stage, the Pizza Parlor, the Puffle Hotel and the Pet Shop.
- This may be because the Club Penguin Team may have purposely or unintentionally flipped the video horizontally.
- Club Penguin said that the Red Puffle which was with Stompin' Bob did not belong to him, but it was just for helping with the video. [source needed]
- It was released as igloo music.
- Herbert P. Bear appears on the elevator on the minute 00:38.
- A Remix (Puffle Party (Gotta Have a Wingman) Remix) was made of the music track for Club Penguin by DJ Cole Plante.
Lyrics
Official lyrics from booklet included with Club Penguin: The Party Starts Now!
We’re gonna heat things up here on this isle
Melt some ice and rock with style
Our funny, fuzzy friends with two eyes and a smile
Are ready for their close ups now
Everybody bring your best buddies along
Send a special request for your favorite song
When the DJ spins it
Come on and watch us break it down
Take it back
And forth
And back again
You got your moves
For sure
So you gotta represent
CHORUS
Oh, oh, oh, oh… now it’s their turn to party
(Their turn to party)
Oh, oh, oh, oh… yeah, let’s give them a chance (These guys can dance!)
Oh, oh, oh, oh… turn it up, get it started
(Get it started)
Everyone knows
You gotta have a wingman
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, oh, oh, oh
We can give puffle props, but that’s not enough
We gotta throw our own party to show our love
Cuz penguins and puffles are total buds
That no one can come between
Show ’em off, like we ain’t seen nothin’ yet
They may not have feet, but they still dub step
Once to the right and twice to the left
Then bounce around to this beat
Take it back
And forth
And back again
Those puffles on the floor
Make it better times ten
Chorus (x2)Small-fruit willow Small-fruit willow
Plants 0.2-1.5 m, not clonal. Stems erect or decumbent; branches gray-brown or red-brown, villous or short-silky to glabrescent; branchlets red-brown, long-silky, villous, or woolly. Leaves: stipules absent or rudimentary on early ones, foliaceous or rudimentary on late ones; petiole (deeply to shallowly grooved adaxially), (0.5-)1-3(-4) mm, (usually shorter than or barely exceeding subtended bud); largest medial blade hypostomatous, narrowly oblong, oblong, narrowly elliptic, elliptic, narrowly oblanceolate, ovate, or obovate, base rounded, convex, cordate, or subcordate, margins flat, entire, apex rounded, acute, or convex, abaxial surface (sometimes obscured by hairs), densely villous, woolly, or long-silky, adaxial slightly glossy, pilose, villous, or long-silky to glabrescent, (hairs straight or wavy); proximal blade margins entire; juvenile blade very densely long-silky abaxially. Catkins: staminate 5.3-24 × 4-10 mm, flowering branchlet 0.3-24(-43) mm; pistillate (and staminate) densely flowered, globose, subglobose, or stout, 6-25 × 4-15 mm, flowering branchlet 0.3-11 mm; floral bract tawny or greenish, 1-3 mm, apex rounded or convex, entire, abaxially hairy, hairs straight or wavy. Staminate flowers: abaxial nectary (0-)0.5-1.5 mm, adaxial nectary 0.5-1.4 mm, nectaries distinct or connate and cup-shaped; filaments distinct or connate less than 1/2 their lengths, glabrous or hairy throughout or on proximal 1/2; anthers ellipsoid, shortly cylindrical, or globose, 0.3-0.8 mm. Pistillate flowers: abaxial nectary often present, adaxial nectary longer than stipe; stipe 0-0.6 mm; ovary pyriform, very densely villous, tomentose, or woolly, beak slightly bulged below styles; ovules 2-10 per ovary; styles connate to distinct 1/2 their lengths, 0.4-1.5 mm; stigmas broadly or slenderly cylindrical, 0.24-0.3-0.48 mm. Capsules 3-6.5 mm.
Varieties 2 (2 in the flora): North America.
1
Branchlets and largest medial blade surfaces moderately densely villous or long-silky; largest medial blades (1.5-)2.8-3(-4) times as long as wide; anthers 0.3-0.5 mm; catkins globose, subglobose, or stout.
48a Salix brachycarpa var. brachycarpa
+
Branchlets and largest medial blade surfaces very densely woolly, villous, or long-silky; largest medial blades 1.4-2.6 times as long as wide; anthers 0.5-0.8 mm; catkins stout or subglobose (Lake Athabasca sand dunes, Saskatchewan).
48b Salix brachycarpa var. psammophila
Lower Taxa
Salix brachycarpa var. brachycarpa Salix brachycarpa var. psammophila Raup
Lower Taxa
Other Databases
W3TROPICOS
IPNI
Other DatabasesData & Media loading...
Article metrics loading...
Abstract3 organic light emitting device operated in forward bias. The magnitude of this variation is sensitive to the local dielectric environment of the device and is found to be as large as 15%.
Full text loading...
Commenting has been disabled for this contentWhat's New
- Added Japanese support.
App Description!
App Changes
- June 07, 2014 Initial releaseHialeah Police Arrest Two Men In Shooting
April 19, 2011 5:12 PM
(Source: CBS4) A man found found in the doorway of a Hialeah duplex, the victim of an apparent shooting
HIALEAH – (CBS4) -Hialeah police are investigating the events that left one man shot to death in front of an entryway of what appears to be an apartment complex Tuesday afternoon.
Police say they have arrested two men in connection with the shooting that occurred at 76th Street and West 24th Avenue sometime at 4 p.m.
Police did not immediately identify the man who died. But one woman told a CBS4 News photographer that she saw the body and two people in handcuffs.
(©2011 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)